 
 
 
 
BSL/SEC/2026-27/36 
       
 
 
 
 
 
         7th August, 2026 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
 
           National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,     
 
 
           Exchange Plaza Bandra–Kurla, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
           Bandra (East), Mumbai–400051 
(Maharashtra)  
 
 
 
 
           (Maharashtra) 
 
Scrip Code: 503722   
 
 
 
           Symbol: BANSWRAS 
 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q1FY27 Earnings Call held on 3rd August, 2026. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith a transcript of the Q1FY27 Earnings Call held on 
Monday, 3rd August, 2026. The same is also available on the website of the Company i.e. 
https://www.banswarasyntex.com/transcript-of-earning-conference-call/  
   
 Please take the same on record.  
 
 
Yours Faithfully 
For BANSWARA SYNTEX LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
Shaleen Toshniwal 
Managing Director 
DIN: 00246432 
 
 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
Shaleen 
Toshniwal
Digitally signed by 
Shaleen Toshniwal 
Date: 2026.08.07 
13:08:09 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Banswara Syntex Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 03, 2026 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recording 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 3rd August 2026 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAVINDRA TOSHNIWAL – VICE 
CHAIRMAN – BANSWARA SYNTEX LIMITED 
 
MR. SHALEEN TOSHNIWAL – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – BANSWARA SYNTEX LIMITED 
MS. KAVITA GANDHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – BANSWARA SYNTEX LIMITED 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS – 
BANSWARA SYNTEX LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Banswara Syntex Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ravindra Kumar Toshniwal, Vice 
Chairman of Banswara Syntex Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ravindra Toshniwal: Thank you. Hello, everyone. Good afternoon. I welcome you all to our quarter 
1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. Along with me, we have on this call our 
MD, Shaleen Toshniwal; our CFO, Ms. Kavita Gandhi; and SGA, our Investor 
Relations Advisors. I hope you all have been able to go through our investor 
presentation, which we uploaded on the exchange of our company website. 
 
So firstly, I would like to highlight a landmark development for the Indian 
textile industry, that is on the 15th of July 2026, the India-U.K. Free Trade 
Agreement came into effect. This marks a significant milestone in enhancing 
the global competitiveness of Indian textile and apparel exports. 
 
The elimination of import duties on Indian textiles and apparel entering the 
U.K. is expected to significantly improve the competitiveness of Indian 
manufacturers and strengthen our position as a preferred sourcing destination. 
We hope this will create opportunity to expand the country's share in the U.K. 
textile market. 
 
Supported by our improved pricing competitiveness and a deeper engagement 
with global brands and retailers, we hope to sustain a growth in exports. This 
agreement is expected to open a new phase for us. 
 
For Banswara Syntex in particular, it is an encouraging development because 
of our long-standing relationship with the U.K. and its leading customers. We 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
have a strong presence in the value-added products and in our MMF products 
for the U.K. market. Our integrated manufacturing capabilities position us well 
to capitalize on these opportunities and the benefit of the India-U.K. FTA will 
begin to accrue from the coming quarters. 
 
We also believe that the potential conclusion of similar trade agreements with 
the European Union could further strengthen India's position and Banswara's 
position as a preferred global sourcing destination and create additional long-
term growth opportunities for the company. 
 
Now let me take you through the financial performance for the quarter. Our 
total income increased by 4.1% to INR322.4 crores in quarter 1 FY27 on a 
year-on-year basis. The EBITDA stood at INR29.5 crores during the quarter. 
Profit before depreciation and tax came in at INR19.6 crores. 
 
The company recorded a profit after tax of INR4.4 crores in this quarter as 
compared to a loss of INR1.4 crores, which occurred in the quarter 1 of FY26. 
The year-on-year growth was supported by improved realizations and a higher 
contribution from value-added products. 
 
On a sequential basis, performance reflected the seasonally softer first quarter. 
This is always true for us, along with the temporary operational headwind, 
which is due to the labor availability during the first quarter. These challenges 
have now largely eased. Operations have stabilized, and we expect this positive 
momentum to continue over the coming quarters. 
 
Now moving to each of our business divisions. The yarn division recorded a 
revenue of INR96 crores in quarter 1 FY27 compared to INR110 crores in the 
corresponding quarter last year. Here, we have a reduction. Sales volume stood 
at 36 lakh kgs and the capacity utilization stood at 70% during the quarter. 
 
As we highlighted before, the temporary labor shortage during this season due 
to the various festivals and marriages does impact our production during this 
quarter and resulted in a lower output and sales. However, some improved 
price realization in the domestic yarn helped us to offset some of the impact. 
 
Another aspect of the quarter was the higher internal consumption of yarn to 
support our downstream fabric and Garment business. We prioritize our 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
internal consumption. And while this resulted in lower external yarn sales, it's 
a conscious strategic decision under our vertically integrated business model. 
 
By increasing internal transfers, we are able to create greater value across the 
textile value chain, improve our overall operational efficiencies and enhance 
profitability at the consolidated level. We continue to increase the share of 
value-added yarns in our product portfolio, strengthening both the realizations 
and our upstream businesses. 
 
Looking ahead, the labor availability has improved significantly, and we 
expect our yarn division to normalize progressively over the coming quarters, 
enabling the yarn division to return to its normal operating level. 
 
Now the Fabric division. Moving to the Fabric division, we are pleased to 
report a strong start to FY27. The division delivered a revenue of INR147 
crores, representing a healthy 25% year-on-year growth. Sales volume 
increased by 18% year-on-year to 59 lakh meters and capacity utilization 
improved to 80% during the quarter. This reflects a robust demand and better 
operational efficiencies across the business. 
 
One of the key growth drivers during the quarter was our continued focus on 
value-added fabrics. We have been consciously increasing the share of 
premium product categories such as our bi-stretch fabrics, both in poly viscose 
and poly-rich blends, wool blends, in our portfolio. 
 
This strategic shift has enabled us to achieve better realizations and enhance 
the value addition, thereby contributing meaningfully to the division's revenue 
growth. The demand remained healthy across the United States, the domestic 
market, while Europe and the Middle East witnessed a relatively softer 
demand. 
 
Despite this, our diversified customer base and geographic presence enabled 
us to deliver healthy growth. Importantly, our order book remains strong, 
providing good revenue visibility and confidence for the coming quarters. We 
continue to strengthen our customer portfolio and have added core articles with 
brands such as Haggar and with NEXT in the U.K. 
 
At the same time, we have further deepened our engagement with several 
existing customers, reflecting our confidence in the product and our customer 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
support in our innovation capabilities and execution strength. Looking ahead, 
we remain focused on further expanding our Fabric business, improving the 
operational efficiencies and strengthening our customer relationships across 
key markets. 
 
The Garment division. Moving on to our Garment division. The business 
reported a revenue of INR69 crores during quarter 1 FY27 compared to INR75 
crores in the corresponding quarter last year. The sales volume stood at 8 lakh 
pieces, while capacity utilization was 69% during this quarter. 
 
The first quarter is typically a seasonally softer quarter for our Garment 
business. During this quarter, however, the geopolitical uncertainties with the 
West Asia crisis starting led to temporary export logistic constraints with the 
customer pickups in shipping being delayed, which resulted in the deferment 
of certain dispatches and had an impact on our revenue in this quarter. 
 
We expect the deferred dispatches to be executed in the subsequent quarter. 
Despite this temporary challenge, the underlying business environment 
remains healthy. Our order book continues to be robust and is fully booked 
through to November and even December now, providing us with strong 
revenue visibility and confidence for the coming quarters. 
 
This healthy order pipeline reflects the continued trust of our customers, and 
we hope to be able to execute well. We continue to deepen our engagement 
with existing customers with increased business from our global brands such 
as Mango, Celio and Walmart. At the same time, we have expanded our 
customer portfolio through the addition of international new brands such as 
C&A and NEXT. 
 
We expect them also to contribute meaningfully to our future growth. Looking 
ahead, we remain optimistic about the growth prospects of the Garment 
division. The combination of a healthy order book, increasing business from 
existing customers, onboarding of new global brands and the expected benefits 
from the India-U.K. Free Trade Agreement and the proposed India-EU FTA is 
expected to strengthen our export opportunities. I can also add that the 
domestic market remains buoyant and there is also good demand happening in 
the domestic market for us. 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
Overall, while the quarter was impacted by a few temporary operational 
headwinds, the underlying fundamentals of our business remains strong. The 
labor availability has improved. The execution of the deferred orders has 
commenced and demand for our products continues to be healthy. 
 
Supported by our integrated manufacturing model, a growing portfolio of 
value-added products, our expanding relationships with global and domestic 
customers and the favorable trade environment, we remain confident of 
delivering a stronger momentum through the balance of FY27 to achieve the 
guidance we have outlined for the whole year. 
 
With this, I now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. We have our first question from the line of Akshay from Alpha 
Invesco. 
Akshay: 
Congratulations on the set of numbers. I just had a few questions. Sir, I just 
had a few questions. So if you could highlight what is the contribution of 
exports for fabrics and garments separately? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: Okay. Is that -- is there any other question? 
Akshay: 
Yes. Okay. So next would be what would be our jackets contribution? I believe 
we were giving volume and value-wise segmentation like what sales we did 
from jackets separately. If you could highlight that? And what would be a 
segment-wise margins? 
 
And then are we seeing enough demand and inquiry pipeline now that we are 
feeling confident to rather add more capacities instead of just focusing on the 
maintenance capex that we've been doing for 2, 3 years? Are we looking 
forward to adding more on towards expanding the capacities? Yes, that's it 
from my side? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: Okay, Akshay. So yes, that's 3 different questions. We'll try and answer each 
one of them. So if you look at the segmental growth in our export and the 
domestic -- the export business, I'll let Kavita give me the exact number. 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Kavita Gandhi: 
The overall exports remains at 48%. But since you wanted to know the fabric 
and garment, overall exports, fabric and garment contributes around 70% of 
exports. 
Akshay: 
Okay. So fabrics and garments, 70% is export, 30% is domestic market? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: No, no. 70% is total turnover of exports from fabric and garments and 30% 
comes from yarn. 
Shaleen Toshniwal: 
If you ask just about garment, about 60% is export and 40% is domestic. For 
fabric, I believe it's 50% - 50%. 
Kavita Gandhi: 
50% - 50%, yes. 
Akshay: 
Okay. And what would be your jacket contribution? 
Shaleen Toshniwal: 
So generally, we've been averaging about 600,000 jackets a year, roughly about 
50,000 jackets a month. This year, we expect to close between 800,000 to 
900,000 jackets. We will probably be averaging between 70,000 to 75,000 
jackets a month. 
Akshay: 
And what would be the run rate in Q1? 
Shaleen Toshniwal: 
In Q1, the demand for jackets has been relatively soft. I think we closed at 
about 135,000 jackets. But the run rate from here onwards is upwards of 75,000 
a month, and the booking is almost confirmed till end December. 
Ravindra Toshniwal: Right now if you get to the segment-wise margins, more or less, we expect the 
margins in the Fabric business to be about between 12% to 14% EBITDA and 
in the Garment business between, say, 8% to 10%. And our yarn business is 
also somewhere between 8% to 10%. And  our consolidated EBITDA target is 
at about 12%. In this first quarter, we achieved 9%, but we expect to cover it 
up an average 12% by the end of the year. 
Akshay: 
Okay. So were the margins in line in Q1 or this is something that we are 
expecting for full year '27? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: They were only in line in the Fabric business for the first quarter. Yarn because 
of capacity utilization, we didn't hit the target and Garment because of the 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
goods not being dispatched in time due to the container availability, we had a 
backlog. 
Akshay: 
Okay. Okay. Yes. And on the capacities, if you could highlight, like are we 
confident enough we seeing... 
Shaleen Toshniwal: 
Your last question was on the demand? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: And the growth. 
Shaleen Toshniwal: 
And I think, yes, the demand is definitely looking good for both, I can say, for 
both fabric and garment, at least for the next 2 quarters is looking very healthy 
and meeting our projections or somewhat slightly surpassing our projections. 
So that keeps us optimistic. And with all of the tailwinds that Ravi ji has 
mentioned in his speech, we expect demand should improve going forward as 
we hit the next year as well. 
Ravindra Toshniwal: So we are actually thinking of making investments, which we continue to 
make. This year, we will be investing another about INR140 crores is planned 
and already sanctioned. And we will be making these investments in fabric and 
garment and some in common infrastructure. So we are being more aggressive 
on what investments we have to make to supplement the capacity as we are 
anticipating that there will be demand, which will cover up whatever capacity 
we have and we'll need more. 
Akshay: 
Okay. So of this INR140 crores, could you just segregate which would be 
maintenance that we're supposed to do to maintain the current capacity? And  
what portion would be to expand further capacity? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: I mean in general, we are looking at an expansion next year of about 20%, 25% 
in garment and an expansion of about 20%. I'm talking now '27-'28 FY. In that, 
we expect to close this year close to around INR1,500 crores. And then we are 
talking about '27-'28, another expansion of 20% in our garment and Fabric 
business. 
 
Yarn, we haven't yet made the numbers out. We could maintain our yarn 
business or even marginally grow it while keeping both these expansions have. 
That's about roughly what we are looking at based on these -- that we are 
already making. 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nishant from Green Portfolio. 
Nishant: 
Am I audible, sir? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: Yes, go ahead. 
Moderator: 
Yes, Nishant. 
Nishant: 
Sir, I want to know, I know the quarter 1 is seasonally your weakest quarter, 
but the sequential drop was still sharp, like garment revenue down 28% and 
the yarn volumes down 21% versus quarter 4. So my question is, how do you 
build from the soft start to much stronger second half? Your full year guidance 
earlier, you said INR1,500 crores. 
 
And on garment specifically, I want to know was that fall just shipment that 
got delayed and come back later or the real demand you have actually lost? 
Like I want to know on the -- specifically on garment sector? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: Right. So I'll let Shaleen answer the garment question first. 
Shaleen Toshniwal: 
Yes. Thank you, Nishant. I think that's a good question because if we could 
have a stronger start to the year, that obviously gives us a much better 
opportunity to get overall better numbers. Now when it comes to garment, this 
particular quarter is for export is the sweet window for maximum exports for 
the autumn/winter season. 
 
And unfortunately, that autumn/winter season has been a little bit weak for us 
in terms of export demand. And also for the domestic demand, that also is a 
little bit of a weak period because the festive season shipments really pick up 
from July onwards. So that first quarter tends to be a little bit weak for 
garments. 
 
Now to supplement it going forward, we're focusing on improving our 
autumn/winter product range. And I'm happy to say we have done a lot of 
sampling this year. So hopefully, next year, we will have an improved number 
in the first quarter. And going forward, for the rest of the year, already the 
numbers have improved significantly in terms of the order book. So I'm 
confident that we're looking at possibly a INR100 crores quarter sales from 
here onwards on the garment side. 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Ravindra Toshniwal: So they have next 3 quarters. 
Shaleen Toshniwal: 
Next 3 quarters. 
Ravindra Toshniwal: So INR300 crores over 3 quarters. 
Nishant: 
And what about July, sir? 
Shaleen Toshniwal: 
July is on target. We should have, I think, finished at about INR30 crores with 
whatever spillover, INR30 crores. And I think by the end of this quarter, we 
should be hitting that round about INR100 crores mark. 
Nishant: 
Okay. So July is on target? 
Shaleen Toshniwal: 
Yes, yes. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Pushkar Jain from Mili Capital. 
Pushkar Jain: 
You said FY27, our revenue guidance is at INR1,500 crores. What is our 
margin guidance for the year, sir? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: The margin you're saying? 
Pushkar Jain: 
Yes. 
Ravindra Toshniwal: Yes. We had projected a margin of 12% EBITDA over this INR1,500 crores. 
So quarter 1 has been 9%. We hope to recover the rest in the 3 quarters that are 
to come to average out 12%. We are still maintaining that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirbhay Mahawar from N Square Capital. 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
Sir, we have invested close to INR500 crores in last 5 years, and now we are 
again talking about INR150 crores investment. And then also our revenue 
guidance is pretty muted. So as an organization, while fabric is doing pretty 
good, but as an organization, are we staying very contented with a very, I would 
say, moderate revenue growth? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: So we are trying to push our garment growth and our yarn division's ability to 
be able to predict the labor shortages and manage them better. So I think those 
2 once they start firing and all the 3 engines are working well, our growth will 
pick up well. And I think that you will begin to see that even in quarter 2. So I 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
would say that you need to watch the next 2 quarters, and then you will see 
what changes are happening to allow the growth to pick up momentum. 
 
The investments that have been made, I wouldn't look at a 5-year window, but 
I'd just say in the last 3 years or so, we've done maybe about INR350 crores, 
in which maybe about INR150 crores happened in the Fabric business and 
about INR130 crores happened in the yarn business. So the Fabric business has 
shown the results, and we will begin to continue to use this investment to grow 
further at the rate of 20% for the next 2 or 3 years with that investment. 
 
And in the yarn business, it hasn't shown the results only because we haven't 
been able to utilize the capacity due to labor. And you will see that the value-
added portion of the yarn has gone up. Last quarter, if you look at the number, 
our capacity utilization being so low, yet we managed to make money in the 
yarn business, even at a 70% capacity utilization, which is very difficult to do 
for any yarn company. 
 
So imagine if the yarn utilization goes up to 90%, you will have a really good 
top line and bottom line both happening. So the modernization maintenance 
part because of our mill being old was part of the reason why all of these 
investments have happened. That is done with. Now you will see significantly 
every investment that is happening leveraging into top line and bottom line. 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
Yes. So as an investor all for growth capex, but only input is that it's not visible 
in your top line, and I hope that this will get corrected soon in coming years. 
Ravindra Toshniwal: Thank you for your patience and being with us, but we will be endeavoring to 
show results in the next few quarters. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mohit Oberoai from EJ Capital. 
Mohit Oberoai: 
Am I audible? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: Yes, go ahead, go ahead. 
Mohit Oberoai: 
Okay. So I had a couple of questions. First is that you have maintained FY27 
revenue guidance of INR1,450 crores to INR1,500 crores despite only 4% Y-
o-Y growth in Q1. So what gives you confidence in achieving this target? And 
how much growth do you expect in the second half of the year? 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Ravindra Toshniwal: Yes. I mean, so firstly, if you look at the comparative results of Q1 from last 
financial year to this year, you'll see that it's not just a top line, but the bottom 
line has improved significantly. The major reason for the top line not 
increasing has been the labor availability in the first quarter in our spinning 
business and some dispatches being held back in the garment. 
 
That is already going to adjust in quarter 2 to a large extent. And you will see 
this probably in the Q2 and Q3, we should be able to cover up significantly and 
end with a very good quarter. So this is like -- I mean, we are leading up to the 
last quarter being the most important for us, which it always has been. 
 
But you will see improvements in quarter 2, quarter 3 and quarter 4. That's why 
we are maintaining the guidance, order book position for garments is almost 
full up to December end. Our fabric order book position is also quite good and 
is showing almost orders up to November end. So based on the order book 
position, we are giving you this kind of a guidance. 
Mohit Oberoai: 
Okay. So my second question is based on that only, that you indicated the 
Garment division is fully booked through November. Does this provide 
sufficient visibility to achieve FY27 guidance despite the weak first quarter? 
Shaleen Toshniwal: 
Yes. I think that's what Ravi ji was saying that one is we will have a little 
spillover of shipments, which will come into this quarter because of the 
logistics concerns with the West Asia crisis. So there will be some spillover of 
goods produced in the first quarter, which will go into the second quarter. 
 
And overall, the order book is very healthy. So we are expecting in garments 
probably a INR100 crores quarter for the next 3 quarters, which will take us 
close to what we were expecting around INR375 crores, INR380 crores to 
finish plus whatever export incentives, etc. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Akshay Satija from Alpha Invesco. 
Akshay Satija: 
Sir, one last final follow-up. Is anything on the Surat facility? Any movement 
there? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: Yes, Akshay, welcome back. I'll let Shaleen answer that. 
Shaleen Toshniwal: 
Yes. Thanks, Akshay. Yes, we are eagerly awaiting, obviously, to have that 
facility back in terms of available for operations. I'm happy to report that we 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
have gotten all of the approvals from GIDC and a no objection certificate and 
recommendation for de-notification from GIDC. So that was the first big 
hurdle. 
 
Now since we have that from the developer, our second job now, which we are 
currently doing is getting the no due certificate from customs to pay all of the 
duties and bring them into domestic tariff area. 
 
The last job will be the debonding part, which we have to take with the SEZ 
authorities. And we expect that these remaining 2 parts should get done within 
the next 3 months, hopefully, and definitely within the next 4 to 5 months. So 
we're hoping that we should have the facility for use in DTA by November or 
December and operational for start in, let's say, April of '27. 
Ravindra Toshniwal: So the main result of this debottlenecking and availability of the building and 
capacity in Surat will be really in FY27, '28. 
Akshay Satija: 
Okay. Okay. And all the machinery and all that we had earlier, so we'll be 
setting up those machineries or we need to modernize them and we need to 
spend some more on that also? 
Shaleen Toshniwal: 
So when we will look at restarting Surat, we would look at it in a way of 
investing fresh into Surat and completely making a modern plant with new 
machinery. And that would give us additional runway to grow the business an 
additional INR200 crores with an approximate investment of about INR50 
crores. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Nishant from Green Portfolio. 
Nishant: 
Sir, I want to ask one thing. If I step back and look at the last 10 years, sir, the 
company is basically the same size it was in FY19. Revenue, this is around 
INR1,350 crores, still below your FY23 peak of INR1,500 crores, which works 
out barely 1% growth a year over the entire decade. 
 
Now since around FY21, you have put in close to INR500 crores for capex, 
almost equal to your market cap. And your debt has climbed back to almost 
INR500 crores to fund it. But despite all that spending, your operating margin 
this year FY26 is only about INR9 crores, INR9.5 crores, still below the 11%, 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
12% of the year you were earning before the capex, like nowhere near the 14% 
you had earned in FY23 peak. 
 
And now sir, I'll give you the full credit. The product mix has generally 
improved with fabric and garments taking a bigger share. But here's my honest 
question. After all these money and a better mix, the company is no bigger and 
no more profitable than it was years ago. So what is generally different this 
time versus the last deacde? I want to know this, sir? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: Yes. I mean, so if you look at the decade ago, we had the joint venture with the 
French company that got dissolved. And we had made a lot of investment then 
into various spinning capacities, fabric capacities and finishing capacities, 
because of the dissolution of the joint venture, we lost those sales. So over this 
last decade, we have had to build back. 
 
And we've been able to do that, I think, very successfully now. We have, in 
fact, a much better product mix and a much better company than what it was a 
decade ago. So the potential to come back much stronger has happened based 
without any joint venture, without any particular partnership, which we have 
to share. 
 
And I think that your potential lies now in the fact that the market in India 
where you're replacing the Chinese products has matured to a level where most 
of the importers of the Chinese goods are coming to us and looking at us as the 
preferred source in the domestic market. 
 
And even the export market with the changes that has happened as we spoke 
about in the FTAs that the country has done, that has helped us enormously to 
be able to now get this potential to grow in our Garment business. So I think 
the scenario is completely changed from 10 years ago to what it is now and the 
potential of what we see ahead in the next 10 years will be completely different 
from what we had in the past 10. I think there's really no comparison. 
Shaleen Toshniwal: 
And I'd just like to add one thing from a garment perspective, and that is if we 
look maybe going back 6, 7 years, 8 years, we were probably 80% reliant on 
domestic business and only about 20% on export. Since then, particularly in 
the last 2, 3 years, where we've made a concerted effort on bringing on and 
building relationships with larger export customers. And now we've reached a 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
situation where about 60% export and 40% domestic. But I wouldn't be 
surprised at the end of the year if we're even inching towards 70% of export. 
 
And the target is to even get all the further growth to come with by leveraging 
these FTAs, by leveraging the relationship with larger customers. And I think 
when we are exporting, we have a better chance of improving our earnings. So 
I think on the garment front, I'm hopeful that with this shift towards moving 
more with a greater focus towards exports, our realization and earnings will be 
better. 
Nishant: 
Okay. So sir, how much we can expect so your exports would increase your 
margin 1%, 2%, 3%. If you can give us the hint on it? 
Shaleen Toshniwal: 
If I would put it this way, I think in domestic, if we are dependent only in 
domestic today, it's very difficult to survive even. You're probably losing a 
little bit of money on each order. And with garment, at least you'll have the 
opportunity to earn 10%, 12% EBITDA, and that will be our target. So from a 
situation of probably coming of low 3%, 4% EBITDA, we will probably move 
higher to 8%, 10% EBITDA and possibly even push to 12%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirbhay Mahawar from N Square Capital. 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
Yes. This is just a feedback on our Garment division's performance. While I 
appreciate all the hard work company is putting in, but somehow, I feel that 
we are lacking aggression. And in the similar time frame in last 4, 5 years, there 
are enough companies, enough number of domestic players who have scaled 
up operation and delivered well in domestic as well as international front. So I 
hope we look into our competitors and try to learn some lessons from them. 
Shaleen Toshniwal: 
Thank you. And I want to assure you that we're on that journey. It has taken a 
bit longer. And I think the shutting down of the Surat facility, which was a 
conscious decision so that we could move into a DTA, which would allow us 
more flexibility and better earnings overall. Once that opens up, we'll have the 
pathway with limited, what you call, capex required and the potential for 
greater growth and runway. And we will completely optimize our utilization 
of our existing facilities in Daman this year. 
 
So we are looking at closing close to about INR400 crores this year. As I 
mentioned before, the order book is looking very healthy, and we're looking at 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
least the next 2 quarters booked out at INR100 crores. I expect the same for the 
last quarter as well. And we have good plans for further growth in the coming 
year as well. 
Ravindra Toshniwal: I'd like to also say that Shaleen has joined the investor call for the first time 
this time. And going forward, he will be there for all of the other calls as well 
so that he can address all your concerns on the Garment business directly. And 
we are well apprised that this is the growth area with a lot of potential to it, and 
I'm sure we'll be working very hard towards achieving it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Palkesh Jain from Transparent Value. 
Palkesh Jain: 
So a couple of questions from my side also. So first question is like what 
percentage of your current exports are from U.K.? And what share do you 
expect the U.K. market to contribute over the medium term? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: So we'll break up the exports to the U.K. exports in terms of fabric to different 
destinations, including other garment factories in India, Vietnam and even 
Bangladesh. I think the fabric part of our total business exposure to the U.K. is 
about INR70 crores, INR80 crores on an annual basis. On the garment part, 
Shaleen can tell you more how much we are doing. 
Shaleen Toshniwal: 
On the garment, currently, it is pretty moderate. It's about INR20 crores to 
INR25 crores. But we have now got a good inquiry pipeline, and we expect 
this to double next year to at least INR50 crores. And then thereby, there will 
be a good possibility of further increasing it in the years to come. 
Palkesh Jain: 
One more question. So beyond the U.K., how do you see sourcing trends 
evolving across Europe and the U.S.? 
Shaleen Toshniwal: 
Yes. Again, on the garment side, we feel very good about the growth prospects 
in the EU. We've got 2 anchor customers in the EU already engaging with us, 
almost close to about INR100 crores worth of revenue between Mango and 
Celio. And we have already onboarded a giant like C&A, and we've started 
trial orders with them this year. 
 
So I expect that there will -- plus we have some other customers in Europe, and 
there will be good growth prospects going forward in Europe, and we're 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
hopeful that this EU operationalization should happen by end December, early 
January, fingers crossed. 
Ravindra Toshniwal: Yes. And then on the fabric front as well, there is not just growth in our own 
Garment division, but there is growth happening across the country in garment 
capacity. So various kinds of garments even of the type that we don't make 
because we specialize in pants and jackets. But our fabric portfolio now has 
moved into womenswear dress materials and even certain specialized shirting. 
 
So the fabric forward FTA will make it very useful for people to take fabric 
from India and make garments in India. Only then will they really get the 
benefit of the zero duty into the U.K. This will give us a big thrust. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you. 
Ravindra Toshniwal: Right. So thank you, everyone, for a very interesting and useful question-and-
answer session. To conclude, I'd like to thank all of our stakeholders for their 
continued trust and confidence in Banswara Syntex. Our focus remains on 
executing our strategy with consistency, improving our product mix, 
strengthening our customer relationships and improving our operational 
efficiencies across the business. 
 
We believe the opportunities ahead are significant and the strong foundation 
we have built in with that, we remain confident of delivering the sustainable 
growth to create long-term value. Thank you, everyone, and look forward to 
meeting you again in the next conference call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Banswara Syntex Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
