 
 
Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
(Formerly known as Seshaasai Business Forms Limited) 
Registered Office: 
9, Lalwani Industrial Estate, 14, Katrak Road 
Wadala, Mumbai – 400031 
Tel,: +91 22 66270919/99 
Email: info@seshaasai.com  I  Website: www.seshaasai.com I CIN No.: L21017MH1993PLC074023 
 
July 31, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
 
Department of Corporate Services 
 
The Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
 
 
Exchange Plaza,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
 
 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
 
Mumbai - 400051 
 
Scrip Code: 544533 
 
 
 
Symbol: STYL 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call.  
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Further to our letters dated July 20, 2026 and July 23, 2026, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call held on July 24, 2026. 
 
The same is also being made available on the Company’s website: https://seshaasai.com/media-news/investor/
 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours Sincerely, 
 
For Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
(formerly known as Seshaasai Business Forms Limited)
 
 
Manali Siddharth Shah 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
Encl: as above 
MANALI 
SIDDHART
H SHAH
Digitally signed by 
MANALI 
SIDDHARTH SHAH 
Date: 2026.07.31 
13:47:42 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 24, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRAGNYAT LALWANI – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – SESHAASAI 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. GAUTAM JAIN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
SESHAASAI TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. PAVAN KUMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– SESHAASAI TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: MR. PRATIK JAGTAP – E&Y LLP, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Seshaasai Technologies Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Pratik Jagtap from EY Investor Relations. Thank you and over to you 
sir. 
Pratik Jagtap: 
Thank you, Alarik. Welcome everyone and thanks for joining Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Call. The results and presentation have already been mailed to you, and you 
can also view them on our website at www.seshaasai.com. In case anyone does not have the 
copy of investor presentation or press release, please do write to us and we will be happy to share 
them with you. 
 
To take us through the results today, we have the management of the company represented by 
Pragnyat Lalwani, Chairman and Managing Director, Gautam Jain, Whole-time Director, and 
Pavan Kumar, Chief Financial Officer. Pragnyat will start the call with a brief overview of the 
company and business update, which will be then followed by Pavan, who will take us through 
the financial performance for the quarter, and then we will open the floor for Q&A session. 
 
As usual, I would like to remind you that anything that is mentioned in this call, which reflects 
any outlook for the future, or which can be construed as a forward-looking statements must be 
viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that we face. These risks and uncertainties 
are included but not limited to what we have mentioned in the prospectus filed with SEBI and 
subsequent annual reports that you can find on our website. 
 
Having said that, I will now hand over the call to Pragnyat ji. Over to you, sir. 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
Thanks Pratik. Good day everyone and thank you for joining us today for the Q1 FY27 earnings 
call. I hope all of you have had the opportunity to review our financial results and presentation. 
So, let me quickly discuss the business highlights for the first quarter of FY27. Post that, Pavan 
will take you through the financial update. 
 
We are pleased to report a strong start to FY27 with a superb revenue growth of 21.1% on             
Y-o-Y basis reflecting the strength of our diversified business model and continued execution 
of our strategic priorities. 
 
While the quarter witnessed some pressure on gross margins from the material cost mix due to 
rising geopolitical issues, however, disciplined execution and operating efficiencies enabled us 
to deliver growth in EBITDA and maintain healthy margins. We remain focused on driving 
sustainable growth, improving the quality of earnings, and building a resilient, future-ready 
business. 
 
During the quarter, we witnessed healthy demand across our key business verticals, supported 
by deeper customer engagement, increasing adoption of our technology-led solutions, and strong 
momentum in our non-payment businesses. Communication and fulfillment and IoT solutions 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
delivered encouraging performance, further strengthening our revenue mix and reinforcing the 
benefits of our diversification strategy. 
 
We continue to invest in innovation, automation, and technology capabilities that will support 
long-term growth across our businesses. We would like to update that our Nagpur and Bengaluru 
facilities are still under construction. We expect the Bengaluru facility to be operational by the 
end of the calendar year after the necessary regulatory approvals. 
 
In this quarter, we won two multi-year tenders from leading PSU banks, which represent 
approximately INR 73 crores in revenue over the tender period.  
In terms of business segment update –  
Our payment solutions contributed 42% to total revenue in Q1 FY27 and saw a nominal growth 
of 5% on Y-o-Y basis. We continue to see healthy demand and deeper customer engagement. 
Our strong relationships and proven execution capability continue to support business 
momentum. Our premium metal card business continues to gain strong traction and remains an 
important growth driver within the payment solutions segment. We are witnessing increasing 
adoption from banks and Fintech partners as institutions seek to enhance customer engagement 
and differentiate their premium offerings. This category not only offers us superior margins but 
also strengthens our position in the high-value card issuance market. We continue to expand our 
manufacturing capabilities to meet the growing demand for our metal cards, with the capacity 
expansion underway at our Bengaluru facility. We are well-positioned to support both domestic 
and international opportunities in this space. We are also seeing encouraging traction from global 
markets, particularly in Europe and Africa, which provides an additional avenue for growth 
going forward. 
 
Communication and fulfillment solutions contributed 40% to total revenue in Q1 FY27 and 
witnessed a growth of 13% on Y-o-Y basis. Our communication and fulfillment solutions 
business also delivered steady performance backed by recurring requirements from BFSI, 
enterprise, and government customers. As Indian enterprises continue to invest in digitalization, 
automation, cloud-led communication infrastructure, and secure customer engagement 
platforms, we see strong relevance for our solutions. This segment continues to provide stability 
to our overall business and supports our objective of building a more balanced revenue mix. 
 
IoT solutions contributed 18% to total revenue in Q1 FY27 and witnessed a growth of 145% on 
Y-o-Y basis. Our IoT solutions business remained a key growth driver during this quarter. 
Within our IoT business, RFID continues to emerge as a significant long-term opportunity. 
Enterprises across retail, logistics, pharmaceuticals, food supply chains, and manufacturing are 
increasingly adopting RFID-led traceability and automation solutions to improve visibility, 
compliance, and operational efficiency. We believe the market is still in the early stages of 
adoption and offers substantial headroom for growth. Our strategy remains focused on moving 
beyond standalone RFID tags towards providing integrated end-to-end traceability solutions that 
combine hardware, software, data intelligence, and supply chain orchestration capabilities. This 
differentiated approach allows us to create greater value for customers while improving the 
quality of our revenue mix. 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
 
We are particularly excited about the opportunities in the pharmaceutical traceability, where 
regulatory requirements, product authentication needs, and supply chain visibility are driving 
industry-wide investments. We have continued to make progress through customer 
engagements, pilot projects, and infrastructure readiness, positioning ourselves well to capitalize 
on this opportunity over the coming years. 
 
We continue to make encouraging progress in our SIM and eSIM businesses. Following the 
successful commercial rollout of SIM card production, we are strengthening engagements with 
telecom operators and expanding our presence in the digital connectivity ecosystem. With our 
unique certification stack, secure personalization capabilities and integrated eSIM platform, we 
are well-positioned to capitalize on the growing adoption of eSIM technology and enterprise IoT 
applications in the years ahead. 
 
With rising demand for real-time tracking, inventory visibility, asset monitoring, and 
technology-led operational efficiency, we believe our IoT portfolio is well-placed to scale 
further over the coming years. 
 
As of now, we operate in a challenging environment impacted by geopolitical uncertainties, 
currency fluctuations, and cost pressures. While these factors may create some near-term 
headwinds, we are actively working with customers on price revisions and taking steps to protect 
margins and maintain healthy profitability. At the same time, management remains focused on 
strengthening supply chain agility through diversified sourcing and strategic inventory 
management, helping us respond effectively to changing market conditions and ensure business 
continuity. Importantly, our business fundamentals remain strong. 
 
We have built deep relationships with customers, suppliers, and partners over the years, which 
help us navigate short-term challenges and position us well for future growth as global 
conditions improve. We continue to see healthy demand across our key verticals, supported by 
strong customer engagement and a solid pipeline. 
 
Looking ahead, given the nature of our business, we expect H2 FY27 to be stronger driven by 
seasonal pickup in BFSI demand, and steady momentum in the communication and fulfillment 
businesses, and continued growth in the IoT segment. These factors along with our disciplined 
execution give us confidence in our outlook for the rest of the year. 
To summarize, Q1 FY27 was a strong start to the year with healthy performance across all three 
verticals. While global uncertainties remain, we are confident in the strength of our diversified 
revenue mix, recurring business base, strong customer relationships, and focus on future-ready 
technologies. These strengths support our medium-term target of delivering revenue growth of 
8% to 12%. We remain committed to creating long-term value for all our stakeholders while 
continuing to invest in future growth opportunities that will drive the next phase of our journey.  
Thank you for your continued trust and support. We look forward to updating you on our 
progress in the coming quarters. 
With that, I will now request Pavan to take you through the financial and operational highlights 
for the quarter. Over to you, Pavan. 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Pavan Kumar: 
Thank you, Pragnyat sir. Good day everyone and thank you for joining our Q1 FY27 earnings 
call. Let me start with a quick summary of our performance for the quarter gone by.  
In Q1 FY27, our revenue from operations stood at INR 377 crores, up 21.1% Y-o-Y and down 
6.9% Q-o-Q. While revenue shows healthy year-on-year growth, it moderated sequentially 
versus Q4 FY26. Historically, Q4 is the strongest quarter in terms of revenue. This moderation 
has to be seen from that perspective. Gross profit increased by 13.3% to INR 157 crores. Gross 
margin moderated to 41.7% in Q1 FY27 from 44.5% in Q1 FY26 as cost of materials consumed 
increased faster than revenue. 
The cost of material consumed for Q1 FY27 came in at 58.34%, which is about 411 bps higher 
than the average 54.23% COMC (cost of material consumed) for FY26. Traditionally, H1 
revenues are lower than H2 revenues, and hence higher costs show in H1. Due to the product 
mix and operating leverage, COMC would be lower in H2, as played out in Q4 of last financial 
year as well. 
EBITDA for the quarter came in at INR 94 crores with an EBITDA margin of 25.1%,  an increase 
of 135 bps Y-o-Y. Despite the pressure on gross margin, disciplined management of employee 
and other operating costs supported profitability.  
Profit before tax increased by 48.8% Y-o-Y to INR 82 crores, supported by operating growth 
and a substantial reduction in the finance cost. 
Our PAT for the quarter stood at INR 60 crores, registering a growth of 63.8% Y-o-Y with 
margin at 16%, up 418 bps Y-o-Y.  
In terms of revenue mix across our core verticals, payment solutions continue to be the largest 
vertical, which contributed 42% of the revenue, followed by communication and fulfilment at 
40% and IoT solutions at 18% in Q1 FY27. 
The top 10 customers contributed almost 56% of our revenues, and more than 95% of our 
revenues came from existing clients, showcasing the stickiness of client relationships and strong 
renewal and repeat business characteristics of our business model.  
On the balance sheet and cash flow front, we remain well- capitalized. As of 30th June 2026, we 
had cash and cash equivalents of INR 369 crores. With respect to the IPO proceeds, utilization 
remains in line with the stated objects of the issue. During Q1, a total of INR 24.4 crores were 
deployed, primarily towards capex of INR 6.7 crores, GCP of INR 13.7 crores, and issue 
expenses of INR 3.9 crores. 
Overall, Q1 FY27 marked a strong start to the year, reflecting the strength of our diversified 
business and disciplined execution. As we continue to invest in growth and technology, our 
healthy margins, strong balance sheet, and diversified revenue streams provide a solid platform 
to support the next phase of our growth journey.  
Thank you once again for joining us. With this, I hand it back to the moderator to open the floor 
for the Q&A session. 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Deeya Jain with Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deeya Jain: 
Hi sir, thank you for the opportunity. So, we have performed really well on a year-on-year basis, 
so how should we look at the whole year in terms of revenue and margins? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
See, as I said in my opening remarks, we foresee a growth of about 8% to 12% on a year on year 
basis on the revenue compared to last year from a growth perspective. And on the margin, as a 
matter of practice, we really don't put out specific EBITDA or PAT numbers, and that position 
hasn't changed. But what we are happy to give a visibility on the drivers rather than the outcome. 
You know, what is our order book? What are execution timelines or capacity utilization? These 
are generally moving parts at the moment, including the geopolitical situation and the input cost 
escalation. Any precise number we give you today, probably would be false precision. So, since 
these are not within our control, what we commit to do is being transparent on how these factors 
which are affecting our margins play out and share that with you quarter-on-quarter. So, we can 
give you the building blocks of the input parameters, which can help you build your own view 
and hold ourselves accountable on those building blocks rather than actually giving specific 
margin numbers at this point. 
Deeya Jain: 
Okay sir. So, can you please share how many SIMs we've rolled out so far? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
Yeah. So, we've been working with a large telecom operator over the last four to five months. 
And I would say we probably are right now doing close to 20% of their requirement of the pre 
and post-paid SIMs that they require. You know, it is the third-largest telecom operator in the 
country. We are currently catering to 20% to 25% of their requirement of the SIMs. 
Deeya Jain: 
Okay sir, thank you. I'll get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Mohit Sukhani with IIFL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Sukhani: 
Good evening. First of all, congratulations on the great result. I have a couple of questions for 
you. First of all, our gross margin has been down sharply both on Q-o-Q and Y-o-Y basis. So, I 
wanted to know how much of this impact is due to negative operating leverage, which would be 
recovered at a later stage, and how much impact would be due to pricing and rupee depreciation? 
And further, can we pass on these cost to the customers? Also, what would be the expected gross 
margins for the full financial year 2027? 
My second question would be what would be the broad capacity utilization in each of the 
segments? And what are your plans for new capacity additions in the segments? And overall, if 
you can provide insights on overall capital expenditure that would be spent in this financial year. 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
Thanks Mohit. So basically, on the gross margin part, as you know, H2 of the year, traditionally 
for us, is always better than H1. So, typically, over there two things that play out for us very 
favourably. One is the nature of the product mix that constitutes our H2 revenue, and also the 
operating leverage that plays out. 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Now, right now probably the input costs that have impacted our cost of goods sold here in the 
first quarter are predominantly the entire war-related impact. Now, this has got probably two or 
three-fold impact. One is obviously the direct impact on the currency, and then there is an impact 
which is the outcome of the war in terms of the commodity pricing, the logistics, and the freight 
cost. So maybe 40% to 45% of impact is directly attributable to currency, and the remaining 
probably is due to the direct impact of the war on the input costs.  
Mohit, to answer your question regarding how the operating leverage would play out, probably 
you can actually look at our last year's number of Q1 versus Q4. As you see, every quarter last 
year, as we progressed and the revenues have improved quarter-on-quarter, the operating 
leverage has played out, wherein our gross margins and EBITDA margins have improved. So, 
we see no reason why, all other things being equal, as you know, the macroeconomic situation 
is not in our control, but assuming that things don't get worse from here on, I think the operating 
leverage definitely should play in as we go on quarter-by-quarter and we have better numbers 
coming in. 
The second question of yours was about capacity utilization. So, capacity utilization, typically 
for us, in our business currently is around 65% to 70%. Having said that, this also has a cyclical 
nature to it. So, typically, when customers have higher renewal cycle demands or there are 
month-end loads of customers, we also reach about 85% to 90% of our capacity utilization, but 
on average we tend to be in the 65% to 70% range. 
On the capacity-addition front, as we shared earlier, we are setting up a completely new 
greenfield facility for metal cards in Bengaluru, which we see is almost in the ready state. Now 
we will be getting into the certification and the compliance processing, and we feel by Q4,we 
should be into that process. Before the end of this calendar year, that facility should be 
operational, which will add significantly to our metal card capacity. 
And on the capital expenditure side, we are on plan to use our IPO proceeds as per the stated 
objects therein, and we will probably maintain the range we have said earlier, about INR 140 
crores to INR 160 crores per year of capital expenditure, even in this financial year. Just to say 
that we see this opportunity for us to reinforce our position across all three verticals. So, we 
continue to invest strongly and use this opportunity to deepen our capacities, being ready for the 
times to come in the following years to take growth ahead. So, investments areas per plan. 
Mohit Sukhani: 
Okay, got it. And further, can you please tell us what would be the gross margin percentage for 
the full financial year if I'm considering the financial year as a whole? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
See, essentially, as we said earlier, and as a matter of practice, we don't put out specific margin 
figures here. What we're happy to give you is the drivers rather than the actual outcome, as I've 
said earlier. So, from here on, we see the H2, as I said, is going to be better than H1. That is 
going to definitely help us in our operating leverage. 
It's also the product mix. Typically, that part of the year has better product mix for us compared 
to the H1, which will again aid to us for the improving margins. Now, assuming that the 
macroeconomic situation does not change, we see no reason for any dramatic change in the 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
margin numbers that we are having at this point in time. But we think probably the operating 
leverage and the product mix should only help us improve the margins from here on. 
Mohit Sukhani: 
Okay. And also, can you give some insights about the order book and any future growth in the 
order book? At what rate would our order book be growing in the future? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
So, right now we have a steady order pipeline basis which we have given our guidance for the 
year. And, as you know our business is essentially back-to-back, with the demand being put to 
us by the customers. So, right now, basically the visibility that customers have given us is what 
our guidance is based on. And as and when we receive further in the coming quarters, we shall 
share it with you from time-to-time. 
Mohit Sukhani: 
Okay sure. Thank you so much for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Zaki Nasser with Nasser Investment. Please go ahead. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Sir, congratulations on a strong set of numbers. You have indicated in the last call, that margins 
will be maintained at current levels. So, do we assume that Q1 could be a base for the current 
year? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
So, as I've explained before Nasser, that the Q1 numbers, if you see is an outcome of the inputs, 
I'm talking about the absolute margin, and also the operational leverage that we get and the 
product mix that we have. So, other things being equal, what we feel is that, as the quarters go 
by and more of operating leverage kicks in and product mix plays out as per what visibility we 
have now. We feel there should be a margin improvement as we go along, but we don't see any 
dramatic change in the margin from where we are now. The current macroeconomic situation, 
as you know is very uncertain, but assuming that nothing untoward happens on the 
macroeconomic front, we feel that the margin should definitely have a positive bias as we go on. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Sir, and with payment solution being our single largest vertical, how do you foresee changes in 
this segment on a macro level whereas the UPI is gaining traction? Do you think that your cards 
business would be affected because of this? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
In fact, it's a good question. See the UPI play out on the card consumption is something which 
has been to our mind, already played out in the past few years. And we also feel strongly that 
UPI does not directly impact card issuances. See we as an organization are more concerned about 
card issuances rather than the number of transactions happening on a card. 
So typically, here, especially on the credit card side, the credit cards have their associated 
benefits for issuances by the issuers and it could be some discount offered through an alliance 
partner, or it could be some scheme that is running on the card, which obviously UPI will not 
offer. So, I'm saying from that perspective, on the credit card side, it has its own value 
proposition. 
On the debit card side, again, customers tend to always keep a card in addition to the UPI 
transactions that they do. Now what we need to see going forward, as we have been seeing in 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
the media, is that there is going to be MDR applied on UPI. The government is contemplating 
of transactions above certain threshold to be charged with MDR. 
Now, right now, the users have been very used to absolute zero charge on UPI. As time goes by, 
MDR being charged on UPI could be another factor which would, in fact, completely obliterate 
the difference between a UPI and a card because MDR would believable on both. 
So, from our perspective, our customers have given us their plans, obviously, and the volume 
forecast basis which we make our business plans, which have already factored in the UPI impact, 
or the UPI aspect, into it. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Sir, so you feel that part of UPI versus card has played out and the cards will remain stable going 
forward? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
See the answer to that question also, sir, if you see in the last one year, the UPI saturation level 
is almost hit the ceiling, right? If you see, the UPI transactions are going up, but probably the 
UPI user base is not really going up as much as it was going up in the earlier years. It's almost 
reached close to saturation level. 
So that also undermines our whole position that the UPI impact has kind of played out. And also, 
one more thing just to tell you, is that the payment solutions business for us is also not just 
coming from the cards issued. See, we are also very focused on playing the value proposition 
here in terms of two or three things, right. 
One, how is it that, with Gen Z and the wealth segment in our country growing, we also cater to 
the niche premiumization space which customers want, which definitely has higher ASPs. 
Customers are wanting the sustainability around the cards being issued today, how is it that we 
bring sustainable card solutions, because every organization has its own environmental and 
sustainability objectives. 
And then, obviously, there's a metal card aspect to it, for which we are investing heavily into our 
infrastructure and capacity. So, we look at a payment solutions revenue build-up as both a 
volume-driven growth and a value-driven growth for the existing volume, right. 
So, this is how we kind of look at this. Also, you know, we've just begun the very nascent stages 
now of exporting our cards from here to Africa and Europe, and we also would like to see, as 
time goes by, in our premium products how to leverage the India manufacturing advantage to 
further probably use this channel for fuelling our growth. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Fantastic sir. And if I may just add another sub-question to this, Seshaasai has been an enabler 
in the sphere of payment solution, so would you ever think of us entering the thing as a payment 
gateway kind of a organization sir? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
Sir, if I may just suggest, Seshaasai as an organization, if you see, we've been typically focused 
on two or three things as our, maybe I have repeated this earlier also, as our mantras for any 
business that we enter into. We try to get into businesses which require high-end technology 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
with a compliance moat or a technology moat which requires a typically a physical product to 
be delivered, which can scale along with time, and which is done on a decentralized basis.  
So, from a payment aggregator solutions perspective, I would say this space is already having 
players, and we would have ample opportunity in the current offerings that we have within the 
payment ecosystem itself. As time goes by, we will share details with you as things fructify, but 
we have a lot of interesting adjacencies in the current product offerings themselves, which are 
of immense need to our customers. 
So, our energy, our focus, and R&D is right now on logical adjacencies, where we do not have 
to invest too much in additional infrastructure, and where we can probably leverage on the 
current infrastructure and current resources to build up the adjacencies. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Thank you sir, good to hear that you are not looking at that area. Best wishes for the year sir. 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pritesh from Lucky Investments. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh: 
Sir, can you call out the growth of the individual segments if you had to look at next two to three 
years CAGR? For the cards, eSIM and the RFID tags businesses, at what pace should these three 
businesses grow separately? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
So, as we said last year our IoT segment we've grown at around 45% year on year. So, this year 
also, we expect it to grow at a similar nature. Probably in the following year, with the base being 
higher, we haven't really given a visibility on the growth for the following year. 
 
So, I think that should be again in the range of 35% to 40% in the following year. So, between 
financial year '27-'28, we expect the IoT business growth to be in that range. Historically, it has 
been at 45% in the previous year, it'll be in the 45% this year as well. 
Pritesh: 
Okay. And the cards business? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
See, the communication fulfilment business, we expect that to be remain in the flattish range for 
the coming years. The payment solution business, the growth driver that we have factored in is 
about10% to 12% growth CAGR.   
Pavan Kumar: 
 Hi, Pritesh. So as Mr. Pragnyat mentioned, we expect the IoT business to grow. Last year, we 
grew close to 45%, we expect a similar percentage growth on IoT business. Communication and 
fulfilment, we expect that to be more or less flat. We achieved almost close to 30% growth last 
year. 
 
Payment solutions we expect a decent growth over this year and next year. Maybe, as we go 
along, we need to see how the product mix evolves and other opportunities evolve. Overall, 
internally, we have a plan of close to 12% CAGR, which is what we had indicated earlier in the 
year. 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Pritesh: 
Okay. And chronology of margins? So, if one has to understand just the chronology of margin 
in the three businesses, where should the IoT business stand on the margin? 
Pavan Kumar: 
So, typically, we've not separately given our margins per se across the three verticals. There are 
multiple adjacencies and common costs across the three verticals. So, we have our blended 
EBITDA, which we've done close to about 25% this quarter. More or less the businesses are in 
that range only. Payment solutions and IoT are more or less the same. Communication fulfilment 
is slightly lower. 
Pritesh: 
Okay, thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pratik Banthia with Fermi325 Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Pratik Banthia: 
Hi, congratulations on a strong set of numbers, especially the IoT vertical. I just wanted to 
understand what was the capacity utilization in this quarter for the SIM card business? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
For the SIM card business, Pratik, we were close to around 40% capacity utilization. 
Pratik Banthia: 
Okay. And another question I had was on the insurance clients that we have. We seem to have 
about five insurance companies as clients. So, I just wanted to understand, are those clients up 
for re-tendering or have they moved to another player? As per your slide, I think the number of 
insurance companies that you were serving is down from, let's say, 13 to 10 life insurance 
companies this quarter, and from 9 to 7 in general insurance company. So, are they opening 
another tender for their business again? 
Pavan Kumar: 
No Pratik, so, the customers that typically have churned out in insurance are customers who 
were doing very nominal business with us, you know, almost zero. They've gone completely 
digital, and there's probably very less business that we were doing with them over these years. 
So, one of the cases was that none of these specific customers have gone in for a re-tender. So, 
we've not lost any business. The customers who kind of transitioned had very nominal business 
with us over last few years anyways. 
Pratik Banthia: 
Okay, got it. Great to know. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Siddharth Daga with S.N. Daga & Company. Please 
go ahead. 
Siddharth Dagha: 
Hi, good evening to the management, and congratulations for the great set of numbers.  So, my 
question was related to the IoT business. In Q1, we have grown over north of 100% on Y-o-Y 
basis. So now when you're telling me that the IoT business is to grow at the rate of 45%, are we 
signalling any slowdown in the business in the coming quarters? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
No, basically, if you see, last year our Q3 and Q4 in the IoT business was very strong. So, there's 
no slowdown, the growth remains intact. So, you know typically we probably are looking at 
almost doubling the number of what we were at last year. 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
 
So, the growth typically is going to be there. It's just that the first and second quarter of last year 
were slightly weak. So, the growth looks slightly more exaggerated, but the growth traction 
remains in as per plan, and we should be able to probably have IoT still contribute close to 15% 
to 18% of our revenue at the end of the year. 
Siddharth Dagha: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Deeya Jain with Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deeya Jain: 
Hi sir, thank you for the follow-up. So, the Bengaluru facility that is going to commercialize by 
end of this year, can we expect meaningful revenues from FY’28? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
Definitely. 
Deeya Jain: 
Would you like to quantify or give us any targets? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
I think it's too early for us to do that, but all I can say is we're hoping it contributes something 
even in this year, but for certainly it will start contributing next year onwards. 
Deeya Jain: 
Okay sir, thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pulkit Singhal with Dalmus Capital Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
 Hi, thank you for the opportunity. My question is on raw material price trends. When you look 
at the payment solution business, how much is the chip prices up on a Y-o-Y basis, and at what 
pricing do we have the inventory currently? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
So, I think the chip prices, more or less, from whatever that we've procured in the first calendar 
quarter of this year has remained kind of flattish, okay? So, there's no, drastic change in the chip 
pricing, just that the dollar impact on the chip pricing because chip pricing is always in USD. 
So, the dollar impact on chip pricing plays out basically. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
On a Y-o-Y basis, the chip pricing you're saying is flattish in the dollar terms? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
We've had some marginal improvement in the chip pricing, but it's got more than offset by the 
dollar impact.  
Pulkit Singhal: 
And going ahead, you don't see chip prices increasing for your chip? I mean, I'm assuming you 
had some inventory, and that is why the chip price must be lower for you, but the current prices 
in the market could be a lot higher, right? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
No. So, that's reflected by our working capital days also, the strategy that we've adopted over the 
last couple of quarters is to increase our inventory holding of chips for both for IoT business and 
the payment solutions business. So, that allows us to basically get better pricing because of the 
inventory holding at the pricing. 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
And also, as of now, we don't have any. We have a forward bias that probably sometime next 
year things, you know, could be different. We don't have very clear indications, but right now, 
for us, the lead times have gone up from the suppliers.  
We haven't yet seen the price impact playing out. We're watching the situation very closely and, 
as we get indications of any upward price revision, we'll have to take appropriate action in terms 
of managing our supply chain and also engaging with our customers appropriately. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing remarks. 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
We thank all the participants for joining us today, and we assure you that we remain committed 
to very good profitable growth and ensure that we give meaningful returns to our stakeholders. 
It was lovely interacting with all of you. Thanks once again for joining the call today. 
Pavan Kumar: 
Thank you all for joining us today. It was lovely interacting with you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Seshaasai Technologies, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
