 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited  
(Formerly known iValue Infosolutions Private Limited)  
No. 903/1/1, 19th Main Road, 4th Sector,  
H.S.R. Layout, Bangalore – 560102, Karnataka, India  
CIN: L72200KA2008PLC045995|GST: 29AABCI8601B1ZW 
www.ivaluegroup.com | info@ivalue.co.in  
Tel: 080-22221143 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  August 04, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Trading Symbol: IVALUE  
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 544523  
 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
The Transcript of the discussion on the Company’s Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and 
Consolidated) for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, presented during the analyst meet held on July 29, 
2026, 
is 
attached 
herewith 
and 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://ivaluegroup.com/en-in/investor-analyst-corner/  
 
The analyst/investors meet commenced at 06.30 P.M (IST) and concluded at 07:45 P.M. (IST) on July 29, 
2026.  
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours Sincerely, 
 
For iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
Lakshmammanni 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A51625 
 
 
LAKSHMA
MMANNI
Digitally signed by 
LAKSHMAMMANNI 
Date: 2026.08.04 
19:12:05 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
“iValue Infosolutions Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 29, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUNIL PILLAI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – IVALUE INFOSOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
MR. KRISHNA RAJ SHARMA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
IVALUE INFOSOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
MR. SWAROOP MUVVALA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – IVALUE INFOSOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRATIK JAGTAP – E&Y LLP, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 

 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the iValue Infosolutions Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone 
phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pratik Jagtap from EY Investor Relations. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Pratik Jagtap: 
Thank you, Rayo. Good evening, everyone, and thanks for joining the Q1 FY27 earnings call of 
iValue Infosolutions Limited. The results have been mailed to you along with the investor 
presentation and it will also be available at www.ivaluegroup.com. In case anyone does not have 
the copy of investor presentation, please do write to us and we will be happy to share it with 
you. 
 
To take us through the results today, we have the top management with us. Sunil Kumar Pillai, 
Chairman and Managing Director; Krishna Raj Sharma, Executive Director; and Venkata Naga 
Swaroop Muvvala, Chief Financial Officer. Sunil will start the call with a brief overview and 
business update, and then Swaroop will take us through the financial performance for the quarter. 
Then we will open the floor for a Q&A session. 
 
Before we start, I would like to remind you that anything that is mentioned on the call that 
reflects any outlook for the future or which can be construed as a forward-looking statement 
must be viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that we face. These risks and 
uncertainties are included but not limited to what we have mentioned in the prospectus filed with 
SEBI and subsequent annual reports that you can find on our website. Having said that, I will 
now hand over the call to Sunil. Over to you, Sunil. 
Sunil Pillai: 
Hello. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us for the Q1 FY27 earnings call. We 
are pleased to begin FY27 with a decent performance, which reflects the strength of our business 
model, diversified technology portfolio and disciplined execution. 
 
During the quarter, we delivered gross sales of INR 641 crores, a growth of approx  6% on year-
on-year basis, and a PAT of INR approx 16 crores, a growth of 52% on year-on-year basis. As 
indicated in the earlier call, our business continues to follow its natural rhythm, with H2 
contributing meaningfully higher than H1, both in terms of revenue and profitability, driven by 
enterprise budget cycles and deal closures towards year end. 
 
In short, FY27 has started broadly in line with our expectations. We continue to see strong 
momentum across our core technology segments, backed by healthy customer demand, 
increasing annuity revenues, and strong engagement with both OEM partners and system 
integrators. 
 
Our differentiated positioning as a strategic technology advisor continues to help us win larger 
and more complex solution-led opportunities across enterprises, BFSI, government, healthcare, 
telecom, and manufacturing sectors. Customers today are no longer evaluating technologies in 

 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
isolation. They are, in fact, seeking integrated outcome-driven solutions that combine 
infrastructure, cybersecurity, cloud, data platforms, and managed services. This is precisely 
where iValue’s capabilities, multi-OEM ecosystem, and deep solution architecture expertise 
create meaningful value.  
 
Growth during the quarter was driven by cybersecurity, DCI, ALM, and cloud. Cybersecurity 
continues to remain our core engine, contributing 44% to our top line, while DCI continues to 
be a key growth accelerator, supported by rising AI-led infrastructure demand. 
 
Cybersecurity remains our largest business vertical and one of the strongest structural growth 
opportunities for the company. Rising cyber threats, rapid cloud adoption, growing digitization, 
evolving regulatory requirements, and the emerging need to secure AI itself are all driving higher 
security spending. We believe cybersecurity will continue to benefit from rising investment in 
AI, threat protection, identity security, data security, governance, and compliance. 
 
Data Center Infrastructure continues to be a major growth driver for iValue. Enterprise 
investment in hybrid public cloud, AI-ready infrastructure, storage modernization, and compute 
platforms keeps demand for integrated infrastructure solutions strong. Rising AI workloads and 
growing GPU-based infrastructure investments are creating a multi-year opportunity in this 
space. 
 
Our strong OEM ecosystem, deep solutioning capabilities, and ability to aggregate multi-vendor 
technology stacks position us well to capture this trend. Cloud remains a strategic focus area, 
supported by growing enterprise demand for scalable consumption-based platforms. We 
continue to see strong traction in Cloud opportunities. We expect to drive deeper customer 
relationships, recurring revenue, and long-term visibility. As enterprises modernize applications 
and accelerate AI adoption, demand for Cloud-native platforms, observability, DevOps, and 
application lifecycle management tools is expected to create further growth opportunities. 
 
Moving on, our annuity-led business continues to scale steadily, growing at 14% year-on-year 
during the quarter. Our pipeline currently stands at INR 6,150 crores, up 6% over the last quarter, 
reflecting strong demand across segments. With win rates holding steady at 30% to 35%, we 
remain confident of meeting our growth commitment for the year. While Swaroop will shortly 
take you through the detailed financial performance, from a business perspective, we continue 
to see healthy demand across our core technology practices and remain encouraged by the 
quality of the opportunity pipeline.  
 
We have also witnessed a positive evolution in our shareholder base. Following the exit of 
Creador, our long-term anchor investor, several marquee institutional investors and long-term 
funds have joined our shareholding, reflecting confidence in iValue's business model, market 
positioning, and long-term growth prospects. We welcome and thank our new investors for 
taking positions with real conviction. We also thank Credor for standing by us and co-crafting 
iValue's growth journey over the years. While Creador has monetized its investment, Kabir 
Thakur continues to remain on the board as a Non-Executive Director, ensuring continuity of 
strategic guidance and governance.  

 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
 
We would also like to inform you that our CEO has decided to step down due to personal reasons 
after having successfully delivered on the responsibilities and strategic priorities entrusted to 
him. We thank him for his valuable contributions during this important phase of the company's 
development and wish him well in his future endeavours. 
 
Going forward, Krishna Raj Sharma and I will jointly oversee this responsibility. I will continue 
to lead India operations while Krishna Raj Sharma, in his role as Executive Director, will oversee 
international operations, working closely with me and the rest of the team. I am also personally 
spending more time in the business than I have in the past few years. Having closely managed 
these functions prior to the tenure of a professional CEO, we bring deep familiarity and hands-
on experience to these roles. At the same time, we have strengthened our leadership team with 
the appointment of Umashankar Krishnamoorthy as Chief Business Officer, Sameer Kanse as 
Chief Revenue Officer, and Mitish Chitnavis as Chief Technology Officer.  
 
As mentioned on the last earnings call, we remain confident of achieving our growth guidance 
of 20% growth both in our gross sales and PAT. Our priority remains consistent execution, 
improving business quality, strengthening recurring revenue streams, and delivering sustainable 
growth while maintaining a disciplined approach to capital allocation and value creation.
 
Thank you very much. 
 
With that, let me now hand over to Swaroop, who will take you through the financial 
performance in greater detail. Thank you. 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
Thank you, Sunil. Good evening, everyone for joining the earnings call for Q1 FY27. It is a 
pleasure to connect with you all again. Let me start with a quick summary of our financial 
performance for the first quarter.  
 
Gross sales for the first quarter, stood at INR 641.2 crores, up  by 5.7% on year-on-year basis. 
Our gross margins for the quarter stood at INR 52 crores, which significantly grew on year-on-
year basis by 26.5%. The gross margin stood at 8.1% on gross sales as compared to 6.8% on 
gross sales during the same period last year. We observed a decline in gross margins in Q1 FY26 
due to the depreciation of INR against the US Dollar and low-margin deals. We were able to 
recover on both aspects. This is in spite of a similar depreciation of INR against the USD in this 
quarter as well. 
 
In terms of revenue mix, three of our four segments grew on year-on-year basis. Cybersecurity, 
which constitutes the largest pie of our entire gross sales, grew by 8%, while DCI, which has 
been a key growth driver for us, grew by 180%. Cloud and ALM segments grew by around 47% 
on a year-on-year basis this quarter. 
 
Top 15 OEMs for us contributed approximately 74% of our total gross sales. Amongst these top 
15 OEMs, we have witnessed growth in more than 12 OEMs. Geographic expansion has been 
an area of focus for us this year. In line with this, we were able to start generating revenues in 
geographies like Vietnam, Philippines, and Middle East. While the numbers are still small, the 

 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
mere fact that we were able to attract customers in the first quarter of operations itself is a 
noteworthy achievement. 
 
Our annuity-led business remains a core strength, which contributed to 46.4% of our gross sales 
in Q1 FY27. This grew by 13.7% on a year-on-year basis in Q1 FY27. This supported us in 
revenue predictability and cash flow quality. Our operating EBITDA for Q1 FY27 stood at INR 
20.2 crores. This is a 27.7% growth on a year-on-year basis. Sustained cash flows during the 
current and last quarters have helped us in ensuring a reduction in the finance costs. The PAT 
for the quarter stood at INR 15.7 crores. This is a growth of 51.7% on a year-on-year basis.  
 
Moving to certain balance sheet figures, our working capital continued to improve. We were 
able to maintain  net working capital days as on 30th June 2026, which stood at 52 days as 
compared to 53 days for the same period last year. This means the the net working capital days 
have improved by one day. We have also seen a meaningful reduction in our inventory, which 
is always a very small number in the entire working capital cycle. 
 
As you are aware, we have also called for our first AGM post-listing on 19th August 2026. I 
would request the presence of all shareholders at that meeting as well. To conclude, I would like 
to mention that we remain committed to margin discipline, cash conversion, and balance sheet 
strength while executing towards the FY27 objectives of 20% growth in gross sales and PAT. 
We believe that our focus on digital and hybrid multi-cloud offerings and expanding our partner 
ecosystem positions us well for this scale in the coming years. I thank you once again for joining 
us. With this, I hand back to the moderator to open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from Rahul 
Kumar from Vaikarya Fund. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Kumar: 
Just one question on the cost front. So, in terms of cost infrastructure for the business, do we 
need to invest more in the Centre of Excellence and experts for cybersecurity? And if yes, what 
kind of Opex growth you're budgeting on an annual basis for this FY27 and FY28? 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
Thanks for this question. Our business is based on a bedrock of differentiated value to the end 
customer. Customers are able to see this through our Centre of Excellence. So, we will 
continuously invest in our Centre of Excellence. Having said that, these investments are not  
significant in numbers. These are in line with the investments which we have made in the 
previous years, so there will not be any incremental capex this year as compared to the previous 
years. I hope this helps. 
Rahul Kumar: 
 Okay. Understood. Second question, in terms of our tie-ups withtop OEMs for Cybersecurity, 
are there any advanced discussion with any of the OEMs at this point in time? 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
As a business, we reach out to various OEMs, and various OEMs reach out to us for having this 
association and tie-up. We will keep the entire investor community apprised as and when certain 
meaningful decisions happen. 

 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
Rahul Kumar: 
. Understood. Third question is, you mentioned in the opening remarks, but what kind of demand 
trends you're seeing, or the order book trends which are youseeing for the company as a whole? 
Sunil Pillai: 
 We see a very positive trend. Only thing is that the customers have already double- clicked on 
their budgets, and they are ready, except that they have prioritized some of the budgets towards 
the GPU and the data centre piece. And so, in some of the verticals, some of the pillars of our 
business, you'll see a surge in the business. But on a normalized business, on a year basis, we 
would continue to grow at about 20% on top line and as well as on the PAT. 
Rahul Kumar: 
Okay, so on an annual basis, you would still see the target growth of 20%, and in order to achieve 
that, you're seeing the order book coming  to you? 
Sunil Pillai: 
Yes, and as I said, we have about five pillars of business. In that, there could be some variations, 
but overall on an annualized basis, we would be at a 20% growth. 
Rahul Kumar: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Hitesh Goel from Aurigin Capital. Please go ahead. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Thanks for taking my question. Can you just explain cybersecurity and ILM sales growth this 
quarter? Because in cybersecurity, whatever we are hearing from your competitors and our 
channel checks, the growth is quite superior for other players. And also, in ILM management, 
why is there a 60% decline on a Y-o-Y basis? Is there some deferment of demand or something? 
Can you please explain it properly? 
Sunil Pillai: 
Hi, Hitesh. Good Evening. As I mentioned to my previous question the gentleman asked, we 
have been growing at significantly on the cybersecurity side, and we see a trajectory there. We 
see a trend which is moving upwards. So, cybersecurity is the mainstay, and it will continue to 
be our core business. As far as ILM is concerned, as I mentioned, the budget has got reallocated 
for the GPU and the Data Centre because of AI adoption by the enterprise and many other 
customers. And that is the only trend that we are seeing. Otherwise, I don't think so, but on an 
annuity basis, we would be able to normalize it. 
Hitesh Goel: 
So, this trend will continue this year, that ILM will be soft and Data Centre and Cloud will 
continue to grow at a rapid pace? 
Sunil Pillai: 
It's not exactly ILM being soft. The only thing that the budget reallocation on a quarter-on-
quarter basis is what customers do. So this time, they are focusing on the AI and the GPU piece, 
and the Data Centre piece. That is why you'll see a surge, an uptick in that growth. But then, 
quarter three onwards, you'll see the ILM piece also coming in. 
Hitesh Goel: 
And Cybersecurity, you just said that we will keep on growing, but we are seeing other players 
growing at 25% to 30%. Is the industry growing significantly in India in Cybersecurity? 
Sunil Pillai: 
It is significant, yes, and Cybersecurity will continue to be a paramount requirement for the 
customers. And if you see, 44% of the contribution of our top line has come from Cybersecurity. 

 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
We've seen that, on an annualized basis, it should be somewhere close to about 45% to 50% and 
it will continue to sustain that. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Okay. So basically, we should see growth coming back in the subsequent quarters. So, it's not 
like the share of Cybersecurity will go down this year versus last year? 
Sunil Pillai: 
No, I believe that we'll not see that trend. There'll be an uptick with the Cybersecurity portfolio. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Okay. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vinay Menon from Monarch Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vinay Menon: 
Hi sir, congratulations on a good set. Couple of questions from my side. Data center growth in 
Q1 was quite good. Any particular large deal we closed here, and from which OEM or 
partnership would this kind of growth be coming? And is there any spillover to Q2 also? 
Sunil Pillai: 
As I mentioned, you would have seen that the DCI space is surging. That is because of the AI 
adoption of the enterprise as well as the BFSI segment. And  the outcome is that there are a lot 
of GPUs being sourced. And that is the reason you see that surge in that segment.  As I 
mentioned, ALM will get normalized on an annuity basis, Vinay. 
Vinay Menon: 
Okay. 
Sunil Pillai: 
So maybe you may find this quarter, and maybe next quarter you may find something, but then, 
on an annuity basis, you'll find that it'll get normalized. 
Vinay Menon: 
Okay. But we should see, as a segment, Data Center should do a lot more than just the 20% to 
22% which on a consol basis. I think that segment could do a lot higher this year? 
Sunil Pillai: 
We see a trend which is growing with the DCI space, and we have an OEM called Arista, which 
is actually taking the larger limelight in that space. And any GPU infrastructure, as you would 
call it,  Arista is a by de facto product that goes in. So we are very bullish about the Arista 
business. 
Vinay Menon: 
Okay. That's helpful. And in terms of the annuity, typically,  we do 41%, 42% of annuity income, 
this quarter was 46%. So, is that a trend which we can take going forward, or would we do that 
around a 41%, 42% kind of number for the full year? 
Sunil Pillai: 
If you have noticed, historically also, we have been sustaining our annuity recurring business at 
about 45% to 46%, and I think that this trend will continue in fact, it will get improved. But then, 
I think that we will sustain our 45% to 46%  growth in the annuity recurring business. 
Vinay Menon: 
Okay. That helps. And just couple of other things, in terms of Cybersecurity, any  large deals 
which have spilled over to Q2? Because that's a segment we do good 20% to 25% kind of growth, 
so is there any reason why the number was a little lower this quarter? 

 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
Sunil Pillai: 
Actually, as I mentioned, we multi-stack and curate the number of technologies that we 
represent. And this typically goes into projects.  Those projects are still ongoing. I will not be 
able to name those projects right now on this call. But then yes, we have a pipeline of about 
close to INR 6,150 crores, which is active, and we're working on it. And traditionally, we have 
been able to convert, upwards of 30% to 35% in a year. 
Vinay Menon: 
Okay. That's all from my side. Thank you sir and all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Balaji Subramanian from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Balaji Subramanian: 
Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. My question was more related to the Data Center 
build-outs that are happening. Multiple players have announced, be it Airtel NEYSA be it Sify. 
Reliance is setting up a 168-megawatt Data Center in collaboration with Meta. So, as the Data 
Center capacity in the country goes up from about 1.5 gigawatts right now to something like 7, 
8,or 9, I don't know what the number is. Depending on which report you are reading, the number 
can be anything meaningfully higher. 
 
So, with all these build-outs happening, how would you stand to benefit from these rollouts? Is 
there any ballpark number which you can indicate as to what kind of revenue opportunity, of 
course, the TAM and  market share is a different thing,say something like a 1 gigawatt of data 
center capacity coming online would add to your addressable market? That would be my 
question. 
Sunil Pillai: 
Yes, Balaji, actually you're right. . There is a requirement, and if you see some reports, there are 
various numbers shown in the report. But  the estimate is that, for the next two years, about close 
to 9 to 11 megawatts of power will be guzzled by the Data Centers. 
 
And as you very rightly mentioned, there are a lot of Data Centers mushrooming, and there are 
many more to come. There are many more names and brands that are at the crossroads of  taking 
on the Data Center business.. Having said that, yes, we see a great opportunity that is going to 
come up, and the TAM is going to widen. While today we are talking about a bloated TAM, we 
would like to watch and how the Data Centers are coming up. Because there are a lot of variables 
that are involved in bringing up a data center. Once they are infrastructure-ready and once the 
infrastructure comes up, I'm sure we'll be able to put a number to it. 
Balaji Subramanian: 
So if I get you right, it will be more like, in the build-out phase, maybe you will not benefit that 
much, but once the capacities are on stream, that is when you will really stand to gain. Is that a 
fair enough statement? 
 
 
Sunil Pillai: 
Yes. Infra structure has to come in. 

 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
Krishna raj Sharma: 
Balaji, just to add on what Sunil was saying, we look at Data Center in two ways.One is the 
public Data Center, and another one is the private Data Center. The public Data Center is the 
one which you just mentioned, we spoke about all of them. If that's an opportunity, yes, it is an 
opportunity for us. 
 
Our sweet spot and a greater opportunity for us is the private Data Center, which keeps coming 
up.It could be for an institution, could be for a group of institutions, could be public sector or 
private, and could be an initiative from the government. 
 
So our larger play is there in the private Data Center and relatively a smaller play in the public 
Data Center. Because when the public Data Center comes in, like you exactly said, in association 
with Meta, what Reliance was trying to do, the majority of the contract goes directly with the 
OEMs. The majority of them. 
 
That's the same story with all hyperscalers, whoever talks about it. So do we get some 
opportunities? Yes, we get some opportunities. Our larger and larger opportunity gets 
concentrated more towards the private Data Center. I just thought I will make this point around 
Data Center. 
Balaji Subramanian: 
So when you say private Data Center, that means captives. Is that what you mean? 
Krishna Raj Sharma: 
Yes, captive Data Center. 
Balaji Subramanian: 
Okay, perfect. Thanks a lot. This is very helpful and all the best. 
Krishna Raj Sharma: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Vibhav Khandelwal from Laburnum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vibhav Khandelwal: 
One quick question on the gross sales that we've done this quarter. We've seen that FY26 Q1 
had a slightly higher base, but besides that, is there any reason why the Q1 gross sales that we've 
seen is a slightly softer number? 
 
And the second question was regarding the CEO position. If I heard correctly, Mr. KRS and Mr. 
Sunil will be taking over in a joint position. Any reason we're not onboarding any other CEO 
and both these people are having to sort of step into the CEO position? 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
I'll take the first portion of it, which is the gross sales part of it. As we have mentioned, there is 
a shift in the demand wherein one of our large verticals, ILM saw the demand shifting to DCI. 
That is what Sunil has explained to you.  
 
While the number has been flattish, I have mentioned in my commentary as well that 15 top 
OEMs contribute around 74% or 75%, and 12 of them we have been able to grow. Three of our 
technology verticals were able to grow. So, given all that, I see this number is a decent number 
given the way in which the plan for the full year is envisaged. Now, coming to your second 
question on the CEO, I would request KRS or Sunil to take that. 

 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
Vibhav Khandelwal: 
Just one follow-up on the first question. Is this also why, for the last two or three quarters, gross 
sales and gross profit growth has been slow? So, is it more like a six, to nine-month trend that 
we're seeing, where because of chip prices going up, everyone has sort of pulled forward their 
spend on Data Centers, but eventually, if they're going to be spending on Data Centers, at some 
point they will have to bring in spend on Cybersecurity, other things? So, at that point, we would 
expect to benefit? 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
Historically, over the last three or four quarters, we have been growing well. If you have seen 
our Q4 , our Cybersecurity has grown over the last Q4. Our DCI has grown over the last Q4. 
Our ALM and cloud and others have been growing. 
Vibhav Khandelwal: 
No, I'm not saying you haven't grown, but if I look at overall gross sales, you grew at 3% in Q3 
‘26, 12% in Q4 ‘26, and now 6% in Q1 ‘27. Before that, you were growing at a much higher 
rate. Even if I look at gross profit, you grew at 9% and 10% last two quarters. This quarter is 
higher, but that's because of an artificially low base. So, my question is: is 10% gross profit 
growth kind of what we should be expecting in a steady state? 
 
Because it seems like your guidance is for a lot higher, in which case I'm just trying to understand 
why is it that, not just now but for the last few quarters, we've been seeing slower gross profit 
and gross sales growth than what you're guiding to going forward. 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
Our business is dependent on certain large deals. Last year in Q2, we had one large deal, which, 
as we mentioned, was GSTN. That one large deal was around INR 150 crores of billing in Q2. 
Such large deals we'll have every year, two or three large deals which will happen in a specific 
quarter or spread out across. Generally, we see all these large deals happening in Q3 and Q4 for 
us, and hence we see H2 as cyclically a higher quarter for us. 
 
But last year was an exception, where certain large deals happened in Q1 and Q2 as compared 
to Q3 and Q4. Hence, you see a muted growth. We have always stated that our business 
performance has to be looked on a yearly basis, but not on a quarterly basis. If you see the full 
of last year, we have grown at 20% on both top line and bottom line, I mean 19.5-ish times. So, 
we are saying that we will meet a similar number. 
Vibhav Khandelwal: 
Gross profit  for the last year was about INR 266 crores, am I right? 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
Yes. 
Vibhav Khandelwal: 
And in FY25, it was about INR 240 crores, am I right on that? So that's a 10% gross profit 
growth for ‘26 as a whole? 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
Yes.  
Vibhav Khandelwal: 
So, I'm just saying is 10% the normal gross profit growth rate we should expect? 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
No, it is not that. Last year, we had a one-off in  Q1, because that is the reason why you see the 
Q1 of last year having a lower gross profit percentage, which wasat 6.8% of gross sales. That is 

 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
what I've mentioned in my remarks as well, saying that we were able to come back to our normal 
gross margin percentages in Q1 of this year, from a 6.8% of last year to 8.1% of this year. If you 
take Q1 ‘25, at that point of time, we also had our gross margin percentage at 8.1%. And this 
quarter our gross margin has grown up by 26% to 27%. 
Vibhav Khandelwal: 
Got it. Okay, so you're saying the 10% of last year is not really normal, and what you should 
normally be expecting to see is that 15% to 20% growth in line with revenue. But you're saying 
it's lumpy, so it could be skewed to one or two quarters in particular because that's when the 
large deals happen. 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
If I also take a minute and explain this, if you go back to our presentation to Slide number 6, we 
have shown our 10-year CAGR there, how we have grown. For the last 10 years, our gross sales  
has grown at a CAGR of 23%,  and the PAT has grown by 28% for us. So, this is not a one-year 
phenomena or a two-year phenomena, but this is a 10-year CAGR where we are able to showcase 
a 23% CAGR on gross sales and 28% on PAT. 
Vibhav Khandelwal: 
Got it, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Shlok Akolia from Xylem Investments. Please go ahead. 
Shlok Akolia: 
Congratulations for the good set of numbers. So, I had just one question around our DCI 
revenue,which is now nearly 22% of our gross sales.And within this,  the total opportunity book 
that we have guided is upwards of INR 6,000 crores. So, can you tell us how much component 
of DCI or AI would be this INR 6,000 crores opportunity book? 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
This order book of INR 6,000 crores is spread across multiple opportunities. We will not be 
knowing exactly what is the component of DCI, CS, or ILM until we actually get the orders 
from our customers. There will be a lot of pricing negotiations, there will be a lot of cases where 
we miss one piece and win other piece of a specific order and all that stuff. But having said, 
overall for a full year basis, we are looking at DCI space to be anywhere around 18% to 20% of 
our total revenues. 
Shlok Akolia: 
Okay, sir, so  we can expect the mandate larger than the INR 150 crores deal that we had last 
year?  
Swaroop Muvvala: 
We all want to do that. 
Shlok Akolia: 
Right, sir. And, sir I had one more question around the hardware gross sales. So, it has fallen by 
about 28% this year. So, can you like guide us, why this huge fall within a quarter? 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
As we always say, we don't deal with hardware and software separately. We will understand 
what the customer requires and propose a solution. The solution can at times be hardware heavy, 
and at times can be software heavy. So, it is a mix which is just derived, but not achieved. It is 
not planned, we don't see how much hardware we are selling, we don't see how muchsoftware 
we are selling. 

 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
 
This is only a derived number. Based on the customer's requirements, at times the hardware will 
grow in a specific quarter, in specific quarter it might not grow. Overall, what we see is the 
overall gross sales for the company. 
Shlok Akolia: 
Okay sir, right. And just had one more question around restructuring, like over the past few 
months, nearly three of our topmost executives have left the company, citing personal reasons. 
So, is there any major restructuring going on? 
Krishna Raj Sharma: 
If you look at our team, which is built up at the senior management, and me  Sunil and Sriram 
at the top, even though we don't call them with certain designation, all of them have been together 
from last 18 years in the journey. We have added a few more senior management personnel to 
strengthen the whole team. That's one addition which was mentioned in Sunil's update today 
also, that's number one. 
 
And number two is the point that  the previous question also came in about exit of the CEO. I 
was running the company for almost seven years as the CEO. It was the time for me to start 
taking the other responsibility, larger ones, to  look at our next phase of growth, either take to 
market or any other modes of giving some kind of exit to the investor who are there. So, we 
decided that we take a CEO to run what is running currently the India business. 
 
And I took over the two responsibilities: one was looking at overseas expansion, and the second 
was making the IPO happen. Shrikant has been a very known friend to us for more than 10 years 
and been in our own industry. We had a discussion and requested him to help us to keep it 
running for some time when we focus on larger goal, especially on IPO. During Shrikant's time, 
Sunil was overseeing and giving him the air cover, and I was looking into the other task of IPO 
and overseas business. 
 
Thanks to him, he extended his services to us on a personal basis. Actually he is exiting the 
country and joining his family overseas. So that's been the move. Otherwise, we've been adding 
more executives, I think it is announced already into the market, and strengthening the team. 
There is no such a restructure at any level. 
Shlok Akolia: 
Understood sir. Thank you, and all the best for the year ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Meet Mehta from Prasun Exponentials. Please go ahead. 
Meet Mehta: 
Okay, So my first question is: are we seeing any delays in the DCI segment due to all the situation 
which is going on and due to the price increase? So, are customers on your end holding back or 
deferring their orders or something like that? 
Sunil Pillai: 
Yes, definitely, supply chain has got impacted, but then it has been going on for almost a year 
now. And I believe it has become cyclical now. The trend that we are seeing is that the OEMs 
that we represent, unlike some other OEMs, we have been slightly fortunate, there's not been a 
too much of a delay. 

 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
 
I understand that there are some OEMs in the market who takes about seven months or eight 
months for a delivery and all. But in our case, there is a delay of about one and a half months, 
it's not been as bad as other OEMs. So, we have been fortunate. And this could be potentially be 
an outcome of  the delay that happened earlier. Probably, they are fulfilling that and it  has 
become a new normal for us. 
Meet Mehta: 
Okay, understood. And will you be in a position to tell me what the average time is between a 
deal entering the pipeline and being converted  to billing? So what is the average timeline, and 
how much recognition do you do in the first year itself? 
Sunil Pillai: 
In terms of as we told you, whatever pipeline we have, traditionally we have been able to do 
about  30% to 35%. And we would like to sustain and call out that. So, we will convert about 
30% to 35% from our pipeline, and that has been the trend, and we'll maintain that trend.  
Meet Mehta: 
 I was asking the time between the deal entering the pipeline, not the conversion. 
Sunil Pillai: 
Oh, that way. Okay. Yeah, it depends on project to project. So, generally what we see is that 
once it enters the pipeline, it depends at what stage it is the in the pipeline. When I referred 
earlier to the sanitized pipeline that we have, which has gone up in the last quarter to INR 6,000 
crores plus, what we are talking about is that at what stage that pipeline stands. 
 
So generally, if a particular let's say that it comes to the quote stage, from quote to order, it will 
take  less than a month. But to arrive at that quote level, there are a lot of other things that one 
has to do. We have to show demos, we have to go get the customer and show them the curated 
solutions through our COE, show it to them and then they have to take their approval. 
 
So all those process from the entire pipeline. Though it was referred to as  as an order book, it is 
just a pipeline, it's a funnel. 
Meet Mehta: 
Okay. And follow-up on that was how much revenue do you book in the first year after billing 
after converting the deal? 
Sunil Pillai: 
So, we work on a what you call on a ACV model. So, if there are certain OEMs who bill us 
upfront and we bill the customer or partner upfront let's say. If there are some TCV deals,then 
those gets captured as part of our renewal and  annuity recurring business, which we mentioned 
in the second or third question. 
Management: 
So just to add to what Sunil was saying, it is like this, right? For us, if it is a five-year deal which 
we are operating on a TCV basis, almost 60% of that five-year TCV value will be the ACV for 
us in the first year. And the rest 10% per annum would be the annuity value for us in the 
subsequent four years. These are estimates, this varies from solution to solution, and order to 
order, but I'm just giving you a broad ballpark number. 
Meet Mehta: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Gokul from BTH Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
Gokul: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. I just quickly want to understand: could you help us with the 
mix of domestic versus exports in this quarter for gross sales? 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
Yeah, around 87% of our total gross sales comes from the India business, and the 13% comes 
from outside of India business. 
Gokul: 
Got it. And this annuity number that we have, 46%, how should we read this? Could you throw 
some color on this? Is there a component of like AMC that will be converted out of this ,or how 
should we read this annuity number? 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
Okay, Gokul, if you understand our business, annuity business is derived based on the first sale 
which we do. When an enterprise develops an application and the system integrator works for 
developing that application, the relationship between both of them is not just developing the 
application or fort a three-month or a six-month period. 
 
It is for developing the application, maintaining it, upgrading it, and sustaining it for a longer 
period. We see this period anywhere varying between 3 to 9  years. 3 years in terms of enterprise 
customers, 5 years to 7 years in terms of Government and BFSI customers, and  9 years in case 
of Defense and other aspects. 
 
This varies from time to time based on the order and the type of the customer which we are in. 
The first year  is always considered as net new and the subsequent years we always consider it 
as a renewal. Say a deal is for five years and after the five years there will be a tech refresh, this 
will again be constituted as a net new business. 
 
So, our renewal or annuity rate is always at the rate of 45% per se. However, it can go up or 
come down based on the growth in the net new business. If there is significant growth in the net 
new business, you might see that being slightly lower. If there is a not so significant growth in 
the net new business, it might be seen as higher. Overall, we will see it around 45%. 
Gokul: 
So that means the INR 297 crores of annuity business that we have this quarter, that was on 
account of it being the second, third or fourth year of the cycle that you were in with that? 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
Yes. 
Gokul: 
Got it. Yeah, that's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Kunal Ochiramani from Alpha Alternatives. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
Hi, sir, congratulations on a good set of numbers. I wanted to ask, as and when the technology 
is evolving, as per our conversation with you previously, we wanted to understand what kind of 
OEMs we are trying to onboard and where are we short today and where are the efforts going 
towards onboarding new OEMs which will be the new Palo Altos Cybersecuritys of the world, 
just like one Cybersecurity company we've onboarded already? 

 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
Sunil Pillai: 
Yes, you are right. So, we have a separate team who keeps looking for new technologies, new 
spaces, something that we may not be covering as part of our solutioning ecosystem. If we are 
not covering, then we keep looking at and we try to get the best-of-breed technology. 
 
Some of the technologies would be way ahead of the curve, but then we relish it, we run that 
business for some time and then after that it picks up. So we know at what stage the customer 
is, and we know what technology to be taken to those customers. So that's an ongoing thing 
which we have been doing from last in last so many years. That's the reason we have about plus 
100-plus OEM right now that we have signed up with. But given that the names that you have 
taken, the large ones and the popular ones, it's not that we'll not talk to them or we are not talking 
to them. It's an ongoing activity which we keep pursuing in the market, which we keep talking 
to them. 
 
We need to get that sweet spot with them where we mutually see a value with each other and 
definitely we'll not shy away from getting them onboarded. But right now I may not be able to  
name all the companies we are talking to, but definitely we keep doing that. That's part of our 
work culture. 
Kunal Uchiramani: 
Fair enough. Sir, certain Cybersecurity companies are bringing platforms and wherein they are 
combining different services and selling them. So, are we seeing any impact of that given that 
they might pooldifferent services and sell it as a stack? 
Sunil Pillai: 
Oh, it is all the more good. I see it as a greater opportunity if OEMs are coming with a platform 
and they are coming with certain people, but then if you notice they have inorganically gone and 
got those companies and then they've integrated it and they're giving a completely integrated 
platform story to the market. 
 
So, we play a very key role in such a scenario because of the technology understanding that we 
have and the curated solutions that we are already delivering through our COE. So what we are 
doing in from our COE is more or less similar thing.The  only thing is that OEM A goes and 
buys out OEM B and then they bring in OEM B onto their platform and then give a complete 
solution stack. 
 
We have about close to 67 OEMs and some 32 to 33 stacks whichthrough our COE we reflect 
into the market. So it's more or less similar and we play a very key role when such platforms 
come up. 
Kunal Uchiramani: 
So are we getting orders or have we supplied any of such orders to any of our clients? 
Sunil Pillai: 
Yes, actually, if you have to dig into our let's say  three to four quarters, most of our project deals 
if you see are multi-stack deal and we have been able to showcase that to the customer and that's 
how customer decides to buy it. 
Kunal Uchiramani: 
Sir, but essentially a lot of these OEMs are doing what you actually do as a stack. Shouldn't it 
reduce your margins and increase theirs? 

 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Sunil Pillai: 
No, actually not exactly, Kunal. What happens is that an OEM may have an OEM tie-up, but 
they will not have the complete set of solutions. For example, Palo Alto may go and talk to an 
X OEM and tell that they will jointly  go out in the market as a GTM. So, they will do it with 
one or two OEMs only. They will not be able to bring the entire IT ecosystem to go and talk to 
a customer. They become a part of that ecosystem. 
Kunal Uchiramani: 
Fair enough sir. 
Sunil Pillai: 
They'll address only a smaller portion of that ecosystem. 
Kunal Uchiramani: 
Understood, sir. This was very helpful. And lastly, what would be the share of revenue from the 
top-tier OEM we have this year if we could give some ballpark number? 
Sunil Pillai: 
Traditionally what we have seen is that our top 15 to 20 OEMs gives about 75% to 80% of our 
revenue. They are the big boys. And I think that trend will continue. That 80/20 ratio is always 
there in the market, it's become a benchmark for some reason, but then it is there and it will 
continue to be the same. 
Kunal Uchiramani: 
But specifically for Hitachi, if you could point out, how much was it for this quarter and how 
much are we predicting this year? 
Sunil Pillai: 
Yeah, Hitachi,, you rightly asked Kunal. Because of the ILM piece that I told you about, the 
budget that gets allocated on a quarter-on-quarter basis from the customer, so they have all gone 
towards the Data Center side on a private or on a public. So it's all moved there. That's the reason 
you'll see a  hockey-stick curve upward with where we have DCI we have grown at 186% and 
maybe ILM we have degrown by that. 
 
Hitachi business definitely has slowed down. Don't look at it on a quarter perspective, but you 
should look at it from an annuity perspective because last quarter all the budgets moved to for 
some other reason. This quarter or the quarter coming next probably will give you a different 
perspective. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Kunal, we request you to rejoin the queue. The next question is from Bhavin Shah 
from Latent Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Shah: 
Wanted one clarification. We've had our gross sale growth of 5.7% for the quarter. Hardware 
prices have actually gone up by over 40%, and which I think, is 30% of our overall business. So 
effectively, are we seeing negative growth on a like-to-like basis? 
 
On top of that if we have a 46% coming from annuity business, does it mean that the net new 
sales are a serious challenge for us? And  I'm finding it difficult to contrast against the 20% 
normal growth guidance that we've been talking about. If you could share some thoughts on 
that? 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
Thanks Bhavin. So two or three points you touched upon. One is the hardware aspect, which is 
regarding the increase in the price of hardware and all that stuff. Yes, we have seen prices 

 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
increase in certain portions of our hardware, not overall. But if you see the customers, they have 
the budgets which are frozen. 
 
So they push back on the OEMs to give discounts either in the hardware, or they push back on 
the software vendors to give a more discounts so that they accommodate the entire requirements 
within the budgets they have. These customers are all large enterprise customers. I hope you 
understand what I'm trying to say. 
 
To be more specific, from a volume perspective, we have not seen any degrowth per se in volume 
in Q1 as compared to the previous year. That is point number one. What were the other 
questions? 
Bhavin Shah: 
I was saying, on top of it we have a 46% which is annuity business, where the sales focus 
required is much lower, right? So if I were to really look at our new net sales that we are 
generating, if I remove the 46% then the numbers look actually a little worse off than what it 
shows on paper. 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
If you see our annuity business last year, it was around 43.1% in the Q1 last year. Now we are 
at 46%. The growth is around 3%. The 3% growth in annuity business can come because of an 
upsell which is happening within the existing customer. It can also come because of the price 
uptick which is happening within the existing customers. 
 
Hence, we would not like to see it as a hit on the net new revenue. But having said that, we 
believe that there is enough pipeline for us, which is around INR 6,000 crores, which will help 
us achieve the number of 20% growth in both top line and bottom line. 
Bhavin Shah: 
Okay. And just adding on to this, the ALM piece, I think in one of the quarter calls, you had 
mentioned about excess revenue booking in the first quarter of FY 26. Could you quantify that 
number? Because otherwise, the negative number looks fairly high, which may not be the case. 
Could you quantify that number and how much further adjustment need to be made in September 
quarter and December quarter? 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
I honestly don't remember making such a comment. Probably, we can connect offline about what 
it is. 
Bhavin Shah: 
Sure. 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
Because we make the billing and revenue recognizations based on the deliveries of hardware. 
Very rarely, based on the commercial terms, we have certain things called as unbilled or deferred 
revenues. So I don't remember making any such comments, but probably if you can explain the 
context in which it is made, we can get it we can take it. 
Bhavin Shah: 
 I'll connect with you offline on this, yeah. Thank you. 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Stavan Thakkar from Kriis PMS. Please go ahead. 

 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
Shravan Thakkar: 
So, given what we have listened on the call so far, and given the high growth in the Data Center 
space that we are seeing, what is the company doing to  increase our exposure to the data center 
capex that's going around? Are we on-boarding more OEMs, or are we taking other initiatives? 
What are we doing to increase the share of the capex that we can involve in the iValue services? 
Sunil Pillai: 
Hi See, we have enough and more OEMs already in our stack to offer. And I think, more than 
that, we have a greater headroom available to address that opportunity. So right now, in terms 
of adding the OEMs, we are in talk with certain OEMs, but then that all takes there's a life cycle 
of getting them on-boarded. So I wouldn't be able to pinpoint when we'll be able to add them, 
but then we are pursuing, evangelizing, and talking to them. That is one. 
 
Second is that the currently, the data center boom that is happening, we have enough and more 
OEMs to suffice the requirement right now. So those are the pipelines that we have,  we are 
working on them; it takes time. Just to add that, in the last quarter itself, we added about close 
to INR 300 crores to the pipeline, that is, to the funnel. So, I think that quarter-on-quarter, 
probably we should look at the funnel and the conversion that happens out of it. That will give 
you a larger perspective on how we are doing in each of this space. 
Shravan Thakkar: 
Okay. And we've seen global neo clouds also looking at the Indian marketdirectly. So, are we 
involved in that space, or do we already have that in our stack right now, or are we going to 
expand towards that? What is the situation there? 
Sunil Pillai: 
See, with the data center piece, I'm referring to the public data center piece. What is happening 
is that no one data center or one entity will go with only one single OEM because they will hedge 
their call price book, their risk, everything with multiple OEMs. So, we are in a space where we 
can cater to that requirement, not with all OEMs but with selective OEMs that are part of our 
basket of offering.  We are already in talks with all those opportunities. 
Shravan Thakkar: 
All right sir. Thank you. 
Sunil Pillai: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Hello, good evening, sir. Thank you so much for taking the questions. Just wanted to ask,  last 
year in Q1 we had a bit of a low profitability, right? And we've beaten the profit figure by almost 
roughly 50%. Then why are we  guiding for 20% growth in profits, with Q1 having such a good 
response? So how do you look at the rest of the year, sir? 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
That's an excellent question, Darshil. If you see last year Q1, it was a one-off event where our 
margins have come down. The margins have come down in Q1 because of various reasons which 
we had like the rupee depreciating, and we could not take appropriate cover while giving our 
quotes to our vendors and customers. That is one. And also, we had picked up certain low margin 
deals. 

 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
 
Yes, these aspects have helped us to improve our Q1 margins significantly. But at the same time, 
from Q2 onwards, our annual appraisal cycles which starts in July 1st onwards, and that will 
come into the picture and take some hit. So overall, there are some positives, there are certain  
counterbalancing items. So overall, we believe that we will be at a 20% growth over last year. 
 
And secondly, historically, the growth in our bottom line has been faster than the growth in the 
top line. And this year also, we believe that the same will happen. While we are guiding a 20% 
growth on both parameters, the bottom line will grow faster than the top line. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay sir, because appraisal would have happened last year also, right?  
Swaroop Muvvala: 
Exactly. That’s why I'm saying that we will grow faster in bottom line as compared to the top 
line. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. Fair enough sir. And just wanted to know,  you've spoken about our segment mix and 
more data center growth coming in. So, is it that data center is more profitable or how do we 
manage that part of the business, right? Like is it more profitable than the other segments that 
will contribute to a higher operating margin or all of our segments similarly priced?  If data 
center is the new hot thing, then can we charge a bit higher because  that's the need of the hour? 
So just wanted to understand your pricing power. 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
The profitability or the pricing power for us is determined based on the value addition which we 
do in a deal, irrespective of the verticals it is, technology segment it is, or the customer base it 
is. If we are able to demonstrate a decent amount of value addition, we will get significantly 
larger margins than compared to any pure play distributors. 
 
That is why our margins are around 10% on a yearly basis, 9% to 10% on a yearly basis. But if 
we are not able to deliver the significant value additions or value differentiations, our margins 
will be lower. And DCI is no exception. If we deliver higher value, we'll have higher margins, 
if we don't deliver higher value, our margins will be lukewarm. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Fair enough, sir. Yes, that's it from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Aniket from CRK Research Desk. Please go ahead. 
Aniket: 
First of all, congratulation on the set of numbers. I just wanted to ask the management tot please 
elaborate about the sales strategy across the three or four verticals in terms of manpower. 
Currently, what kind of a team is overseeing each of the vertical, and what efforts are we 
undertaking to improve the sales over this year and for the next couple of years? 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
If you look at our org structure and the business which we are in, our major external stakeholders 
are threefold. One is the end customer, one is the system integrator, and the third one is the 
OEM. So, we have leaders who address each of these segments. We have a Chief Business 
Officer who handles the relationships with the OEMs. 

 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
 
We have the Chief Revenue Officer who handles the relationships with both the customers as 
well as partners. Within  the Chief Revenue Officer, we have people who manage the end 
customers, large customers,, including tier 1 customers, and we'll have people who manage the 
tier 2 and tier 3 customers. 
 
This is a very well-oiled machine which has been working well for us for the last 18 years or so, 
where we are able to cater to the needs of each of the segment which is there. You have a pre-
sales function which works as a horizontal, which supports each and every team based on the 
need basis in helping and solutioning and demonstrating that solution to the customers or the 
partners, as the need base. 
 
The COE also comes in here, where people are able to see exactly what they are purchasing and 
how their purchases are going to help them achieve their objectives. 
Aniket: 
Understood sir. Thank you so much for that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Vibhav Khandelwal from Laburnum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vibhav Khandelwal: 
Thanks for the opportunity again. One question I had was that, if we notice in the last couple of 
months, some of our OEMs have been acquired by larger companies like Palo Alto, Cisco, and 
IBM. So, going forward, do we expect to retain these accounts, or is there some risk that would 
lead to some account share loss because of this? The second question I had was, in Q4 call last 
quarter, you had spoken about some inorganic activity that may come up. I think KRS had 
mentioned that he would be incrementally spending some time overlooking the international 
business. Is that a precursor to any inorganic activity that may be on the cards? Thanks. 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
I will take the second question. Probably, the first question I'll leave it for Sunil and KRS to 
answer it. Inorganic growth is something which we are looking at. Any interesting opportunity  
which gives a good business synergy, we will always explore it. If there is material progress on 
that aspect, we will definitely come back and share with this community. 
Sunil Pillai: 
Your first question, can you please repeat it? I’m sorry I missed it. 
Vibhav Khandelwal: 
Yeah, my first question was about, there have been certain acquisitions made by the OEMs that 
we are affiliated with by other larger OEMs, Palo Alto, Cisco, IBM, which we may not be 
affiliated to. So,  do we expect to retain the OEMs that have been acquired? If not, do you see 
some revenue share loss that might be happening? 
Sunil Pillai: 
The consolidation has been happening from last three to four years effectively from last two 
years, I would say. I think we have seen many of them are getting acquired. I mean our existing 
OEMs acquiring somebody else and somebody else is acquiring the existing OEMs and 
consolidation happening at various stages. 
 
This is largely to offer the larger pie of stack. The way we are talking about stack game, it's no 
more that customer looks at buying one piece, customer would like to go for a larger piece of 

 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
technology adoption. We have been onboarded with the newer platform when our OEM gets 
acquired. That happens, that's number one. 
 
And number two is that when our OEM goes and acquires somebody else, we also get an 
opportunity to sell the product which is acquired. Both ways it has happened. Are we  losing our 
revenue because there is an acquisition? As of now, we are not seeing anything happening of 
that trend. 
Vibhav Khandelwal: 
All right, okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the last two questions in queue. The next question is from Gokul from BTH 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Gokul: 
Hi, just a follow-up on the annuity business. So given that I think the majority of our revenue 
comes  via system integrators, isn't there a conflict as to who gets to keep the annuity portion of 
it? Like how does it work? 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
When we propose to an end customer a solution and the pricing along with that, we propose it 
on a TCV basis. As I mentioned in the call, the TCV can be anywhere between 3 to 9 ,years 
depending upon the end customer. So, suppose, for example, we have given a TCV for five years 
say for USD 500. 
 
The first year can be around USD 300 and the rest USD 200 can be split across the next four 
years of USD 50 each. So that will be our annuity business coming up every time. Now, the 
purchase order quotes, and everything are taken by from us by the system integrator. Hence we 
always have been we are first among equals for him to come back and give the annuity business. 
 
It is not a contractual obligation for the system integrator to work only with us, but that is where 
our selling proposition, the work which we have done in terms of the first sale, and that is where 
our support we give to the system integrator and the customer on need basis helps us to win 
those annuity businesses. 
Gokul: 
Got it. And just a follow-up, do we plan on increasing the share of direct business, or  is the SI 
path going to be a dominant route for us? 
Swaroop Muvvala: 
Our business model is that we work with the system integrators only. Because the direct business 
would be only an exception rather than the norm for us. 
Gokul: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the last question from Kunal Ochiramani from Alpha Alternatives. Please 
go ahead. 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
Sir, all of my questions have been answered. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to the management team for closing comments. 

 
 
iValue Infosolutions Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Sunil Pillai: 
Thanks, everyone, for this opportunity. And thanks for joining the call. Look forward to the next 
call whenever it happens. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of iValue Infosolutions, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
