INOX CVA 
HISTORICALLY FUTURISTIC 
IIL:SEC:SE:INTM:275 
Date: 10th August, 2026 
Corporate Relations Department 
The Manager Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange ofIndia Ltd 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Exchange Plaza', C-1, Block G, 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Bandra eEl, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 544046 
Symbol: INOXINDIA 
Subject: Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors / Analysts. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
The Company had organized a conference call with the Investors/Analysts on Tuesday, 4th 
August, 2026. A copy of Transcript of conference call held with the Investors/Analysts is 
enclosed herewith and the same is also uploaded on the Website of the Company. 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For INOX India Limited 
Jaymeen Patel 
Company Secretary & Com.j)li·ItI!!~:m'fi 
ClN No.: L99999GJ1976PlC018945 
INOX INDIA LIMITED II 
9th Floor, K P Piatina, Race Course. Vadodara • 390 007. Gujarat India. 1 Tel.: +91265 6160100 1 Fax: +91265 2341449 1 inox@inoxeva.com 1 www.ino,eva.com 
PATEL 
JAYMEEN 
MOHANBHAI
Digitally signed by PATEL JAYMEEN 
MOHANBHAI 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=7293, 
2.5.4.20=5f7e08f8937e166acfcee08429abfc
a3747f5331191630d1180d333c15091d12, 
postalCode=390012, st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=475e4aabd85363e87d82299
881e27d445c5ca275ddcb12eec47db31351
d5fdc8, cn=PATEL JAYMEEN MOHANBHAI 
Date: 2026.08.10 15:11:03 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“INOX India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DEEPAK ACHARYA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
--INOX INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SUNIL LAVATI – VICE PRESIDENT, ACCOUNTS 
AND FINANCE AND HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS -- 
INOX INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ABHINAV NALAWADE – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX India Limited 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to INOX India Q1 FY27 Earnings Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhinav from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Abhinav Nalawade: 
Thank you, Atharva. Good morning to all. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome you all to 
the Q1 FY27 Earnings Call of INOX India Limited. Today, we have with us from the 
management, Mr. Deepak Acharya, CEO; and Mr. Sunil Lavati, VP, Accounts and Fiinance & 
Head Investor Relation. We'll begin with the opening remarks from the management, which will 
be followed by Q&A. 
 
Thank you, and over to you sir. 
Deepak Acharya: 
Thank you, Abhinav ji. Good morning, everyone. I welcome all our stakeholders, investors, 
analysts, friends to the Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call of INOX India Limited. I trust you 
had the opportunity to review our financial results, earnings release and investor presentation, 
which are available on the stock exchanges as well as on our website. 
 
Joining me on the call today is our VP, Accounts and Finance & Head IR, Mr. Sunil Lavati, who 
will later take you through the detailed financial performance of this quarter. Following which, 
we will open the floor for question-and-answer session. 
Let me begin with the overview of the global economic environment. Economic overview. The 
global economy continued to navigate a dynamic landscape shaped by geopolitical uncertainties, 
evolving trade policies and an increased focus on energy security. 
While global supply chains have become more resilient over the past few years, regional 
conflicts, tariff-related developments and fluctuations in energy market continue to influence 
business sentiments and investment decisions across the industry. Despite these near-term 
uncertainties, long-term investments in clean energy, industrial infrastructure, aerospace, 
semiconductor manufacturing and scientific research continue to gain momentum globally. 
The structural growth trends are creating significant opportunity for companies with strong 
engineering and manufacturing capabilities. India continues to stand out as one of the fastest-
growing major economies supported by robust domestic demand, sustained infrastructure 
spending, manufacturing-led growth and supportive policy environments. 
Government initiatives such as Make in India, the Semiconductor Mission, the energy transition, 
and increased investment in strategic sectors are opening up new avenues for advanced 
engineering companies like INOX India. Against this backdrop, I'm pleased to share Q1 FY27 
has been another milestone quarter for INOX India. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX India Limited 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
As guided in our previous interactions, we delivered our highest ever quarterly order inflow of 
approximately INR532 crores, taking our total order book to around INR1,686 crores, the 
highest in the company's history. 
Our export order book now exceeds INR1,140 crores, reflecting the growing global acceptance 
of our engineering capabilities and providing strong revenue visibility for the coming quarters. 
We also continued to execute projects efficiently across all our business verticals while 
maintaining a healthy balance between domestic and international orders. 
Let me now take you through the highlights across our business segments. 
 Industrial Gas Solutions. Starting with our Industrial Gas Solutions business, the quarter 
witnessed several important order wins across the multiple product categories. 
One of the key highlights was the significant order from the space exploration industry for 8 
large 1500 cubic meter cryogenic storage tanks. In addition, we secured orders for 6 more 
cryogenic tanks from the same customer, further strengthening our long-standing association 
with the global space exploration industry. 
More importantly, these repeat orders reflect the confidence that leading global customers place 
in our engineering capabilities. Today, INOX India is increasingly being recognized not only as 
a cryogenic equipment manufacturer but also as a precision engineering partner for global 
aerospace ecosystem. 
The semiconductor segment also recorded encouraging progress during the quarter. We received 
orders for storage and transport equipment for semiconductor manufacturing facilities coming 
up in Dholera. While these initial orders are relatively modest in size, we believe they represent 
the beginning of significant long-term opportunities as India's semiconductor ecosystem 
continue to evolve. 
Our disposable cylinder business continued to perform well. After crossing the milestone of 2 
million cylinders during FY26, we have continued to receive healthy repeat orders from 
customers across the global market. 
Similarly, our Cryoseal and liquid cylinder business continued to gain strong traction in India. 
We expanded our dealer network and further enhanced manufacturing automation, enabling us 
to increase production capacity to meet the growing demand as industries increasingly transition 
from conventional gas cylinders to more efficient liquid cylinder solutions. 
LNG Solutions. 
 Moving to our LNG Solutions business, we continue to witness encouraging development 
across the multiple applications. The decline in the global LNG prices has improved the 
economic viability of LNG as a transition fuel, resulting in renewed momentum in LNG fueling 
infrastructure. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX India Limited 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
During the quarter, we secured multiple orders from the LNG fueling stations from the 
customers, including Sabarmati Gas, Ultra Gas, and BPCL. We also received healthy orders 
from LNG semi-trailers, where we continue to maintain leadership position in Indian market. 
Our Bahamas mini LNG terminal project is progressing well. The first batch of large storage 
tanks has successfully reached the project site, and installation activities are underway. 
We are also encouraged by the development of broader LNG ecosystem in Bahamas with 
additional satellite station opportunities coming around the initial project. This validates the 
success of the first installation and creates further business opportunities for the company. 
After the Bahamas order, we already received 2 additional orders in nearby islands, namely 
Eleuthera and Great Abaco. Execution also continue on the prestigious LNG fuel tank project 
for Cochin Shipyard, making our entry into India's evolving marine LNG segment. 
Cryo-Scientific Division. 
 Coming to Cryo-Scientific Division business, the quarter has been particularly satisfactory. We 
secured a prestigious order from the CERN for the manufacture of highly specialized cryogenic 
modules for one of the world's most advanced particle physics research facility. 
This marks our entry into another globally renowned scientific institution and further strengthens 
our position as a trusted partner for highly complex cryogenic engineering solutions. We also 
received another important order from ITER France, reinforcing our long-standing association 
with one of the world's largest fusion energy research programs. These projects continue to 
demonstrate our capability in delivering highly specialized cryogenic system for globally 
significant scientific infrastructure. 
Beverage keg business 
Our Beverage Keg bussiness continued to make steady progress during the Q1 FY27 as we 
further strengthen our presence across key international markets. During the quarter, we 
continued executing orders from the leading global customers while expanding our engagement 
with strategic brewery partners. 
We remain encouraged by the traction we are witnessing from our approved customer base, 
including the 3 of the world's largest global breweries, Heineken, AB InBev, and Molson Coors. 
These together account for over 40% of the global beer market volumes. 
We received orders from Heineken India, Hartwall Finland for standard keg, and we also 
received requests for quotation from Asahi and CCU Chile. In parallel, we remain focused on 
expanding our portfolio of specialized and non-standard keg variants catering to niche 
applications. 
We have received orders from ORBEN Germany. These value-added products not only enhance 
our competitive differentiation, but also offer superior margin potential compared to standard 
commodity keg. Overall, while the beverage keg business continue to scale gradually, we remain 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX India Limited 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
confident in its long-term growth prospects supported by strong customer base, expanding 
market reach and our focus on different product offering. 
Beyond our core business, we continue to invest in building new growth platforms. During the 
quarter, we further strengthened our competitiveness moat with the receipt of AS9100D 
aerospace quality certification, making another significant milestone. This certification 
significantly expands our addressable market by enabling us to manufacture aerospace 
components for the onboard flight applications. 
Until now, our participation in the aerospace sector has largely been limited to ground support 
equipment. With this certification, we are now eligible to supply onboard system as well, 
opening up significantly large opportunity within the global aerospace value chain. 
We are also partnered with ITM SLS Baroda University to establish a dedicated skill 
development center focused on semiconductor pipeline fabrication and orbital welding. This 
initiative aims to develop skill talent pool to support India's rapidly expanding semiconductor 
manufacturing ecosystem while strengthening our capabilities in high-value engineering 
services. The collaboration also aligns and supports the India Semiconductor Mission through 
specialized training and industry focused skill development programs. 
We also entered into a partnership with Wayout of Sweden to manufacture modular water 
microfactories in India. These innovative containerized systems are designed to convert multiple 
water sources into safe drinking water while significantly reducing the plastic waste. We believe 
this partnership demonstrates how our engineering capabilities can be leveraged beyond the 
traditional cryogenic applications into a suitable industrial solution. 
As we look ahead, our record order backlog, diversified customer base, expanding presence 
across aerospace, LNG, industrial gases, semiconductors and scientific research together with 
our continued investment in technology, manufacturing capabilities and new growth platforms, 
position us well for sustainable long-term growth. We remain committed to operational 
excellence, engineering innovations and creating long-term value for all our stakeholders. Thank 
you once again for your continued trust and support. 
With that, I would now like to invite our VP, Accounts and Finance, Mr. Sunil Lavati to take 
you through the financial performance of this quarter. Thank you very much. 
Sunil Lavati: 
Thank you, Deepak sir, and good morning, everyone. I will now take you through the financial 
highlights for the first quarter ended 30th June '26. For Q1 FY27, total income stood at INR382 
crores representing a growth of approximately 8.3% year-on-year, driven by healthy execution 
across our industrial gas, LNG, cryogenic solutions, and beverage keg businesses, supported by 
a strong mix of domestic and export deliveries. 
 
EBITDA stood at INR90 crores, registering a growth of 1.4% year-on-year reflecting continued 
operational efficiency and favorable business mix. Profit after tax stood at INR61 crores, a flat 
performance on a year-on-year basis. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX India Limited 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
As of June 30th, 2026, our order book stood at INR1,686 crores, the highest in the company's 
history, providing strong revenue visibility for the coming quarters. Of this, over INR1,140 
crores comprise export orders, underscoring our strong international presence and diversified 
customer base. 
Our liquidity continues to remain comfortable with total fund availability of INR331 crores as 
on 30 June '26, providing adequate financial flexibility to support ongoing project execution, 
capacity expansion initiatives, including the Kandla facility and other strategic growth 
opportunities. That concludes my remarks on the financial performance for the quarter. 
I would now request the moderator to open the floor for the question-and-answer session. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Jay Negandhi from Ambit Capital. 
Jay Negandhi: 
My first question is on the aerospace market. Now that we have received a new certification that 
enables us to supply on-flight products as well. So by how much does that expand our TAM to 
what value? And what products and solutions are we targeting to supply to these customers now? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes. Traditionally, we have been qualified for ground equipment so far. With this certification, 
now we'll be qualified for bidding several projects which are coming up. And as you know, the 
Indian Space Research Organization is in full throttle to see that more and more private 
participation is coming up in the industry. 
 
We have been discussing with ISRO and other organizations or other startup companies for 
various products which we can manufacture. Some of them will be like propellant tanks, which 
are part of the rocket. Even Indian government has received an EoI for LVM3 manufacturing. 
With all this, there is a good potential going forward to see that we can manufacture this 
equipment at INOX India. 
 
This certification is the first criteria or the eligibility criteria for most of the equipment to be 
supplied on the flight. So that way, we are very much positioned well because we have 
experience of ground equipment and with this, we are now completing the eligibility requirement 
with solid financials of our company. 
Jay Negandhi: 
All right. My next question would be on the semiconductor market. So we entered into the 
semiconductor infra space through supplying tanks, and we have also launched the skill 
development program. So directionally, does that increase our TAM with respect to addressing 
the semicon market in the future? And I also wanted to understand if this skill development 
program for pipeline fabrication, would it be eventually used in fab plants or OSAT plants or 
both? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes. See, as you know, we are concentrating all our efforts to see that we grew multifold into 
the semiconductor business. So we are supplying equipment to Micron, Foxconn, Tata Assam 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX India Limited 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
project, Tata Dholera project, and many more now. And basically, this cryogenic equipment, 
transfer lines for VJ lines, this is one of the capital equipment for this. 
 
And the industrial gasses, which are to be supplied to this, is very high purity of the order of 5N 
or 6N category, we call it. And we are one of the pioneer in manufacturing such equipment. We 
already supplied earlier equipment to Singapore and Japan, so we have very good quality set up 
for us manufacturing such equipment. 
On the semiconductor pipeline skill center, while discussing with these major semiconductor 
complexes, we found that there is a shortage of people into this area. And it is difficult for us  to 
execute this project without any support of such people. Whenever we're talking about, like, say, 
Micron project in Ahmedabad, they require at least 200 to 300 skilled workers to manage this 
pipeline. 
So presently, India doesn't have these skilled people, so we have started   training the people. 
Their first batch is also now qualified, and we'll be supplying this to most of the semiconductor 
projects in India. And we see a great potential going forward for this semiconductor pipeline 
business in India. 
Jay Negandhi: 
All right. If I could just squeeze in a small one. Our order intake has been pretty strong in the 
previous quarter, this quarter as well, more than INR500 crores. And our press releases suggest 
that in the coming quarter also the order intake is going to be strong. So does that feel, like, do 
you feel the need for an upward revision in the guidance that we have given, which was close to 
INR450 crores to INR500 crores of order intake? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes, slightly. See, we normally get many lumpy orders like what we recently received from the 
aerospace company, maybe a few mini LNG terminal orders. So such type of projects definitely 
increase our order intake in a substantial manner. And we are quite hopeful that there are many 
such projects which are in pipeline. And if they all come to us, definitely, our growth will be 
much higher than what we had anticipated. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Mohit Chugh from Subh Labh Research. 
Mohit Chugh: 
Sir, my first question is, based on U.S. entry opportunity. Sir, I remember that the entity which 
we had non-compete agreement is probably leaving the USA, and we were legally exploring 
entry into that geography. Any update on the same? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes. upto 2028, we have this agreement. And we have started our spreadwork now, but once it 
is finalized, we will let you know. So we cannot enter that market before the year of '28. We are 
in the process of seeing how we can start this operation. 
Mohit Chugh: 
Sure, sir. Good, good. And sir, my second question is, in FY26 annual report, I read that we are 
entering into transformer tank business. Please help us understand the economics of the business 
in terms of average order value and what margins profile can we make? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX India Limited 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Deepak Acharya: 
See, that was one of the small initiative, I should say, we have taken. And we got some orders 
from GE for that. And the transformer tanks we have already manufactured, but what we are 
seeing, even though the margins are better, basically this is a carbon steel fabrication, so this 
does not really fall into our manufacturing capabilities. And though there is a big market, we 
may not continue with this business going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Shubham from ICICI Securities. 
Shubham: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. And I have 2 questions. First being the company has 
recently signed agreement with Wayout   to explore freshwater infra system. So can we expect 
significant inflows from this going forward? 
And second would be the inflow for this quarter was boosted by mega order in industrial gas 
segment from global space exploration sector. So are there more such orders in pipeline? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes. We tied up with Wayout of Sweden to manufacture micro factories, which will convert any 
source of water, maybe river, sea or groundwater, or the industrial wastewater, and convert it 
into safe drinking water. So these micro factories are very special equipment, which they have 
developed and innovated for last 3/4 years. So they'll be transferring their technology to 
manufacture this, and we'll be manufacturing those equipment. 
 
Besides that, we will be using our kegs, which we produce for other beverages, for water 
circulation, so which will reduce the plastic bottle consumption by a huge number, and it will 
have advantage of carbon emission reduction substantially. So this is the project, and the first 
module's designing is over now, and we'll be constructing next 6 to 8 months, and it will be 
tested and tried at our facility. 
And once this is successful, then it will be manufactured in mass basis that in India so that we 
become very competitive in the world. One such a project is already   in Dubai, and people are 
very happy with it, that I was told. So going forward, we see a good amount of potential into 
this. 
As you see, the water scarcity and safe drinking water is always a question mark for our country. 
Definitely, there are 600 million people who are starving for good, safe drinking water. So we 
have this opportunity, so we will be taking this forward. What was your second question? On 
the aerospace, you said something? 
Shubham: 
Yes. 
Deepak Acharya: 
So on the aerospace, yes, we have in the last quarter of   the last year, we received orders, the 
first quarter we received order, and the second quarter also, we have now received the order, 
which we already published to the SEBI and other authorities. 
 
We expect that such orders will be coming because there's a huge expansion all over the world, 
and even you can see the many startup companies in India are also putting heavy amount of 
capex for aerospace. So we see good potential for such type of orders going forward. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX India Limited 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Divyam Ketan Doshi from 9 to 3 Capital. 
Divyam Ketan Doshi: 
Congratulations, sir, on the wonderful set of numbers and great order inflow. I just wanted to 
know how is the LNG performing. As you said, it is a very slow moving  but how is it 
performing? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes. LNG, what we have seen last few quarters, especially in India, the growth was not that fast. 
But now looking to the LNG pricing, which is slightly low as compared to the earlier figures, 
the delta between the diesel and LNG is quite substantial now. With this, even we'll see -- we 
are seeing a lot of fueling or CGD companies emphasizing on fueling stations. 
 
So already we have received a request for quotation from PSUs, at least two, three PSUs 
contributing to almost 20, 25 stations going forward. And even the automotive industry is 
pushing it hard. The Government of India is pushing it hard. The marine sector is also moving 
very fast. The shipping industry is utilizing LNG on a larger basis. So all put together, we see a 
great potential for LNG in coming few years now. 
Divyam Ketan Doshi: 
Okay. And one more question. The order which we got for a cryogenic tank for space company, 
so who is the biggest competitor for us there? 
Deepak Acharya: 
There is only one competitor, which we know, that is from U.S., and that is Chart Industries, 
who is manufacturing this.  Such large tank manufacturing capabilities are very few in the world. 
Divyam Ketan Doshi: 
Okay. And also one last question, sorry to squeeze in. Can you also give us the segment-wise 
EBITDA? 
Deepak Acharya: 
We don't calculate segment-wise EBITDA. We calculate in totality. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Mohit Surana from Monarch Networth Capital 
Limited. 
Mohit Surana: 
Congratulations on the stellar set of order booking and order intake. Sir, as of today, I think our 
order intakes are worth of INR1,400 crores. I'm including INR930 crores worth of orders   that 
you got in June & July month. Sir, out of that INR1,400 crores kind of order, how much is from 
the U.S. aerospace company? That is one question. 
And second, we have seen order booking flat for Cryo-Scientific and LNG division. Any color 
on how are we thinking on ramping up our order intakes on those segments? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes. Out of the total order book as on today, maybe around INR400 crores will be the aerospace, 
and balance will be other IG, LNG, and CSD. As we see the LNG and Cryo Scientific, we have 
bidded for so many projects. And we are just waiting for the order to get realized. 
 
Basically, because of these customer delays, statutory regulatory authorities approvals, and may 
be some impact of this geopolitical situation, the big projects are getting delayed. But we are 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX India Limited 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
quite hopeful that this will materialize in next one or two quarters. So the growth that we 
anticipate in LNG and CSD will continue as per our predictions. 
Mohit Surana: 
Understood. Sir, when will be the bidding for ISRO and the Andaman Nicobar mini LNG 
terminal project is expecting to start? Have you got any sense from the government on that? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes. The solicitation for bidding of Andaman Nicobar is by month-end now. The RFQ for the 
third launch pad is likely to get released   by month-end. 
Mohit Surana: 
Understood. And sir, just one last question, if I can squeeze in. What's the update on the new 
manufacturing plant that you are setting up? What's the kind of completion date you are 
targeting? 
Deepak Acharya: 
At Kandla? 
Mohit Surana: 
Yes. 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes. Kandla work is going on in full speed. The civil work is under construction is going on. 
And we have already ordered the PEB structures, and all major machines is ordered. So 
hopefully by December end or mid of January, we should be in a position to start the operation 
at Kandla. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Bhavika from CJ Shah. 
Bhavika: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. My first question is basically on the semiconductor 
side. So how much orders are you expecting from semiconductors   in the future? 
Deepak Acharya: 
So as you know that we have entered into semiconductor business in just last 2, 3 quarters now. 
And whatever the opportunities are coming in, we are 100% grabbing the opportunities. 
However, exactly the total value of orders is difficult for me to tell you at this moment. But we 
have recently received from Dholera project around INR30 crores odd plus for the tank, for the 
storage and this thing, and transport equipment. 
 
And we have earlier supplied to   order from Micron as well, for  Dholera project. So we are not 
losing any order, that much I can tell you. But how much will be there from the semiconductor 
is a difficult question for me to answer at this moment. But knowing our engineering capabilities 
and our manufacturing excellence, and our experience in manufacturing such equipment for 
more than a decade, we are quite well-placed for executing these orders. 
Bhavika: 
Got it. And sir, second question I have on the revenue side. Like in this quarter, we did below 
18% to 20% growth indicated earlier. Is it due to the logistic disruption? And with an order 
backlog which we have right now, how much of the current backlog is expected to be executed 
in FY27? 
 
And how much we'll be seeing it executed in the next going forward '28, '29? And along with 
that, also if you can highlight that on the EBITDA margin, which has been declined this quarter 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX India Limited 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
from the last year, what is the reason behind it? And is it because of the new facility which   we 
have started at Savli facility? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Okay. You asked so many questions. I forgot the first question, but still I'll answer. Okay. So 
basically, the revenue we did INR382 crores and we have targeted something around INR410 
crores or INR415 crores. Let me tell you, almost INR32 crores to INR35 crores equipment, 
which was kept ready for dispatch could not be dispatched because of several issues like logistics 
pricing going up, supply chain small issues, maybe ships not available, so many things. 
 
And we did not want to take any chance that it gets stuck up somewhere. So that was one of the 
reason. If you would have done that INR32 crores or INR35 crores, we would have been in the 
range of almost 18% to 20% range what we already projected. On the EBITDA margins, you 
said, we have -- though the EBITDA margins are slightly less as compared to the last quarter, 
but our margins are still 23.5%, which is within the range from 21% to 24% guidance what we 
have provided. What was another question then? 
Bhavika: 
The Savli facility, about on that. How's the operations going there? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes. Savli facility, the recent new facility, we have already started the civil work & we have 
already ordered all the equipments, which are major long lead equipments, and the Pre-
Engineered Building structures is also ordered now. So out of the total capex budget. You're -- 
Savli or Kandla you're asking? 
Bhavika: 
Savli. 
Deepak Acharya: 
Oh, Savli we have completed everything, then. Sorry, I'm sorry. We have everything and both 
the shops, Cryo shop and the keg shop is under full production now. 
Bhavika: 
Got it. And sir, the next question is on the Highview Power order status. Like in the previous 
call, you have mentioned that the next Highview Power project is expected to be in 6 to 8 months. 
So is anything happening right now on that side? 
Deepak Acharya: 
No, we have supplied the equipments, but the new project initiation is slightly delayed now at 
their place because of some issues, may be the regulatory issues I was told. So once that is over, 
then we will -- but we have bidded for all the projects which they have asked us on that. So we 
are in quite in line with their requirement. And the products what we suggested to them, they 
have agreed for the in complete. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Preet Jain from Niveshaay. 
Preet Jain: 
Yes. Congratulations on good set of numbers. So basically, in the previous call, you stated that 
the employee cost at your new opex at your new facility is much larger than the utilization. So 
is the new facility now of beverage keg now being utilized at higher levels? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes. Recently, in the first as well as the second quarter now, we are seeing good orders coming 
in. However, still, we are not fully utilizing the facility to the fullest because we have a capacity 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX India Limited 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
to manufacture 300,000 kegs. But going forward, we see the good traction for the kegs market 
and our approval and other quality what we have supplied to all customers. So we expect a lot 
of repeat orders in this financial year. 
Preet Jain: 
And also, sir, when we are seeing the private space in India, a lot of competitors are coming and 
emerging in this space, and they are currently at INR200-odd crores of top line. So are there a 
competition to us? Because we saw 2, 3 private players in India in Gujarat also, one player is 
coming and Cryogenic OGS, a listed player also increased its capacity, announced increased its 
capacity. So are they a competition for... 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes. See, we are not afraid of any competition coming in. But let me tell you, these equipments 
are mission-critical equipment. So whenever the customer evaluates the offer, they really see 
what is your past track record and experience in delivering such products with high quality and 
during the timeline period. 
 
So we are not sure that we will not be getting the orders because we have a better, you can say, 
experience into these delivering such products. And definitely, people will come to us. Even the 
eligibility criteria for such big projects are very stringent, and we don't expect that smaller people 
will enter into this field. 
Preet Jain: 
Okay. And on the nuclear side, any updates? On the -- we also supply to some nuclear players. 
So any updates on any new order on that side or any growth trigger on that side of... 
Deepak Acharya: 
Barring the nuclear fusion experimental, which is in ITER, we have not received any order, but 
we are now concentrating on developing products for the nuclear sector as well. So whenever 
we have some good news for you, we'll let you know. 
Preet Jain: 
Okay. And this 18% to 20% growth is intact for this year  for FY27? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Absolutely. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Saif Sohrab Gujar from ICICI Prudential. 
Saif Sohrab Gujar: 
My question is on the U.S. private space order, given for a few quarters now, you have been 
declaring orders from that segment, right? And even in July, the exchange filings are there, so 
which includes such order. How big is the overall exposure for you in terms of order book, may 
be as on July, this is the last exchange filing you had, right, from those? And in terms of the 
execution timelines, are these like more long cycle orders or these are still executable just like 
the normal business we have? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes. This is like what you rightly said, the fourth quarter of the last year, the first quarter of this 
year, the second quarter of this year, we have received orders from this company. And the overall 
order is more than INR1,000 crores from this company. And we are quite well positioned to 
manufacture this equipment at our Kandla and the new Savli facility. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX India Limited 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
 
The timeline for this project is something around a year to 2-year time. So end of FY28, we have 
to deliver these equipment because these are very big equipments and first of its kind equipment. 
So we have a time of around 2 years to deliver these products. 
Saif Sohrab Gujar: 
And in terms of execution, this would be more like percentage completion or these are like as 
and when deliver the tanks? 
Deepak Acharya: 
For this year, it will be on percentage completion. But next year, it will be a dispatch stage. 
Saif Sohrab Gujar: 
And just one second thing is on the domestic ordering, sir. If we look at overall ordering, it has 
been strong led by mainly exports, right? But domestic last few quarters, we have seen ordering 
to be in range bound or broadly a range, right? So how do you see domestic ordering picking up, 
sir, going from here? 
Deepak Acharya: 
So normally, if you see the trend of domestic ordering, quarter 1, quarter 2 is always slightly 
slow. So   there are plenty of opportunities in the market for steel, health care, semiconductor, 
chemicals, the gas industry, so many opportunities are there. So we are hopeful that whatever 
the 60-40 ratio, which we normally maintain in the domestic and international that will be 
maintained going forward. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Pravesh Kochar from Four Lion Capital. 
Pravesh Kochar: 
On the private aerospace business, if there is expansion from one launch a month to one launch 
a week and maybe a launch a day, how does that sort of expand our business in the components 
that we supply? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes. We told you last time also perhaps this is basically a capex-based item and at the launch 
pad. So once this total installations are done, I think that will be the capacity for them to launch 
on a maybe weekly basis or per day basis. So that capacity will be then utilized on a regular 
basis. 
 
So maybe for this launch pad where the equipment will be supplied, maybe additional equipment 
won't come. But there are many other opportunities going forward that they may expand further 
for different type of equipments which we require. So like one after the tanks, then they gave us 
the order for heat exchangers now. So different equipments can come up over a period of time. 
 
And as their growth is happening not only with this customer, but many other customers in U.S., 
Japan and other countries. And even in India, we are seeing a lot of private companies coming 
in. The aerospace sector is booming in my opinion, and we are very well placed because of our 
engineering excellence and expertise in manufacturing and delivering the products in time and 
our reputation in the market for a reliable manufacturer for the aerospace industry. 
Pravesh Kochar: 
Got it. And my second question is on the non-aerospace IG business. Are you seeing any sort of 
market share gains in the global market with the acquisitions and consolidations that have 
happened? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX India Limited 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes, for domestic  market also, we are seeing plenty of opportunity for the steel plants. So many 
of the steel plants are putting a lot of new equipment. Even there are new players coming in. We 
have semiconductor. We have these chemical companies, petroleum companies, so many even 
health care. So this will grow like anything. And our growth in this sector may be around 15% 
to 18% in industrial gas sector. 
Pravesh Kochar: 
This is the non aerospace IG, sir? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes, yes. 
Pravesh Kochar: 
Understood. And lastly, can you give some color on the new contract you have got from CERN 
on the Cryo-Scientific side? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes. This is a very special project at the Nuclear Research Center in Europe. And   these 
equipment are very special equipment. Very few companies in the world can really manufacture 
this equipment. This is for particle physics research experiment. So whatever the protons, 
electrons and neutrons will be there. They'll be doing a research on these particles and may be 
they will do fragmentation of these particles through these colliders. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Alisha Mahawla from Trust Mutual Fund. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Just wanted to understand the challenges we faced in Q1. What is the update on that? Are we 
still seeing logistic disruptions? Are we still seeing delays in dispatches? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Actually, our delayed dispatches was basically because of the logistic issues because in the last 
few days, we suddenly saw a tremendous increase in the freight rates and availability of ships 
for the dispatches, especially to the Middle East and even to some other countries as well. 
 
So barring that, I don't think there will be big challenges on to this, maybe slightly   the price 
increase is there, the logistics, we have to talk to the customer and the customer has to agree that 
pricing. So it takes a little longer time for discussion. So during the last 15, 20 days, dispatches 
that is getting affected, but it will stabilize over a period of time now. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
So you are saying that in July also, we have seen some of these disruptions continue? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Definitely   July whole month also, the prices of logistics, which was earlier like if you want to 
send a container to Europe, it was costing, say, $3,000, $4,000. Now it is $8000, $9000. So this 
is impacting this one. But most of the cases, the logistic cost is under the customer scope. But 
many customers, they defer the deliveries for some time   and wait for freight reductions. So 
that's why the dispatch gets affected a little bit. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Understood. Since in the first half largely will be disrupted because of these external challenges, 
are we still confident of doing the 18%, 20% growth for this year? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Could not hear properly. What you said? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX India Limited 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Alisha Mahawla: 
I'm saying since the first half is largely going to be impacted because of these macro disruption, 
are we still confident of doing the 18%, 20% growth this year? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes, yes. The overall growth, what we see in a yearly basis is we are quite confident. And we 
are like working hand-in-hand with them so that we plan properly, we take them into 
consideration their special requirements. And this is not a long time, we can say, issue. So sooner 
or later, this problem will get resolved. Maybe quarter 1, we are not done, quarter 2 we'll do. 
Like that. So growth-wise on revenue-wise, whatever guidance we have given as 18% to 20%, 
we are quite confident that we'll achieve these targets. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Understood. And in light of the large orders that we have received in the last couple of months, 
would we start seeing an acceleration in execution from second half of this year? Or would that 
largely be for next year? 
Deepak Acharya: 
You're talking about the aerospace orders? 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Yes. 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes, the aerospace order will start in this third or fourth quarter a little bit. But most of them, it 
will be carried into the next year, actual dispatch,   on project completion basis, we can take 
some advantage... 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ansh Shah from Mangal Keshav Financials. 
Ansh Shah: 
Congratulations, sir, on a set of good numbers. My first question was on the kegs business. So 
with the approval from global brewery majors coming now, how should we think about the keg 
capacity utilization and the revenue scale up in FY27 and '28? Like has the business crossed the 
breakeven point? And last discussed if the Savli plant was operating at a utilization of 25% to 
30%, what is the utilization currently? And what ramp-up of -- can you give a timeline basically 
of utilization as well? 
Deepak Acharya: 
The kegs business is a little dicey business, I can say now with my experience, but we are now 
approved by a major breweries. So even we have received inquiry from Asahi as well and many 
other like Heineken, Anheuser-Busch InBev, and Molson Coors. And we also received very 
good order this quarter from one of the biggest brewery in U.K. also. So going forward, we see 
at least from 30% utilization to 50% to 60% utilization by end of the year. 
Ansh Shah: 
Okay, sir. That's great. And my second question is that you've spoken about these multiple future 
opportunities and optionalities across these different segments like aerospace, semicon, defense, 
marine, LNG, water solutions. So can you help us understand which can be commercially 
material over the next 2, 3 years like timeline-wise, and what are the long-term future 
optionalities? 
Deepak Acharya: 
No, all these like marine and semiconductor, all these are opportunities which are like directly 
converted into business, and we will have some revenue generation from these. As you know, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX India Limited 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
the shipbuilding industry in India is going with a rapid fast movement. And most of the ships 
which are manufactured in India will be now based on LNG as a fuel. 
 
So the first order which we received from Cochin Shipyard now, and more and more orders will 
be coming in due course of time. And on the semiconductor front, yes, we are banging upon   
very aggressively, and we are trying to get each and every order   in our fold. And we are also 
developing products which are required. 
 
I told you earlier also that we have started a skill center where we can train the people for 
building up this pipeline because there's a huge amount of pipeline in the semiconductor 
complex. So that is a big business we are looking at. And there is this shortage of people, 
especially the skilled people for such type of work. And we are geared up to see that we cater to 
this market as well. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Jay Negandhi from Ambit Capital. 
Jay Negandhi: 
I just wanted a quick update on if we have any updates basis the data center cooling solutions 
prototype that you were developing? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes, we have just frozen about the line now. And we will be doing some sort of additional review 
with some consultants. And once that is done and the clarity is obtained on that, then prototype 
development will start.   
Jay Negandhi: 
Any specific timeline of the completion and if there is any commercialization plan? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Commercialization should take at least 1 to 1.5 years now. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Madhu Agrawal from Agrawal Family Office. 
Madhu Agrawal: 
This water manufacturing is very exciting with Wayout. Could you help us understand what will 
be the approximate cost? And what is the end market we are looking at? Are we looking at this 
being primarily to export or serve a domestic market? Just to understand a little bit more about 
what's happening in that space. 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes. This is a very innovative product, I can say, and we have tied up with this company of 
Sweden called as Wayout, and they have innovated this microfactory. So the basic purpose of 
this microfactory is to utilize any source of water and convert into drinkable portable water. So 
that is the idea. 
 
Another thing is like it can be at the user point of place, where, for example, if you get a plastic 
bottles, it is manufactured maybe in Mumbai and distributed to all over the world. But here in 
this case, if you have a requirement in Mumbai or maybe some corporate office, this 
microfactory can be installed at that place. And it can produce almost like 20,000 liters of water 
every day, so which can cater to almost like 1,000 people in one go. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX India Limited 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
And the approximate price we have not worked out because we are just in the getting the 
quotations for different products, but it will be less than INR1 million of for the microfactory 
and associated equipment required, such as keg and dispenser. And the advantage of this water 
is like you can have addition of micronutrients, pH value additions or improvement. 
So depending it is like you fix the menu what you want and you can change the water 
requirement depending on the individual requirement. So that is what is the basic advantage. So 
once we develop this product, I think it will be a very good in demand. And the best advantage 
is that you can avoid use of plastic bottles for water storage and use the stainless steel kegs what 
we produce. 
So that will reduce the carbon emissions and other things on a great extent. So this is the basic 
idea of developing this product and getting it manufactured in India at a, you can say, 
competitive pricing, which can be used in India as well as can be exported to globally in global 
market. 
Madhu Agrawal: 
Aabsolutely. That's actually a fantastic tailwind sector to be in. So we think in India, will we be 
able to do this under INR10 lakh because globally right now, it's about INR1 crores to get the 
microfactory? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes. Yes. So we'll try. Once we develop this model and see what are the instruments and what 
are the equipment required, we'll come up with the pricing and other things. But hopefully, 
knowing our -- I mean, resources in India and the labor rates and engineering cost will be 
substantially lower than the European manufacturers. 
Madhu Agrawal: 
Got it. And when do we expect to do the first commercial... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, ma'am. Due to time constraint, that will be our last question. And I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Thank you, and 
over to you. 
Deepak Acharya: 
Thank you very much. Thank you for all the participants, and we had a very good interaction. 
And we are quite confident whatever the guidelines we have provided in the past for the future 
quarters, we will be in a position to maintain our commitments. And thank you for your interest 
shown in INOX India and your participation into INOX India's further movement and further, 
you can say, progress is well appreciated. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
