 
 
 CIN : L30009GJ2003PLC043419 
                  August 04, 2026 
To,  
The Listing Compliance Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
‘Exchange Plazza’,C-1,Block G,  
Bandra kurla complex (BKC),  
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051,  
Maharashtra, India  
 
Symbol: MACPOWER  
Series:EQ  
ISIN: INE155Z01011  
 
Subject: Submission of Conference call transcript.  
 
Dear sir/ Madam,  
 
The Company had organized a conference call for the Investors on Thursday, 
July 30, 2026 at 2:00 PM to discuss the financial results for the quarter 
ended on June 30, 2026.  
 
The transcript of the said conference call held with the Investors is enclosed 
herewith. The Company shall also disseminate the above information on the 
website of the Company- https://macpowercnc.com/  
 
Request you to kindly take note of the same.  
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours Faithfully 
For MACPOWER CNC MACHINES LIMITED  
 
 
 
____________________ 
KISHOR KIKANI 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
KISHORBHAI 
MADHUBHA
I KIKANI
Digitally signed by 
KISHORBHAI 
MADHUBHAI KIKANI 
Date: 2026.08.04 
18:14:45 +05'30'

 
 
 
Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
 
Q1 FY27 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
July 30, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Rupesh Mehta - Chairman & Managing Director 
Mr. Vishal Mehta, Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Kishore Kikani, Company Secretary 
& Management Team 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 
Disclaimer: - This transcript is edited for factual errors.

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 24 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor 
Relations team, I welcome you all to the Q1 FY27, Post Earnings 
Conference Call of Macpower CNC Machines Limited. Today on the 
call from the management we have with us, Mr. Rupesh Mehta, 
Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Vishal Mehta, Chief Financial 
Officer, Mr. Kishore Kikani, Company Secretary, and the management 
team.  
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements which may involve risk and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded.  
 
I would now request the management to brief us about the business and 
performance highlights for the period ended June 2026, the growth plan 
and vision for the coming year, post which we will open the floor for 
Q&A. Over to the management team. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you very much Vinayji and team Kaptify to arranging the very 
nice concall of quarter one Good afternoon everyone. I warmly 
welcome all of you to our Q1 FY27 post result conference call. Thank 
you for taking time out of your busy schedule to join us. We truly value 
your continuous interest and support. The financial result and 
presentation have been uploaded on the company's website. I hope you 
have had a chance to review them. I will bring my walking you through 
the key highlights of our Q1 FY27 performance, followed by an update 
on our strategic initiative and growth outlook. After that, we will be 
happy to take your questions.  
 
We are pleased to state that in quarter one FY27, the company delivered 
its highest-ever performance across revenue, EBITDA, and PAT for 
any quarter one. Revenue stood at INR95.24 crores, registered a y-o-y 
growth of 56.1%. EBITDA stood at INR15.43 crore, grown by 95% in 
y-o-y. And EBITDA margin of 16.20%, PAT stood at INR9.58 crore, 
grown by 110% y-o-y with the PAT margin of 10.06%. Average 
machine realization around INR20 lakh. CapEx during quarter one was 
INR2.25 crore, internal CapEx has led to corresponding increase in 
depreciation. Robust order book and strong demand in pipeline, 
pending order book of quarter one stands at INR456 crore, reflecting 
32% y-o-y growth. NEXA series contribution around 40% of the 
pending order book. Domestic bid submitted INR739 crore. Tender bid 
under evolution INR304 crores and domestic quotations is in pipeline 
for INR1,000-plus crore INR1,043 crore.  

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 24 
 
 
New product innovation. Recently we have successfully developed and 
launched several new models in Q1 like DCM 2518, double column 
machines, LX 1000 and TOM 200 with Y-axis.  
 
Infrastructure expansion for future growth. In line with our aggressive 
growth strategy and sustained momentum in order flow, we have 
selected 13 acres, 9 plus 4 for green zone of land on a 30 years long 
term, legally registered lease near our existing plant. The new facility 
will enable de-bottlenecking, de-congestion, backward integration and 
significant scaling of our operations to support our long term growth 
ambitions. State-of-the-art assembly facility will be centrally air-
conditioned, shop floor on approximately 1.5 lakh to 2 lakh square feet. 
Targeted completion of this facility within 12 months. Estimated 
investment of this expansion is INR50 crores. Benefit of this expansion 
from Vikshit Gujarat New Industrial Policy 2026 is including 25% 
capital subsidy plus 7% interest subsidy. 
 
Funding is expected through prudent mix of internal accruals and debt. 
Focus on captive solar power to reduce energy costs. We are also 
expanding our market presence, currently operating new 10 branches 
office and 8 technology centres. Recently opened new branches in 
Kolkata, upcoming branches in Nashik, upcoming technology centre in 
Pune, Kolhapur, Mumbai western part. Expanding sales and service 
networks, participating and spending the marketing budget by 
exhibitions. Future guidance with the strong order book of INR456 
crore, almost y-o-y 32% grown by last year to this year. And expanding 
high-end product portfolio and ongoing CapEx, we are - confirm our 
delivering another year of robust growth and are looking at plus 30%. 
Now we are changing our last concall, we had committed 28% to 30% 
growth but now look at our raw material situation is in our hand, man 
power is in our hand and the huge order book.  
 
So we are slightly we are increasing our growth target by 30-plus 
percentage in this coming year. We remain focused on a profitable 
growth, operational excellence and long-term value create for our 
stakeholder.  
 
I would now like to open the floor for question, then you once again 
thank you for your participation. Yeah, Vinayji, can you please open 
the new green zone areas layout? 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Sir, one minute, I am having an issue at my end, not able to open it. Just 
give me one minute. Sir in the meanwhile, we can take questions. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 24 
 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Right. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Yeah, one minute, we are just getting it started. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
These are the new 13 acre areas planned. Already the planning is 
completed and we had given the agency work to the Taknik 
Ahmedabad. They are the master for industrial projects and maybe 
within a short time we will start the construction work also. Thank you 
Vinayji, we can start question now. 
 
Question-and-Answer 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. 
[Operator Instructions]. We'll take the first question from Agastya 
Dave. Please go ahead.  
 
Agastya Dave: 
Am I audible? 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, Agastya. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Rupeshji, thank you very much for the opportunity and good 
performance, sir. Sir, I would like to point out, last year, same quarter, 
there was a little low base effect. So this year you have made up on it., 
and you have also increased the guidance, sir, but how much confidence 
level do you have that the order book and the bid pipeline that you have 
made so strong will translate in the next 12, 18 months into 
continuously better revenues, sir? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Overall, this year's quarter, quarter 2, quarter 3, quarter 4, will be at an 
all-time high in the history of Macpower, in terms of our material, 
manpower, and order book. The data of all three will not be a problem 
for us. And as I said earlier, Agastyaji, the first quarter is 15%, 20% of 
the business, because there is no balance in March, there is no financing, 
but this quarter has been exceptional. So it shows the story of growth. 
So even now we are assuming that our calculation was 15%, 20%, the 
first quarter has been the same, the second quarter will also be good, in 
the third quarter, we say 25%, 30%, and whatever is left in the last 
quarter, it happens. So this is the nature of capital goods industries, so 
there has been no growth in the first quarter in any exceptional case. It 
is the same story of 15-20%. The next quarter will be according to the 
pattern of the industries, quarter 2 and quarter 3, it is almost similar. 
And whatever is left in quarter 4, it is 30% to 35%.  
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 24 
 
So the visibility is still the same, and the pattern of order receiving is 
coming more than delivery, day by day and month by month. So I think 
that the journey that we have been telling for 2 years that all the quarter 
will be the highest, that journey will be in next year and after that also, 
this is our belief.  
 
Agastya Dave: 
Sir, second question, my last question from my side is that in your new 
facility, you have written two, three things, I wanted clarification on 
that. One you said 25% capital subsidy, so your CapEx of INR50 crores, 
25% of that will come or you have written the net number INR50 
crores? Second you have said7% interest subsidy, all these benefits will 
come in one year or will be spread over a period of time, and how will 
you recognize that? And this new facility sir, its capacity is equal to 
your existing capacity. I mean it will be difficult to compare, because 
the machines will be different. So if you can tell some quantitative and 
qualitative aspects of the new facility, and what is the visibility for the 
new facility sir? Are you already getting orders for the new facility 
which you have to deliver? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Orders will not come, Agastyaji, based on the facility. Orders will come 
in our regular product basket only. Let me tell you about the subsidy 
first, so yes, I have been in the subsidy committee, and I have also been 
present in the meeting of the CM and Deputy CM. So I know about this 
policy. I understand this policy very deep. So 25% is our category B. 
We come in the developed district, so 25%, if it is undeveloped then 
35%. So we are eligible for 25%, we will not get subsidy on land, but 
we have not bought land. So whatever CapEx we do there, machinery, 
construction, we will get 25% on the total amount, which will be 
divided in 5 years.  
 
The second which we will get is 7% interest subsidy, my bank will 
charge me around 8.25%, so that quarter on quarter, for 5 years or 7 
years, till the loan runs, its maximum value of 10%. So we will get these 
two facilities from the government, and from the new facilities will be 
developed Agastyaji, there is no new product basket coming in it. This 
is the product basket. We have almost 364 variants, and bringing new 
products is our regular practice. Every year we bring 3, 4, 5 new 
products. So in the visibility there, we have decided that first we will 
shift the assembly, centrally world class assembly practice, we will shift 
it in that area, then we will calculate and do some de-bottlenecking, and 
then we will do the calculation of capacity. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 24 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Sir, thank you very much, I have some more questions, but I will go 
back in the queue. We are allowed only two questions the first time. 
Thank you sir. All the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, we will take the next question from Sanjay Ladha. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Hi sir. Is my voice audible? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, you are audible Sanjayji. 
 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Hi sir, thank you. Congratulations on a very good set of numbers, sir. 
Sir, my question is that currently our capacity is around 2,500 units. Can 
you tell me how much capacity utilization is going on now, and the 
growth expectation of 30% which is our guidance, as I saw in the 
presentation, you highlighted that the first phase is 2,000 addition 
capacity, so till when will that 2,000 addition come, because you said 
5,000 in a year, that 5,000 capacity will be live in a year. So till when 
will 2,000 come, and how much is the capacity utilization of the 2,500? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
What you are talking about 2,000 that was our 60-acre defence policy 
land, at that time we said that we will add 2,000, Sanjayji. Now we don't 
have a 60 acre government land. I think the policies are ready from the 
committee and the industrial commissioner, now it is on the table of the 
industrial minister. And I think anytime they are releasing the new 
policy. So this 2000 thing, we have to bring it up to 10,000 phase wise, 
that land has not come to us yet. But we have been delayed due to the 
government, so we have done this 13 acre idea, now if we talk about the 
capacity, I think that in this year's capacity of 2,500, we are going to do 
90 plus percent utilization, 
 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Sir, what was the last year number if you can tell, because I wanted to 
know, what was the last year growth in 30% and this year you are 
talking about 90%. Was the last year number less? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Last year our revenue was INR333 crores, and our average price is 
INR20 lakhs, and this year it will be INR20.5 lakhs or INR20.75 lakhs. 
It will be slightly improved, so you can calculate according to that. 
 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Sir, my another question would be, since we are saying that we are 
going towards backward integration, and backward integration is 
already in house to a great extent. So in that I wanted to understand, 
how much of the manufacturing of the machine, apart from the 
controller and electric component, how much in-house manufacturing 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 24 
 
is there, if you can inform me in some percentage terms, and it's an 
assembly line, where we do third party outsourcing, what is the mix in 
that? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Sanjayji, in our industries, for example, if I explain simply, in car 
manufacturing companies, they don't make tires. (Technical Issue 
@17:34)Like you said, ball screws, sheet metals, nuts and bolts, belt, 
these things are not made by any company in the world. So overall, if I 
talk about the number of components, in number of components, you 
can do up to 80%. I am not talking about number of value, I am talking 
about number of components. So you have to buy 20% components 
from outside, but what Macpower is making, we can do almost 80%, so 
we are doing up to 40%, 45%. In that also, for 2,500 machines, the 
capacity of spindle is 1,700-1,800, capacity of powder coating is 2,000. 
So we are doing more than 2500,  we are adding it to the capacity of the 
in-house. So after that, the 60 acre, the remaining 30%, 35% we will 
gradually do backward integration, and we will go to 75% to 80% of 
component manufacturing in terms of numbers. 
 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Okay, okay sir, I will come back in the queue.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Deepak Pandey. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Deepak Pandey: 
Hi sir. Congrats on a good set of number. Sir, in the last question, there 
was a clarification. Foundry will not come in this setup, right? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, it will not come. 
 
Deepak Pandey: 
Sir, there were 2-3 bookkeeping questions. Order book, if you can help 
me understand, how much is it from large OEM and how much from 
SME? And sector-wise too. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
In sector-wise, mainly in the growing sector, we have a lot of job work. 
We have general engineering, die-and-moulds. And we have an order 
book of almost INR20 crores for defence. So, largely we have mixed 
orders. I have not increased sector-wise or segment-wise focus much as 
I told Deepakji in the last concall, because sector-wise and segment-
wise, the costing of the distribution network will increase a lot. Because 
the market is open for Macpower. India's consumption is 2%. And I 
take 4% of India's production. So if I work on segment-wise and sector-
wise for 10%, then the cost of manpower, offices, and branches cost 
will increase. So, wherever you put your hand, there is an order. So, we 
take it from there. We are not working sector-wise or segment-wise. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 24 
 
 
The market is open for 10%. Still, if I tell you, there is a lot of job work, 
general engineering, plastic, die-and-moulds. A lot of good orders have 
been made in the EMS sector. And mostly in our order, the contribution 
of tier 3 and tier 4 is more. 
 
Deepak Pandey: 
Got it, sir. Sir, two small questions clubbed into one. What is the update 
on JV and Tech partnership? And second, how is your 5-axis machine 
doing in the market? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
5-axis is a bit of a tricky business. There are a lot of restrictions. We 
have to sign a lot of agreements that this is for domestic use. India's 
market is not that big in this business. We will have to focus on export. 
And according to our current capacity, that area, if I give an example, 
Deepak, there is a Ferrari model. 
 
Its market will also be niche. And legal compliances also have to be 
followed a lot. If this machine accidentally goes to defence instead of 
domestic, then it can also become a big risk factor. So we are not 
focusing that much in that area. But I have one 5-axis machine. We have 
given an exhibition for aeronautics. And we are exhibiting one machine 
again in the January exhibition. But it will not be my business model to 
sell 5-axis. Because in India's 5-axis market, the maximum machines 
are imported. It comes from abroad. And FANUC or Mitsubishi does 
not give control in India. Only China, Taiwan and Siemens. 99% 
Siemens runs. But their compliances, BAFA agreement of 300 pages, 
that is a risk factor to sell 1-2 machines in that area. But there is no issue 
of capability. That's why we will sell 1-2 machines a year.  
 
Deepak Pandey: 
And sir, on the JV part? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
The discussion on the JV part is still ready. And we are still updating. 
Maybe there will be some visits in the next quarter. Because the facility 
is getting ready. So if it goes ahead, I think we will announce that along 
with the capacity. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Mahek Talati. Please 
go ahead. Mahek? 
 
Mahek Talati: 
Yeah, hi sir. Am I audible? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, you are audible.  
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 24 
 
Mahek Talati: 
Congratulations on a good start of numbers. Sir, I need clarification. We 
are saying that we will utilize 90% capacity this year. And when the 
new capacity will come, how much will it come? Because for FY28 
growth, the 30% we are targeting there, for that, where will the capacity 
come from? Till when will it come? How will it come? Please give that 
clarification. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Mahek ji, the capacity of 2,500, we have utilized 90%. If we have to do 
the same growth next year, then this 13-acre land, we took it because 
we did not wait for 60 acre. And we believe that we will utilize it in Q2. 
But how much capacity will increase and how much debottlenecking 
will happen, we are calculating that. What machineries are we buying 
for the component? What is the capacity of the component? We are 
adding that. And how many assembly lines will be added there? So that 
total calculation is going on now. But definitely this 9 plus 4 acre, 13 
acre plant, with that our visibility of growth will come very easily next 
year.  
Moderator: 
Yes, Mahek. We will take the next question from Bhargav Buddhadev. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Good afternoon, sir. Congratulations for a very good set of numbers.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you very much, Bhargav ji. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Sir, this 13 acre plant that you are making, you are spending a lot in this 
plant. You are making a centralized AC, you are making an assembly 
of 1.5 lakh to 2 lakh square feet. So what is the purpose? Are we 
targeting to make such a good plant that our historically MSME 
customer base, we migrate from there and take orders from like 
institutional defence aerospace. So is this the reason for making such a 
good plant? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, that is also right. There are two reasons why we are doing so well. 
One reason is that your cost will be a difference of 20%, 25% from the 
normal structure. If you take a vision of 2, 3, 4 years in visibility, then 
this infrastructure, because there are some machines that we also make 
now, thermal composition and temperature effect comes on the 
machines. It is also a little time-wasting to set it. So by doing this, by 
setting it at 26 degrees, our time will also be saved, so productivity will 
also improve. 
 
Secondly, when you talk about JV, that you are talking about world-
class machines and defence and aeronautics, then there is a compulsion 
for this type of assembly. 100% is needed. So we are also doing that 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 24 
 
segment to move forward. Thirdly, we have also increased the budget. 
Earlier it was INR30 crores to INR40 crores, we have taken it up to 
INR50 crores, because when we announced Bhargava bhai, this policy 
was not there. It has only been a month since this policy came. 
 
So whatever is late, God does well, that happened for us. Otherwise, 
25% and this interest subsidy would not have been received and I would 
have run it for INR30 crores. So now we are increasing it. You have 
taken the right calculation in it. And some normal construction and this 
centrally air-conditioned world-class construction, because as per the 
top 5 plants in the world, we will have to make infrastructure according 
to that. Because we will plan to do the same in 60 acres and move 
forward. 
 
The best practices that happens in the world, because the market wants 
to see the manufacturing process of style. And by doing all this, your 
operating cost can also be reduced, because with some facilities, there 
is a lot of improvement in your productivity.  
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Sir, we can assume that our lease cost will be around INR40 lakhs, 
INR50 lakhs per year. And secondly, this interest rate subsidy, if the 
bank gives a loan of 8.25%, then its assumption will be that the 
government will reimburse 7%, so our expenditure will be only 8.25% 
of the interest. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
See, first Bhargava bhai, INR50 lakhs is too much. I said, I will not give 
that much, I take it in token rate only. According to my knowledge, the 
market value of this is INR40 crores. And the rent of INR40 crores of 
land is less than 1% per year. Game change happens because of 
government subsidies, your interest-free loan, then you save INR40 
crores in your CapEx, in which we do not get a subsidy, because there 
is no subsidy on land. So we were waiting for this game, which was also 
under pressure for a year, because the order book was increasing a lot, 
and execution was a bit slow.(28:56) 
 
Here for this year, taking 3 premises on rental, this year's growth, 
capacity of 2,400-2,500, we will utilize 90% of it. So this is also the 
reason that the growth of the future will also come from this type of 
infrastructure.  
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
So the expense of interest will be only 1%, 1.25%, right? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, 7% will be given by the government, and 8.25%, so more than 
1.25% per year. So it is happening at a negligible cost.  

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 24 
 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Lastly, our realization has reached INR20 lakh per machine, and 40% 
of the order book is NEXA order. So as NEXA orders come in revenue, 
should this realization increase from here? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, this should not happen, because the remaining 60% order, INR12 
lakh, INR15 lakh, INR16 lakh, INR17 lakh, you also need numbers in 
that. So in the current trend, the average value of the receiving order has 
reached INR20.9 lakhs or INR21 lakhs. It is plus or minus every day. If 
it comes out of 60%, it will decrease. If a big machine comes, it will 
increase. So now we have reached nearly INR1 crore order. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Okay, sir. Thank you very much and all the very best. Thank you. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Sir, we'll take two questions from Q&A box. It's from 
Vishwa Singhal. He's asking, in Q4, you mentioned that 80 fully built 
machines were sitting in opening inventory, waiting for customer bank 
loan signatures and subsidies, and stated that these would clear within 
7 to 10 days. Did those 80 machines actually get built and converted to 
liquid cash in Q1? Furthermore, what is the current inventory level of 
finished machines sitting at your tech centres today? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Right now, that 80 machines is almost I think, 90% machine is 
executed. Right now, I think we have to keep the same inventory for 
each and every quarter. Without that inventory, because suppose in this 
quarter, I think end of this month, tomorrow is the last day of month. 
So many of the machines will forward for next month because we are 
waiting for their payment. Maybe first, second, third, maybe it's not 
possible. Every month, 70% payment is received out of 100 names or 
100% names. 
 
Say for example, we have 300 names, then 65% payment received. 
Another 33% payment will be received on first week or before 10th. So 
this is a trend. So every month, some of the machine is forwarded on 
month-on-month basis and quarter-on-quarter basis. Secondly, right 
now in our tech centres, I think we… almost is empty. There is no 
machines except one or two machines in one tech centre or another tech 
centre. 
 
So right now we are struggling for the delivery for our customers. So 
inventory or any demonstration machine is also sold out. So there is no 
machines in tech centres. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 24 
 
 
Moderator: 
Okay, sir. His next question is NEXA machines accounted for 40% of 
your INR406 crore order book in Q4. What was the exact revenue share 
of NEXA series machines in Q1 FY27 versus lower margin traditional 
models? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
So I think we already calculated is nearly the same. 39% to 40% is 
executed in quarter one by NEXA product. 
 
Moderator: 
Okay. And out of INR376 crore in defence and aerospace bids under 
evaluation, what is the timeline and conversion rate we should expect 
in H1 FY27? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Nobody can predict that area because since two years old tender is not 
yet open. So I think you cannot predict but normally the quarter three 
and quarter four because they have a budget and if they will not open 
and not place the order, their budget will I think skip for the next 
financial year and they have to give the lots of reason and they have to 
apply the new budget for that CapEx. So quarter three and quarter four 
is the maximum realization of opening the tender. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from Arnav Sakhuja. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Hi, thank you for taking my questions. So my first question is I just 
wanted a bit more clarity on the guidance. So you raise the revenue 
guidance to over 30% revenue growth, but is there any change in the 
EBITDA and profitability guidance or does that remain the same? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I think right now in quarter one is we already achieved 16%. So I'm 
expecting that some of the percentage definitely will increase in the 
EBITDA margin also on quarter-on-quarter, all these three quarters. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
And so my next question is, given the whole West Asia war that took 
place during the entire quarter one and is still taking place, has that 
affected our business performance in any way or does it not really 
impact us? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
That area is not I think, we are working. So it's a 0% effect on this war 
or anything because we are not focusing on any export or and we have 
a one year inventory for our one component we are buying from 
Taiwan, only ball screw and LM guideways by one company. So I think 
this war or anything is not that much affected to the Macpower. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 24 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Okay, congratulations again and thank you for answering my questions.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you very much, Arnavbhai. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Kumar Saurabh. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers, sir. Sir, my question is also on 
the margin. Like 2-3 years ago, we were on a INR200 crore run sales 
and when we went from INR200 crores to INR300 crores, then there 
was a lot of expansion in the margin and I think because of cost of goods 
sold. But now when we are going from INR300 crores to INR450 
crores, then it seems that our margin is going to be the same 17%, 18%. 
So why did the last INR200 to INR300 crores have such a big expansion 
and why is it not coming now? And you had given guidance that in the 
long term, it will take 4-5 years for the margin to go up to 20%. Where 
are we on that path? Will it happen this year or not? If you can clarify. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
See, I have told you many times that margin improvement happens from 
three places. First, your fixed cost is very high. When you increase 
production, like today I talked about spindles in some components, we 
talked about powder coating, we talked about job work. Our capacity is 
1,200 in some area, 1,500 in some area, 2,000 in some area. So when 
the cost of job work is increased, then the cost of production increases. 
Second, in this sales, a lot of transport is included in the orders. So the 
cost of transport will also increase. Like your number of machines will 
increase. Third, the cost of the transport used in the purchase will also 
increase. The cost of custom duties will also increase. So this happened 
on your variable, when the numbers will increase.  
 
And when you need visibility for the next quarter and next year, then 
the pre-operating preliminary cost will also increase for you. So, the 
margin that will come will come in three ways. First, when you give 
more numbers, like if you look at quarter 1 of last year and quarter 1 of 
this year, then the revenue growth is 52%. But if you look at PAT 
margin, it is almost double. So this is the pattern of this business, that 
when you do some big numbers, because your fixed cost, like the direct 
indirect expense, it was 20% or 21%. So if you give more numbers, then 
your margin will definitely improve on EBITDA. Number one.  
 
Number two, backward integration. You take a lot of materials from 
outside, get the components done outside, when you do all this in-house, 
then your margin improvement comes. And number three, your defence 
order winning ratio increases rapidly. So these are the three areas. But 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 24 
 
still, as I told you, you will definitely see an improvement in EBITDA 
in every quarter. And it will be a good improvement. 
 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Thank you, sir. And the second question is, sir, the new land that we 
bought, first congratulations  to close it. So now, as you said, the 
capacity will not increase immediately, but the assembly line will come, 
there will be backward integration, it will be beneficial for everyone. 
So if you can explain the capital allocation of all this money, how will 
our return on investment come on it? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Look, I am telling you one thing, that for next year, it is not possible to 
make more than 2,500 in this existing unit. So this land is definitely 
taken for the growth of next year. But how much it will increase, its 
calculations have not been done yet. What are we doing in the first 
phase, that the 1,200-1,500 spindle, 2,000 sheet metal, as I told you, 
calculating the next growth, we are building its capacity, number one. 
And secondly, we will calculate the construction areas, because the 
assembly is taking it there, how much we can improve productivity. 
Like there are some baskets, in which we can move them on the floor 
twice. Suppose one machine has been kept for 15 days, and after that, 
the next 15 days, the second machine, so we are getting to use that floor 
twice. We are bringing some new innovation, that how can we do it 2.5 
times. So we are calculating the capacity, how much capacity we will 
bring from these two plants for next year. 
 
So definitely, these existing facilities, there we are buying some 
backward integration machines, some capacity of components are 
increasing, in stage one. After that, how many times can we use the 
floor, I think I can do 2.5 times easily. So I am going to give the details 
of calculations in Q3. So I think, in front of INR50 crores, we will 
generate a lot of revenue, that is final. But how much will it be, that has 
not been calculated yet, so I will not give a figure on that assumption. 
 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Sure, sir. That's all, sir. Wish you all the best. Thank you, sir.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Piyush Jain. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Piyush Jain: 
Hello.  
 
Moderator: 
Yes, Piyush.  
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 24 
 
Piyush Jain: 
Yeah, yeah. Rupesh bhai, very good number. Congratulations. Just want 
to understand few things. The capacity we are talking about, 2,500 
thousand, that you are talking about, it will be utilized 90% this year. 
So this 13 acre land, since when commencement of operations will 
happen? So that we don't lose out of any quarter of it. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
We are targeting 12 months, to complete the project. So I believe that 
in Q2, or almost in June, we will start its utilization. So there will be no 
impact in the next financial year. The same growth story is going to 
move forward.  
 
Piyush Jain: 
Okay, one more thing, Rupesh bhai. Earlier you used to give the 
incremental data of the order during the quarter, and also the volume 
data. But still, what I have calculated, in this quarter, we have received 
a new order of INR140 crores, INR145 crores. Can you confirm that 
number? The basis which I just want to ask, what is the order pipeline 
which you see? Because suppose, I haven't calculated for the last quarter 
of March, how many new orders we had taken. But in the current 
quarter, we have ordered INR145 crores. Is it the highest order received 
in a quarter for the company's history? And is the number moving 
towards that, that we can see an order inflow of INR150 crores, INR200 
crores on a quarter basis? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
See, in front of a new order of INR145 crores, we gave an execution of 
INR95 crores. In this some part is of the service. So INR93 crores, 
INR94 crores. So, I think, in this quarter, what you are saying, INR150 
crores, we are planning to increase it even more. And that journey has 
started, because this month is almost complete. So, I think, yes, it will 
be more than that. 
 
Piyush Jain: 
Okay. And according to my number, last year, the volume would have 
been around 1,650-1,700 machines. Can you tell us some data on this, 
last year, how much…? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Data on numbers, I think, in the future strategy that we plan, discussing 
it on a public platform, and competition and supply chain is not… 
 
Piyush Jain: 
Okay, this is fine. My question is…  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
You can easily calculate.  
 
Piyush Jain: 
Okay, my question is, my actual question is, the percentage of NEXA 
that we have increased, and you are still saying, NEXA is a 40%. Is our 
average realization increasing? Because, what I follow Macpower, from 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 16 of 24 
 
last 3, 4 years, from INR18 lakhs, INR19 lakhs, our average realization 
is still around INR20 lakhs, within INR20 lakhs or INR21 lakhs. So, is 
NEXA 40% will be taking our average realization towards higher side? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
See, in this quarter, the quarter that ended, as I told you, around INR21.9 
lakhs, with INR20.9 lakhs, so, INR90,000 average realization, order 
booking has increased. So, it will increase gradually, and, I think, the 
numbers game that you are going to do, that the next capacity is very 
big, let's assume, of 10,000, so, in that, which will focus on very high 
value, so, let me tell you, that turning machines, which are less than 
INR20 lakh, its numbers, in India, 32,000 machines were made, out of 
that, 12,000, 13,000, 14,000 machines, were less than INR15 lakhs. 
 
So more than average utilization, the rest machines above INR1 crore, 
which are, according to me, were not more than 1,000, 1,500, and 
machines above INR2 crore will not be more than 50, 100. Of INR3 
crore, 10 machines will also not be there. So, if I talk about average 
realization on example, then, Maruti will sell the most, Ferrari, or 
Mercedes, numbers will be less. So from any basket, if order comes, we 
in today's date also, as I told you, segment wise, basket wise, or tier 1, 
tier 2 wise, we are not doing, because it costings, increases a lot, and 
that pressure, in other peers companies, has been seen. So till 10%, any 
product mix basket, comes, it does not matter. Your top line should 
increase, your plant capacity, in terms of more than the number, plant 
capacity in terms of revenue, should be calculated, according to my 
knowledge. If INR20 lakhs is coming, then visibility of INR500 crores, 
is in this plant.  
 
So, still, next year also, we are, on numbers, and we are going forward 
to increase the price from INR20 lakhs to INR21 lakhs more, and to 
stretch more than that, you have to focus on this basket only, where, the 
market is very niche, and is a little competitive. With import, you will 
get a direct fight. So, it will increase gradually, when our 60 acre land 
visibility and expansion will be complete. So definitely, separate, 
separate lines will be there, with every basket. And every basket, 
distribution network, marketing network and export, but haste at this 
point will disturb very growth journey. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question, from Garvita Jain. Please 
go ahead, 
 
Garvita Jain: 
Hello, hi, good afternoon, sir, I have one question, if you could give me, 
a range of the price of the machines, which are high-end, versus low-
end, or mid-end machines? And like how does this price band varies 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 17 of 24 
 
across the industries, like aerospace and defence and general industrial 
machines? So that I can estimate how much is the realization or average 
selling price difference we are expecting, with the change in the order 
book mix. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Already I think, I had given this question that average price realization 
is INR20 lakh. Now in our new order book it is increased by INR20 
lakh, plus. 
 
Garvita Jain: 
Sir, what I am asking is, average I got, but if you could give me the 
price band, which are low-end machines, assume that--  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Low-end machine is INR12 lakh to INR20 lakh, Garvita, and middle 
range machine is INR20 lakh to INR30 lakh rupees and INR30 lakhs to 
up to INR2 crore machines is higher end machine for us, 
 
Garvita Jain: 
Okay, okay. And sir, is there any price change we have taken this 
quarter because of the increase in the raw material prices? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, definitely, we increased the price by 4% to 6% and this first quarter 
we had given chance, to our customer, who have given the order, that if 
you are not lifting the machine, you are to you are eligible to give us 
4% to 6% new price increment. So from 1st June, already, the new price 
is effected and all the invoice is by the new price. 
 
Garvita Jain: 
Okay, okay, and one last question, if you could give any volume growth, 
in terms of units, if you could give for quarter one? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Volume growth, definitely, without volume growth, I think-- 
 
Garvita Jain: 
How much was it, sir, number of units, if you could if you can give me. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Almost, I think the revenue growth, percentage is same by the number 
of growth, because average price is… 
 
Garvita Jain: 
Volume growth, 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Almost same, yeah. 
 
Garvita Jain: 
Okay, thank you sir, 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you, 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 18 of 24 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question, from Rahil Shah. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Rahil Shah: 
My question, sir, my question is that the cash conversion cycle days, 
and our inventory days have consistently risen over the past three years. 
So is this more like a permanent feature of doing business with defence 
and large businesses, or it's just a working capital issue? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Rahil bhai, can you, please I think your voice is not clear. So can you 
please repeat? 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Working capital has increased over the last year, in FY26. So he wants 
to ask, how will it move? 
 
Rahil Shah: 
Am I audible, sir? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yeah, has it increased, or will it increase, what is he asking? 
 
Rahil Shah: 
It has increased, since the last three years. So is it more like a permanent 
feature, or it's a working capital issue? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Definitely, in terms of percentage if you calculate, then it is not that 
much big in terms of the percentage. But as your business increases, 
Rahil bhai then definitely working capital will increase. From INR100 
crore business it rose to INR200 crore. From INR200 crore to INR300 
crore. Now it will be INR450 crore. Next year, it will be INR600 crore. 
So, working capital, in terms of rupees will increase, but if you 
calculate… 
 
Rahil Shah: 
I am talking about working capital cycle. The inventory days have also 
increased. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yeah, so as I have told many of our concalls that inventory is the game 
changer in our line, Rahil bhai. Like we have 364 variants, now 70% 
business, which will be executed, month by month, can be predicted. 
30% is unpredictable. So which variant, which model you will get, you 
don't know. So if you have inventory, then you can execute, because 
lead time, logistic time and assembly time that is component time. 
Assembly time is very negligible. So inventory is game changing.  
 
Second is, that you are not using working capital, you have a lot of cash, 
what will I get, 2%, 3% only from the bank. So it is better to keep 
inventory. The benefit is in supply, to give orders from buyers, to lift 
orders you get a good discount. If you import entire container orders, 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 19 of 24 
 
logistic cost also benefits. So inventory is this industry's always game 
changing. Today, in my one machine, Rahil bhai, there are 1,000 
approximate components. I manage 19,000 plus inventory. If one 
component is not there, then this 364 variant, one or two machines, you 
will not be able to dispatch. So inventory always is game changing for 
this industry. And I think that inventory, like if our business will 
increase, so definitely inventory will increase, but its, value, will be less 
when we do backward integration.  
 
Rahil Shah: 
Okay sir, thank you. All the very best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Aryan Vijan. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Aryan Vijan: 
Hello. 
 
Moderator: 
Yes Aryan. 
 
Aryan Vijan: 
Sir, I wanted to ask what is the future target in terms of revenue and 
profitability of the company. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
What is the target of? 
 
Aryan Vijan: 
Revenue and profitability target in the future. For FY27 or-- 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I think year on year we are targeting that we will deliver you more than 
28% to 30% year-on-year. 
 
Aryan Vijan: 
In terms of sale? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
In terms of revenue. 
 
Aryan Vijan: 
And what about the margins? Do you expect to--? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
In terms of almost margins also, in EBITDA also, in revenue also and 
in the PAT also. 
 
Aryan Vijan: 
And sir, what is the bidding pipeline currently of the company? 
 
Moderator: 
There is a background noise. Vijan, yeah. 
 
Aryan Vijan: 
Sir, what is the current bid pipeline for the company?  
 
Moderator: 
Voice is not audible Vijan. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 20 of 24 
 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
What is the current order pipeline for the company?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Order pipeline, I think we have given everything. INR456 crore order 
is received with the advance. And 1000 plus domestic quotation bid. 
Everything is in presentation. Yeah. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will take the next question from Gaurav Shukla. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Gaurav Shukla: 
Sir, congratulations for a very good set of numbers. Am I audible, sir?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank You Gauravji. You are audible. 
 
Gaurav Shukla: 
Sir, last participant has asked, you said that the margin will also increase 
in the same range. Our margin is 17%, 18% at the moment. So what 
will be the sustainable margin of FY27? Will it remain the same or will 
it go around 20%? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, I will be able to tell in Q3 about 20%, because how much the 
backward integration will be done,And the expenses of fixed cost and 
revenue, my target is not more than 20%- 21%. How much can I stretch 
towards the backward integration, because the highest cost in total 
expenses, other than material, is salary and job work. Almost 60% cost 
comes. So how much backward integration are we doing and how much 
will be the cost of our job work will be reduced, I have to calculate that. 
With that, how much capacity is going to increase? Because if the 
capacity increases, the expenses will not increase that much. So by 
calculating both these factors, the vision for next year will definitely 
increase from both sides, in terms of revenue and EBITDA. But I will 
not be able to tell you how much it will be. I will announce it in Q3. 
 
Gaurav Shukla: 
Thank you for this answer. Sir, the receivable was INR34 crores in 
March. Has it increased or decreased? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
How much was the trade receivable in Q1?  
 
Vinay Pandit: 
We can share this later. We will proceed to the next question. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the follow up question from Mahek Talati. 
Please go ahead. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 21 of 24 
 
Mahek Talati: 
Hi sir, sorry my line got dropped. In the last quarter, we had a revenue 
delay of INR15 crore, INR16 crores which was postponed. Has it been 
recognized in this quarter or still some left? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
It has been done. As I told you Mahekji, there are some machines in 
every quarter that will be forwarded for next month. Normally, in 
March, everyone has to meet the target. Banks, PSUs, and customers 
also need machines. It is not forwarded in March, but it has been done. 
It has been realized in one quarter. In every quarter, we have to keep a 
few machines. If someone gives a payment from a big order book, he 
won't be able to wait for the delivery. Even now, we have the same 
numbers forwarded for next quarter. This is the journey. We try to 
complete 99% in the last quarter. There are a lot of machines that are 
on trial and have a 1-day work left when quarter ended. A lot of 
machines are ready to be dispatch. This is the journey, but yes, the 
realization of the machines has come in the first month. The question 
was that the receivable has been reduced to INR33 crores due to quarter 
4. It is INR33 crores in quarter 1. 
 
Mahek Talati: 
Sir, the defence policy which has not been finalized yet, what is the 
target? Till when will it be finalized? Till when should the land be 
handed over for our new 60 acre policy? Till when will it be finalized? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I have been to the Ministry and met the Industrial Commissioner, 
Deputy Industrial Commissioner. He has given a very good policy. It is 
better than the Vikshit Gujarat policy. So, don't panic and wait. We have 
made this policy and put it on the table of our Deputy CM, who is also 
an industrial minister Harshbhai Sanghvi. The Vidhan Sabha monsoon 
session is going on. He will be free as soon as it ends. You will get it in 
15 days or a month. This is what the Deputy Industrial Commissioner 
has told me. 
 
Mahek Talati: 
Sir, the clarification was that the tech partner will be finalized only after 
the land is handed over  or the new capex we are planning for 13 acres, 
will be finalized as per them and set up the capacity? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
We can start on a trial basis. But for the production and for the 
Macpower itself, if both these plants start, I think we will need space 
for the speed we need for growth. We can do it in 13 acres like a pilot 
project or sampling. We can move the work forward. Because we will 
save time in developing a product, but we will not focus on full-fledged. 
Because we are facing the challenge of executing such a big order book 
for ourselves. So it will be a little early to make and launch the product 
of others and increase their pain. But yes, we are planning to sample a 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 22 of 24 
 
few machines. So that when we come to the new plant in full-fledged, 
we can save time in development. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Sir, we will take the next question from Aniket Jain. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Aniket Jain: 
Good afternoon, sir. I wanted to ask that you supply some machines in 
the EMS sector. Are those machines low-end, mid-end or high-end? 
Secondly, what type of customers are they? Are they mobile phone 
manufacturers, PCB manufacturers or any other electronic component 
to whom we are supplying the machines? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Their machines are called drill type centres. And I think they come in 
the mid-segment. We are giving two, three machines every month. And 
we are planning to make more of them. In which there is a spindle of 
high speed of 20,000 RPM. And it is very high-speed rapid. This is their 
special feature. Because to do fast machining of small components, a 
lot of cutting and spindle speed is required, due to which the time to 
make their product is reduced. And the finishing is also very good. So, 
our customers are my tier 3 customers. They make electronic parts for 
tier 2 and tier 1. 
 
Aniket Jain: 
Got it, sir. And is the margin profile similar to other products? Or is 
there a high margin in this? And secondly, how do we see the growth 
in this? What will be the share of revenues in the EMS sector? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, nothing. As I told you, we have not yet worked on a very specific 
segment. If we work on a segment or a cluster, then the distribution cost 
will increase. Suppose I have to give a machine at some place in EMS. 
So, first they will ask a sample of five machines. Then he will say, give 
50 machines for a year's credit. All these things are going on there. 
Where there will be a bulk, the hand of the buyer will be up. So we have 
not yet worked on the segment. But I believe that now we are taking a 
2% market share of consumption. Only 2%. The market is open. There 
is no need to increase its cost unnecessarily, or then there is no point in 
sending the machine to them in credit. These big segments are for 
Macpower, after 10% is the market share area. Why should I give credit 
now?  
 
And the receivable that you are seeing, INR33 crores, that is the 
receivable in which the PSU and the bank letter comes to us that you 
give the machine, we will give you money in 3 days, we will give you 
money in 4 days. This is not a credit. And there I have to go to them 
every year or six months. So, all this is not necessary for us as long as I 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 23 of 24 
 
am taking 100% money in the market, I do not give the machine without 
advance, or I do not even make it. So, all this is not for us. That you 
target some segments or specific industries and work out. Their pain is 
too much. We will have to do that after taking 10% market share. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will take the last question from Nexus Equity. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Nexus Equity: 
Hello. Congratulations on the numbers. Sir, I had only one question. 
The growth that is going to happen in the future, the new plant 
commission is going to happen. So, how are we going to fulfil the 
funding requirement for it? And how much funding will be required? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
We are targeting INR50 crores. Out of that, INR20 crores, INR25 crores 
are lying with me. How much utilization will we do of it, and how much 
cash will be generated. because we do not need all this money in a day. 
We need it in a year. So, according to that, I do not think it will be very 
necessary. But this new policy has come. So we will also think of taking 
a little debt. Because you are almost interest-free. And even if I keep 
the company's money somewhere, I will get 8%, 10%. So, I may or may 
not take debt. But there will not be that much debt pressure. Because 
when the need arises, the company also has a lot of cash. And in this 
policy, the machine purchased 6 months ago will also be eligible for 
you. 
 
So, first we will take it from our money. And when the need arises, we 
will take a loan. And how much loan we will take, we calculate. But we 
are getting 1.25% in a year. So, we will take a little loan. So, a little 
internal and a little loan. This is how we plan. Because even if we put 
our money in this, we will still get a subsidy. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Sir, since that was the last question, would you like to 
give any closing comments? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you very much to all the shareholders to believe in your 
company. And thank you very much, Vinayji, Mohsin bhai, for 
arranging the highest number of people in this meeting. I think this is 
also a record-breaking like Macpower result that we have more than 
120 -- 135 people in this meeting. I think this time we break this number 
of people's record also. So, congratulations to Team Kaptify. And thank 
you very much once again, everyone. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 24 of 24 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you to the management team. And thank you to 
all the participants for joining on this call. This brings us to the end of 
this conference call. Thank you. 
