 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: Apollo Tyres Ltd. 3rd Floor, Areekal Mansion, Panampilly Nagar, Kochi 682036, India 
CIN: L25111KL1972PLC002449, Tel No. + 91 484 4012046, Fax No. +91 484 4012048, Email:investors@apollotyres.com 
ATL/SEC/21  
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
The Secretary,  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
The Secretary,  
BSE Ltd.  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Investor Conference Call 
  
Dear Sirs,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) and 46(2) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that a Conference Call for the analysts and 
investors to discuss the financial and operational performance of the Company for Q1 FY27 was held 
on August 7, 2026. 
 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the aforesaid call. The same has also been placed on 
the website of the Company https://corporate.apollotyres.com/investors/ir-updates/ 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Apollo Tyres Ltd.  
 
 
 
(Seema Thapar) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
 
SEEMA 
THAPAR
Digitally signed by 
SEEMA THAPAR 
Date: 2026.08.11 
17:04:23 +05'30'

 
 
Apollo Tyres Limited  
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call  
August 07, 2026 
 
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Securities, I 
welcome you all for the Q1 FY '27 Results Conference Call of Apollo Tyres 
Limited. From the management side, we have with us today Mr Gaurav 
Kumar, Chief Financial Officer.  
 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr Gaurav Kumar for his opening 
remarks, post which we will begin the question-and-answer session. Over to 
you, sir.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us today. 
There's some glitch in my video, so I'll have to do through audio only. I 
welcome you all to the Apollo Tyres post results conference call. Neeraj is 
not able to join this call because of an urgent commitment. I'm pleased to 
share an update on our performance for the quarter, along with our 
outlook.  
 
But let me first begin with the announcement concerning myself. I had 
been thinking for some time to take up a new challenge and decided now 
that it is the appropriate time, having completed the Enschede project, 
which I was an integral part of over the last 18 plus months. It was an 
emotional decision to leave Apollo Tyres after 22 plus years career here.  
 
And as of now, I'm not sure what the future holds for me. I will figure that out 
over the next couple of months or so. But let's move on to the business 
performance and the outlook. The Q1 FY '27 proved to be a challenging 
quarter given the macro environment. However, we delivered a strong 
consolidated top line growth of 12.8% Y-o-Y, while on a sequential basis, the 
growth was muted.  
 
The consolidated revenue for the quarter stood at INR 74 billion with an 
EBITDA margin of 11.7%, down about 150 basis points year-on-year, primarily 
on account of RM cost pressures. On the domestic operations, I am pleased 
to share that we delivered our strongest year-on-year quarterly growth in 
the last 14 quarters.  
 
The India Operations recorded their highest ever revenue. We delivered a 
double-digit growth across all segments compared to the same period last 
year, positioning us in line with and in many segments ahead of the market 

 
 
performance. The revenue for the quarter was INR 54.6 billion, representing 
a healthy growth of 15.6% Y-o-Y and 4.3% sequentially.  
 
The growth was largely volume led. The EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 
6.5 billion, a margin of 12% compared to 13.6% in the corresponding period 
last year. Looking ahead, demand remains healthy across categories and 
channels. July already delivered a strong start, providing confidence that 
the momentum will carry into Q2.  
 
Raw material costs escalated sharply during Q1 by the magnitude of nearly 
17%. Despite this, we largely successfully defended margins through a 
combination of calibrated price increases and disciplined cost control. 
Commodity prices are likely to remain volatile until the geopolitical situation 
in West Asia stabilises. Based on the current outlook, we expect raw material 
inflation of about 8% sequentially into Q2.  
 
In Europe, we delivered low single-digit volume growth on a Y-on-Y basis. 
Revenue for the quarter was EUR147 million, up 0.5% Y-o-Y. The EBITDA for 
the quarter stood at EUR13 million, a margin of 8.9%, lower than the previous 
year 10.8%. To a certain extent, there are overlap of costs as we do the 
Enschede closure and transition, which will go away with time.  
 
The PCR replacement segment continues to deliver healthy growth and the 
positive momentum is expected to sustain through the coming quarters. 
Some revenue was impacted as a result of Enschede plant closure 
transition. The Netherlands plant stopped production as planned in June 
2026, and we expect the financial and operational benefits of the 
restructuring to start materialising from H2 of the current fiscal year.  
 
The geopolitical situation in West Asia continued to create headwinds in 
select international markets, leading to heightened uncertainty and cost 
volatility across raw materials, energy and logistics costs. We remain 
focused on adapting to changing market conditions while exercising 
prudent cost management.  
 
While the broader macroeconomic environment remains challenging, we 
are well positioned to sustain momentum and further accelerate growth 
across our India and Europe Operations. At the same time, we have 
maintained a strong balance sheet and continue to improve our leverage 
profile in spite of the current circumstances.  
 
Let me now briefly touch upon some of the strategic initiatives and key 
achievements delivered by the teams during the quarter. Starting with R&D, 

 
 
we continue to make good progress across product development and 
technology during the quarter.  
 
Alongside securing several OEM approvals and nominations, including for 
multiple EV platforms, we expanded our replacement portfolio and 
delivered tangible improvements in product quality and cost optimisation. 
We also advanced our Sustainability agenda with increased recycled 
material usage and process innovations.  
 
On the Digitalisation front, we continue to advance our transformation 
through the global S/4HANA programme and scale deployment of AI 
across manufacturing, where multiple use cases are now delivering 
tangible productivity, energy efficiency and cost benefits. On the Brand 
side, we continue to strengthen customer engagement across our key 
markets through integrated campaigns and trade initiatives.  
 
In India, our ICC Women's T20 World Cup campaign generated over 220 
million consumer reach and 500 million views across digital and broadcast 
platforms, while dealer-led activations further enhance the market 
connect.  
 
Finally, Sustainability remains a key pillar of our long-term strategy.  
 
We exceeded our FY '26 environmental commitments and further 
strengthened our FY '30 sustainability roadmap with our continued progress 
earning Apollo Tyres recognition amongst India's top 30 most sustainable 
companies. With this, I will conclude my opening comments. Thank you all 
for your time.  
 
We would be happy to take your questions. 
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Thank you, sir. Let's start the Q&A session. Participants who have a question, 
please use the raise hand icon to ask a question. The first question is from 
the line of Raghunandan. Raghu, please unmute your line and ask your 
question.  
 
Raghunandhan NL:  
Thank you, Aniket. Thank you, Gaurav sir, for the opportunity best wishes for 
future and sincerely appreciating your efforts at Apollo. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Raghu. Good afternoon. 
 
Raghunandhan NL:  
Good afternoon, sir. Starting with the questions for the India business, if you 
can share the growth -- volume growth, total OEM, replacement and 
exports. And if you can also talk about the outlook for each of the 

 
 
segments? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Sure. So the volume growth across these three channels was fairly stable. 
Replacement was 13% OEM was 10% and exports was 15%. So fairly in a 
narrow range, but all in double digits. And similarly, even across product 
categories, barring TBB, it was all double-digit growth. The outlook remains 
strong. Replacement momentum is strong. Given the rains, this is a 
seasonally weaker quarter, but we should be delivering good growth Y-on-
Y. 
 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Got it, sir. And in Europe, two questions. First is, recently, there was an 
announcement of anti-dumping duty on Chinese tyres. How will it benefit 
Apollo, both for exports from India and second, for the production from 
Hungary? And on back of this, do you think there can be a double-digit 
growth for our Europe business? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Sure. So we expect this to be positive. Clearly, Chinese were taking a 
certain amount of share at the lower end, which would feed into the Apollo 
brand volumes. The Vredestein brand of PCR does not compete with the 
Chinese tyres. But overall, it will definitely benefit the domestic players. Even 
in this quarter, Raghu, the PCR replacement growth was in double digit, 
well ahead of the market.  
 
The reason why you see a muted top line growth is on account of agri tyres 
where the transition resulted in a certain amount of revenue loss, which we 
knew. And similarly, even the shifting of the truck radial capacity from 
Hungary to India and the market in Europe and in India boomed, we had 
the capacity in transition and that resulted into certain revenue loss 
resulting into a muted top line growth at Europe. So we definitely expect 
Europe Operations to pick up growth as we move forward. 
 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you, sir. And on the capacity shifting side from Netherlands towards 
Hungary or India and even this truck radial shifting from Hungary to India, if 
you can talk about when the production will start off and how the ramp-up 
will happen? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So it's a mix of shifting from the Netherlands capacity, which was 
manufacturing about 750,000 tyres in terms of what our sale was last year. 
A large part of that would shift to Hungary. And some bit of Hungary 
capacity in terms of the lower-end tyres, the 14-inch, the 15-inch tyres would 
be transferred to India. That process had been started, Raghu, as soon as 
we got the Works Council of Netherlands clearance, which was in 
September of 2025. It's a fairly intense process.  

 
 
 
We anticipated about 12 months, and it would be completed in 
September, October of 2026. Similarly, another product category, which 
was Spacemaster spare tyre. Post the clearance, that capacity has been 
set up in our Baroda plant. We have already got OEM clearances. And 
going forward, the supplies would be there from our Baroda plant.  
 
The only place where we did not have an equivalent capacity was in the 
high-end agri tyres, and we didn't even have a space for setting up that 
capacity. That is where we are resorting to offtake of a certain quantum. 
 
Raghunandhan NL:  
Noted, sir. And just a last question. On the commodity side, if you can 
indicate how much price hike in India and in Europe has been taken so far? 
I think in India, the requirement is about 15% to 16% kind of price hike if you 
have to cover the entire commodity inflation. So how much has been taken 
so far? And how is the market accepting these price hikes? How much is 
competition taking? And similarly, what is the requirement in Europe and 
there, how much has been taken? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Sure. So in Q1, RM went up, Raghu, roughly by 17%. So applying a thumb 
rule of two thirds, we needed about at a very broad level, let's say, 11% - 
12% price increase. What was implemented and that also in a staggered 
manner through the quarter was about 7% to 9%. Further price increases 
into Q2 have already been announced.  
 
So the current quantum of price increase is about 9% in TBR and 11% in other 
categories. The raw material is still going up in Q2. So overall, what we need 
is about a 15% to 16% price increase, whereas we are currently at the 11%-
plus zone. So at least one to two more price increases are needed. 
 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Got it, sir. And in Europe? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Europe, the impact immediately was smaller because the first hike up was 
on account of natural rubber. So in this quarter, Europe raw material basket 
went up by 8%, but they are getting the hit in the second quarter. Europe, 
the price increases total for Q1, Q2 needed is about 10-odd percent. As of 
now, only 3% - 4% has been implemented. 
 
Raghunandhan NL:  
Got it, sir. Thank you, thank you very much, and call back to queue, sir.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Raghu. 
 

 
 
Aniket Mhatre:  
Our next question is from the line of Amyn Pirani. Amyn, please unmute your 
line and join. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
 Can you hear me now? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes, Amyn.  
 
Amyn Pirani:  
Hi, Gaurav. Thanks for the opportunity. And wishing you all the best for your 
future endeavors. 
 
Gaurav Kumar:  
Thank you.  
 
Amyn Pirani:  
Okay. So coming back to the Europe business, you mentioned that there 
were quite a few overlapping of cost between Netherlands and Hungary. 
So I don't know if it's possible to quantify, but say if there were no overlap of 
cost. What is the kind of margin that you would have had? Or maybe 
another way, once we move entirely to Hungary after all this is done, what 
is the kind of margins that you are aspiring for in the European Operations? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Sure. So I mean, at a very high level, I would have access to those figures 
quickly, but I would say if those overlaps were not there, we would have 
been at about 11% odd margin levels, okay? In terms of your second part 
of your question, on a full year basis in Europe, with this change, we would 
look to deliver high teens EBITDA.  
 
And that was the goal we had set for ourselves saying that if we get this 
manufacturing footprint right for this brand and these categories, that is the 
potential of the European Operations. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. That's good to know. Secondly, you mentioned that on the high-end 
agri tyres, right now, you are having to do some offtake. But what is the 
medium-term plan? Because I am guessing that these were made in 
Netherlands and these were relatively higher price and potentially higher-
margin products. So what is the medium-term plan for this one? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So I mean, we are still thinking through because one of the constraints is that 
our OHT capacity was only there in Kalamassery, which is now in the part of 
the city in Kochi. So that capacity has limitations in terms of how much it 
can be expanded. Setting up a new plant somewhere else has its own 
challenges because it would not be an economic sized capacity if we were 
to set up a 10 - 15 tonnes capacity because Enschede agri capacity was 
all of 20 metric tons per day.  
 

 
 
So right now, we have identified an offtake partner. And I would say for 
midterm, we would be with this offtake partner and even selecting and 
certifying that partner took time because we are talking about a high-end 
production. So as of now, the midterm plan is to continue with the offtake 
because setting up a small 10 tons capacity in a new location in India would 
not have economic scale and then would not make sense. 
 
Amyn Pirani:  
 Okay. And this offtake partner is in India or in Europe? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
It is at the cusp of Asia and Europe. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. And just a broader question. You have moved quite a few things to 
India. I think this process had started even before the European FTA things. 
Does all of this get benefits from the India-Europe FTA or it's not even 
material to think about that? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
It's not much -- it's not material. And for us, it made sense. So India would 
continue to have bulk of the capacity with Hungary always expanding 
strategically. Like even now, if you see the Hungary capacity is being 
expanded by 4,000 passenger car tyres per day, whereas our plant in AP is 
expanding double that capacity.  
 
And frankly, while I think the financial market had thought that some of our 
expansion plans are aggressive, but the kind of demand that we've seen in 
India, this entire FY '27, we will continue to be very tight on capacity. We are 
currently running into the 90s. I would only say in hindsight that it's a 
beneficial thing that we took those decisions. If anything, we are a quarter 
late than early. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. And that brings me to the last question. Your net debt has continued 
to come down or actually be stable in this quarter. Is it fair to say that the 
main CapEx because you had guided for more than INR 3,000 crores of 
CapEx this year. Is the CapEx outflow not started yet? Or is it despite that, 
that you've maintained the net debt? Any color there would be helpful. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So the CapEx definitely has started. It's not -- so even India, for example, the 
quarter CapEx was INR 500 crores. So which is higher than what it has been 
in the recent past, where our annual CapEx has used to be for India, INR 
1200 - 1300 crores. Yes, it will go further up in Q2, Q3. So to a certain extent, 
you are right that it's not exactly one fourth, but the CapEx is onward and 
we anticipate that our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio will go up slightly in the 
current year. We will be a net borrower. 
 

 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. Fair enough. Thanks a lot for this, I will come back. Thanks 
 
Aniket Mhatre:  
Thank you. Just a quick reminder to participants if you wish to ask a question, 
please use the raise hand icon to ask the question. Our next question is from 
line of Siddhartha. Siddharth, please unmute and ask your question. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, you mentioned that we had taken 
about a 7% to 9% price hike over the quarter. But you also indicated that a 
large part of the revenue growth is volume-led. So why have we not seen 
any benefit on the realisations? And has there been any offsetting factor in 
the ASPs in the quarter? So if you can just help us with that first. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Sure. So Siddharth, if you look at the 15.6-odd percent growth, about 12% is 
coming from volume, which is why I made the statement largely volume-
led because the price increases were taken, I think, in three lots through the 
quarter. So when I talk about the 7% to 9%, what is flowing into the revenue 
would only be the 3% to 4% because they were taken staggered through 
the quarter. And the full effect is what will now flow into Q2. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay. Got it. And will this full impact be taken in the current quarter? Or do 
you think you will also space it out and maybe take more towards the end? 
So then probably in the next two quarters, we should see a benefit on the 
realizations? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Sure. So as I mentioned, because the raw material continues to go up in Q2, 
we expect a sequential 8% increase for India Operations. So we need about 
a couple of price increases more. One has been announced in July, and I 
think we would look to take one in August as well. But yes, you are right. If 
that is where the raw material situation stabilises, the full impact of the 5-
odd price increases will flow into H2 of revenues.  
 
Also take into account that in some cases with the OEMs, where there is 
formula-led pricing that's with a quarter delay. So we will get the price 
increases in Q2 based on the RM increase of Q1. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Right, right. Got it. And on the capacities, can you remind us when does the 
first phase start for you in terms of production and volumes are visible? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So the Hungary one is almost about to start and in H2, we'll start producing 
and ramping up. So Hungary would go up from about 17,000 car tyres to 
21,000. India was started later, just a minute. The India capacity will 
probably, I think, start coming on stream towards the end of this year and 
then ramp up through FY '28. 
 

 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay. Got it. And lastly, if you can share the net debt -- consol net debt 
level and the CapEx done for till quarter 1? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
At a consol level? 
 
Siddhartha Bera:      Yes 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So the full CapEx for Q1 was INR 650 crores at a consol level. The net debt 
to EBITDA at the consol level was 0.4. 
 
Siddhartha Bera:       And sir, the absolute net debt will be? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Absolute net debt just a minute. was about INR 1,700 plus crores. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
INR 1,700 crores. Understood. Sir, last question is on the exports. I mean, we 
have started seeing good pickup there. Can you help us understand the 
geographies where this is primarily going into? Is it largely Europe or you are 
also looking at more geographies to broaden the outlook? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
We are looking at more geographies. But in the current quarter, it has been 
largely Europe. The West Asia geographies have been impacted by the 
war. So they are behind budget. Even U.S. with the kind of inflation it was 
facing has had issues in terms of dealers' inventory not going off the shelf 
and hence, them not buying additional tyres.  
 
So U.S., which is a focused geography, has not performed as per 
expectations with a tougher market. West Asia, et cetera, has been 
impacted. So there are small other pockets, but it's been largely on the 
back of Europe. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay, got it. Thanks a lot. I will come back. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Siddhartha.  
 
Aniket Mhatre:  
Next, we have a question from Vijay Pandey. Vijay, please go ahead 
 
Vijay Pandey: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for taking my questions. And all the best for your future 
endeavors.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Vijay.  
 
Vijay Pandey:   
One, I wanted to understand about the other expenses. So that has come 
down quarter-on-quarter. It was expected, but can you guide us how it is 
going to look going forward? And should we expect this level? Or is there 
potential to come down further? 

 
 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So one of the major reductions was on the advertisement and sales 
promotion. And that was reduced by almost 50%. That was keeping in mind 
the tough scenario, keeping in mind the overall environment. It will go 
through its little bit of ups and downs because it's also dependent with the 
BCCI sponsorship on the match schedules, et cetera. So -- to your question, 
would we expect a further reduction?  
 
I would say no. There will be quarters where we will press our foot on the 
pedal on the advertisement and sales promotion. But clearly, I would say, 
as we look back, the demand boost from GST reduction and even the kind 
of demand pull that we are seeing as a result of the jersey sponsorship is 
justifying those spends because we've seen our growth, particularly in the 
consumer tyre categories of passenger car, two wheelers, et cetera, 
accelerating significantly over the last three quarters. 
 
Vijay Pandey: 
Okay. Secondly, sir, in Europe, so if you can help us understand what will be 
the agri business that we like currently are offtaking from other players? And 
what is the growth outlook look like? Because some of our peers have 
guided that there was some level of pre-buying. So just want to understand 
in both in PCR and agri business in Europe. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So agri business in Europe, sequentially, to give you an example, we had a 
decline by high teens, partially our results. Year-on-year was, of course, a 
small single-digit decline. At this stage, in terms of how much we are 
offtaking, I would say about 20% to 25% of our agri business would be 
through offtake. It's not just with one player. There is -- there are two partners 
from which we are offtaking depending on which category of tyre.  
 
That business, the team has to sort of go through its changes, stabilise with 
customers because -- it's not a simple product that you just go to a partner 
and start picking up. The tyres are customised specifically with your 
specifications, et cetera. So we are now in the process of just about starting 
that process.  
 
I would say we would need at least a couple of quarters to reach some sort 
of stable situation on that. Whereas on the other product categories, the 
transition has been done, and we are already in a stable state. 
 
Vijay Pandey:            And sir, on pre-buy? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
I have not heard from my people. So I would admit to you that we'll have 
to get back to you. I can't give you a conclusive answer if there's been a 

 
 
pre-buy. 
 
Vijay Pandey: 
Okay. And sir, if you can just help us understand how much price hike we 
have taken in the second quarter in July and in August, what are we 
planning 
to 
do? 
How 
much 
price 
hike 
we 
anticipate? 
 
Gaurav Kumar:  
So what we have announced in July is about 1% to 2%. And as I mentioned, 
in August, typically, the price increases announced have been in the 
quantum of this 2 odd percent range. So I don't have information of what is 
being planned, but I would expect a similar quantum in August. 
 
Vijay Pandey:  
Okay. And lastly, sir, if I see stand-alone quarter-on-quarter staff costs, so 
generally, it goes up in Q1 as compared to Q4 sequentially over last two 
years. But this time, it is broadly at similar level. So is this -- is there going to 
be an increase coming like some part of it will come in Q2? Or are the 
increments 
not 
done? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Only a minor Increments are done. So there would -- we have a very 
defined cycle. June 1 is the annual cycle. So you would see some increase 
because that increase is only effective for one month in Q1 and starts sort 
of being fully baked in from Q2, but not a further increment on where it is 
currently... 
 
Vijay Pandey:  
Okay. Thank you, sir. I'll fall back in the queue.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Vijay. 
 
Aniket Mhatre:  
Next we have a question from Yash. Yash, you can unmute and ask your 
question.  
 
Yash Agarwal: 
Hi sir, thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand that the 
price hike that we have taken. So as compared to replacement market, is 
there any lag of passing off price to OEMs? And what's the difference and 
how much time it takes, what's the lag? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
See, Yash, with some OEMs, we have a price formula, which would mean 
that the price increases flow in with a quarter lag. With some of the OEMs, 
particularly on the truck side, it's a negotiated figure. And while -- in Q1, we 
opened up the dialogues. We are beginning to get the price increases still 
from Q2 because these dialogues are never easy.  
 
OEMs are facing their own pressures, not just from tyres, but all sorts of 
components. So the price increases which are required will -- from the OEMs 

 
 
will start rolling in from Q2 and then also Q3 because Q2, the RM is still going 
up. So you will start seeing that impact also into the P&L from the current 
quarter onwards. 
 
Yash Agrawal: 
Also like with the potential impact of El Nino coming nearby and with the 
high base of second half, do you see demand moderating in replacement 
market for trucks and buses and farm segment? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Always possible. But at this stage, frankly, I would say one has been surprised 
with the quantum of demand that we have been seeing for a sustained 
period. And as I said, even into July, the demand outlook, the volume -- 
sales volume increase year-on-year continues to be very strong. So while 
sequentially, it may be muted or less. But year-on-year because Q2 is always 
seasonally a weaker quarter, but we are still seeing a strong year-on-year 
growth. 
 
Yash Agrawal:  
Okay. And sir, just one last question on the Europe segment. So what was 
the UHP mix of overall revenue? Has it remained same or increased versus 
last quarter? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
I think it's remained the same, but just let me check. I immediately don't 
have the data, Yash, but I think it's remained in the similar levels of 40s. 
 
Yash Agrawal:  
Okay, sir. Thank you. That's it from me. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you. 
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Quick reminder, participants who would like to ask the question, please use 
the raise hand icon to ask a question. We have our next question from 
Basudev Banerjee. Basu, please unmute your line and go ahead.  
 
Basudev Banerjee: 
Thanks, Aniket. Hi, Gaurav. All the best for your future. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thanks, Basudev.  
 
Basudev Banerjee: 
So out of the total 25% increase in raw mat basket, how much one can 
assign for local currency move?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
I would say the depreciation of the rupee, Basudev, if I take from about INR 
88 was the starting point?  
 
Basudev Banerjee: 
Yeah, INR 88, INR 90.  
 

 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yeah, so about 7-8% would be the rupee devaluation and the rest of it is...  
 
Basudev Banerjee: 
No, but obviously all of the raw mat basket is not imported or import price 
parity. So from that perspective, how much one can...  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So about 50% of RM is imported, but very large part of domestic RM in a 
global world very quickly aligns to a ladder, which is landed cost of imports. 
So domestic rubber, for example, says those guys say that they would be 
INR 5 cheaper than the landed cost of imports on a very direct basis, yes, 
they are not impacted by rupee devaluation, but it does play a price 
because they would jack up the prices if the imported rubber is becoming 
costlier due to rupee devaluation.  
 
Basudev Banerjee: 
And many of you on local natural rubber moving up all the way to INR 270, 
INR 280 levels, post-monsoon as seasonally rainy season is an adverse 
period. What's your view post that you see pulling off because the increase 
has been super sharp, almost 40% plus?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes. And rubber is actually not impacted at all by the whole West Asia crisis. 
So we definitely expect rubber to start cooling down from Q3 onwards as 
the seasonal impact goes off. 
 
Basudev Banerjee: 
So in that perspective, like maybe in last 10, 15 years, I have never seen a 
15%, 16% retail price increase in replacement market. As per your 
experience, after any such sharp price increase in a small-time frame, if 
commodity deflation starts happening, your experience is what it will fully 
trickle down to margin hyperinflation or you believe there can be pass-ons? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
See, Basudev, as you rightly said, we've always recorded our best margins 
when the raw material cycle starts coming down and definitely near term. 
And in a current demand scenario, that should play very favorably into our 
margins. Unfortunately, I will not get the credit of that and be talking to you 
people on that. But definitely, if this was to play out, it would play very 
favorably into the margins. 
 
Basudev Banerjee: 
Sure. Understood. And that would be very crucial from a cash flow 
perspective because CapEx is on the higher side currently. Do share the RM 
prices which you usually do. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Sure. So rubber this quarter was at INR 225, synthetic rubber, INR 250, carbon 
black, INR 125 and steel cord, INR 165. 
 
Basudev Banerjee:  
And broadly 8% further RMB inflation over these rates in Q2? 

 
 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
That's correct. And as you would take it that it's largely natural rubber led 
from the average of INR 225 in the current quarter, we are talking of an 
average upwards of INR 260-odd. 
 
Basudev Banerjee: 
And last question, with Brent falling from the highs of $110 to $80, $85, is BR 
spot rates for you has come down? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So typically, the crude basket is -- the pricing is at least a quarter lag 
minimum. So that benefit also will start coming in. But yes, on the crude 
basket side, including synthetic rubber, there's been less of a cost push into 
the current quarter. And hopefully, if the situation stabilises on that front also 
in West Asia, that would be a further boost from the RM decline into Q3. 
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
The next question is from the line of Joseph George. Joseph, please unmute 
your line and go ahead. 
 
Joseph George:  
Thank you. I have a couple of questions. One is that this time around, the 
quantum of price hikes that we have seen from the tyre makers is pretty 
steep and the kind of pricing discipline that we have seen. Of course, it's 
coming with a lag, but still coming in. Is there a difference in the industry 
structure now compared to in the previous cycle, maybe because the 
demand is very strong, maybe because capacity utilisation of all the players 
is very high. So Gaurav, I just wanted to get your read on this. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Joseph, absolutely right observation. So yes, one factor itself is that the cost 
push itself is unprecedented. And apart from raw material, which is 
obviously in the spotlight, there are challenges of logistics cost, et cetera. 
So clearly, the situation was something which required a drastic response. 
And yes, all the players would have been in a fairly dire straits if we hadn't 
taken price increases.  
 
So yes, given this situation, I guess, the urgency or the need to take steeper 
price increases than our historical evidence exists suggests was very much 
there. And yes, the other factor, which you yourself said, the fact that 
demand was very strong. We are talking about mid- to high-teens growth 
in the key product categories, meant that you could take those price 
increases. 
 
Joseph George:  
Okay. Got it. The second thing I wanted to check was if you can share the 
revenue and the EBITDA numbers for Reifen. 
 

 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Just a minute, so Reifen was EUR 43 million revenue in Q1, and about 3% 
EBITDA.  
 
Joseph George:  
Okay. Okay, Gaurav. Thank you. And we wish you the very best for the 
future.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Joseph.  
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
We'll take the next question from Vijay Pandey. Vijay, please go ahead. 
 
Vijay Pandey: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for allowing a follow-up. Sir, one concern that we have is once 
we move in the second half, you're also saying that there may be raw 
material prices may come down. And the demand is also because of the 
higher base effect may lag. So have you previously seen any impact? Like 
do you expect the industry to maintain the pricing discipline? Or there may 
be some ASP correction also to happen probably in the quarter four 
onwards. Do you expect that? Or in your historical... 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
See difficult to predict, Vijay. It will also depend on the magnitude of the RM 
drop. Typically, the industry has always recorded and reported its best 
margins in a falling raw material scenario. But if the raw material prices were 
to come down significantly, vis-a-vis the demand situation. There may be 
some price correction downwards in Q4. But at this stage, as I said, it will 
depend on the demand scenario and the magnitude of the RM decline. 
 
Vijay Pandey: 
And secondly, sir, if we see natural -- for the natural rubber, our domestic 
rubber prices are very highly elevated despite normalisation of West Asia 
war. So any particular reason because international rubber prices are 
starting to cool down, but domestic rubber prices are still at very elevated 
level. And what is your expectation on this? And what will be our breakup 
between domestic and international rubber? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So we are almost at about 50-50 between domestic and international and 
have the ability to switch either side to a certain proportion, not completely 
in a very short term. As international prices cool down, the domestic rubber 
invariably will have to start coming down because there's a certain price 
parity, which is always maintained. And in a global market, a significant 
disparity between the landed cost of imported rubber versus domestic 
rubber will not sustain. 
 
Vijay Pandey: 
Okay. Thank you, sir.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Vijay.  

 
 
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Sir, just before we conclude, I just have a couple of questions. From a 
competition angle, sir. ………and in this particular segment you are seeing 
very high competition ratio, I think.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Aniket, your voice is breaking. I couldn't get the question. I understood there 
was something about competition, pricing, but I was not sure what was the 
question.  
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Yeah. Sorry, I was asking you, given that you indicated, you outperformed 
the industry, yet took sizable price increases, is it fair to assume that 
competition has also followed these price increases, and in specific 
segment where you are seeing heightened competitive pressure?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
No. So competition has also taken price increases, could be a little up or 
down, there could be some timing differences. But in general, the 
competition has followed through with pricing increases, and let's say similar 
magnitude.  
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
And just one final bit, if you have it handy, could you help us put your market 
share as it stands today in the replacement category?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Those are our internal estimates, because we don't get the industry data, 
but I would believe that in TBR replacement, we would be now upwards of 
30%. And in passenger car replacement, we would be 21% plus.  
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
So basically, that means TBR, we are back to where we were sometime 
back.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
That's correct. We've regained some of the share that we had lost.  
 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Perfect. Great. Due to time constraints, we will take that as the last question 
for the day. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Securities, I would like to thank the 
management for giving us an opportunity to host this call. Thank you to all 
the participants for being there on the call. With that, we conclude today's 
call. Thank you, everyone.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Aniket. Thank you, everyone. 
