Date: 21 July 2026      
 
                 Ref. No.: TCPCL/SEC/2026-27/00027 
 
To, 
The General Manager,  
 
 
 
 
The Manager, 
Corporate relationship department,  
 
Listing department, 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
 
 
 
 
 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra(E), 
Mumbai-400 001   
 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai-400 051 
Scrip Code: 543321   
 
 
 
 
Scrip Symbol: TATVA 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings 
call held on 17 July 2026 post announcement of financial results of the Company for the 
quarter ended 30 June 2026. 
 
The above information shall be made available on Company’s website of at 
www.tatvachintan.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
 
___________ 
Ishwar Nayi 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A37444 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
ISHWAR 
RAMANBHAI 
NAYI
Digitally signed by ISHWAR 
RAMANBHAI NAYI 
Date: 2026.07.21 17:06:04 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 17, 2026 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHINTAN SHAH – MANAGING DIRECTOR – TATVA 
CHINTAN PHARMA CHEM LIMITED 
 
MR. AJESH PILLAI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
TATVA CHINTAN PHARMA CHEM LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. MOHIT – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited Q1 
FY27 Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Mohit: 
Thank you, Anushka. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining on Tatva Chintan Pharma 
Chem Limited Q1 FY27 Results Conference Call. We have Tatva Chintan management on the 
call represented by Mr. Chintan Shah, Managing Director; and Mr. Ajesh Pillai, CFO. 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Ajesh Pillai to initiate with opening remarks, post which we will 
have a Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ajesh Pillai: 
Thank you. Good evening. On behalf of the management, I'm pleased to welcome all of you to 
Tatva Chintan's results conference call to discuss financial results for Q1 FY27. Please note that 
a copy of all the earnings call-related disclosures is available on both the stock exchanges, that 
is NSE and BSE, as well as on the website of the company. 
 
Any statements made or discussed during the call, which reflects our outlook for the future or 
which could be construed as forward-looking statement must be reviewed in conjunction with 
the risks that company faces. A detailed disclaimer in this regard has been included in the 
investor presentation that has been shared on both the stock exchanges that is NSE and BSE. 
 
I'll take you through the key financial highlights across our major business segments for the 
quarter.  
For Q1 FY27, Tatva Chintan reported operating revenue of INR1,671 million, reflecting a 43% 
year-on-year growth and 25% sequential increase.  
EBITDA stood at INR323 million, representing a 86% growth Y-on-Y and 15% improvement 
over the previous quarter. 
 
Now moving to the segment-wise performance: 
 Phase Transfer Catalysts contributed INR428 million in revenue, a 38% growth quarter-on-
quarter and 47% increase year-on-year.  
Electrolyte Salts achieved INR63 million in revenue, recording a down 52% sequentially and a 
growth of 76% Y-o-Y.  
Pharma & Agro Intermediates and Specialty Chemicals delivered INR584 million in revenue, 
63% growth quarter-on-quarter and a growth of 25% Y-o-Y.  

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Structure Directing Agents reported INR578 million in revenue, reflecting a 10% growth 
quarter-on-quarter and a 47% increase year-on-year. 
 
With this overview of the financial and operational performance of the quarter, now I will deliver 
the speech of our Managing Director, Mr. Chintan Shah, on his behalf.  
As we begin the new financial year, I believe this quarter marks an important milestone in Tatva 
Chintan's growth journey. Over the past several years, we have consistently invested in 
developing new chemistries, expanding our technology capabilities, strengthening 
manufacturing processes and building long-term customer relationships. 
 
We are now beginning to witness these efforts translating into tangible commercial outcomes 
across multiple business verticals. What is particularly encouraging is that this progress is not 
being driven by a single product or a single market. Instead, we are seeing positive developments 
across several strategic business simultaneously. The increasing commercial acceptance of our 
products, the expansion of our opportunity pipeline and the confidence to undertake fresh 
capacity investments together reinforce our belief that company is entering a new phase of 
sustainable growth. 
 
While the global business environment continues to witness geopolitical developments and 
evolving trade dynamics, customer procurement patterns across our key businesses have become 
significantly more predictable. This provides us with greater visibility and enables us to plan our 
manufacturing technology and capacity expansion initiatives with increased confidence. 
 
Let me now take you through the development across our major business segments.  
Phase Transfer Catalysts:  PTC continues to remain one of the strongest pillars of our portfolio. 
As industries across the chemical value chain increasingly focus on improving process 
efficiency, enhancing product selectivity and adopting more sustainable manufacturing 
practices, the relevance of Phase Transfer Catalysts chemistry continues to expand across a wide 
range of applications. 
 
Rather than being viewed merely as a catalyst, PTC is increasingly recognized as a process-
enabling technology of improving manufacturing economics while supporting greener 
chemistry. We believe this structural shift in customer preferences will continue to create 
opportunities for sustainable organic growth and further strengthen our leadership position in 
this business. 
 
Structure Directing Agents: The outlook for our SDA business continues to strengthen. The 
implementation of Euro 7 standards has now begun translating into revenue and there is a very 
visible customer demand, validating the opportunity that we have been anticipating. We are 
witnessing encouraging momentum across our customer base and the overall business 
environment for this segment is very robust. Considering gradual geographical implementation 
of Euro 7, we are confident that this business will position to witness a strong demand. 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
Electrolyte Salts: Our Electrolyte Salts business continue to make a steady progress towards 
larger commercial scale. The demand of our electrolytes for energy storage device is rapidly 
increasing, with consumption increasing broadly in line with our expectations. Severe short 
supply of certain key raw materials due to Middle East crisis led to significant production delays, 
impacting the revenue recognition for the quarter and the situation is now gradually getting 
streamlined in terms of its availability. 
 
Equally encouraging is the progress achieved in with our hybrid battery customer, whose 
commercialization program is advancing well and steadily moving towards commercial supply.  
Pharma, Agro and Specialty Chemicals: The PASC business has delivered one of its most 
encouraging quarters from a strategic perspective. The molecules commercialized over the 
recent quarters are witnessing increasing customer acceptance, resulting in repeat orders and 
visible improvement in demand. The transition from initial commercialization to recurring 
procurement is significant milestone and it validates both quality of our products and the 
confidence our customers have reposed in our capabilities. 
 
On the Pharmaceutical side, I'm pleased to share that the commercial production of one of our 
pharma intermediates commenced during the very first quarter itself. We expect demand to 
strengthen progressively during the course of the year, while additional pharma molecules are 
also expected to move towards commercialization in the later, half of the year. For us, the most 
satisfying outcomes of this progress is the confidence it gives us to accelerate the next phase of 
product development. 
 
Several R&D-ready molecules with this segment are now entering pilot scale manufacturing, 
while development activities for others are already underway. This ensures that even as today's 
products continue to scale up, the next generation of opportunity is already moving through our 
innovation pipeline. Coming to Semiconductor. I'm extremely proud to share that our first batch 
produced on commercial plant scale was delivered to the customer during this quarter, and this 
batch has been successfully qualified by the customer. 
 
We consider this to be one of the Tatva Chintan's glaring achievements of the past decade. The 
significance of this achievement extends far beyond a single product. It validates our research 
capabilities, manufacturing excellence, quality systems and our ability to meet the demanding 
standards of the global semiconductor industry. 
 
More importantly, it opens the door to significant larger opportunities as additional products 
continue to progress through the customer qualification. While this business will continue to 
require patience owing to its rigorous validation process, we believe this milestone marks the 
beginning of a long-term value creation opportunity for the company. 
 
In line with the growing opportunities across our business, I'm pleased to share that our Board 
of Directors has today approved the establishment of a new greenfield manufacturing facility 
involving an investment of approximately INR200 crores. We have scheduled the 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
groundbreaking ceremony for this on 20th July 2026. This investment reflects our confidence in 
the future rather than merely addressing today's requirements. 
 
The proposed facility is being designed as a future-ready manufacturing platform that will 
support the commercialization of new products, provide greater operational flexibility and create 
capacity required for company's next phase of growth. Our philosophy has been to build 
capabilities ahead of demand. This project reflects the philosophy and demonstrates our 
confidence in the opportunities that lie before us. 
 
We believe the progress achieved during this quarter represents an important beginning, and we 
look forward to converting these opportunities into enduring value for all our stakeholders. 
Before I conclude, I would like to sincerely thank our customers, employees, business partners 
and shareholders for their continued trust and unwavering support. This year marks 30 years of 
Tatva Chintan, and this milestone belongs to every stakeholder who has been a part of our 
journey. As we enter our fourth decade, we do so with renewed confidence, stronger capabilities 
and an unwavering commitment to creating value through innovation, specialized chemistry and 
responsible growth. Thank you. 
 
I now request the moderator to open the floor for question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
The first question from the line of Shlok Patel from Zenflow Finance. 
Shlok Patel: 
Am I audible? 
Ajesh Pillai: 
Yes, you are audible. 
Shlok Patel: 
Yes. Congratulations on the great results. My first question is on the PTC segment. PTC segment 
did very well this quarter. What led to this growth? And can we expect similar numbers in 
coming quarters? 
Ajesh Pillai: 
See, PTC demand is increasing because of the widening acceptability of phase-transfer catalyst 
across the chemical industry. When we started back in 1996, PTC was a very new product. But 
over the time, chemical industries, I mean, various chemical segments in the industry itself have 
recognized the benefit of using phase-transfer catalyst. 
 
So, the acceptability of this is going to go on increasing and the demand for the same is going to 
increase. But the factor in our case is that we have forward integrated the PTC into SDA and 
Electrolyte Salts & Solutions also. 
 
So as and when the demand of SDA and the Electrolyte Salts & Solutions increase, we will be 
consuming more PTC into those products, and we will be selling less of PTC into market. But 
at the same time, we will have to cater to our loyal and long-term customers. So, we'll continue 
to produce and sell PTCs to our best of our capabilities. 
Shlok Patel: 
Okay. Great. My second question is on PASC. So can you give us outlook on the glymes, which 
we sell for lithium-ion batteries and what are the other molecules we sell in the segment? 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Ajesh Pillai: 
We don't sell for lithium batteries. We are not into lithium batteries. And probably the question 
you are asking is from Electrolyte Salts & Solutions segment and PASC that is Pharma & Agro 
segment. 
Shlok Patel: 
Okay. So, in PPT, it's written that we manufacture glymes, which is used as solvent in lithium-
ion batteries. So that's why I was asking. 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes, you are correct. So basically, MONOGLYME is one of the key products which we are 
doing on conventional chemistry and converting it into the continuous flow chemistry. By the 
time we actually successfully translated this into continuous flow chemistry to make it more 
sustainable, the environment scenario in terms of pricing has become too aggressive from the 
Chinese supplies. So, we have withheld our plan to invest as of now into the glyme's capacity 
addition. 
 
So, we continue to produce at a decent scale using our existing infrastructure in place and we 
cater to this demand. So basically, we have very less exposure to the battery manufacturers, 
whereas our large customer base in terms of glymes we sell into more of pharma industry. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Pal from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Pal: 
Yes, am I audible? 
Ajesh Pillai: 
Yes, you are audible. 
Pal: 
And my question is like what do you see as the biggest execution risk to achieving your FY27 
guidance? Is it customer demand, raw material volatility or commercialization of new products? 
Ajesh Pillai: 
None of them. We don't foresee any obstacles to this year's guidance because all the demand 
from the customers and the segments are quite visible. And I don't think there should be any 
obstacle in achieving this target. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Raman K.V. from Sequent Investments. 
Raman K.V.: 
Sir, can you hear me? 
Ajesh Pillai: 
Yes. 
Raman K.V.: 
Sir, firstly, congratulations on a good set of -- on an excellent start to the year. I have a few 
questions. Sir, firstly, on the pharma molecule side, which you -- earlier in the Q4 call, you 
mentioned that you will be commercializing 1 molecule in Q1 and 2 more molecules by Q3 end. 
 
So, what's the incremental revenue do we expect over FY26 from the 3 new molecules which 
will be commenced -- which are commenced during this year? And how much will these 
molecules scale in the coming FY28 year? 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Ajesh Pillai: 
It should contribute around INR70 crores to INR80 crores of revenue from all these pharma 
molecules. And in this current financial year. And gradually, it should uptick in next financial 
year, too. 
Raman K.V.: 
And how much can we expect from like at full utilization, how much can we expect from these 
3 molecules? 
Ajesh Pillai: 
INR200 crores. In the range of INR200 crores. 
Raman K.V.: 
Okay. And sir, my second question is on the semiconductor side, can you just talk about the 
product, which -- or what product are we working on? And where this semiconductor, chemical 
-- at what part of the value chain it is used? And if possible, can you also let us know what is the 
total addressable market for market opportunity for us in this particular sale? 
Chintan Shah: 
Basically, the application of this product, what we have now commercialized, the first 
commercial supply that became successful. So this product has application getting into as a key 
starting raw materials to make the semiconductor. So it's a key starting block to make the 
semiconductor. Parallelly, it also has applications in etching of the printed circuit boards, as well 
as in cleaning of the circuits. So it is being used as etching agent, as a cleaning agent and also as 
a key starting block for making the semiconductor. 
 
Of course, all these 3 applications have 3 variety of specifications. Out of which, the most 
stringent one is where you use it as a key starting block for making semiconductor. And the 
approval what we have got from this quarter for this is basically for being used as a key starting 
block for making semiconductors. So it is the most rigorous specifications among all the 3 
applications, and we have successfully met with the specification criteria of the customer. 
 
In terms of addressable demand, it is too early right now to gauge, but I'm sure it's going to be a 
very large potential. Again, see, this is my first plant-scale trial. I believe at least 3 or 4 such 
plant-scale trials will happen over the course of next 2 years. And customer would want to test 
the consistency in terms of how we can deliver the product in terms of consistency of quality 
and all the rest of the parameters. 
 
And after that, we will start talking of commercializing, use it. And of course, as you know, any 
change in semiconductor is extremely difficult. So probably it's not an easy take off. It's going 
to be a tough time getting into the commercialization and acquiring business. But once we set 
our foot in into any commercial application, then I think it opens up doors for very large 
opportunity. 
Raman K.V.: 
And just a follow-up on this. You said we have received approval for this product. Can you also 
specify... 
Chintan Shah: 
Qualified. So, this is now successfully qualified by the customer. So, this is my first batch on a 
-- coming out from my plant. So a plant-scale first batch, and this has now been successfully 
qualified. So customer has confirmed that your product meets all the desired specifications. So 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
now there will be multiple stages, scale-ups would happen. But today, we have just delivered a 
few tons of this product. Then it will go to few tens of tons, few hundreds of tons and then you 
talk of commercialization. 
Raman K.V.: 
So, can I ask you who is the end client from whom you are getting quality approval? Is it the 
semiconductor company which makes the starting semiconductor or someone else? 
Chintan Shah: 
Someone else. So, semiconductor companies will never directly buy such thing. There are 
always MNC companies who would end up supplying this to the semiconductor or the fab 
manufacturers. 
Raman K.V.: 
Understood, sir. Sir, also you mentioned in the call that you are -- there is a INR200 crores 
greenfield capex plan for the year. Can you specify for what product this is? And can you specify 
what kind of revenue do you expect from this INR200 crores capex? And by what time line this 
capex will be in place? 
Ajesh Pillai: 
See, we have been working on our R&D products for quite a long -- quite a few years now. And 
this facility is being built for actually catering -- scaling up of those R&D-ready products as well 
as to meet the domestic demand. That is, we are looking at the economic development in India. 
 
The demand of these chemicals would increase more rampantly in Indian economy. So we would 
like to cater to the domestic demand, too. So, this facility is more going to take care of these 
requirements. And as far as the revenue is concerned, we would be looking at somewhere around 
1.2x to 1.5x asset turnover ratio, which means we would end up having around INR300 crores 
of revenue at peak utilization. 
Raman K.V.: 
Yes, I get that. I just want to understand, is it like a Pharma & Agrochem Intermediates view we 
are working towards? Or is it towards the Electrolyte side? Or is it towards the SDA side? Or is 
it a new category as... 
Chintan Shah: 
No, no, it's a multipurpose, multiproduct facility that we are setting up. So it is fungible between 
the sectors. And basically, we have introduced a lot of new products over the last 2, 3 years. You 
see this new pharma introductions, new agro-introduced products, which is causing now capacity 
issues. 
 
And of course, we foresee there is a lot of organic growth that is also going to happen. There 
would be new molecules that are in pipeline to be introduced in the market. So just keeping this 
vision in mind, we are setting up this facility, so that by the time we nearly saturate our Dahej 
facilities, we have an already infrastructure in place, which can cater to the upcoming growth 
opportunities. 
Raman K.V.: 
Understood, sir. And sir, finally, sir, you guided for 10% revenue contribution from Electrolyte 
Salts in FY27. Are we sticking to the guidance? And can you also specify how are we planning 
to increase the uptick from currently which like in the current quarter, it contributed to INR6 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
crores of the revenue? And how are you planning to scale from INR6 crores to roughly, let's say, 
INR60 crores? Almost... 
Chintan Shah: 
It will not be up to -- so between INR40 crores to INR60 crores revenue is what we still hold the 
guidance. And yes, we have enough capacities in place to cater to this demand. So we don't have 
to do anything special to achieve this revenue. Now everything is in place. Customer demands 
are very crystal clear, very highly visible. So, it's just moving about in this zone. 
Raman K.V.: 
Do we have any order book... 
Chintan Shah: 
A couple of months. Unfortunately, we lost a couple of months due to unavailability of couple 
of key raw materials in this space. It just happened because of the war situation, which impacted 
our productivity. So, we had to sit idle for a few weeks together. Otherwise, yes, there is no 
issue, no challenges at our end in terms of infrastructure in place, customer demand in place, 
clear visibility. I don't see any challenges. 
Raman K.V.: 
Do we have any specific order book for this in hand? 
Chintan Shah: 
It is not never an order book in hand. So, it is basically happening on quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Nirali Gopani from Unique PMS. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Congratulations on very good set of numbers. So, Chintan, my first question is on this revenue 
growth that you have seen in the quarter. So, what will be the contribution from the pricing 
improvement because last few quarters, pricing was an issue. So still it be volume driven or 
pricing has improved? 
Chintan Shah: 
Marginally, so that's not a major impact coming from pricing. The large impact is coming from 
volume growth. Because actually, honestly speaking, we have not been thorough in terms of 
passing on the increase in cost. So that is visible on our margins as well. Because that was not 
an easy -- because the price increase was too rampant and came at a very short notice. So, it just 
happened overnight kind of thing. So, most of this is genuinely a volume growth and not a 
pricing differential. 
 
Now we are pushing for price increase. So now we are translating that we are -- so since last, I 
would say, since last 40, 50 days now that price pass-on has started, customers have started 
accepting the higher price because they know there is no other way to go. Globally, the prices 
have risen and they have to gradually learn to accept. And that's what we are also doing from 
our raw material suppliers. So basically, the value chain has -- the prices on all the fronts have 
gone up in terms of our incoming raw materials. And now we are pushing the price change in 
terms of selling our finished goods as well. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Okay, okay. Perfect. And second is on this current capacity on the -- and on the further capacity. 
So currently, with our capacity, we can do a peak revenue of INR900 crores. Does the additional 
Dahej capacity available for next year? Or it's only after this third block comes into the picture? 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Chintan Shah: 
We are doing some debottlenecking stuff. We have one small block where we can do maybe 4, 
5, 6 reactors or stuff like that, but not something which can really address the growth or the 
coming of demand. So, in reality, anything beyond this INR800 crores, INR850 crores will look 
-- we should have a place already, infrastructure in place to cater to this growth. Otherwise, we'll 
start kind of getting stagnated. And I foresee that happening from next year itself. So that is the 
reason why we are focusing on this greenfield project to push fast. 
 
So theoretically, we want to finish it. So theoretically, we say we want this site to be in place 
within -- into operations within 21 months. Internally, we are pushing to get it through within 
18 months, if possible. It's a task in itself, but yes, we are pushing hard for that. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Right. So, post this INR850 crores, we'll have some new capacity at Jolva then at Dahej? And 
then semiconductor will be the third opportunity? 
Chintan Shah: 
Not Dahej. Dahej, we are nearly saturated. We have consumed all the piece or parcel of land in 
Dahej. So now there is hardly anything. So very small production block is what is feasible to be 
made. So ideally speaking, Dahej is now getting into saturation mode in terms of available space. 
So, any major growth has to happen only from the new site. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Okay, okay. And semiconductor will be over and above this, right? For that, we are not doing 
any capex at the moment? 
Chintan Shah: 
Not at the moment. Because we don't -- honestly speaking, we don't foresee a major 
commercialization happening until at least I would say not before Q4 of 2028. I don't see that it 
will commercialize in a large volume because it's going to take its own sweet time. Very well 
aware of the process, how they qualify. So, I know it's not going to be an overnight thing. It will 
take its own sweet time to commercialize. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Right. And lastly, so for this FY27, do we see this quarterly run rate of Q1 being maintained? 
Chintan Shah: 
We see, yes, so 25%, 30% growth is what we forecasted, and that's what we stick to. So yes, in 
pure mathematics terms, we are saying that, yes, we should maintain this run rate. 
Nirali Gopani: 
And for the full year, what kind of margin should we work with? EBITDA margins? 
Chintan Shah: 
As I always say, so unfortunately, we have lost 1 quarter with a little lesser margin, but I would 
still stick to 20%, 22% margins in guidance. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Gourab Paul from Zenflow Finance Private Limited. 
Gourab Paul: 
Am I audible? 
Ajesh Pillai: 
Yes, you are audible. 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Gourab Paul: 
Congratulations to you. My first question is regarding the geopolitical scenario. So, we keep 
hearing that there is a lot of anti-involution that is happening in China. I mean could you give 
some color on that? 
Ajesh Pillai: 
Anti-involution happening in China? 
Gourab Paul: 
Yes, I mean the prices in China? 
Ajesh Pillai: 
Can you come back? What is happening in China? 
Gourab Paul: 
The price -- I mean the government is taking away the VAT or taking away the subsidies that 
they used to give to industry, especially in the... 
Chintan Shah: 
This is still news, but it's not a law. So, this, if at all happens, is expected to be in place from 
January of next year. So, this is what we keep hearing from customers and suppliers both. But 
let us see as and when it happens. So, most of the subsidies in terms of specialty chemicals or 
agro intermediates or pharma intermediates is expected to go away. 
 
So that would, of course, push -- that would be in terms of Tatva Chintan per se within the 
chemical space. Companies like Tatva Chintan should see some benefit deriving out of this 
change. But it is too early to predict and you never know what China is going to do. So let us 
wait and watch and not speculate on that. 
Gourab Paul: 
Got it, sir. The second question is regarding the lithium-ion manufacturing momentum in India. 
Now your salts are getting used in the electrolyte, I assume, right? 
Chintan Shah: 
But electrolyte of different types of batteries, not in lithium batteries. 
Gourab Paul: 
Okay, okay. So do we have any solutions also for lithium batteries? 
Chintan Shah: 
We don't, no. So basically, we have solution in the zinc battery solutions in the supercapacitor 
battery solutions, but nothing to do with the lithium batteries. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Sarang Desai from Tamohara. 
Sarang Desai: 
Am I audible? 
Ajesh Pillai: 
No. 
Sarang Desai: 
Am I audible now? 
Ajesh Pillai: 
Yes, yes. 
Sarang Desai: 
Sir, my question is on the front of the SDA vertical. So since according to the past trajectory 
when China was our biggest customer when it comes to SDA and the diesel truck sales in China 
is continuously being replaced by the EV demand and hybrid demand. So with the Euro 7 coming 
in, so do we see tapping markets in the Europe? Because the European diesel sales is still higher 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
than the Chinese market. So I mean, just wanted to understand the geographical segmentation 
with the Euro 7 with respect to the SDA. 
Chintan Shah: 
Euro 7 is right now is only being implemented across Europe. So it eventually has to go to U.S., 
go to Japan, China, India. So it will happen over the next 3, 4, 5 years' time frame. And yes, 
what you said about China is absolutely true. So a lot of demand of diesel trucks went to the gas. 
Gradually, what I understand is gradually, there is a very slow uptick in terms of diesel engines. 
But in terms of passenger vehicles, a lot of demand is already going to the EV side, right? So 
this is going to go out of purview of using SDA application in that area. But the real demand is 
not passenger vehicles, but it is from the large diesel engines. 
 
The rest of the world, yes, the demand is growing rapidly. So that is a good part what we foresee. 
And Chinese demand is yet to pick up. So there is not really any uptick in terms of demand 
coming in from China. But rest of the globe, the demand is becoming stronger and stronger. As 
we move towards Euro 7, shift gradually, it will happen geographically. That will translate into 
stronger demand for Tatva as well. Because with Euro 6, we had certain geographical limitations 
in terms of sales, which goes away with Euro 7. So that will be an added benefit for us in terms 
of growing our market share. 
Sarang Desai: 
Okay, okay. And my next question was on the ESS vertical. So like we had in earlier con-call 
discussion regarding we have some large volume orders from hybrid vehicle batteries of one of 
the customers. So... 
Chintan Shah: 
Hybrid vehicle batteries customer is into the process of commercialization. So it's now just 
beginning to get into commercialization phase. So this should happen from October or 
November of this year, calendar year '26, whereas the major part of the demand is coming from 
a couple of customers using these electrolytes into stationary energy storage systems. 
Sarang Desai: 
Okay, okay. But like the ramp-up of ESS that we are looking after is on the basis of hybrid 
vehicle batteries, which will come after October, right? I mean the major part of the ramp-up in 
the revenue. 
Chintan Shah: 
And then that actual commercialization, so full-scale up commercialization of the hybrid 
systems is expected to happen somewhere in late 2027. So 1 year would be -- so they are just 
initiating their battery manufacturing plant now. So it's going to take a while for them to stabilize 
into a full volumes. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Rohit from Progressive Shares. 
Rohit: 
A couple of questions. First one is the continuous flow chemistry, how many of these 
commercial molecules that we have are currently using the continuous flow chemistries? 
Chintan Shah: 
2 products. 
Rohit: 
And in the next 3 years or so, how many more do you think can be added? 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Chintan Shah: 
Now majority of the development what we are doing. So it may not be in all stages of a product. 
But what I see is, let us say, about 7 or 8 products in near future getting into commercial phase 
or piloting phase. All of these products either have electrochemistry or continuous flow 
chemistry. 
Rohit: 
When these products probably move from batch to continuous, what sort of improvement do we 
see? Do we see it in the yield or the manufacturing time? Or is it the return on capital that is 
altered? 
Chintan Shah: 
On all the fronts, you see improvements happening in terms of your productivity going up, in 
terms of your cost coming down, in terms of certain -- basically, certain base chemistries, you 
are able to reduce the number of stages of chemistry. For example, the 2-stage product, you can 
do it in a one single stage. So you have a lot of bandwidth that you create. So as we move -- so 
what we are now currently doing is our existing products, what we are already doing on 
conventional chemistry basis. So now we have started focusing on how we can move from a 
conventional chemistry to a flow chemistry. 
 
So this is what -- in one of the earlier questions, I talked about trying to do certain 
debottlenecking of the plant and trying to optimize how we can generate larger revenue from the 
existing infrastructure. So these are some of the areas where we are focusing to shift and working 
on moving the products from batch mode to continuous flow mode, which can release some of 
our reactor capacity and give us larger revenue from the existing infrastructure. So continuous 
flow is our core focus as of now. 
Rohit: 
If this chemistry has got such a big moat, do you think that the competitors will be able to 
replicate it over a period of time? 
Chintan Shah: 
See, if Tatva can do, I don't believe someone else cannot do. So it's just about -- I mean it's -- if 
we say we are a very small company, if you see within the chemical segment then potentially, 
we are the smallest player within the segment whom you all know the rest of the companies. We 
can do, I'm sure, with given dedication or a given vision, any one of them can crack this. It's not 
a big challenge. Of course, you have to remain behind it, stay focused and keep investing behind 
this because it takes a time. Conventional is always faster and easy. So it has its pros, but it also 
has lots of cons. So it's -- yes. 
Rohit: 
Makes sense. On this new reactor capacity, which product category do you think will consume 
most of this reactor capacity? Is it the existing products or new products? Or will you be looking 
at contract manufacturing or something? 
Chintan Shah: 
Both, both. So we are -- as I said, we are also right now focusing on converting some of our 
existing products from conventional to continuous. And as I said, among the 8 products, what I 
foresee as the next getting into commercial phase is either piloting or commercialization. Each 
of these products has, in either of the stages of production, it has continuous flow chemistry. 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Rohit: 
And you don't have any vision or any wish to go for contract manufacturing for some customer 
or some client or something of that sort? 
Chintan Shah: 
As far as -- see, we have a lot of things in pipeline. So I don't see that something is stopping me 
from doing my own organic growth. So we have -- we are not nearing saturation in terms of our 
ideas of growth. As far as we see that there is a lot of potential we can generate from our own 
resources and from our own contracts and from our own capabilities, till that point in time, I 
don't see that we want to go and do contract manufacturing or stuff like that. 
Rohit: 
But for this new capacity, do you have some commitment made from some of the customers? 
Are you discussing with it? Or is there some talk before commissioning? 
Chintan Shah: 
Of course, of course, we do. So there may not be a contract -- official contract in place, but there 
is, of course, some commitment from a customer that, yes, this is what is of our interest. And if 
you are able to crack this in a different way, then yes, we are the first one to come and buy from 
you. 
Rohit: 
And in the next 3 years, what sort of revenue growth is currently visible that you feel that these 
new products or the already existing one would or the ones which are under the qualification 
these can produce? What is the revenue growth that you see? Is it 25%, 30%, 35% growth on a 
CAGR basis? 
Chintan Shah: 
So over the next 3 to 4 years, if you let us pick because Jolva was getting commercialized. So 
let us say about coming 4 years from today, we should envisage at least 20% to 25% 
compounded growth year-on-year basis. 
Rohit: 
And anything on the minimum acceptable post-tax ROIC, if you have that calculated or have 
any rough work that has been done on that? 
Chintan Shah: 
We are working on that. So basically, we are targeting to cross -- see, basically, what -- the way 
we do it is some of these chemistries what we have done in last few years. So first of all, phase-
transfer catalysts, SDAs, electrolyte salts. So these were certain chemistries where our asset turn 
ratio was very high. Then we started getting into these multistage chemistries, pharma 
intermediates, agro intermediates. Even the next stages of developmental growth is going to 
come from these kind of intermediates of pharma and agro. So these are, again, multistage 
chemistries. So your asset turn ratio has started getting disturbed, right? 
 
So now when we talk, we say, okay, asset turn ratio of 1.5, we are very happy, right? And when 
we were talking of the earlier 3 product ranges, we were talking of asset turn ratio of 1:3. So the 
ball game has changed. But when we talk of ROIC, we look at about 20%, 22% should be a 
decent achievement, and that is what we are focusing to in that direction. 
Moderator: 
So, the next question is from the line of Ketan Chheda, an individual investor. 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Ketan Chheda: 
Congratulations on good results. My first question is with respect to the MONOGLYME, I think 
one of the earlier participants tried to question that. So, my question is at one point in time, we 
were installing capacities for manufacturing MONOGLYME and we were targeting to 
manufacture about 2,000 tons or something of that sort. So, could you just update what is the 
status on that? Are we producing, not producing? Did we install those equipments? 
Chintan Shah: 
We did install the equipment to produce MONOGLYME, which now we have converted to put 
to use for a different product. So that product is the electrolyte for supercapacitor batteries. So 
we produce the raw material of that from that equipment. The reason why we moved a step back 
from MONOGLYME is a terrible price drop that happened from China, $4.6, $4.7, $4.8 roughly. 
In that price range, the product price dropped from there to $2.1. It just happened within 30 days' 
time frame when they dropped the prices. 
 
Now again, we see the prices going up to $3, $3.5, but right now, we are honestly not very keen 
on getting into a large place. So what we do, a few hundred tons of this product, but we continue 
to use our conventional chemistry in that place. Whereas the continuous flow equipment what 
we installed, that we have put to use for a different product. 
Ketan Chheda: 
Okay, okay. And we also had one product, which was flame retardant. And I think you had a 
similar experience there as well where the economics was not very favorable by the time we 
ended up developing and were ready to manufacture. So any update on that flame retardants? 
Chintan Shah: 
No, it still continues to remain in such situation. Basically, it is directly connected to the polymer 
industry, and still the situation there is not much reversal in the situation. We are not getting into 
commercialization of those products in very near future for sure. 
Ketan Chheda: 
Sure. Right. The other question I have is with respect to our foray into these semiconductor 
chemicals. So right now, we are going ahead, you mentioned about 3 of your applications and 
you kind of initially qualified for one of the stringent, the most strictest qualification criteria. Do 
we have other products in the pipeline for the same sector or we are kind of yet to start 
developing? 
Chintan Shah: 
Currently, we have 5 products on pipeline. So, one of this is now produced from the plant scale. 
We have another one produced from pilot scale, which is currently under evaluation from the 
customer side. We have 2 other products, 3 other products which are in the development phase. 
So totally, we are working on 5 different products in this space. 
Ketan Chheda: 
Okay, okay. Sure. And as of now, in our pipeline, the products that may be at lab scale or maybe 
pilot scale, could you give us a number across all your different segments? How much -- how 
many products are there? 
Chintan Shah: 
In mature pipeline, we have about 9 different products now. The semiconductor products I'm not 
including because these are long term. So, it's not going to happen before 2028. So, what will 
commercialize before 2028, we are looking into 8 or 9 different products which are now mature. 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we take that as the last question. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to 
you, sir. 
Ajesh Pillai: 
Thank you. On behalf of the management of Tatva Chintan, thank you for joining us on today's 
earnings call. We trust that we have addressed most of your questions during the discussion. 
Should you require any further clarification, please feel free to reach out, and we will be happy 
to connect offline. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
