 
 
 
SBI Life Insurance Company Ltd. 
Registered and Corporate Office: Natraj, M.V. Road and Western Express Highway Junction 
Andheri (East), Mumbai 400 069. Tel.: (022) 6191 0000/ 3968 0000 
IRDAI Regn. No. 111. CIN: L99999MH2000PLC129113 
www.sbilife.co.in 
 
July 30, 2026                                                                            SBIL/CS/NSE-BSE/2627/77 
 
Vice President                      
 
                                 General Manager 
Listing Department,  
 
 
 
                      Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
 
           BSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza,  
 
 
 
 
                      Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block, BKC, 
 
 
 
           Dalal Street,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051                                            Mumbai 400001 
NSE Symbol: SBILIFE                                                             BSE Scrip Code: 540719 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference call for Q1 of FY 2026-27 
 
This is in continuation to our intimation letter ref. No.: SBIL/CS/NSE-BSE/2627/63 dated 
July 20, 2026 and in compliance with the provision of Regulation 30 read with  
Schedule III (Part A) (Para A) (15) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose transcript of the earnings conference call 
held on Friday, July 24, 2026. 
 
The transcript of the earnings conference call with analysts or institutional investors is 
also hosted on the Company's website at www.sbilife.co.in 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
 
Girish Manik 
Company Secretary 
ACS No. 26391  
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
Girish 
Mahesh 
Manik
Digitally signed 
by Girish 
Mahesh Manik 
Date: 2026.07.30 
18:36:56 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 24, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management:  
Mr. Amit Jhingran – Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer  
 
Mr. Sangramjit Sarangi – President and Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Subhendu Bal – President and Chief Risk Officer  
 
Mr. Prithesh Chaubey – President and Appointed Actuary  
 
Mr. Santosh Chacko – President, Business Strategy  
 
Ms. Smita Verma – Executive Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the SBI Life Insurance 
Company Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Jhingran, Managing Director and 
CEO of SBI Life Insurance Company Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Management: 
Good afternoon, everyone. It is our privilege to welcome you to the SBI Life 
Insurance Results Update Call for the period ended June 30, 2026. We 
sincerely appreciate for your time and efforts in analyzing our performance and 
your participation in today's earnings call. Updates on our financial results are 
available on our website as well as on the websites of both the stock 
exchanges. 
 
Along with me, Mr. Sangramjit Sarangi, President and CFO; Mr. Santosh 
Chacko, President, Business Strategy; Mr. Subhendu Bal, President and Chief 
Risk Officer; Mr. Prithesh Chaubey, President and Appointed Actuary; and Ms. 
Smita Verma, Executive Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations, are 
present. 
 
The long-term outlook for the Indian life insurance industry remains 
encouraging, supported by strong economic fundamentals, a favorable 
regulatory environment and increasing digital adoption. Against this backdrop, 
SBI Life continued its growth trajectory from FY 2026 into the first quarter of 
FY 2027, delivering a 14% increase in Individual Rated Premium, supported 
by a favorable shift in product mix. 
 
All product segments recorded growth on an Individual Rated Premium basis 
and all key distribution channels achieved double-digit expansion. The 
increasing contribution from protection solutions and guaranteed non-par 
saving products reflects evolving customer preferences and our strategic 
focus. 
 
Looking ahead, the company remains confident in the long-term growth 
potential of the life insurance sector in India and its ability to navigate the 
evolving landscape with a continued focus on profitable and sustainable 
growth. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
Now let me give you some key highlights for the period ended 30th June 2026. 
New business premium stands at INR89.1 billion with a growth of 23% and 
private market share of 20.5%. Individual rated new business premium stands 
at INR39.7 billion with a growth of 14% and private market share of 22.2%. 
Gross written premium stands at INR212.9 billion with a growth of 20%. The 
company's profit after tax for the quarter stood at INR7.2 billion, registering a 
strong growth of 22% over the corresponding quarter of previous year. 
 
Value of new business stands at INR14.1 billion with a growth of 29%. VoNB 
margin stands at 26.2% for the period ended June 30, 2026. Indian embedded 
value for the company as on June 30, 2026, stands at INR852.9 billion. Our 
assets under management stands at INR5.2 trillion with a growth of 10% over 
the corresponding quarter last year. Solvency ratio of 1.96 is as against the 
regulatory requirement of 1.5. We will now update you on each of the key 
parameters in detail. 
 
Let me start with the premium. Individual Rated Premium stands at INR39.7 
billion with a year-on-year growth of 14%, while retaining our leadership 
position with a 22.2% private market share and a 15.2% total market share. 
The company's 3-year CAGR of Individual Rated New Business Premium 
stands at 14%, outpacing the industry CAGR of 13%. Individual APE stood at 
INR39.9 billion, growing by 14% Y-o-Y. 
 
Total new business premium is INR89.1 billion with private market share of 
20.5% and total market share of 8.2%. Group new business premium stands 
at INR32.9 billion with a contribution of 37% in new business premium and 
year-on-year growth of 41%. APE stood at INR53.8 billion, registering a growth 
of 36% Y-o-Y. Renewal premium grew by 17% to INR123.8 billion, which 
accounts for 58% of the gross written premium. To sum up, gross written 
premium stands at INR212.9 billion with a growth of 20% over corresponding 
period last year. 
 
During the period, a total of 4.25 lakh new policies were sold covering 8.7 
million lives. The growth in sum assured reflects strong consumer confidence 
and increasing awareness of financial protection. Individual and group new 
business sum assured grew by 46% and 265%, respectively, year-on-year, 
while rider sum assured continued to expand, now accounting for 39% of 
individual sum assured. 
 
The company continues to strengthen its product portfolio through focused and 
customer-centric initiatives. Individual APE for participating products stands at 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
INR2.4 billion with a growth of 35%. The Par segment also witnessed a 
considerable growth of 81% in sum assured during the period. 
 
For the period June 2026, guaranteed non-par savings have garnered 
business of INR9.7 billion with growth of 27%. ULIP stands at INR24.5 billion, 
contributing 61% vis-a-vis 65% in Q1 FY 2026. Individual protection APE is at 
INR1.9 billion with a growth of 18% as compared to the corresponding quarter 
ended June 2025. The pure protection category registered a strong growth of 
41% on Individual APE basis, reflecting rising awareness and demand for 
comprehensive financial protection, while the individual sum assured in the 
Protection segment grew by 40%. 
 
Group protection APE stood at INR12.3 billion, registering a growth of 313% 
over the corresponding period of the previous year. Retirement plans assist 
customers in building a substantial corpus of funds to maintain the desired 
lifestyle and manage expenses in their golden years. Total annuity and pension 
new business underwritten by the company during the quarter is INR18.9 
billion. 
 
Moving to update on our distribution partners. With the strength of more than 
60,000 CIFs, the bancassurance business of SBI and RRBs contributes 47% 
to the total APE basis. On an individual APE basis, it stands at INR24.5 billion, 
reflecting growth of 10%. SBI branch productivity on Individual APE term 
stands at INR4.1 million for the period ended June 2026, registering a growth 
of 7%. Non-ULIP product mix has shown improvement by 200 basis points 
over corresponding period of last year. 
 
In the first quarter, agency individual APE stood at INR13.1 billion, registering 
a growth of 20% Y-o-Y with agent productivity at INR2 lakh. The channel's 
product mix improved with the non-ULIP share increasing from 43% to 46%, 
supported by a robust 63% growth in agency individual sum assured. During 
the quarter, the company added over 34,000 agents on a gross basis and 11 
new branches. 
 
The other channels, the direct channel, corporate agents, other banks, brokers, 
online and web aggregators grew by 160% and contributed 28% of total APE. 
Banks other than SBI Group are also growing at 31% on total APE basis. 
 
Coming to profitability. The profit after tax for the period ended 30th June 2026 
stands at INR7.2 billion with a growth of 22%. The quarter witnessed 
supportive market conditions, which aided investment performance and 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
contributed to the overall financial outcome. The GST impact for the quarter is 
INR2.3 billion. 
 
Our solvency margin remains strong at 1.96 as against regulatory requirement 
of 1.50. Value of new business stood at INR14.1 billion, reflecting 29% growth 
driven by both volume growth and favorable shift in product mix. We have 
sustained a healthy margin of 26.2% for the quarter ended 30th June 2026. 
Excluding GST impact, VoNB would have been INR14.7 billion, representing 
35% growth with a VoNB margin of 27.4%. Embedded value for the company 
as on June 30, 2026, stands at INR852.9 billion with a growth of 15% over 
June 2025. 
 
Coming to operational efficiency, opex ratio stands at 7.7% and total cost ratio 
stands at 12% for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, as compared to 6.3% and 
10.8%, respectively, for the corresponding period ended June 30, 2025. With 
respect to persistency of individual regular premiums, 13th and 49th month 
persistency stands at 87.7% and 69.1%, showing an improvement of 61 and 
68 basis points, respectively. 
 
As mentioned in my opening remarks, assets under management stand at 
INR5.2 trillion as at June 30, 2026, having a growth of 10%. Death claim 
settlement ratio stands at 98.8% for the period ended June 30, 2026. Our 
misselling ratio stands at 0.02%, which is one of the lowest in the private 
industry, and this is achieved through our consistent approach adopted by the 
company to ensure right selling to the customers. 
 
The company continues efficient usage of technology for simplification of 
processes with 99.9% of the individual proposals being submitted digitally. 
67% of the individual proposals are processed through automated 
underwriting. 
 
In conclusion, by embedding resilience and continuous improvement at the 
core of our culture and by strategically strengthening our key channels, we are 
well positioned for sustained growth. Our unwavering commitment to delivering 
exceptional customer service not only deepens client relationships but also 
reinforces our reputation as a trusted and leading force in the market. 
 
Thank you all and now we are happy to take any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
We have the first question from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. 
Avinash Singh: 
Strong set of numbers. The first question here, I mean, I would like to get some 
clarity around the VNB growth at 30% is very, very strong. But around the 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
margins, of course, there's a GST impact. But importantly, also this time, 
typically, your mix, if I were to look at APE in terms of individual and group, 
generally, I mean, somewhere between 10%, 12% contribution has come from 
group typically. 
 
But this quarter, given that, okay, very high GTI proportion, it's close to 25%. 
And by nature, this GTI being in APE terms 100% of premium, the margins will 
certainly be lower than your overall margin. 
 
So, in that respect, I mean, if I do some math, it suggests that despite GST hit, 
your individual margins or ex GTI margins have improved very, very strongly. 
So can you help, I mean, provide some color on, okay, what kind of margins 
the GTI will contribute and where has been the overall direction of margins? 
Because as per my understanding, if I were to do kind of a one-off volume of 
GTI, if I adjust the rest of the margins looks very, very strong. So that's one, if 
you can provide some color around this. 
 
The second, if I see the growth side in channel, I mean, agency seems to be 
finally firing up. Do you expect or like now you have all the ingredients in place 
to kind of for agency to deliver this impressive growth over the rest of the year 
and maybe in coming years? And additionally, will this kind of a shift of 
business mix gradually away from your core SBI to these channels have kind 
of any bearing on costs or margins? 
Management: 
Yes. So thank you, Avinash. See, as a company, we have always 
communicated that our focus is on Individual Rated Premium. And the 
guidance for the year also we had given around IRP growth and the VoNB 
margin. We are happy that on both the fronts, IRP as well as margin, we have 
delivered what we had promised around 14%, 15% growth and our IRP growth 
is in that range. The margin guidance was 26% to 28%, and we are within the 
range, although at the lower end of that. 
 
But coming to your specific question, yes, the overall APE mix during the first 
quarter where we have always said that group business is a lumpy kind of 
business, and we had a higher share of group business in the first quarter. 
That has affected margin overall, and it has brought down as compared to last 
year. 
 
But going forward, we are sure that this lumpy kind of business doesn't happen 
very frequently. And our growth projections for the year on IRP basis remains 
at 14%, 15%. And on the margin front, we have definitely seen the bottom in 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
the first quarter itself. And going forward, with higher focus on individual 
policies, the margin is going to be towards the upper range of our guidance. 
Avinash Singh: 
Yes, sir. And my question on agency... 
Management: 
Yes, your second question was regarding growth in agency. So as you are 
aware that company has been focusing for last 3 years in strengthening our 
agency channel. We have opened more than 100 branches in last 2 years, last 
3 years. And our addition of agents, along with the productivity of agents has 
been going up because of the sustained efforts, what we earlier called Agency 
2.0 and then the agency next program was launched, and this has resulted 
good growth in agency. 
 
If you look at the figures for 2024 & 2025 also, the agency growth was pretty 
strong. And last year also, agency grew despite that very high base of FY25. 
The agency continues to deliver a strong number in the current year also, and 
the current quarter has seen 19% plus kind of growth. We are sure that the 
agency in the remaining 3 quarters will also be contributing even a stronger 
number. 
 
As far as the business mix is concerned, SBI remains our strong point, and we 
are delivering strong growth numbers on the banca side, SBI side also. This 
quarter also, the growth was around 10%. But having said so, we have in the 
past also said that we want to explore the potential that is available on the 
agency side. 
 
And we are happy that our strategies on the agency side are delivering results. 
So going forward, a very healthy mix of contribution from banca as well as 
agency will drive overall company's growth. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Shreya Shivani from Nomura. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Sir, I have 2 questions. First is on the GST drag. So it was about 1.1 percentage 
in third quarter and 1.5 percentage in fourth quarter. Again, it's another 1.1 
percentage, one would have thought that by the time you are in the third quarter 
dealing with GST, a little bit of that impact would have gone away as you would 
have revised many of your expenses, etcetera. But it still seems to be at similar 
trend as of last 2 quarters. And should we expect the next quarter again, there'll 
be a drag of 110 or 120 bps or so? That's my first question. 
 
Sir, my second question is on your other expenses. There has been a pickup 
in your other expenses, even if we adjust for the GST impact. So any color 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
around this? Is this because we are investing in the agency channel, etcetera? 
I'll stop here. 
Management: 
Thanks, Shivani. On GST part, what you're seeing the 1.1% drag in the margin 
is on account of GST only because last quarter, we compare with the last 
quarter. And what we keep mentioning that our expenses and the commission 
ratio are even on lower side. So we not looking to reduce our expenses or 
commissions, as they are already on lower side. What we keep maintaining 
that our product mix will able to mitigate these things. 
 
And that we see in the year in FY26 as well, we almost left with a 20, 30 basis 
points. So even this quarter as well, while the product mix in the individual side, 
is much more than offsetting this GST impact because we have got a good 
profitable group business. As a result, you see the margin coming. But even 
you go to next quarter, you will see some impact on the GST. And thereafter, 
we see GST impact will run away. 
Management: 
On the expense side, as you said, overall, I think -- if you can see that the sum 
assured have been increasing for SBI Life significantly. So the stamp duty is 
corresponding to that. So that is one-off item, which has been the impact in the 
first quarter. 
 
And secondly, also, if you see compare between the June '25 to June '26, the 
labor code impact to a certain extent because of the number of employees, 
and this is the first quarter where we have seen this impact. So overall, I think 
it is in the line what we anticipated and which will continue and the next 3 
quarters, you will see it will streamline as per the plan. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Right, sir. Sorry, just to understand that bit, you are saying that this elevated 
other expenses will continue for this year as well. Did I read that correctly? I 
hear that correctly? 
Management: 
See, the other expenses will continue in tandem with the sum assured. The 
higher the sum assured. So you can assess that the stamp duty is also 
corresponding to that. So we are writing good protection business. So plus, in 
the ULIP in other products also, we are attaching a lot of protection. So that is 
the reason the sum assured has been significantly increasing for us. So that 
gives us some spike in the other expenses. Otherwise, it is in corresponding 
to what we plan. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Supratim Datta from Jefferies. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Supratim Datta: 
My first question is on the sum assured bit. So just wanted to understand what 
proportion of your ULIP policies that you're selling are now having higher sum 
assured attached with that? If you could give us some color on that? What is it 
today and what it was 1 year back? That would be helpful. 
 
Two, on the GTI, the APE share that has gone up. Just wanted to understand 
that is this related to a certain PSU company? Or what is the nature of this 
contract? If you could give us some color on that because it's pretty large. So 
those are my 2 questions. 
Management: 
So we do not have a high sum assured kind of ULIP. We have normal ULIP 
products in our portfolio. But rider attachment, we have increased in the ULIP. 
And now almost 45% to 50% policies are being sold along with the rider 
attachment. So that is helping in higher sum assured at the company level. 
Regarding the deal... 
Supratim Datta: 
Sir, what was this in last year, if you could give us. 
Management: 
So last year, we just started attaching riders in ULIP. 
Supratim Datta: 
Okay. 
Management: 
Right? And as far as the GTI business is concerned, we do not comment on 
individual contracts or individual policies. 
Supratim Datta: 
Understood, sir. And lastly, sir, on the persistency, so the 61st month 
persistency has gone down versus last year. Just wanted to understand what's 
driving that? 
Management: 
So if you are tracking company's persistency, you would have seen in the 
company are calling COVID cohort and that cohort is moving over the years 
from 13 to 25 to 37, 49, and now that cohort has reached 61st month, and that 
has resulted in a dip in 61st month persistency. So this cohort will move away 
from the 61st month by end of third quarter. So by end of the year, the 61st 
month persistency, we are expecting will be back to normal. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Madhukar from JP Morgan. 
Madhukar: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So first, on the VNB margin. And 
so margin has come off despite we see par, non-par, etcetera, those lines of 
business doing well. So I suspect this is because of the GTI business. Can you 
quantify like of this negative 0.6% that is the margin impact, right, on overall 
VNB, how much is it because of GTI? And then what was the positive impact 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
in the individual business? So that will give us some color in terms of how do 
we think about normalized margins? 
 
Second, individual protection growth, that seems a little bit softer. So if I'm right, 
that number on an APE basis is about 16%. That also includes the ROP. So 
why are we like growing a little bit lower than competition? That's the other 
question that I have. 
Management: 
Thank you, Madhukar, for your wishes on that number. So as far as margin is 
concerned, there is nothing to suspect, in response to the first question itself, 
we had said that the contribution of overall group business to the total APE in 
the total APE was higher during this quarter, and that had resulted in a drag on 
the overall margin of the company because the margin on group business is 
lower compared to the individual business. Going forward, as the IRP 
contribution in total business normalizes, the margin is expected to come back 
to our company's normal levels. Second question... 
Madhukar: 
Can we quantify that drag? I mean that was what I would like. 
Management: 
We don't generally discuss product-wise margins. We don't disclose those 
numbers. So I'll refrain from that. Your second question was regarding 
protection growth. So we had a strong protection growth of 22% during the 
quarter and against the IRP growth of 14.5%, 15% only. So the protection 
growth is higher than -- individual protection growth is higher than the IRP 
growth. 
Madhukar: 
Right. And how much is ROP and non-ROP, if that split? 
Management: 
Yes. 
Madhukar: 
And the pure protection, what is the growth of that? I think last quarter, you had 
also given the pure protection growth. 
Management: 
Yes, I'll come back with the number. So the overall, the protection growth, if 
you see individual and group together, it is coming obviously because of this 
GTI business is around 300%. But as far as the individual protection is 
concerned, if you see the ROP to non-ROP, actually, it has improved as 
compared to last. So now it is 68% against 73% of last year. And ROP is 68% 
and non-ROP is 32%. 
Madhukar: 
Okay. Got it. Got it. Great. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Management: 
And the pure protection actually just to add, the pure protection within the 
individual protection has actually significantly improved by 52%, on IRP basis.. 
So non-ROP is improving as compared to the ROP. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Neeraj Toshniwal from UBS. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
How has been the growth in credit protect given carve out GTI, if you can have 
that number. And second question is on -- again on GST impact… 
Management: 
Your voice is not very clear. Can you repeat? 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
How much is the impact -- so first question was on the credit protect growth 
number, if you can have. Am I audible now? 
Management: 
Yes. Yes, you're audible. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Yes. First question is on the credit protect growth. Second is on the GST 
impact. I think we took some impact last year itself in EV. So the impact from 
second quarter should be much lower? Or how should we think about the 
impact from second quarter given some back dated impact we took in EV when 
we reported second quarter results last year. 
Management: 
So the GST was waived from 22nd of September. So there will be some impact 
for 2.5 months in the current quarter also. And then it will be on par-to-par 
basis. 
Management: 
So the credit protect, which you asked, Neeraj, it is flat as compared to the last 
year. And -- but it is going as per the planned number. So we will see some 
good uptick in the coming quarters. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Okay. And if you can highlight in terms of mix, we have seen non-par picking 
up a little. So how should we think about -- given ULIPs have been in markets 
where the markets are currently, how should we think the overall mix 
changing? And what is our goal in terms of mix over the next 1 to 2 years? 
Management: 
So you would have seen and we have communicated during last 2 years that 
we are working on our product mix, while ULIP continues to be a strong point 
for the company. What we are doing is strengthening our product portfolio on 
non-par and par side and also protection side and focusing on improved sales 
of these products also. 
 
So this product strengthening has resulted in higher sales of these products, 
while ULIP continues to sell normally. This has resulted in a higher contribution 
coming from non-par and par products. And as at the end of quarter on IRP 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
basis, ULIP contribution has come down to 62% and non-ULIP are contributing 
38% with majority of increase coming from the non-par segment. For the year 
also, in fact, our target is to have this kind of product mix only. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Got it. And I missed the number on other bank growths -- the growth from other 
banks, how much was that number? 
Management: 
Growth from other banks is at around 31% for the quarter, on APE basis? 
Management: 
Yes, yes. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus 
Spark. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, in the VNB walk, you have a negative 40 bps with respect to assumption 
change. So just wanted to understand what assumption change you have 
done, which impacted the margins by that bps? 
 
And second, given -- I think you already answered that question, but still 
confirming it, that 60 bps negative impact on the product mix change despite 
non-par going up, par going up, ULIP coming down is largely because the 
onetime GTI business, what you have written is invariably lower than the 
company average, and that's the reason why there is a negative 60 bps. That's 
the right conclusion, sir? 
Management: 
You're understanding right on the 60 basis points of product mix is concerned. 
This is only on account of the GTI. As far as assumption change is concerned, 
in this quarter, we have not made any change in assumption. And as part of 
annual review, we made the assumption change in March '26. Since we are 
showing this walk from the June last year to this year, that's why impact is 
coming. Otherwise, there is no change. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, but last year, I was looking at the number FY26, waterfall, if I see, you had 
a 40 bps positive benefit with respect to assumption change. Still I'm not able 
to understand what this 40 bps is related to? 
Management: 
No, no. Just one second. So even if you look into the March, the operating 
assumption change were negative by 20 basis points, if you look into. That has 
come to the 40 basis points because of base effect. The change assumption 
is mainly is a normal refinement we did in terms of the persistency, mortality 
and expenses as well. So this is the same change that we have made. And 
even for the financial, if you look into, it was negative, not a positive, sir. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood, sir. And sir, one small clarification. This GTI business is always 
treated as a regular plan instead of a single premium new plan. That's why 
your APE numbers looks a little inflated than usually normal number. That's a 
fair point, sir? 
Management: 
Yes, sir. There is a 1-year renewable contract. We always consider our new 
premium as APE and renewal premium go to renewable premium. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood, sir. And sir, if you look at the other companies' individual 
protection business, it has been very strong. If I look at only APE data, our 
number is around 15 percentage, still it looks a little weaker compared to the 
other players what are reporting that number. Is it because of the mix change 
because you are focusing more on pure term and the ticket sizes are lower. 
That's the reason why there is a decline. And if that is the case, then if you can 
give me a mix of pure term in the total individual protection today compared to 
last year in the same time? 
Management: 
So you're absolutely right because we are shifting, as I said, from the ROP to 
non-ROP and pure protection. And we have started this journey since last year. 
And it is gradually -- actually our focus and our targets we are achieving. So 
22% growth in Individual protection, with 52% pure protection growth, which  is 
lower ticket size as compared to the ROP. So that is the reason it is showing 
a little subdued as compared to the industry. But as far as our plan of actions 
are concerned, it is going exactly in that direction. And we will continue to focus 
on the -- more on the pure protection rather than the ROP. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, then if you can give a bit of color, pure term growth year-on-year, how 
much it would be because your total APE growth on protection looks 19%. So 
pure term is as strong at 30, 40, 50 kind of a number. Just if you can give a bit 
of color there, it will be useful, sir. 
Management: 
Yes, it is exactly 41% growth in the pure protection. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood. Understood. And lastly, sir, you guys were supposed to launch 
regular pay deferred annuity plan by end of the quarter. Just wanted to 
understand where is it and when you -- when we can see that benefit coming 
in our numbers? 
Management: 
Hopefully within next quarter, you will be able to see that. 
Management: 
We are working on the product, and we'll launch the product at opportune time. 
And just a small clarification regarding earlier question regarding growth in 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
other banks, I quoted 31%. It is actually 19% on Individual NBP & 31% on APE 
basis.  
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay, sir. 
Management: 
And during the quarter, we have entered into a new corporate agency tie-up 
with J&K Bank, and the business will be starting sometime in this quarter. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
So just a few questions from my side. First, on the other banks part, if you can 
break that 19% growth between ULIPs, non-linked savings and especially for 
the other bank segment, that would be useful. And or in case you can give the 
mix for the other bank segment, that would also. 
 
Second, you mentioned that you almost like 45% of your incremental ULIPs 
have some sort of riders being attached to it. Just 2 subparts to this question. 
One is, if you can mention the same number, let's say, 1 year or 2 years back? 
And secondly, a clarification, do you include the rider APE as a part of your 
protection, like individual protection business? Or is it like part of the ULIP or 
APE and then the margins for the ULIP business kind of shape accordingly? 
Yes. So those are my questions. 
Management: 
Yes. So the mix of the other bank partners, it is very strong, tilted towards the 
non-ULIP. So today, in the first quarter, it is almost kind of 20% ULIP and 80% 
non-ULIP. 
 
And coming to your next part, which is riders. So riders, which is the protection 
part is taken as a part of the protection. And as far as the numbers, which you 
say the attachment, I think if I correctly heard, then it is almost kind of 50% 
attachment is our in all products, all ULIP and par and across it is being 
attached as far as the riders are concerned. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sir, just one clarification. I mean this 45%, 50% number, how has that kind of 
moved over the last, let's say, 1 to 2 years? 
Management: 
So this protection we launched 1 year back and 1.5 years back, initially, we 
attached to the traditional product and subsequently moved to the unit-linked 
product. And our attachment rate has been improving from, if I remember 
correctly, 35% to 45% and now 50%. So, we are also offering to the existing 
customer as well. So it's more or less similar range, and we expect it will 
improve from this level or maintain to that level. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
And possible by any chance to quantify the rider APE? 
Management: 
Rider APE, we don't have right now. So we will share with you separately. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Ansuman Deb from ICICI 
Securities. 
Ansuman Deb: 
So my first question is on your margins. We have had continuously very healthy 
kind of a growth. Now with growth, shouldn't we expect some kind of an 
improvement in margin in terms of operating leverage because we have been 
maintaining a very stable, very steady band of 26% to 28% kind of a VNB 
margin guidance. So what are the things which limit kind of an improvement in 
margin because of operating leverage? That is one. 
 
The second question is on the environment around non-par. How do you see 
the environment in non-par, especially because we have some differing views 
on the street? And lastly, on the regulatory side, we have the lowest surrender, 
we have the lowest grievance ratios and also lowest commissions. So overall, 
from a regulatory perspective, we seem to be in a position of advantage. What 
will be your view on the regulatory landscape right now? 
Management: 
See, if I can start from the last one, which is the regulatory part which you have 
asked. So I think, as you rightly said, we are placed as compared to the industry 
in a better position. And we expect that whatever regulations will be from the 
regulator will come, it will be definitely for betterment of the industry. And we 
will definitely wait and see how this whole architecture will shape in the near 
future. 
 
So as you know, the last time also when the regulations were published, and 
it has actually given us the positive towards the growth of the industry, including 
SBI Life. So we will definitely wait and see that how the regulations will come, 
in what shape. 
Management: 
As far as margin is concerned, we continue to be in the range that we guided 
in 26% to 28%, which is a very healthy range of margin. And as far as this 
particular quarter's margin is there, we have already clarified that this was one-
off kind of a thing. And despite that, we remained within our range. Going 
forward, as the product mix normalizes, our margin will be moving towards the 
upper end of our band. 
 
Regulatory landscape, of course, remains very positive. And with the kind of 
focus that we have on customer service as a company and as a group, I am 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
very sure that the regulatory landscape will further turn positive whatever 
regulations come in. 
Ansuman Deb: 
Yes. And on the non-par... 
Management: 
Yes. So on non-par, we keep a very sharp eye on the yield movement. And we 
feel as a company that this is a product line which has a very good demand in 
the country for the assured benefit kind of a return. And our yields, we keep a 
close eye and reprice our products as per the yield movement. If you would 
have noticed that in the month of June also as per the yield curve movement, 
we improved IRR for the customers, and that is also resulting in good traction 
for this kind of product in the market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now 
hand the conference back to Mr. Amit Jhingran for the closing comments. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Amit Jhingran: 
So I thank everyone for their time and the queries. You may get in touch with 
our Investor Relations team in case you have any other follow-up questions. 
Thank you, and good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of SBI Life Insurance 
Company Limited, we conclude this conference. Thank you, everyone, for 
joining with us today, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
 
Safe harbour: Please note that this transcript has been slightly edited for the purpose of clarity. Except 
for the historical information contained herein, statements in this release which contain words or 
phrases such as 'will', 'would', ‘indicating’, ‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of 
such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. These statements by the Company and 
its management are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the 
future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the 
economy and other future conditions and are not guarantees of future performance. Because forward-
looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in 
circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control, and actual results 
could differ materially from those presented in the forward-looking statements. 
