               
 
 
Corporate Office: 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
TICEL Bio Park, 6th Floor,             
Module No. 601, 602, 603, Phase II – CSIR Road,  
Taramani, Chennai, Tamil Nadu – 600113.  
Tel: +91 44 4344 6700 
Fax: +91 44 47406190 
E-mail: investors@solara.co.in 
Website: www.solara.co.in
 
 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited - CIN: L24230MH2017PLC291636 
Registered Office: 9th Floor, ‘Cyber One’, Unit No. 902, Plot No. 4 & 6, Sector 30A, Vashi, Navi Mumbai - 400 703 / Tel: +91-22- 20870033 
 
Date: July 29, 2026 
 
The BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra-Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 541540, 890202 
 
 
         Symbol : SOLARA, SOLARAPP1 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Regulation 46(2) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of earnings conference call for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2026, conducted on Thursday, July 23, 2026, after the meeting of Board of Directors. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of Company at: https://solara.co.in/investor-
relations/investor-update  
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
 
Pooja Jaya Kumar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No.: A57415 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
POOJA 
JAYA 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by 
POOJA JAYA KUMAR 
Date: 2026.07.29 
10:53:21 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
“Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANDEEP RAO – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER– SOLARA ACTIVE 
PHARMA SCIENCES LIMITED 
MR. SARAT KUMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER– 
SOLARA ACTIVE PHARMA SCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MR. ABHISHEK SINGHAL – INVESTOR RELATIONS -                   
SOLARA ACTIVE PHARMA SCIENCES LIMITED 
 

 
 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Thank you, Anushka. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us today for Solara Earnings 
Call for Q1 FY27. Today, we have with us Sandeep, MD and CEO and Sarat, CFO of the 
company to share the highlights of the business and financials for the quarter. I hope you've gone 
through our results release and the quarterly investor presentation that have been uploaded on 
our website as well as the stock exchange website.  
The transcript of this call will be available in a week's time on the company's website. Please 
note that today's discussion will be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in relation to 
risks pertaining to our business. After the end of the call, in case you have any further questions, 
please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. I now hand over the call to Sandeep 
to make his opening comments. 
Sandeep Rao: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Firstly, good evening, and thank you, for all who are joining in the call 
today on our Q1 27 Earnings call. I sincerely appreciate your time and your presence on this 
call. As you must have seen, Q1 FY27 has been another quarter of stellar execution. Our overall 
revenues stand at INR384 crores, up 20% year-on-year.  
EBITDA stands at INR63.5 crores, which is up 10% year-on-year. Our PAT is at INR16.3 
crores, which is up 55% year-on-year. This is the highest EBITDA and PAT that we have 
achieved in the last 18 quarters. These results underscore the strength of our core business. It is 
an outcome of disciplined execution. It also shows that continued focus on profitable growth. 
Now coming to the base business. Our base business continues to exhibit strong momentum, 
supported by consistent operational execution. And I reiterate the focus on profitable growth. 
Our base business revenues stand at INR307 crores, up 24% year-on-year. Gross margins was 
at INR158 crores, up 10% year-on-year and EBITDA at INR72 crores, up 8% year-on-year.  
In spite of all the cost pressures we face, resulting from higher raw material prices, which was 
triggered by the ongoing geopolitical developments in West Asia. The sustained performance of 
the base business reinforces our confidence in our long-term growth potential.  
Now coming to the commodity Ibuprofen business, this business continues to face profitability 
challenges. We reported an EBITDA margin of negative 12% amidst what we think is a difficult 
operating environment. While profitability remains under pressure, we witnessed a marginal 
sequential improvement during the quarter. Now looking forward, looking ahead, we remain 
committed to building on this strong foundation by driving sustainable profitability growth 
enhancing our margins. 

 
 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
And creating long-term value for all our stakeholders through a combination of disciplined 
execution, operational excellence and prudent capital allocation. Despite the significant 
headwinds driven by the West Asia crisis and its impact on all global businesses, the underlying 
fundamentals of our base business continue to remain strong, supported by a sound operating 
model and a healthy product mix across regulated markets. I would like to thank our shareholders 
again for your continued support and your continued faith and trust in Solara. 
With this, I will now hand over to Sarat, our CFO, for his opening remarks. 
Sarat Kumar: 
Thank you, Sandeep. Good morning, good afternoon, and warm good evening, ladies and 
gentlemen, and thank you for joining in today's Q1 FY '27 earnings call for Solara Active Pharma 
Sciences Limited. As shared by Sandeep, despite facing headwinds driven by the ongoing West 
Asia crisis, which led to significant challenges in terms of input cost pressures as well as supply 
chain challenges with respect to raw material availability. 
The overall business has recorded a strong quarterly result in Q1 '27 with the business recording 
its highest EBITDA and PAT in the previous 18 quarters. Although our gross margins were 
marginally lower on a Q-on-Q basis, driven by the raw material pricing and supply challenges, 
which was actually triggered by the West Asia crisis, the business has delivered an EBITDA 
margin of 17% with an absolute EBITDA value of INR635 million, which reflects an 
improvement in EBITDA margin by 80 basis points Q-on-Q in addition to what Sandeep already 
mentioned that we have grown a 10% Y-o-Y basis. As a business, we continue to focus our 
efforts on operating cost leverage and margin expansion in our pursuit of chasing incremental 
business growth at a healthier margin profile.  
Our ongoing efforts on strengthening the balance sheet has led to a reduction of net debt by 
roughly INR135-odd crores during the quarter, which reflects around 22% reduction in the net 
debt, roughly INR100 crores of that coming in from the final call money of the rights issue 
realized in May '26 and the balance INR35 crores were delivered from our operational cash 
flows. 
As we speak, our net debt as on 30th of June stands at roughly INR479 crores, which reflects a 
net debt-to-EBITDA multiple of roughly 1.9x considering the annualized Q1 EBITDA numbers 
what we have reported. Further, we have a line of sight to reduce the debt to sub INR450 crores, 
somewhere around close to INR440-odd crores by end of March '27., considering the scheduled 
repayments what we have for the debt, which will further improve the net debt-to-EBITDA 
multiple to roughly 1.7x considering the Q1 annualized run rate.  
At the end, we actually want to thank you for your support and patience as we work towards 
turning around the company and look forward to engaging with you all in the upcoming quarters. 
Now we'll be happy to take your questions, if any. 
Sandeep Rao: 
Anushka, we are good to open the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We will take the 
first question from the line of Sajal Kapoor from Antifragile Thinking. 

 
 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Yes. Hi, team. Thank you for taking my questions and good evening to everyone on the call. I 
have a few questions followed by a few bookkeeping questions, but for those I'm happy to rejoin 
the queue and let others ask. A few questions for you first, Sandeep. As you look ahead over the 
next 12 to 18 months, what are the two -- what are the kind of top two or three operational 
priorities that will determine the next phase of Solara's turnaround? 
Sandeep Rao: 
So Sajal, firstly, thanks for staying interested and continued interest in Solara. I really appreciate 
that. Answer to your question is looking forward, I have three very important levers, okay? So 
I'll make it three instead of two. First is expanding our existing business and seeding new 
businesses. And why I say that because our new pipeline will take time to bring those revenues.  
So we have to depend on today's products, and we have to be able to expand the business. So 
expanding the existing business and seeking new business is priority number one. Priority 
number two is, of course, as our numbers improve, our revenues improve and we manufacture 
more product to meet the market demand. 
We have to be able to drive operational efficiency in execution. And when I say that, I'm not 
talking of building any green field facilities, I'm only talking about debottlenecking capacities 
and finding ways to maximize the output so we can meet the commercial demand. And the third 
most important type for me is how we use our working capital judiciously. So it's going to be all 
about working capital optimization and generating the free cash that we can use to fund our 
business. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
That's helpful. Sandeep and as a shareholder, I mean none of us are doing any charity. The only 
reason we are staying invested and interested in Solara is because we see the potential, the 
potential may not come in next quarter or even this year, but we nevertheless have our thesis, 
and that's the reason we remain patiently invested. And second, are you still comfortable with 
the Q2 FY '27, the current fiscal September quarter, that is time line for Ibuprofen strategic 
review? And are there any key milestones we as the investors should watch out before then? 
Sandeep Rao: 
So Sajal, as we announced in our earlier quarter as well, I think you should be expecting 
something coming your way in H1. All we can say today is we are working towards what we 
think is a optimum solution to the issue. We feel fairly confident that the solution will come out 
of it. And I would like to address this question in the September time. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
That's helpful. And finally, before I rejoin, as raw material costs and logistics normalize, what 
do you see as the biggest driver of profitability improvement over the next two quarters? Is it 
purely the gross margin mean reverting or going back to where we expect them to be or you 
expect some operating leverage in addition to gross margin? 
Sandeep Rao: 
You want to take this question? 
Sarat Kumar: 
Like once we have this normalized pricing reverting back to the like kind of pre West Asia crisis 
kind of pricing levels, most of our growth should come from our business expansion as well as 
gross margin expansion driven by incremental volumes what we will be selling it. Because 
operating leverage is something that should play out a certain bit, but we will not have too much 

 
 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
of a growth coming just because of operating leverage. From now on, it is more about to do how 
we can sustain that business growth combined with gross margin expansion. 
Sandeep Rao: 
While our opex base remains the same, we have to try and see how we put more on the top of 
the funnel because every -- all of it will flow into EBITDA. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Sure, Sandeep. And thank you for those responses. I will rejoin the queue. I've got some 
bookkeeping questions, but I'm happy to wait. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Akash Jain from Moneycurves Analytics. 
Please go ahead. 
Akash Jain: 
Just a couple of questions. One is, if I look at the gross margin, right, over the last few quarters, 
it has been -- it's quite a big range, right, even if I ignore the cost pressures and the gross margin 
impact for this quarter. In general, gross margins have been quite volatile. So any specific reason 
why our gross margins have been fluctuating over a much larger range? That is first question? 
Second is, I'm assuming this raw material price pressure would have, on one hand, also helped 
us on the revenue growth side, right, because the cost -- the pricing would have also gone up a 
little bit. So how much of it was broadly volume-driven growth for this quarter? And how much 
was value growth?  
And what is our ability to pass on -- because the Middle East crises doesn't seem to be passing 
away anytime soon. So what is our ability to pass on these increased prices to our customers? 
Because a business like us, I would assume that we have the ability to eventually pass on the 
increased prices? 
Sarat Kumar: 
I'll take this question, Akash. See, so you had broadly two questions. One, you wanted to 
understand what of this particular growth has come because of increased pass-through cost in 
price, what we had, correct? So on that particular number on a consol level, roughly INR30-odd 
crores of that particular revenue number is actually driven by because of incremental cost pass-
through what we had, okay? So now if you adjust those numbers, right, then my gross margin 
profile for a consol level is close to like 53% already, which is more or less in the range what 
we had always reported in the past few quarters. 
Sandeep Rao: 
And the last question you had asked, Akash, is about us being able to pass increase to customers. 
I think we have a very good relationship with customers. Most customers have been accepting 
over this price increase because we have been extremely transparent. In many cases, we have 
shared with them our consumption norms and how much the solvent prices have gone up. So a 
lot of customers have been accepting. A few customers, it's always a challenge, but we are 
managing this dynamic situation. It's been challenging, but I think we've done a fairly good job 
at managing this with customers. 
Akash Jain: 
My first question was actually why such a large long range in the sense that we have been -- 
gross margin over the last many quarters have been over a much wider range, which is not typical 
what we see in an API company. So I just want to understand what drives this big difference 
quarter-on-quarter on gross margin, even if I ignore what has happened this quarter? 

 
 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Sarat Kumar: 
So, when you actually talk about gross margin rate, are you talking about only the base business 
or are you talking about overall? 
Akash Jain: 
No, only the base business, right? Even there, 52%, 58%, we have seen that in the last quarter -
- in the last 4 quarters, right? Last year, Q1, 58%, then 52% this year, so this quarter. So I'm just 
trying to understand there seems -- on the base business also, there seems to be a wide range on 
gross margins, right? 
Sarat Kumar: 
See, again, when you talk about base business, right, so we have reported 51.3%, which is at an 
absolute value close to INR158-odd crores of gross margin, okay? Specific to base business, we 
had an increased pass-through of cost to the tune of INR17 crores, INR18-odd crores, okay?  
So if you adjust for that particular number, you will be already talking about a number 54.5% 
kind of a level in terms of gross margin profile as compared to what we have reported in terms 
of 51.3%. So that 54.5% is more or less reflective of whatever we had in the previous quarters 
as well, 55% plus minus. 
Sandeep Rao: 
Q2 '26 was 53%. Q3 '26 was 55% Q4 '26 was 54% and Q1 '27 is 52%. Even the math you said 
it should be 54%. So I think we are almost there. We are comfortable with the 50% to 55% 
range. Of course, the aspiration is to try and get as close to 55% as possible. 
Akash Jain: 
Okay. And you're saying that we should be able to pass on any more increases or the current 
environment, some gross margin will be -- we should be able to claw back going forward? 
Sandeep Rao: 
Yes. All of it, we will not be able to claw back the price impact, but a large amount of it 
customers are accepting because we've been extremely transparent. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Anand Mundra from Soar Wealth. Please proceed. 
Anand Mundra: 
Sir, I wanted to check how much capital we have deployed in the Ibuprofen business?  
Sarat Kumar: 
So currently, our deployed capital will be close to INR700-odd crores. 
Anand Mundra: 
(Lost Voice and hence requested to repeat question which is covered in next question) 
Sarat Kumar: 
Sorry, we lost your voice. 
Anand Mundra: 
Sir, this includes both debt and equity both? 
Sarat Kumar: 
Yes. 
Anand Mundra: 
Okay. And sir, I wanted to check about the profitability of the business. Are these levels likely 
to sustain, which we have reported this quarter or -- and can we expect some more improvement 
going forward? 
Sarat Kumar: 
See, to be honest, right, this particular quarter, what we have witnessed is ibuprofen as a 
commodity business, there was some shortfall of ibuprofen because most of this ibuprofen 
manufacturing is actually driven by solvent availability. So because of shortage in supplies 

 
 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
overall, like some of the pricing increases, customers were more willing to accept those 
particular price increases. 
At the same time, we also had a hit on the volumes on that particular piece. So although we have 
reported almost similar kind of numbers on a top line basis for ibuprofen business, adjusted for 
the price increase, that numbers are slightly down. So if not exactly in the same range, we will 
be comfortable to have a kind of a run rate somewhere between INR10 crores to INR15 crores 
of EBITDA level loss each quarter. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Ayush an Individual Investor. Please proceed. We 
can take the next question from the line of Parth Mehta from Antique Stock Broking. Please 
proceed. 
Parth Mehta: 
Hi, my questions are more from macro perspective. So could you elaborate on the impact that 
fuel cost volatility has had on the business over the past few months? So fuel prices have 
increased again recently. How should we think about the potential impact on profit and 
profitability in coming quarters? And my second question is also with the new tariff schemes 
introduced by the U.S. President, what sort of an impact do you see on the business? 
Sarat Kumar: 
So, with respect to the first question, what you asked in terms of the ongoing crisis, what we are 
seeing in pricing challenges. Yes, this is something which is an ongoing challenge, both in terms 
of input cost pricing as well as raw material availability. Now, you have to appreciate that most 
of this API key starting material or the starting material for raw materials are actually dependent 
on the petroleum products. 
And there's an overall shortage in terms of all the solvents what we use in our manufacturing 
process or what our vendors use in their manufacturing processes. So one is raw material 
availability. Second is in terms of pricing. So pricing challenges, currently, what is our view is 
we have been very transparent with our customers in terms of sharing with them saying that 
what is the incremental cost being incurred by Solara driven by these short-term changes. 
And in those cases, we have been able to just get that particular pass-through. So we are fairly 
confident of maintaining our absolute values of gross margin per se in terms of business value. 
But having said that, in terms of gross margin profile might get impacted because we will not be 
able to have a subsequent gross margin uptake on that particular increased cost price, what I may 
say. 
Sandeep Rao: 
And in terms of your second question part on the new tariffs, this is an announcement that has 
come in very recently. There is no formal policy that has been released. So from my perspective, 
if I look at this announcement, the current status for me is the intent has been announced. There 
is no legal implementing framework, and we are still awaiting clarification on what the product 
scope is. Is it only formulations? Is it APIs? Does it have more to it? So as we get more clarity, 
I would be glad to sort of provide more clarity on this matter. 
Parth Mehta: 
Okay. Thank you. 

 
 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Aman Chakraborty from AK Investment. 
Please proceed. 
Aman Chakraborty: 
I thank you for the good set of numbers, I would say. I have basically a couple of questions. So 
first is, so the management, I would like to ask is the revenue increase that has been stated 
consistently, I think the revenue numbers are moving up. But what it seems is that the revenue 
seems to be essentially flat quarter-on-quarter. 
Even though it should not be placed quarter-on-quarter, but I would just from the management, 
if there are any kind of issues relating to customer scheduling or capacity utilization or any kind 
of demand normalization or any kind of polymer APIs because last time, Mr. Rao had promised 
that they were targeting polymer APIs. So that is my first question. I'll join after this is answered, 
I'll get back to the second question, which I have to ask? 
Sarat Kumar: 
Aman, thank you for this particular question. See we appreciate your insights into looking at 
these numbers slightly differently from what we look at. If I adjust for the numbers of increased 
cost price, my revenue numbers almost look like flat Q-on-Q. But at the same time, API as an 
industry also has a certain cyclical in terms of Q1 offtake is normally slightly lower historically 
and Q4 is normally slightly higher offtake for the formulation customers as well. 
Given these particular facts and given a point of in terms of across quarters because we are 
operating from a product basket of close to 50-odd products, in which roughly 15 to 16 products 
contribute to 75% plus of my overall business. So any change in product mix across this 
particular 15 products as well as some factor of quarterly linearity, which the industry normally 
exhibits.  
So the most ideal way of comparing that particular growth will be on a year-on-year basis. So 
when I look from our Q1 FY '26 to Q1 FY '27, growth in revenue is significantly higher in terms 
of 24%. Even if I adjust the whatever increased pass-through cost, that number will be still more 
than 18%, 19% of a growth, which we believe is a healthier as well as sustainable growth 
parameter. 
Sandeep Rao: 
And Aman, if I look at the numbers for base business revenues, Q1 '26, we were around INR248 
crores. Q2 '26, we were around INR240 crores, right? Q3, we were around INR245 crores. I 
think we've hit a new plateau, right? And that's Q4 '26 and Q1 '27, we've crossed that magical 
INR300 crores numbers. Of course, the aspiration is to do a lot more. 
Aman Chakraborty: 
If not there is any kind of internal, I mean, strategic kind of recalibration or I understand it is 
unfair to be based on a quarter on quarter basis. So just want clarification and second question 
to you sir is regarding the R&D any kind of justification in that if this is possible I know again 
this is the question which ideally should not also be asked on a quarter-on-quarter basis? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Aman. Your voice is breaking. Could you please rejoin the queue for the 
next question. Thank you. We take the next question from Gautami Agarwal, an Individual 
Investor. Please proceed. 

 
 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Gautami Agarwal: 
So the progress of deleveraging has been very impressive with debt reducing further this quarter. 
Do you continue becoming debt free by 2029? Or does this strong cash generation provide us an 
opportunity to achieve this even earlier? 
Sarat Kumar: 
We are sorry Gautami, we are slightly hesitant in giving an outlook per se, but your assumption 
of saying, we have an internal aspiration of becoming debt-free. Like when I say debt free, it has 
to be net debt free by FY '29. Obviously, we will have certain debt on the book. But from a net 
debt standpoint, by FY '29, we should be 0 net debt. 
Gautami Agarwal: 
Okay. Okay, sir. Understood. And in the previous call, you had guided for 25% EBITDA margin 
for the base business and actually exceeded it in the Q4. Can we expect that the similar trajectory 
will sustain in FY '27? 
Sarat Kumar: 
Gautami, again, we will be slightly shying away from giving an outlook, but 25% plus/minus 
1% should be the margin profile what we're looking at in terms of EBITDA profile. 
Gautami Agarwal: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. That was very helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Zakir Naseer, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Zakir Naseer: 
Sandeep, would Solara reconsider the decision for the ibuprofen unit if the product turns bottoms 
up on the price front? 
Sandeep Rao: 
Well, in business, all decisions can be reconsidered as long as something makes money for us 
and the shareholders. So we'll definitely consider, but, look, at the end of the day, ibuprofen is a 
commodity business, right. The margins can never compare to what we have in the base 
business, right. So in that sense, we have an eye out for the ibuprofen business. I don't think the 
dynamics of the ibuprofen business will change. And remember, we are not the only 
manufacturers of product. There are a couple of other big manufacturers of product in India as 
well. 
Zakir Naseer: 
And would we get back the capital invested in it? Or are you expecting a small cut on that front, 
sir? 
Sarat Kumar: 
See, expecting entire capital invested on ibuprofen business will be slightly farfetched. But as 
Sandeep mentioned, we are in the process of finalizing those next steps in Q2, and you will have 
to give us time till we come back with our Q2 results and we'll have more clarity on exactly what 
are the next steps and what is the cutoff or shaving which we are taking off. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Sajal Kapoor from Antifragile Thinking. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Sarat, working capital discipline has been an important part of the turnaround. So as the business 
grows from here, should investors expect the current level of working capital efficiency to be 
broadly sustainable? Or is some normalization kind of inevitable as revenues scale? And if so, I 
mean, which component inventory, receivables or payables is more likely to drive that? 

 
 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Sarat Kumar: 
So Sajal, as you rightly pointed out, working capital efficiency is something which we have 
worked down slight rigorously to like have this so-called turnaround at this point of time. As 
Sandeep always say, until we are back to back 3 to 4 quarters giving consistently growth-oriented 
results, we will not be in that happy space wherein we will claim that particular turnaround to 
be actually taking in place.  
But the so-called turnaround working capital efficiency has been one of that particular piece. 
Having said that, going forward, as a revenue basis grow, to be honest, we don't feel our working 
capital efficiency will take a hit from the levels where we are operating from. In fact, we are 
working on putting in certain measures in terms of our S&OP planning and stuff, which are 
expected to improve our inventory norms towards a more healthier side. So we will be like our 
aspiration and we are looking forward to actually more efficiently manage working capital rather 
than giving in certain part of working capital efficiency for growth. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
No, understood. Understood, sir. And finally, on the operating cash flow that we expect to 
generate over the next 3 years with our aspiration to be no net debt or net debt free, right? So 
whatever debt we'll be having towards the end of FY '29, broadly speaking, will be balanced or 
matched by the cash and other liquid assets?  
Is it fair to say that the majority of the operating cash flow will be utilized towards the 
maintenance capex broadly and some minor upgrades? Or are we looking at some sort of an 
expansion because we are sitting on a big land parcel in Vizag, which is the newer facility. It 
has been twice US FDA approved?  
So I'm just trying to understand what the capital allocation plan would be for the next 3 years in 
terms of both the maintenance, brownfield as well as greenfield kind of. I don't think we need 
greenfield because we already have Vizag. So maybe between the maintenance capex and the 
brownfield? 
Sarat Kumar: 
So Sajal, as you rightly said that as a company, we are also kind of once bitten, and twice shy. 
So greenfield is something which we are currently not actively looking at this point of time. But 
having said that, as a business entity, we can never say no for anything. It is something which 
has to evolve. But at this point of time, greenfield is not part of our plan.  
Now when it comes to whatever capex expansion or say, usage of the operational cash flows, 
what we will be generating, we expect on an average close to INR40 crores to INR50-odd crores 
of capex year-on-year from FY '28 and FY '29 as well. FY '27, we have already committed to 
close to INR55 - INR60-odd crores of capex. 
Part of that is being for maintenance capex. And the balance part is something what we call it as 
kind of an incremental capex, which is towards debottlenecking our capacity. So there is one 
capex which is greenfield, which is entirely new facility. There is one which is brownfield, which 
is expansion of the existing facility. But we are more focused on the third category, which is 
within those lines, wherever we are having some bottleneck, which is actually restricting my 
production capacity for high-margin products, we are investing wisely on those particular lines. 
And we are looking to expand those lines capacity by 20%, 30%. 

 
 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
So that whatever capex we do, we can actually get that particular payback within, say, 2 or 3 
quarters max. So with that particular aim, both in like in FY '27 also whatever capex we have 
committed to close to INR55-odd crores, out of that INR40 crores is towards the kind of 
incremental debottlenecking capex, balance INR10 crores - INR15 crores is towards 
maintenance capex, which requires for the plant upgrade in the utilities or stuff like that. And 
similar trajectory will continue for FY '28 and '29 as well. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
No, that's helpful, sir. So just to double-click on that point of debottlenecking. I think as a 
business, we will get the highest ROCE if we could remove the constraint and debottleneck is 
the fastest and the best strategy for any company. So debottlenecking point, I understand and 
30% if you could get from high-margin products purely by debottlenecking, I think the ROCE 
would be massive on that incremental ROCE that is? 
And on the maintenance capex, usually, what happens is when you remove an old reactor and 
replace it with a new, you also get some efficiency benefits. So the sales that you are getting 
with an old -- or the yield that you are getting with an old reactor should probably improve even 
if you do a like-for-like replacement. Is that a fair understanding? 
Sandeep Rao: 
So when you have old equipment, sometimes the old equipment could have some leaks or things 
like that, just normal wear and tear. So when you replace it with newer reactors, for example, 
then the operational days of the newer reactor is much better than the older reactors. So in that 
sense, forget the yield, just the operational days increase. So in a way, you are right. If you 
replace the old with the new, you will have a higher absolute volume of output. Does that answer 
your question? 
Sajal Kapoor: 
That's helpful. Yes, it helps. Sandeep. Thank you so much both of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Akash Jain from Moneycurves Analytics. 
Please proceed. 
Akash Jain: 
Yes. Just one follow-up question. What is our capacity utilization on the base business? Because 
we have a facility in Vizag, which we, I think, much earlier we mothballed and then we had said 
that we'll repurpose it for the API business. So what is the capital utilization of the base business?  
What -- can we use the whole Vizag facility for the base business because now the CRAMS 
business will -- I'm assuming the CRAMS business is getting consolidated in the base business 
itself. We are not demerging that business anyway. So I just want to understand what is the 
overall situation on the capacity utilization and on the Vizag facility? 
Sarat Kumar: 
Akash, a few hygiene checks. So we have not yet decided what we will do with the CRAMS, 
whether we'll demerge or not. As we shared earlier in the earnings call of Q4, you will have to 
give us time till our Q2 results are out, during which time we will come up with the next steps 
in terms of both ibuprofen Vizag, Pondy and what we do with the CRAMS demerger or say, 
retrofitting Vizag into something, okay. 
Now when it comes to base business, whatever we are reporting base business for the past few 
quarters, base business, we are broadly looking at three sites, which is Cuddalore, Bangalore and 

 
 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Ambernath put together, okay? So these three sites, on an average, our average capacity 
utilization across sites put together is close to 70% at this point of time. I hope I've answered. 
Akash Jain: 
And Vizag we are not using for the base facility at all, it is only for CRAMS? 
Sarat Kumar: 
Vizag, we have not yet used for CRAMS as well. So when we said that we will retrofit Vizag, 
the whole plan was we will remodify Vizag for CRAMS. But as we said in our last earnings call, 
that plan is something which we have kept on hold until we finalize our entire plan, what we 
want to do with both ibuprofen as well as CRAMS. And that is something which we'll come 
back to you when we have our Q2 results. 
Sandeep Rao: 
So Vizag continues to be mothballed. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Prince, an Individual Investor. Please proceed. 
Prince: 
Hello. Am I audible? 
Sandeep Rao: 
Yes, we can hear you. 
Prince: 
Yes. Thank you. So I'll be asking this question on behalf of Prince. Firstly, congratulations on 
the good set of numbers, sir. So our company has appointed Mr. Ajit Manocha as the new CIO, 
who is from Syngene International, a very reputed name with Innovator Pharma. It's a very big 
event for us. So are we transitioning from a commodity product to innovator molecule following 
this onboarding? This could be a huge value creator for us. And I'm confident that we have an 
innovator pipeline here. I'll ask my second question after this? 
Sandeep Rao: 
Yes. I mean we don't want to comment about individuals. So I think we will skip this question 
now. 
Prince: 
Okay, sir. So my second question is that as per July 2025, we had developed ibuprofen via 
enzymatic route. So what is the update on that? 
Sandeep Rao: 
So I will correct you there, Prince. We do not have an ibuprofen that is manufactured from 
enzymatic route. Ibuprofen is not manufactured by an enzymatic route. 
Prince: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shashwat Singh from Bajaj. 
Shashwat Singh: 
So I had two set of questions. First one was that excluding the ibuprofen business, the base 
business delivered a 24% growth on this quarter. Could you highlight the key driver behind this 
performance? And do you believe this growth trajectory will be sustainable going ahead? 
Sarat Kumar: 
If you adjust that particular price increase what we had passed through in terms of revenue 
growth number, so that growth should be coming around to close to 18%, 19% of year-on-year 
growth as compared to Q1 of '26. Now when it comes to, say, growth drivers, if you recall a few 
of the quarters, whenever we spoke about our business, we said that order book visibility is 

 
 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
something we are working on, and we are working on a geographic expansion as well as new 
business wins. 
So some of this particular growth has come because of incremental business what we could 
secure at different geographies where we were not earlier present. Second growth factor is right 
from FY '26, we have started investing in certain incremental capex, which will debottleneck 
our capacity and lead to higher business volumes for my high-margin products. So part of that 
has played out for certain products.  
Since we don't give you individual product information, I'll actually refrain from that. But so if 
I have to put those into broad growth drivers, one is debottlenecking capacity, which led to 
increased volumes in high-margin products as well as certain geographic expansion, which we 
did over the last 1 year.  
And when it comes to sustainability in the future, we are fairly confident that we should be able 
to sustain these levels, we are fairly confident of growing this business by at least 10% year-on-
year kind of number. So we are currently running at a slightly higher than that. So we're 
comfortable with that. 
Shashwat Singh: 
Okay. My next question would be looking solely at the base business. What would we consider 
to be a sustainable revenue growth, like you said, was 10%. So will that be for next 5 years 
easily? And what would be the range for EBITDA margins going ahead? 
Sandeep Rao: 
So we will refrain from giving a 5-year outlook because the external environment, as you have 
noted, is so dynamic. The world has changed in the last 12 months. So we'll refrain from doing 
that. And in terms of revenue, all I can say is you've probably seen in our last 5 quarters. We are 
now operating at a very different level in the last 2 quarters than we've been in the 3 quarters 
prior to that. So we are hoping that we can, in the least sustain or grow on that new level that we 
have reached, new revenue levels. 
Shashwat Singh: 
And sir, what about the margin front? 
Sandeep Rao: 
Margin front, I think Sarat answered some time before. 
Sarat Kumar: 
So we are actually comfortable of maintaining close to 52% to 55% kind of a margin range 
depending on the product profile what we'll have for that particular quarter. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Shekhar, an Individual Investor. I would request Mr. 
Shekhar to unmute and then speak. 
Sandeep Rao: 
Take your next question please. 
Moderator: 
All right sir. We take the next question from the line of Neeraj Shah, an Individual Investor. 
Please proceed. 
Neeraj Shah: 
My question is on ibuprofen business. So in the previous call, you have indicated that the 
strategic review of the ibuprofen business would be concluded by the first half of '27. Are you 
on the track to meet that time line? And could you share any progress made so far? 

 
 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Sandeep Rao: 
As of now, Neeraj, we believe we are -- I think we can say that we are on track to be resolving 
this matter by H1. We had given a guideline of H1. We are hopeful we can find a solution to it 
in that time. You'll have to please bear with us on that. 
Neeraj Shah: 
Okay. And my other question is on profitability outlook. So the ibuprofen business witnessed an 
improvement in both gross margins while the EBITDA loss has also tapered this quarter 
compared to previous quarter. Are this level likely to sustain or can we also expect some 
improvement going ahead? 
Sarat Kumar: 
So, as we commented earlier, so ibuprofen business has seen certain kind of a tactical play during 
Q1 because of reduced supply and relatively higher demand in the market, which led to slightly 
higher pricing levels. This is something which, we don't have a like long-term strategic view 
about how this will play out because this is something which is very dynamic depending on the 
solvent availability and stuff like that. So, but on an average, we expect that number to be slightly 
range somewhere between INR10-odd close to INR15 crores of negative EBITDA loss each 
quarter. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from line of Japreet Singh, an Individual Investor. 
Japreet Singh: 
So sir, I wanted to understand what is the difference between our base business and ibuprofen 
business? Why base business have that type of pricing power? What is the difference between 
customer relationships in these two businesses? Is there any? 
Sandeep Rao: 
Want to know what is the difference between base and ibuprofen? 
Sarat Kumar: 
So see, when it comes to difference between the base and ibu business -- ibuprofen business 
from a customer relationship standpoint, that is something which is almost equivalent to each 
other because we normally work with customers who have good standing in the business. And 
based on our historically strong quality record as well as compliance record. 
We also enjoy very good customer relationships. So when it comes to customer relationship, 
that is not something which can be differentiated on that particular front. Having said that, why 
we look into both the business separately is ibuprofen is purely commodity-driven business, 
which is slightly at the lower end of the value chain in terms of the API industry. 
Whereas there are -- the other base business consists of molecules which are not high volume, 
but which are significant volume, but with a better pricing and a better margin profile because 
the entire manufacturing process of that molecules, what we sell in as part of base businesses 
are slightly complex as compared to ibuprofen. 
Japreet Singh: 
Yes, yes. So my second question is, In this 2026 year 6, 7 months, what progress we have made? 
Sarat Kumar: 
So we actually have -- we actively have a basket of 50 to 60 products. And every quarter on an 
average, we normally manufacture at least 40 of those particular products manufactured and we 
sell close to 50-odd products. 

 
 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Japreet Singh: 
No, no. Sorry, you don't understand. I said in the 6, 7 months of this 2026, what progress we 
have made? 
Sarat Kumar: 
What progress? Okay. Again, if I have to put the company's progress on three pillars. One is in 
terms of revenue growth. So if you see over the last 2, 3 quarters, we have grown our revenue 
base from a level of close to like INR250 crores, INR245-odd crores to INR300-plus crores level 
for the base business. 
Now when it comes to gross margin profile, we have sustained that entire gross margin profile 
at a healthier margin rate of 52% plus. Now the second pillar is in terms of profitability, driven 
by this gross margin profile of 52% plus as well as an operating cost leverage. We have increased 
an absolute EBITDA margins from a range of close to INR55-odd crores for the base business 
to currently, we are operating at INR70-plus crores of absolute value for each quarter. Now the 
third pillar can be in terms of healthier balance sheet. So we have reduced our net debt by close 
to INR135-odd crores, which is 22% reduction in net debt in the last 6,7 months. 
Japreet Singh: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you We take the next question from the line of Achuth from Rockstar Equity Research. 
Achuth: 
Sir, my first question is on ibuprofen. Like how much amount we can get from ibuprofen 
business? And what do you want to do with that money sir? Going ahead. 
Sandeep Rao: 
We haven't made any strategic decision on ibuprofen as yet. All we said is we are looking at 
options, Achuth. So I think in the end of H1, as we had promised last quarter, we should be 
having further clarity, and we'll come back to you. 
Achuth: 
And can you provide any guidance for FY26? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Achuth. Could you please rejoin the queue as there are several participants 
waiting for their turn. We take the next question from the line of Abhay Amrutiya from Credence 
Wealth. Please proceed. 
Abhay Amrutiya: 
So I just wanted to understand what are the potential risks that can -- that could derail the 
turnaround over the next 12 to 24 months? 
Sandeep Rao: 
Well, the first and foremost risk is what will happen in the West Asia crisis. I think, honestly, I 
think we managed it. It's been very challenging because, as you know, we have limited working 
capital. So every rupee has to be used judiciously. So far, I think we've got a workable solution 
given the crisis, but we never know what the macroeconomic environment can look like.  
What this crisis has done for us is raw material availability has become a challenge. So 
sometimes our lines are shut intermittently until we can get hold of the raw materials. Second is 
the raw material prices have gone up. Some customers have been kind enough to accept these 
price rises. Some customers have not been so willing. So that risk always exists, but that is a risk 
that is not in our control. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Hiten from Sequent Investments. 

 
 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Hiten: 
Yes. Sir, I have a clarification question. So you mentioned 10% growth for the base business or 
for the ibuprofen business? 
Sarat Kumar: 
So again, we have not given an outlook per se, but when we had our last Q4 call also wherein 
most of the questions were towards what is our outlook for FY '27, we said we are looking 
forward to a 10% growth in our business numbers. So that is mostly towards the base business 
what we're talking about. 
Hiten: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question for the day. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Sandeep Rao: 
Thank you, everybody. A very interesting set of questions. As you know, we are working very 
hard to try and make these numbers possible. And hopefully, we'll continue on this trajectory as 
we meet again next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
