 
 
 
 
 
Date: July 27, 2026  
 
 
   
  Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on July 21, 2026.  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the Earnings Call held on July 21, 
2026, to discuss the Company's financial performance for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
The transcript is also available on the Company's website at https://www.aurumproptech.in/.  
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
  
Thanking you. 
 
For Aurum PropTech Limited                                    
 
 
 
Pranali Desale 
  Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
To, 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai-400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 539289 
 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
 
Bandra East 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
NSE Symbol: AURUM 
Pranali 
Pratap 
Desale
Digitally signed 
by Pranali Pratap 
Desale 
Date: 2026.07.27 
18:51:36 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 23 
 
AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
Q1 FY2027 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
July 21, 2026 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
 
MR. ASHISH DEORA            :  FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES & 
NON-EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN, 
AURUM 
PROPTECH LIMITED 
 
MR. ONKAR SHETYE 
: EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR, 
AURUM 
PROPTECH LIMITED 
 
MR. KUNAL KARAN 
: CFO, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
 
MR. RIHEN SHAH 
: LEAD 
INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 
AND 
STRATEGY, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
 
MR. SHRIKANT JAGTAP      :  
 
Ms. PRANALI DESALE 
:  
DEPUTY 
CFO, 
AURUM 
PROPTECH 
LIMITED 
 
INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, 
AURUM 
PROPTECH LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
 
MR. SHIVANG BAGLA 
: EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL SERVICES 
LIMITED 
DURATION: 01:03:39 
PRESENTATION LINK: Q1 FY2027 INVESTOR PRESENTATION  
MEETING AUDIO: Q1 FY2027 EARNINGS CALL 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
 
TRANSCRIPT 
YASHASHRI DHURI (LEAD MODERATOR) 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference 
Call of Aurum PropTech Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Shivang Bagla from Emkay Global. Thank you and 
over to you. 
SHIVANG BAGLA (HOST- EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL SERVICES) 
Thank you, Yashashree. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to the Q1 FY27 
earnings conference call of Aurum PropTech Limited, hosted by Emkay Global 
Financial Services. We are joined today by Mr. Ashish Deora, Non-Executive 
Chairman of Aurum PropTech; Mr. Onkar Shetye, Executive Director; Mr. Kunal 
Karan, CFO; Mr. Shrikant Jagtap, Deputy CFO; and Mr. Rihen Shah, Lead Strategy 
and Investor Relations. 
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that certain statements made during this 
call may be forward-looking in nature and are subject to risks and uncertainties as 
detailed in the annual report and other investor disclosures available on the website. 
With that, I would now like to hand this call over to Mr. Ashish for opening remarks. 
ASHISH DEORA (FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES & NON-EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Good afternoon, everyone. It is my privilege to welcome you to the 21st earnings call 
of Aurum PropTech. I am pleased to share with you our performance for the first 
quarter of financial year 26-27. As a context, since 2021, we have been building 
towards a simple but ambitious idea: that every stage of a property's life, from the 
moment someone starts searching for a home to the moment they become a buyer 
again, should run on one connected, intelligent operating system. Q1 of FY27 is the 
quarter that has made this possible.  
I would like to walk you through three defining developments in this quarter. 
First, our unit economics continue to improve and profitability is structural.  
Q1 of FY27 is our third consecutive profitable quarter. This is a very important 
milestone for us because it reaffirms our shift to profitability and makes it structural 
and enduring. Despite Q1 being the industry's softest quarter, our margins improved 
by 1,000+ basis points. It gives us strong confidence that over the coming years, our 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
unit economics will continue to strengthen, and the company will keep improving 
profitability. 
Second, we are going deeper on AI. Our AI stack is now deployed across the value 
chain, from lead qualification and sales conversion to customer obsession. AI is now 
spreading across all five layers of our business: Discovery, Intelligence, 
Transaction, Financing, and Living.  
The immediate outcome of AI deployment is to optimize business value and constantly 
improve efficiency. Early gains are already visible in this quarter in productivity, with 
revenue per team member emerging as a key success metric across all our functions. 
We expect that this metric to improve further as AI adoption expands across every role 
in the organization.  
For the medium term, we are continuing to develop what we call Aurum's Unified Brain, 
a single intelligence layer that activates monetization opportunities across the 
ecosystem. 
Third, and a very special one, is Housing.com joins Aurum.  
Housing.com is one of India's most recognized digital real estate platforms and the 
starting point of the property journey for millions of consumers every month. We see 
the integration of Housing with Aurum's ecosystem as value accretive across all our 
products and services. As the industry leader, we are cognizant that listing platforms 
in Indian real estate have historically not been profitable. However, Aurum and 
Housing teams have developed an integration plan to make Housing LOOKUP in 
becoming profitable within four to six quarters.  
Driving profitability in Housing.com in a time-bound manner will require product 
innovation, business synergies, AI-led efficiencies across functions, and relentless 
execution. We at Aurum have turned around and demonstrated profitable unit 
economics in difficult scenarios in the past. Learning from NestAway, PropTiger, and 
other similar case studies, we believe we will reach our goal to make Housing 
profitable before the stipulated timeframe.  
Further, we believe that Aurum's acquisition of Housing.com marks the start of 
industry-wide consolidation in Indian PropTech, and at Aurum, we intend to lead it. 
I would also like to use this opportunity to thank REA's management for taking a 
strategic long-term view on the Indian PropTech sector by becoming a significant 
shareholder in our company.  
I also want to thank REA Group's leadership as we continue to learn and LOOKUP to 
them. Furthermore, I would like to acknowledge and thank the lawyers and advisors 
on both sides who made this possible.  

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
Five years ago, we were the first company in India to build PropTech in public domain. 
In the years since, we built the first integrated PropTech ecosystem in the country. 
Last year, we became a profitable company. This year, we are becoming an AI-first 
company, and we believe this positions us to become India's leading AI-native real 
estate operating system in the near future. 
To conclude, our priorities for the rest of FY27 are clear: consistent improvement 
in financial metrics every quarter, continued progress on AI every week, and full 
integration of Housing.com synergies across the group as soon as possible. With that, 
I now hand over the call to Onkar. Thank you very much. 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Thank you, Mr. Deora. Q1 FY27 marks an important inflection point in Aurum 
PropTech's journey. This quarter demonstrates that disciplined execution, strategic 
transformation, and technology innovation can coexist. We delivered a total income of 
INR 121 crores, up 57% year-on-year, alongside our third consecutive quarter of 
positive adjusted EBITDA. Three themes define our quarter: first, execution; second, 
platform expansion; and third, AI-native transformation. 
Execution has been our defining priority since inception. Our objective has been 
simple: to improve unit economics quarter-on-quarter, strengthen operating discipline, 
and build scalable technology platforms capable of delivering sustainable profitability. 
PBT margins expanded by 1,590 basis points, while adjusted EBITDA margins 
improved by 1,320 basis points, reflecting the operating leverage beginning to emerge 
across the platform. 
Importantly, these improvements are not the result of one-off cost actions; they are 
being driven by stronger business fundamentals, improved productivity, and 
disciplined capital allocation. Our rental business delivered INR 56 crores of revenue, 
maintaining 81% occupancy while operating across a scale of 21 cities spanning 
across student housing, co-living, and family rentals. 
Customer satisfaction remained strong with an average rating of 4.3, while our focus 
continued to be on occupancy, tenant experience, and operational efficiency rather 
than simply expanding inventory. Most importantly, both our rental businesses 
achieved EBITDA profitability, validating the operating discipline and scale we have 
built over the last several quarters. Our developer and distribution business also 
delivered INR56 crores of revenue, continuing to strengthen its leadership across 
analytics, developer technology, and transaction services. 
Today, we enable over 1,200 developers across 1,50,000 projects in 40+ cities, 
creating one of the country's largest integrated technology platforms serving 
developers. Rather than relying on one or two businesses to drive profitability, we are 
increasingly benefiting from multiple operating platforms working together. Every 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
major business across the group has now either achieved profitability or crossed 
important profitability milestones, creating a strong and more resilient earnings profile. 
Our second theme has been platform expansion. The announced acquisition of 
Housing.com is not simply the addition of another business. It fundamentally expands 
Aurum PropTech's addressable market, strengthens our competitive position, and 
significantly increases our long-term monetization opportunity. 
India witnesses approximately 2.5 crores property transactions every year, of which 
nearly 1.2 crores transactions are expected to become digitally addressable. Today, 
however, only 7 to 10 lakh residential transactions are actively intermediated through 
online portals, highlighting how early digital penetration remains. Across the markets, 
India's annual residential transaction value exceeds INR 15,00,000 crores, amongst 
developers, brokers, banks, and homeowners collectively spending approximately 
INR 38,000 crores every year on property marketing and mortgage. 
Yet, online portals currently capture only about INR 1,200 crores market, representing 
less than 5% of the total penetration. Housing.com already commands approximately 
24% of India's online portal market, supported by one of the country's strongest 
consumer brands, attracting over 58 million average monthly visits and 12 million 
monthly active users on its app. 
However, for Aurum, the opportunity extends well beyond portal monetization. 
Traditionally, property portals monetize listings and advertisements, our monetization 
begins when the portals end. Housing.com captures consumer intent, Aurum 
monetizes that intent through developer technology, transaction fulfillment, rentals, 
financing opportunities, and AI-enabled services across the entire consumer journey. 
This significantly expands our consumer lifetime value while allowing us to participate 
in a much larger share of economics generated by every real estate transaction across 
the country. The third theme has been AI-native transformation. The opportunity to 
build India's largest property portal with Housing.com and Aurum's fulfillment and 
transaction management capabilities is viewed with our AI-native transformation 
initiatives. 
Across the industry, AI is often deployed as a productivity layer sitting on top of existing 
software. Our approach is fundamentally different. We are embedding AI into the core 
operating fabric of every business across Aurum's ecosystem. Today, AI supports lead 
generation, customer engagement, sales conversion, transaction workflows, customer 
service, and developer operations. 
We are building India's AI-native operating system for real estate, one intelligent 
platform connecting consumers, developers, brokers, lenders, landlords, property 
managers, and bankers across the entire real estate lifecycle. Looking ahead, our 
priorities are clear. First, execute a disciplined integration of Housing.com, second, 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
continue embedding AI across every operating platform, third, maintain our focus on 
profitable capital-efficient growth. 
I will now hand over to Shrikant Jagtap to take you through financial performance in 
greater detail. 
SHRIKANT JAGTAP (DEPUTY CFO, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Thank you, Onkar. Thank you everyone for joining today's call. The results for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2026 are as follows: First, the results for the quarter as 
compared to previous quarter. The revenue from operations INR 111.84 crores 
compared to INR 123.85 crores the previous quarter. The total income INR 119.01 
crores compared to INR 132.03 crores in the previous quarter. 
The profit before tax INR 2.31 crores compared to INR 3.69 crores in the previous 
quarter. PBT is at 2.1% compared to 2.9% in the previous quarter. With this, the 
company has reported profit for three consecutive quarters.  
The result for the quarter as compared to the corresponding quarter previous year: 
The revenue from operations INR 111.84 crores compared to INR 65.44 crores in the 
quarter ended June 2025, an increase of 70.9%. 
Total income INR 119.01 crores compared to INR 73.88 crores in the quarter ended 
June 2025, an increase of 61.09%.  
The profit before tax INR 2.31 crores compared to loss before tax of INR 10.81 crores 
in the quarter ended June 2025, an increase of 121.37%. Profit before tax 2.1% 
compared to loss before tax of 16.52% in the quarter ended June 2025. 
Now the segment results for the quarter. The results for the quarter as compared to 
the previous quarter. The revenue from rental segment INR 54.35 crores compared to 
INR 52.70 crores in the previous quarter. Distribution segment INR 55.94 crores 
compared to INR 66.87 crores in the previous quarter. Capital segment revenue INR 
1.55 crores compared to INR 4.28 crores in previous quarter. 
The rental and distribution segment reported profits of INR 0.63 crores and INR 7.97 
crores respectively, while the capital segment made a loss of INR0.05 crores during 
the quarter.  
During the quarter, the company closed the transaction related to sale of building 
owned by the company at INR 112 crores and recognized other income from 
discontinued operations of INR 52.38 crores during the quarter, in addition to INR 
17.78 crores in the previous quarter. 
The total revenue from discontinued operations is at INR 54.14 crores during the 
current quarter and INR 20.28 crores from the previous quarter. The profit before tax 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
from the discontinued operations is INR 52.40 crores and INR 17.44 crores in the 
previous quarter. 
I will now hand over the call to Yashashri to take it forward. Thank you. 
YASHASHRI DHURI (LEAD MODERATOR) 
Thank you very much. We'll take our first question from Ajit Sethi from Eiko Quantum 
Solutions. Please go ahead. 
AJIT SETHI (EIKO QUANTUM SOLUTIONS) 
Thank you for the opportunity. My question is on Housing.com. So, with Housing.com 
now inside Aurum alongside NestAway, HelloWorld, Sell.do, so what specific gap in 
the existing ecosystem does Housing.com fill? And is there a risk of internal 
cannibalization between Housing.com organic listing traffic and Aurum Analytica paid 
lead generation model for the same developer client? 
RIHEN SHAH (LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS AND STRATEGY, AURUM 
PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Sure. Thank you so much, Ajit ji, and thank you for your question. So, what Aurum, as 
a platform was India's largest tech-enabled transaction platform where we were 
covering lead generation, lead management, transactions, and managed living, which 
was through our rental portfolio. 
Housing.com just adds into a vertical integration strategy where the entire audience 
demand and intent flows into this entire transaction platform and becomes one end-
to-end solution for any of our customers. By customers, I mean developers, partners, 
and consumers as a whole. So, for their end-to-end lifecycle from discovery to 
transactions, to living and the management of this entire cycle can be done at one 
channel itself. 
We don't see cannibalization. As a matter of fact, what we see is there is a strong 
synergy to have end-to-end solutions from listings to advertising to lead generation to 
transaction as a platform to be provided to all our partners and customers. 
AJIT SETHI (EIKO QUANTUM SOLUTIONS) 
And sir, as you mentioned in your opening remarks that Housing.com had around 24% 
market share. So, with the integration of other products, so where do you see that 
market share moving over the next two to three years? 
 
 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
So, there are two parts to this. One is that we don't see Housing as a standalone intent 
monetization platform. We do see opportunities to expand its horizon beyond intent to 
taking it into transactions and capturing the larger TAM that the transaction pool 
provides to us. 
Having said that, our goal and objective is to make sure that we are able to upsell 
within the Housing cohort of consumers more products, more SKUs, and keep on 
increasing that market share. We firmly believe that the app leadership position that 
Housing has taken over the other property portals is something that has to be 
capitalized on, where we already have the pole position in that space and increase 
our, increase our not just revenue but also position out of it. 
AJIT SETHI (EIKO QUANTUM SOLUTIONS) 
And sir, given the company's carry forward tax losses, so what effective tax rate should 
be modelled over the next two to three years, and how much runway of tax loss carry 
forward remains before Aurum starts paying tax at the full statutory rate? 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
So presently the team is evaluating and understanding the financial and tax structures 
of the business together with Housing's existing finance and operations team. We will 
be able to articulate our clear positions in Q3, starting H2, when we are able to look at 
our long-term goals on the financial metrics of this business. 
AJIT SETHI (EIKO QUANTUM SOLUTIONS) 
And sir, if possible, can you share revenue and EBITDA margin guidance for next two 
to three years for company? 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
So, one, we'd like to reiterate that this is the third consecutive quarter that we have hit 
profitability metrics at Aurum PropTech, and that has come after a lot of disciplined 
execution. We would also like to reiterate that we recently acquired PropTiger from the 
same group, REA, which was loss-making, which we were able to quickly turn around 
and deliver the first quarter of, first two quarters of profitability at PropTiger. 
We have, we have used a similar playbook for all our other businesses including Hello 
World, including NestAway, where we've been able to quickly restructure the 
businesses and not just increase the revenue pool but also bring operational 
efficiencies to reduce the cost and get them profitable. We will apply the similar 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
playbook at Housing.com and within three to four quarters we are looking to 
restructure the business and again hit levers of profitability. 
But again, it's early days; we see a lot of ancillary revenue that is coming from Aurum 
PropTech into Housing and also Housing benefiting us at various subsidiary 
businesses, and as the flywheel keeps on getting us more consumers on the platform, 
we do, we do anticipate that our revenue projections will be surpassed. 
YASHASHRI DHURI (LEAD MODERATOR) 
Thank you. Next question is from Ishan Kushwaha from Mr. Ajay Aggarwal Family 
Office. Please go ahead. 
ISHAN KUSHWAHA (MR AJAY AGGARWAL FAMILY OFFICE) 
 
Yes, hi team, congratulations on a great set of results as well as for the Housing deal. 
So could you please help us understand the unit economics of the Housing.com 
business model and, you know, what are the key factors behind the current losses 
and, you know, what are the main steps we will be taking to, you know, improve the 
overall profitability? 
RIHEN SHAH (LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS AND STRATEGY, AURUM 
PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Hi Ishan and thank you so much. This is Rihen here. For Housing.com, effectively their 
business model is around three types of consumers: one, developers; second, channel 
partners; and third is DIY consumers. From a unit economics point of view, it operates 
on a marketplace model where you have demand and supply being matched. 
Currently, the structure of Housing.com is based on that marketplace model. 
Once we approach more towards the closing, we'll refine our thought process and also 
be able to give better numbers in terms of unit economics to hash out in each segment 
how do we see the unit economics flowing up and how our roadmap towards that 
profitability is building in the next three or four quarters. 
ISHAN KUSHWAHA (MR AJAY AGGARWAL FAMILY OFFICE) 
 
So, like earlier the focus was on to, like, you know, achieving INR 1,000 crores of ARR 
target. So, after the Housing acquisition, how should we, you know, think about the 
target now? 
RIHEN SHAH (LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS AND STRATEGY, AURUM 
PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Ishan, the INR 1,000 crores ARR target, you know, we feel that we're going to achieve 
that a lot faster with Housing.com transaction and surpass it a lot more. I think over 
the next years we'll see great number of synergies coming from existing business plus 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
Housing.com as an entire platform. I think it's going to be the most unique blend in 
Indian PropTech space where you have listing and marketplace as one segment and 
transaction enablement as second segment coming together in terms of entire end-to-
end platform. 
While I'll not be able to give you an exact guidance in terms of what do we see in 
numbers, but I think the growth is what we have showcased over the last five years, 
we're going to go beyond that growth trajectory as well. 
ISHAN KUSHWAHA (MR AJAY AGGARWAL FAMILY OFFICE) 
 
Okay, great, great. And for Sell.do business, for FY26, what was the gross churn? 
RIHEN SHAH (LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS AND STRATEGY, AURUM 
PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Sorry, by gross churn, what do you mean exactly? 
ISHAN KUSHWAHA (MR AJAY AGGARWAL FAMILY OFFICE) 
 
Like when we are saying that client retention rate, something like that, the gross churn 
when we are saying that client is, you know, leaving that software or license, leaving. 
RIHEN SHAH (LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS AND STRATEGY, AURUM 
PROPTECH LIMITED) 
So overall, Sell.do has an extremely high customer retention ratio. The churn at agross 
level was 7%, but Sell.do has been growing in terms of licenses as well as number of 
developers that are onboarded onto the platform. Sell.do has now crossed 1,000 
developers onboarded onto the platform with 11,800+ active licenses that are there 
currently. 
ISHAN KUSHWAHA (MR AJAY AGGARWAL FAMILY OFFICE) 
 
Great, great. Okay, thanks a lot. 
RIHEN SHAH (LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS AND STRATEGY, AURUM 
PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Thank you. 
YASHASHRI DHURI (LEAD MODERATOR) 
Thank you. Give me a moment, please. Next question is from the line of Rahul Jain 
from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
 
RAHUL JAIN (DOLAT CAPITAL)  
Yes, thank you. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a large transaction. 
So, I have just two parts question: one thing on the Housing side of it, of course, you 
have said few things in terms of you would like to see how it plays out and then you 
would be in better situation to talk about, but as of now the number that we could see, 
it clearly tells you that the current operation needs a significant amount of optimization 
before it could get streamlined into a more profitable thought process. 
So, if you could highlight the first top three priority that you have set up in this 
integration that you could solve for to ensure that once it gets consolidated on an 
annual basis, we are not going to take a hit from the current operational costs which 
are significantly higher than the revenues out there. 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
So, Rahul, thanks for your question. You're right, we do also see this from an 
opportunity standpoint. Our first goal is to make sure that we increase the revenue 
pool and address a larger TAM where this stop of monetization at intent at Housing is 
converted into addressing a larger revenue pool available with the transaction model 
across all three: developers, brokers, and DIY. So that's one. 
On the revenue side, the second lever for us is to ensure that how do we increase the 
existing product build and upsell within the Housing SKUs. We do see that there's 
good tech enablement in terms of the product SKUs that Housing has built, but in 
terms of utilization, there's been minimal utilization of those product SKUs. The idea 
is to increase that revenue pool as a second instance. 
The third is that we see opportunities between ancillary businesses, which is, you 
know, combination of Housing and PropTiger, a combination of Housing and Sell.do, 
a combination of Housing and NestAway slash Hello World, where we are able to do 
consumer cohorts and again increase the revenue pool. 
The second part is on the cost side, where we have a classic playbook of 
understanding internationally invested and corporately managed businesses do 
provide for efficiencies. Typically, these become management-heavy, top-heavy. We 
have some case studies on this from our existing execution playbooks. 
Second is we do realize that at times businesses that are built by tech teams, by tech 
companies, do lack that understanding on the real estate practice side, which our team 
comes in very handy and because we understand the real estate side of this business 
also, we are able to plug in the gaps of what exactly the consumer needs and are we 
over-providing there in terms of costs. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
 
For example, one piece that looks, that we're looking at is, are the sales team heavy 
in terms of their build on the broker side and on the developer side, and are there 
opportunities to streamline that? We also find, we are also looking at opportunities in 
our distribution business where between Analytica and Sell.do, which has got access 
to 1,000 developers and has a very solid enterprise team, is able to extend their 
learnings and build some efficiency in the Housing business. 
So that's on the cost side. One key thing that we have probably identified as an industry 
is that there seems to be some, there seems to be a gap in integration of intent that is 
captured on the platforms and then the revenue monetization of that. We have close 
to 54 million users coming on the platform as traffic, and our goal is to ensure that we 
do provide monetization streams across these traffic. 
We also find opportunities on the cost side again on the marketing front, where 
probably with tactical levers with Meta and other social media platforms, if we can, if 
we can do an efficient performance marketing expenditure, brand expenditure, and 
SC expenditure on these, on these platforms. So there are opportunities that present 
to us on the revenue and cost side both, which is why we, the team feels confident 
from the opportunities we see and the execution playbook that we have demonstrated 
successfully to bring this quickly under control in the next three, four quarters and then 
lead it back onto the growth at profitable metric journey. 
ASHISH DEORA (FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES & NON-EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
This is Ashish here. Just to add to what Onkar said. Look, we, we bought PropTiger in 
last July, exactly one year ago. And since then, we have been looking at Housing. 
Housing is the largest, one of the largest consumer brands in India and definitely the 
biggest consumer real estate brand, right? And you have over few years tracked how 
we have done transaction business and how we have grown that. 
So now our challenge is not getting 1+1=2 and making that profitable; our challenge 
really is how to make 1+1=3. And that is what we are working on. And in last month, 
month and a half or two, the teams have really worked on the integration plan. Now 
the question is how quickly and how relentlessly we can execute that, and that is 
something that we are here for. So, I mean, the largest brand combining with another 
largest transaction platform and the synergies are supposed to kind of start unlocking 
immediately and to become profitable at the earliest. 
RAHUL JAIN (DOLAT CAPITAL)  
Yes, thanks for the colour. That's very assuring and I think the right value add as 
identified by Onkar also is the consumer behaviour understanding that we have from 
the actual real estate business that we bring into, that's a value add and on the cost 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
efficiency side. And we have seen most other transactions in the past that you have 
worked around 12 months have been a good time for them to on the acquisition their 
cost side of it work around. So, I think similar timeline is what one should be expecting 
out here as well. 
ASHISH DEORA (FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES & NON-EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Yes, it's four quarters. Our internal target is three to four quarters; we are today saying 
four to six quarters. Housing is larger scale, a lot more synergy opportunities, larger 
brand, and we and it's the marketplace. So that is why we are factoring in one or two 
extra quarters. Our internal target is like the other companies to kind of make it 
profitable within three to four quarters. But yes, from for this call, let's take it four to six 
quarters. 
RAHUL JAIN (DOLAT CAPITAL)  
Sure, thanks for the colour and congratulations once again. 
ASHISH DEORA (FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES & NON-EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Thank you, Rahul. 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Thank you so much. 
YASHASHRI DHURI (LEAD MODERATOR) 
Thank you. Next question is from Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
DIPESH MEHTA (EMKAY GLOBAL) 
 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats for the steady execution as well as Housing 
transaction. Couple of questions. First on the Housing transaction, do you expect our 
overall offering portfolio is largely completed now, which we might have envisaged let's 
say when we started the journey, or you think still some gap exists which you would 
like to fill in next couple of years? 
So that is question one, just to understand overall broad view and where we are in 
terms of offering perspective. Second question is about the PropTiger. Now we 
completed a year, what are the learnings where we find revenue cost synergies and 
how some of those learnings, we can implement in Housing because this is relatively 
larger transaction, so if you can give broad thought process around it. Thank you. 
 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
 
RIHEN SHAH (LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS AND STRATEGY, AURUM 
PROPTECH LIMITED) 
So Dipesh, to your first point, we feel that, you know, we had the journey from lead to 
transactions was already there with Aurum PropTech ecosystem. Now we go to a 
much larger scale where we have the entire audience coming in, which is what 
Housing.com fulfils from audience to leads to management to transactions and 
managed living then. We feel that we have the entire ecosystem from end-to-end 
journey, and I think Housing is going to be a pivotal, Housing acquisition is going to be 
a pivotal stage for Aurum PropTech where we're going to become one platform, one 
operating system for Indian real estate. 
It's not going to be segmental going ahead in terms of different, different products or 
services together. And which is what we're trying to do with, you know, post Housing 
acquisition, that how do we streamline everything into one platform, one ecosystem, 
and one operating system for Indian real estate. Coming on to the second point which 
you had with respect to, you know, PropTiger. See, when the PropTiger and Housing 
both as businesses were HR-driven operational, you know, businesses, and we see a 
lot of drivers over there to ensure that there's efficiency into the system. 
Tech is being utilized at every stage to automate operations and ensure that overall, 
and we call this out as the key metric that we keep on tracking across all our 
companies, which is revenue per team member. How do we get, how do we increase 
that revenue per team member across the businesses is something that we have seen 
during this PropTiger transaction and getting to this last individual contributor in every 
team size and increasing their productivity is going to be something which we'll ensure 
that our learnings from PropTiger will be embedded into Housing transaction as well. 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Dipesh, just to add one more point to what Rihen already said is that if you look at the 
Housing offerings from a revenue standpoint, from a product standpoint, we did have 
that capability in place by the way of Analytica, which does a much larger pool of 
revenue in the, in the enterprise side of Housing. We also service the brokers between 
Sell.do and Analytica and some parts at Nestaway. 
However, what we didn't have is the intent at the earliest stage of property discovery, 
which only two internet, I would say internet platforms get, one is of course the likes 
of Google who learn it first as in when is the, when is the consumer starting to buy -- 
to starting his purchase or rental journey or real estate consumption journey. And 
second is of course marketplace platforms like Housing which get this signal. 
And the idea was there, what made it compelling is that this signal identification in a 
way jettisons us from an ecosystem to a marketplace enabled with transaction that 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
operates at a much larger TAM and has a larger stickiness in terms of our offerings to 
all the five stakeholders now, from the developer to the broker to the buyer to the 
consumer and also banker. That is what made Housing extremely compelling. And 
with this of course we feel that now everything that must be built around can be built 
internally and then offered in at the Housing level. 
DIPESH MEHTA (EMKAY GLOBAL) 
Understood, thank you. 
YASHASHRI DHURI (LEAD MODERATOR) 
Thank you. Next question is from Neel Chhabra from Resight Ventures. Please go 
ahead. 
NEEL CHHABRA (RESIGHT VENTURES) 
Hi everyone. So, like my question is largely on like we have been talking about building 
the complete ecosystem in the PropTech space and if you look at our last acquisition 
in terms of PropTiger and Housing.com, while they make a strategic fit and strategic 
sense in completing the portfolio, but they have come at a serious cost of dilution. So 
as a management, how do you think about per share value creation? 
And another metric that we have been talking about is ecosystem revenue. So like if 
a customer acquired through NestAway or now from Housing.com, what percentage 
would go on to transact on PropTiger or take a loan through KuberX or generate data 
through Analytica? So how do you think these pieces move forward in the next two, 
three years, the ecosystem revenue part and how you think about the per share value 
creation? 
ASHISH DEORA (FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES & NON-EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Hi, Neel, this is Ashish here. I'm taking the first question and then I'll request my 
colleagues to the second one. Look, on dilution, we think through this very, strongly, 
because from our long-term roadmap of the company, the dilution is very important. 
As a promoter of the company, dilution affects us personally the most. So, we think 
about this, about this very deeply every time that we have to do something. 
But both times that we have done the dilution, we have diluted to the largest PropTech 
group in the world, which is REA, right? And that is in turn owned by News Corp, right? 
So, what we have effectively done, we have today on our cap table 24.9% shareholder 
which is probably the largest PropTech group in the world and one of the biggest media 
groups in the world. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
So, what it does is, it just opens a lot more opportunities to learn from these 
companies, learn from their global experience, and that's one big intangible when we 
dilute. If it was just some other investor, then we would have thought twice. And that 
is why in the earlier avatars, earlier acquisitions, we never diluted, but we diluted to 
REA. This is more to the credit of REA than to our sort of thought process. So that is 
one part. 
Second, both PropTiger and Housing were very, very valuable brands, are very, very 
valuable companies, right? I mean, marketplaces are listed at 4.5x in India. That is the 
valuation that we have seen in some of the marketplaces. In another marketplace, we 
have seen the valuation to be 10x of their revenue. So what we have done now is we 
have acquired 1.5x of the revenue. 
And the reason behind that is because there is a long-term goal that we are aligned 
with REA Group, that is what our belief is. And that is why even for them, it is not an 
exit which only fetches INR 458 crores or whatever value that has come out of equity; 
they have now 24.9% in the largest PropTech company in the country. So, it's a bit of 
both, right? You're getting the right valuation, you're getting the right partner, and 
everything comes together. And only in those special scenarios are we looking at 
dilution. I hope that answers your question on the dilution. 
NEEL CHHABRA (RESIGHT VENTURES) 
Yes. 
RIHEN SHAH (LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS AND STRATEGY, AURUM 
PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Neel, I'll take your second question which is with respect to ecosystem, customer or 
cross-selling customers across the entire ecosystem. This is something that we've 
been trying to build at Aurum PropTech for the last couple of quarters. However, when 
we understood the journey of a consumer, we understood that it starts at the top of 
the funnel where the consumer showcases the first intent. May it be a consumer who 
is going from co-living to rental or a consumer going from rental to buying an apartment 
And that top layer or funnel was missing in our entire portfolio which now gets fixed 
through Housing.com. So effectively now with Housing, the opportunities to cross-sell 
or slash upsell at a B2B end to developers as well as partners, as well as from a B2C 
point of view increases exponentially and we able to ensure that every consumer who 
comes and leaves a footprint onto the platform has something that we can offer to 
them and constantly ensure that he's having his entire real estate lifecycle with Aurum 
PropTech as an entire platform. 
 
 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
 
NEEL CHHABRA (RESIGHT VENTURES) 
Thank you for explaining. And Ashish, as you have alluded, like marketplace is a very 
high-quality business model. And if we look at even REA's core operations in the 
Australian business, they are making like 60%, 70% operating margin. If we look at 
Rightmove in UK, they are also making 70% operating margins. If we look at Hemnet 
in Sweden, they are also operating at 15% operating margin. So directionally, what 
are the steady-state operating metrics that you envisage for Aurum, like let's say in 
next three, five years? 
ASHISH DEORA (FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES & NON-EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
You are benchmarking with the companies that we have been benchmarking and 
interacting very, very closely with. We look at every single product, every single 
feature, every single release that comes out with, whether it is on media, on social 
media, or on product. We believe that the consolidation in Indian PropTech has started 
with Housing and Aurum coming together. And the reason we say that is, because as 
my colleagues were talking earlier there was no handholding between discovery/listing 
to the transaction. 
And if you can integrate that well, then you will see very healthy unit economics, you 
will see very healthy EBITDA numbers going forward. And the moment as an industry 
leader we can demonstrate that it will make sense for other companies also to 
collaborate or come together to do that. And the thesis that you are talking about, Neel, 
is exactly our thesis as well, that nothing stops Indian PropTech companies to have 
similar profitability metrics what you have in Australia or what you have in UK or what 
you have in Brazil, right? 
They are smaller markets, in India, the real estate purchase is an emotional purchase, 
so it's even more important to have the right journey mapped. And I think we are on 
path to doing that. 
NEEL CHHABRA (RESIGHT VENTURES) 
All right, thank you so much. All the best. 
ASHISH DEORA (FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES & NON-EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Thank you. 
 
 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
 
YASHASHRI DHURI (LEAD MODERATOR) 
Thank you. Next question is from Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
MIT CHANDRA (HDFC SECURITIES)  
Hello, am I audible? 
YASHASHRI DHURI (LEAD MODERATOR) 
Yes, Amit, please go ahead. 
AMIT CHANDRA (HDFC SECURITIES)  
Yes, thanks for the opportunity, sir. Sorry, I joined a bit late, so maybe if this question 
is repetition, please forgive me. But in terms of the acquisition, it appears to be very 
exciting, a new journey. So, in terms of Housing.com, obviously we have a revenue of 
around INR 300 crores. So, in terms of profitability, like what is the loss as of now, and 
in terms of the journey to achieve breakeven, what are the timelines that we should 
see in terms of achieving the breakeven, and what are the low-hanging fruit in terms 
of achieving that break-even, so and like what are the timelines also? 
And if you see in terms of the competition that is there in the market, like the largest 
competitor which is 99acres, they have been trying since many years and spending a 
lot, but still they have achieved the breakeven level and they have been operating at 
a loss for many years. So how do we see the long-term profitability happening in 
Housing.com? 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Amit, thanks for your question and you're right, there has been certain baggage in the 
industry where losses have shown up on listing business models. And that is where 
we feel the opportunity lies for us in converting this, I would say, stopping at intent 
monetization and taking it to transaction between the listings business model and the 
fulfillment or the transaction business model. And which is where Housing and Aurum 
PropTech's combination becomes very compelling for all stakeholders. 
Having said that, if we look at the FY 2025 revenue from operations at Housing.com 
between the listing services and various other factors, INR 343 crores was the revenue 
as of FY '25. They have discontinued certain services, and of course they have exited 
one business to us, which is PropTiger. 
 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
 
On the expense side, between the employee benefits, other expenses, and which 
comprises of advertising, payment gateways, and software data, the expenditure at 
Housing as of FY 2025 was INR5 31 crores. That we understand as of FY 2026, and 
these numbers are being audited presently. They follow a July to June calendar, the 
Australian ASX calendar. These are being audited presently, and they will be very 
soon public for our consumption and estimation in the next few quarters. On the 
expense side, in the earlier question we did iterate there are opportunities we see on 
the marketing segment where we can look at efficiencies on expenditure, where we 
do better utilization of credits on various social media platforms and also search and 
discovery platforms like Google, using efficient working capital management to ensure 
that expenditures are managed within their limits. 
And the other one is of course a very and an internationally invested corporately 
managed business does have some opportunities for efficiency because it typically 
becomes top-heavy, management-heavy, whereas we at Aurum have typically 
believed in a lean org structure with largely frontline empowerment towards the 
revenue side, which is where a larger opportunity also presents to us in terms of cost 
optimization. 
We also reiterated in the previous question that we are looking at optimistically getting 
this under control anywhere between four to six quarters as a trait of our applying our 
playbook on restructuring and turnaround, turning around businesses. 
AMIT CHANDRA (HDFC SECURITIES)  
Okay, thank you. 
YASHASHRI DHURI (LEAD MODERATOR) 
Thank you, Amit. Next question is from Faisal Hawa from HG Hawa and Company. 
Please go ahead. 
FAISAL HAWA (H G HAWA & COMPANY) 
 
What is the reason that our quarter-on-quarter revenue has gone down quite a bit? 
And secondly, can you give some figures as to how much Housing.com would have 
spent on marketing, advertising, and branding alone on the last 7 to 8 years because 
they have been rather very visible in various media channels? 
And also, can you share that what was the highest valuation that Housing.com was 
diluted at during its various rounds and what was the lowest valuation also before we 
acquired them? And you know, they have had several mercurial founders and even 
entrepreneurs who have led them, but no one has been really able to control this 
company and they have burned money a lot, so to change the culture would be very 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
difficult as opposed to the many smaller acquisitions that we have done so far. So 
what are your comments on that? 
ASHISH DEORA (FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES & NON-EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Faizal-bhai, as always, you are reading our mind on with some of the points that you 
are making. So, first on how much money has been invested in Housing till date in 
various avatars, in various forms, by various investors in past. So, in last 14 to 15 
years, we believe INR 2,200 crores has been invested, out of which it is safe to assume 
that INR 1,000 crores got spent on the brand. 
It is the number one real estate brand. So that is one reason why it is a very, very 
attractive marketplace. We have already talked about the traffic numbers, 50+ million 
traffic numbers, 5 crores people visit every month, unique but still 5 crores 
engagements every month on the platform. 
So which is to our mind very, very valuable. Many founders, yes, it was started by a 
founder and then for last few years it has been stabilized by REA Group. REA Group 
is a very stable and very highly governed Australian publicly traded company. So, they 
have in a way whatever happened in the earlier mercurial founders, that has all in the 
past and last few years it has been in very stable hands of, of REA. 
Our endeavor is to kind of bring profitability. As you know us, we have learned this in 
Nestaway as well, where the losses were very high in terms of revenue to losses the 
proportionate -- proportion was even worse in Nestaway, but we turned that around. 
We believe that we can turn around Housing as well. 
Because in Housing we have an additional lever which is to bring synergies to our own 
transaction platform and that is something that will create a larger revenue base and 
create a larger profitability. So, that is where we are taking this. 
FAISAL HAWA (H G HAWA & COMPANY) 
 
And what is the burn rate of Housing.com per month just now? 
RIHEN SHAH (LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS AND STRATEGY, AURUM 
PROPTECH LIMITED) 
So as of right now, you know, the business as is, it's doing INR 200 crores of burn 
annualized basis. This of course, you know, once we close and we start our 
operations, the idea is to streamline the costs and bring it to a break-even point in four 
to six quarters. 
 
 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
 
FAISAL HAWA (H G HAWA & COMPANY) 
 
And we are on record saying that the promoters will also subscribe to some share. So 
what -- where exactly would that capital be deployed for or is it like a insurance so that 
when if the burn is not controlled then we have enough funds? 
ASHISH DEORA (FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES & NON-EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Yes, it is like a war chest for the company because we thought that it's just good to 
have funds in the company and promoter subscribing at these levels has just kind of 
created more confidence with the board and with REA as well, there is investment in 
the company more than what we already have currently. So yes, we'll have INR 200 
odd crores of war chest for Housing, but I don't envisage to use this. 
FAISAL HAWA (H G HAWA & COMPANY) 
 
And we will be expanding equity to the tune of 25% with all the dilutions. 
ASHISH DEORA (FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES & NON-EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
20%, right. Because around 5% odd percent was already with REA Group due to the 
PropTiger acquisition, which we had bought at 1x if you recall. We had issued shares 
worth 84 crores and the business that we are doing now in PropTiger makes that at 
almost 0.5x of the dilution. So yes, REA already owned 5%, and now another 20% by 
virtue of swapping Housing.com. 
FAISAL HAWA (H G HAWA & COMPANY) 
 
And sir, if you could just answer whether why our quarter-on-quarter revenue has gone 
down in this particular June quarter? 
SHRIKANT JAGTAP (DEPUTY CFO, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Faisal, particularly there is one category of the revenue which get crystallized based 
on the slabs, percentage slabs of achievements of the target. And that got crystallized 
in the last quarter of FY 2026. Now in this quarter the slabs which will as and when we 
move further to the year, this slab will get achieved and that revenue also we will get 
crystallized probably at the last quarter of this financial year. So, there was one 
revenue which got recognized in the last quarter, which is, which will build for the year 
in this year.  
 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
 
RIHEN SHAH (LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS AND STRATEGY, AURUM 
PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Faisal, just continuing onto Shrikant's point, you know, this is specifically for the 
PropTiger business where we have annual operating plans signed with the developers 
which is for the financial year. Even in this financial year, we have annual operating 
plans signed with, you know, all the developers that PropTiger works with and it is 
based on the total amount of gross transactions that we do with the developers. 
As and when we hit those slabs, we unlock additional brokerage slabs which PropTiger 
can then charge. As we start the year, we are at the first couple of slabs initially when 
the value unlocking generally happens in the second part of the financial year. Which 
is why you see that drop; it's more seasonal rather than, you know, it's not a one-time 
impact, it's the way the cycle works in PropTiger as such. 
FAISAL HAWA (H G HAWA & COMPANY) 
 
I really appreciate your answering my questions. Thank you. 
ASHISH DEORA (FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES & NON-EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Thank you. 
YASHASHRI DHURI (LEAD MODERATOR) 
Thank you. We'll take our last question from Yajat Shah from Family Office. Please go 
ahead. 
YAJAT SHAH (FAMILY OFFICE)  
Hi. All my questions were answered. Just wanted to know one last thing. So we are 
currently at 10% EBITDA adjusted. So, with the Housing.com integration, in four 
quarters we plan to be profitable. But can we be profitable on company basis by the 
next two or three quarters? Thank you. 
RIHEN SHAH (LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS AND STRATEGY, AURUM 
PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Thank you, Yajat, for your question. Yes, we do see the potential to be profitable at a 
company level because our existing businesses are already profitable, may it be in the 
distribution segment which always was profitable and now the rental segment is also 
break-even at an adjusted EBITDA basis. We do see that potential over there; we'll be 
able to give you better guidance on this once the Housing transaction has been closed. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
And our quarter-on-quarter roadmap has been defined to scale Housing and control 
the expenses to reach Housing as well as on a standalone basis. As, you know, called 
out by Ashish sir and Onkar earlier, while our internal target is to reach break-even in 
Housing itself within three to four quarters, we for this call we're saying that we'll, we'll 
for sure do it in the four to six quarter timeframes. 
YAJAT SHAH (FAMILY OFFICE) 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
YASHASHRI DHURI (LEAD MODERATOR) 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to paucity of time, we'll take that as the last 
question for today. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Pranali Desale for closing 
comments. Over to you. 
PRANALI DESALE (INVESTOR RELATIONS, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Thank you, Yashashri, and thank you everyone for joining us today. Q1 FY27 marks 
another significant step forward in Aurum PropTech's journey. Building on the 
momentum of the past few quarters, we have continued to strengthen our operating 
performance, deliver profitable growth, and execute our strategic priorities with 
discipline across our businesses. 
We sincerely appreciate your continued support, trust, and engagement as we work 
forward towards creating long-term value for all our stakeholders.  
Should you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out to our investor 
relations team and we will be happy to address them offline.  
Thank you once again for your time and continued support. We look forward to 
engaging with you again next quarter. Have a wonderful day. 
YASHASHRI DHURI (LEAD MODERATOR) 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Aurum PropTech Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now exit the meeting. 
