Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
CIN - L65929TG2003PLC040648 
Galaxy, Wing B, 16th Floor, Plot No.1, Sy No 83/1, Hyderabad Knowledge City,  
TSIIC, Raidurg Panmaktha, Hyderabad – 500081, Telangana 
Ph: +9140-48126666 | contact@spandanasphoorty.com | www.spandanasphoorty.com 
 
 
Ref: SSFL/Stock Exchange/2026-27/052 
 
July 31, 2026 
 
To 
BSE Limited, 
Department of Corporate Services 
P. J. Towers, 25th Floor, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001 
 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip Code: 542759 and 890221 
 
Symbol: SPANDANA and SSFLPP 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of conference call held on Friday, July 24, 2026. 
 
Ref: Company letter ref no. Ref: SSFL/Stock Exchange/2026-27/039 dated July 20, 2026. 
In furtherance to our above-mentioned letter, please find enclosed herewith a transcript of the conference call 
held on Friday, July 24, 2026, to discuss the financial and operational performance of the Company for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
The aforesaid information shall also be made available on the website of the Company at 
www.spandanasphoorty.com. 
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
 
Vinay Prakash Tripathi 
Company Secretary  
 
Encl: As Above 
 
VINAY PRAKASH 
TRIPATHI
Digitally signed by VINAY 
PRAKASH TRIPATHI 
Date: 2026.07.31 10:46:22 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
“Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 24, 2026 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchanges on 24th July 2026 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VENKATESH KRISHNAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SPANDANA 
SPHOORTY FINANCIAL LIMITED 
 
MR. ASHISH DAMANI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SPANDANA SPHOORTY FINANCIAL LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited Q1 
FY27 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company 
as on the date of this call. These statements do not guarantee the future performance of the 
company and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Venkatesh Krishnan, MD and CEO, Spandana Sphoorty 
Financial, for his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
Good morning, all. Thanks for joining this Q1 FY27 call. This is the first time we are holding 
the call in the morning. So we can safely say it is a new morning for Spandana and a morning 
filled with hope. 
A few quantitative and qualitative aspects before I hand over the mic to my colleague, CFO, 
Ashish Damani. It was a good quarter that went by on multiple fronts. Our AUM grew 11% 
quarter-on-quarter to INR4,887 crores. New member addition was at 61% as compared to 46% 
rather in the March quarter. Overall, members added also increased to 1.38 lakh during the 
quarter as compared to 1.1-odd lakhs in the March quarter. 
X-bucket collection efficiency, which is a very important parameter was at 99.5% as anticipated. 
Annualized credit cost at 2.1% (Net credit cost remained negative in Q1, due to stronger 
recoveries during the period) against 3.2% in the March quarter. We managed to collect INR51 
crores in the 90-plus pool. The marginal cost of funding came down to 11.3% as against 12% 
last quarter. 
And we managed to garner around INR545 crores of sanction under the credit guarantee scheme, 
and sanctions are still coming, and there are quite a few sanctions in the pipeline as well. Overall 
cost of borrowing came down to 12.8% as against 13.2% with bank share going up from 44% to 
47%. 
The share of new portfolio, which is sourcing effective 1st of April 2025, grew to 91%. And of 
course, the most important thing is that PAT was INR12 crores as against INR5 crores in the 
March '26 quarter. Liquidity and capital adequacy are areas wherein at this point in time, we are 
holding good. 
On the qualitative front, we realize that the top 5 states contribute about 60% of our total share, 
which is Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, Andhra, Telangana, Odisha and West Bengal. Two states we 
really want to grow in the coming quarters are Tamil Nadu, where our share currently is just 
about INR16 crores out of the industry of INR38,000 crores. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
And Maharashtra, where we are at about INR288 crores as against the industry of INR24,000 
crores. So 1.1% share, we want to at least double it to 2% share. Individual loan product is ready 
to be piloted in 8 branches in Madhya Pradesh. So we are putting about 8 -10 people. Over the 
next 3 months, we want to test it out because this is a completely different product, better 
underwritten with eNACH facility. 
We want to just check what is the acceptability. Of course, this is going to be for existing 
customers to begin with. But in the days to come, we will migrate to new to Spandana customers 
as well, anyone who's got a track record elsewhere. 
Like in any other business, you will always have many of the branches doing well and a few 
branches not doing well. We carved out 100 branches where there was scope for improvement, 
either on the business or collections of both.  
And we're trying to put a separate team to revive this because merger or closure in microfinance 
rarely leads to success. So we said that this time around, we are going to revive these branches, 
and we are quite hopeful these 100 branches can really turn out to be significant contributors in 
the times to come. 
El Nino, much spoken about what's going to happen, time alone will say. But proactively, the 
credit and business have worked together a strategy how to deal with new customers who are 
not exposed to any form of credit who are staying in a rented premise, so on and so forth. So we 
put some game plan for select districts and states that are likely to be impacted. So it's a wait and 
watch with adequate controls.  
The balance rights issue money of INR200 crores, INR100 crores from the promoter and the 
balance INR100 crores from others who participated is expected this quarter, before the end of 
this quarter. 
We have a new Chief Business Officer for South. That position was vacant for a couple of 
months, has recently joined us. He is going to take care of Andhra, Telangana, Tamil Nadu, 
Karnataka and Kerala, comes with a lot of experience. So with that, we have all the complements 
of the 4 Chief Business Officers - North, South, East, West, state heads are there. 
So overall business is looking good, but that should not lead to complacency. So we are putting 
our head down to ensure that we stay focused on basics and the basic is how we are able to 
collect on the due date, how we are following up on the 1 to 90 bucket, the 90-plus pool is a 
large pool for us. So ensuring that we keep collecting as much as possible. 
This is the last year we're going to focus on the so-called 90-plus book because after that, we 
don't have expect customers who are 2 years or more thereafter paying us. And then, of course, 
focusing on productivity and disbursals. So all in all, we seem to be on the right direction, 
keeping fingers crossed for the coming quarters. But at this point in time, we are happy with 
how the revived Spandana is shaping up. 
With that, I hand it over to Ashish, my colleague. 

Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
July 24, 2026 
Page 4 of 13 
Ashish Damani: 
Moderator: 
Harshit Khadka: 
Thanks, Venki. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining in this call. I'd like to cover 
some of the highlights on the financial side, starting with business drivers. Our AUM stood at 
INR4,887 crores with 11% quarter-on-quarter growth. So this is -- 12% was the last quarter. 
This quarter, it's 11%. We just hope that the disbursement trend continues, we will be able to 
sustain the growth rate for coming quarters as well. 
New book, which we have originated under the new SRO guidelines or credit rules that we have 
put up, stands at 91%. Again, this is getting better with every quarter passing by. Hopefully, we 
should move to 95% or so in the coming quarter. 
The way portfolio quality has been shaping up as the X- Bucket collection efficiency sustains at 
99.5% or above, which is what we were expecting it to be. It has a positive bearing on all the 
quality parameters. So if you look at 1 to 90, it has come down to 1.2% against 1.3% of the 
AUM last quarter. 
GNPA stood at 3.6%, again, improved from 3.8% what we have seen in March quarter. 
Consolidated NPA accordingly was at 0.68% against the 0.73% for March. We continue to hold 
a good amount of provisioning on the NPA. It stood at over 80%. 
Improvement in business has led to improvement also on the borrowing side. If you see, we had 
been able to raise INR1,597 crores in the first quarter. And it has come at a favorable pricing 
when compared to the last quarter at 11.3%, almost 70 basis points lower than what we have 
seen in Q4FY26. Even on the liquidity side, we continue to maintain strong liquidity at INR1,316 
crores as of June end.  
Some of the financial performance highlights - Portfolio, I have covered at 91%, drives the net 
CE also to 99.4%. This is in the new book, so stood very strong. Portfolio quality and AUM mix 
is helping us to see register improvement in the yield. So yield accordingly has moved to 24.6%, 
up from 22.8% in quarter 4. 
So marginal cost of borrowings, I have covered earlier, but 120 bps was the decline in 
the marginal our cost of borrowings, and we hope, like Venki explained that there was lot 
of sanctions that we have received in CGS and we are likely to receive more should help us 
continue to see some improvement in the marginal cost of borrowings. 
With the improving trend in the yield and declining borrowing cost, our NIM improved to 12.5% 
compared to 9.9% in the previous quarter. PPOP accordingly was at INR16 crores without the 
recoveries, with recoveries, it was at INR40 crores. And I think the improvement is clearly 
visible. Accordingly, the PAT has also seen improvement at INR12 crores compared to INR5 
crores, which was reported for the quarter 4. 
I will stop here and maybe open the floor for questions, and take it from there. 
The first question comes from the line of Harshit Khadka with RoboCapital. 
Sir, earlier, we had said that we are comfortable with 2.5% to 3% credit cost. So are we still 
maintaining that target for FY27? 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
Very much. We are at, as I said, 2.1% for Q1 and the efforts are on to retain that. 
Harshit Khadka: 
Okay, sir. Understood. And what is our ROA target for FY27 and '28? 
Ashish Damani: 
See, the ROA should be looked at in a BAU. So '28, we expect it to go to the business as usual. 
And our stated position is 3.5% kind of ROA is something that should be feasible in the kind of 
ROA tree that we have. The current ROA is at 1%. This should improve from here is the 
expectation for FY27. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Karthik Srinivas with Unifi Mutual Fund. 
Karthik Srinivas: 
Thank you and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, I just wanted to understand on the 
liquidity part. See, we have maintained at about INR1,300 crores, which is slightly above our 
BAU, if I'm allowed to put it that way because last year was a little bit of a slowdown and then 
we had to maintain liquidity. 
So, I just wanted to understand how is it going to be going forward? Will we reduce our liquidity 
and put it into more use in terms of more disbursements or how are you seeing it for the quarters 
to come by? 
Ashish Damani: 
Hi, Karthik. Thanks for the question. I think the way to look at the liquidity is, yes, we are 
drawing to ensure that the business disbursements are smooth. And some of it can also always 
be relating to the timing. Quarter ends, there is a drawdown that happens. And accordingly, you 
may see slightly higher liquidity. 
But your point is well taken. As the situation is improving, as the environment is improving, we 
will like to optimize on the overall liquidity that we will carry in the balance sheet. Having said 
that, we should always be of the cognizance that in microfinance, it's always better to stay liquid 
than keep gasping for that. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sajal Raj with Zenflow Finance. 
Sajal Raj: 
Congratulations on the improvement in the rating part. Could you share whether this has already 
translated into lower cost of borrowing? And if so, by roughly how many basis points? Also, 
what is your expectation for the cost of borrowing in FY27? Can you provide any broad range? 
Ashish Damani: 
Hi, Sajal. So, I am sure you would have noticed that the cost of borrowings, incremental, has 
already seen improvement. We are at 11.3% against the 12% last quarter. The rating definitely 
has a role to play and any improvement there will translate into better pricing for the company.  
And like we have said, the borrowings under the CGS also is helping us to keep the cost at a 
lower end of the spectrum. And we hope that this number will sustain, and we may see some 
more improvement as well. 
In any case, since the incremental borrowing is going to replace a higher cost of borrowing which 
we have done in the past, you have seen that translating into benefit on the overall cost of funds 
as well, which was at 12.8% compared to 13.2%, and we should see some further improvement 
in the coming quarter. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
Just to add on, performance and ratings are intertwined. And as I said, our bank share has gone 
up from 44% to 47% and efforts are on to increase it further. And more importantly, as days pass 
by, you will have PSU banks participating, which should also bring down the cost of acquisition. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal with Motilal Oswal. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Just two things. One is on the liability side. Ashish sir, you also kind of mentioned that this 
quarter, we are expecting more sanctions under CGS. And to that extent, you're expecting the 
marginal cost of borrowings should trend further lower. But how are things on the other 
borrowings? 
Basically, all I'm trying to understand is while we are expecting more PSU banking lines to open 
up, are we in a situation today where, I mean, access to liabilities can impede our growth targets 
this year, the business targets this year? 
Ashish Damani: 
Hi, Abhijit. Good morning. So, of the INR1,597 crores that we have drawn, what was drawn 
under the CGS for the quarter was about INR200 crores. The rest is yet to be drawn. That clearly 
depicts that there is borrowings, which is available outside CGS as well. 
Even in terms of cost of borrowing, we've been able to secure this borrowing at a reasonably 
good pricing, even outside CGS I'm saying. And that's how you've seen 11.3% of incremental 
cost of borrowings and our overall borrowings despite that CGS was only INR200 crores out of 
the INR1,597 crores. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. And sir, what is the target for business disbursements this year? 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
So, we are looking at anywhere between INR6,000 crores to INR6,500 crores. And just to add 
on the liquidity part, even during trying times, institutions were quite supportive of Spandana 
for a variety of reasons, including the promoter caliber and credibility in the marketplace. 
Now more and more players are coming into the fold with whom we are talking, some of the 
names, banking names who are not part of the funding thus far are also talking to us. So it's 
looking good. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it, sir. And then, sir, earlier during the call, someone asked you that, I mean, what is the 
guidance or what is the target on credit costs this year. So you had said that stays in that same 
range, 2.5% to 3%. I'm guessing this is gross credit costs that we are talking about. Then you 
also said that maybe this is the last year where we'll be pursuing recoveries. So I mean, if I were 
to even include recoveries now, what could net credit costs be like this year? 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
Closer to 2%. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Okay. Great. 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
And also read my statement saying when I said this is the last year, of course, there is always 
going to be a pool of 90. So what I meant was the older 90-plus, we will not collect it. But of 
course, you will have some 90 plus this year also. So those collections will always remain. The 
older pool will stop starting next year onwards. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Sure, sir. That is well received. And the last question that I now had is on the yield trajectory. 
We have obviously seen yields improve over the last few quarters, also because maybe the 
reversals are also lower now. At what point will these yields stabilize? 
Ashish Damani: 
So our ideal yield at which we disburse is around 25.25%. So accordingly, we are very close to 
that number, Abhijit. So yield going forward should see marginal improvement. But yes, then it 
should sustain from there. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Shreepal Doshi with Equirus Capital. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Sir, my first question was on the asset side. Have you taken any rate increase there in the last 
couple of quarters? 
Ashish Damani: 
So the last increase that we did was from 1st of October '25. After that, there was no rate increase. 
It's largely the mix changing favorably, which is improving the yield and like the last participant 
mentioned that the reversals because of the 90-plus is not as much as what we have seen in 
previous quarters. The yield kind of improves because of that as well. 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
Just to add. Sorry, Shreepal, there are no further plans to increase the rates at this point in time. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Okay. Got it. Got it. And sir, we were in this branch rundown journey. So when do we see that 
getting concluded? And what is the number that we have in mind to sort of consolidate at? 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
So I addressed this partly a little while ago. We have 1,250-odd branches (Standalone), and it 
will remain so. No further plans to merge down. Of course, a few branches here and there may 
underperform and that's why I'm putting up a task force to ensure that these branches have 
revived rather than shutting it down or merging it. So otherwise, this count of 1,250 will remain. 
In fact, it might actually go up if you really expand in Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Right, right. So that is where I I was going to ask the next question that if you aspire to expand 
there, especially when you've got a new business head also for that. So in that case, do we see 
branch expansion coming back actually? 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
Sure. Some branches in Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu, for sure this year. And then of the 5 or 6 
large states that we have, which I spelled it out Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, Odisha, Karnataka, West 
Bengal, and Andhra, Telangana, we will keep seeing wherever there is potential, we want to 
grow contiguous if there are gaps in certain districts, we can always keep growing. But at the 
same time, we also need to ensure that the existing branches are juiced out. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it. And the last question was on the asset quality side. So we are in the last week of the 
month. How are you seeing the current month collection efficiency? I mean you highlighted 
about the uncertainties of delayed monsoon or El Nino, but are you seeing any of that playing 
out in July so far? Or we are broadly intact at what we were for the last quarter? 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
Thus far, in line with what we have seen in the balance month of this year. But as I said, we have 
taken certain proactive measures to structure how we source new customers in certain districts 
which are likely to be impacted. But thus far, no adverse observation in the collection efficiency. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it. Got it. I have more questions. I'll come in the queue, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ashlesh Sonje with Kotak Securities. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
A few questions from my side. Firstly, if you can just clarify on whether you are seeing any 
early signs of elevated bounces or forward flows in your portfolio thus far in the last few months 
because of the weak monsoon. So that's the first one. And just a follow-up on that one. If  the 
asset quality seems to be holding up fine, if you can also share why is that the case in your view? 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
So the first point, as I said just before this question saying, as of now, we are not seeing any 
adversity in the way the portfolio is behaving. So that remains. Why is the portfolio holding up, 
it also depends on how you source customers and what is the kind of discipline that you are 
trying to in build into your on-time repayment, your meeting centers, your follow-ups both at 1 
to 90 levels and 90-plus. 
So this is a very simple business wherein you've got to keep doing the same thing again and 
again, day in and day out. There can be some blips here and there depending upon the situation, 
but large things will not happen if you have your process and controls in place. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Understood. Okay. Second one was on the recoveries. You have indicated that the net credit cost 
will turn out to be negligible in this year. If I compare that -- so that effectively amounts to, I 
assume a recovery of close to about INR250 crores, INR300 crores -- sorry, INR150 crores to 
INR200 crores in this year. Correct me if I'm wrong there. How does that compare with the total 
amount of slippages that you have seen in this cycle? I assume that number would be close to 
about INR2,000 crores plus? 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
What has happened in the past, if you try and compare, that's why we have this 90-plus pool, 
which is large enough, okay. So that should not be a basis for how I look at this year or the years 
to come through. That pool is large enough, and we are going to collect anywhere between 
INR150 crores to INR200 crores.  
We are trying to see if we can collect a little more than INR200 crores as well. With each passing 
month, today, we are averaging between INR16 crores and INR18 crores a month. Aiming for a 
INR20 crores, looks a little tough, but you should still put in the efforts to try and see. But flow, 
as I said, if your flow is manageable. If you're 99.5%, then your flow is marginalized. And even 
if you're able to collect 50% of the flow, then home you're home and dry. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Sir, if I were to ask it differently, the pool which is currently in the written-off zone, you would 
say that the recovery from there would be largely negligible. Is that fair? 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
No, we are collecting from that only. INR150 crores, INR200 crores of collections that we 
envisage for this year is going to come from the existing 90-plus pool, which is about roughly 
INR2,500 crores, of which, we have collected about INR300 crores last year. 
Ashish Damani: 
INR326 crores in last 18 months. 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
INR326 crores. So that happens, INR15 crores, INR16 crores is coming from that pool. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Understood. Okay. Sir, just lastly, correct me if I'm wrong, if I heard you incorrectly, the CGS 
MFI scheme, you have raised about INR200 crores. If you can share what was the rough pricing 
on that? 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
INR500 crores sanctioned thus far, utilized is INR200 crores. Pricing is just about at 10% or a 
little over 10% because there are sub-10%, there are marginally over 10% as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Meghna Luthra with InCred Equities. 
Meghna Luthra: 
Congratulations on a good quarter. I just had 2 questions. One is there is a slight inch up in the 
new book delinquency. What is the normalized level that we see over there? And secondly, how 
do we see opex moving in this year and the next year? 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
See, delinquency, we are aiming for a 99.5% collection efficiency. Again, if you look at the top 
6 states, which contributes 60%. Andhra, Telangana was at about 99.2%; Bihar was 99.4%, 
Madhya Pradesh and Odisha upwards of 99.5%, West Bengal was 99.4%. So by and large, we 
are at 99.5%. So some delinquencies will happen, but we are able to collect it. But average, what 
we're aiming for is 99.5%, which we are holding on thus far, including this month. 
Ashish Damani: 
Yes. So on the opex, we have seen a good quarter, and we're just hoping that we'll be in the same 
range in terms of the absolute number. So against the last year full opex of about INR760-odd 
crores. I think we should be more around INR675 crores or so for the full year this year. And 
next year should be just a 10% increase on that. 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
That said, we are also looking at some investments, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, I spoke of. We 
are also looking at some automation, which will help reduce the manual intake. So we are trying 
to ensure that the savings that come through are plowed back in one form or the other, which is 
going to really help this company for the times to come. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rajiv Mehta with YES Securities. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Good numbers. Just one clarification, when you say 90-plus recoveries are kind of INR51 crores 
in the quarter, this is NPLs plus write-off pool recoveries, right? 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
That's right. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay. And out of which INR24 crores was written-off recovery and then the remaining should 
be the NPL recoveries number. Yes. And this number, INR51 crores, you are saying you're 
targeting it to be around INR150 crores, INR200-odd crores for the whole year? 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
Yes. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Understood. And see, just on credit cost, while see the flows have significantly come down, your 
X-bucket is also now 99.5%. So from a flow point of view and from existing coverage on Stage 
2 and Stage 3 point of view and even from write-off point of view, I mean, the credit cost seems 
to be moving favorably. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
This is one thing, when I look at your coverage on Stage 1, it is only 40 basis points. And when 
I look around peers, they are either at 1% or even higher than 1%. So, is there a thought that at 
some point in time, maybe not this year, maybe next year, you would want to take it up to where 
the industry is operating at? 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
Very much. It's a very valid observation. We are working on it. But unlike many of the other 
players in the industry, our frontline officers also focus on 90-plus because of the sheer size. Of 
course, there is so much a frontline officer can do when he has to disburse X-bucket, 1 to 90 and 
90-plus. But yes, the focus is on to raise at least the bar to 50% in the 1 to 30 segment. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay. Okay. And some thoughts, I mean, you've shared the disbursement numbers. But are you 
sharing your AUM targets for end of March 2027 and end March '28? 
Venkatesh Krishnan 
This year, we are aiming for about exit of about anywhere a little upwards of INR6,000 crores. 
March '28, may turn out to be a guidance, which we will plan as we get into August, September 
times. But broadly, we are looking at a INR10,000 crores or thereabouts by March '28. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
And just from a cost point of view, see, one is rationalization. I think that is an exercise we have 
done. But from a productivity point of view of your opex or of your loan officers, what is the 
plan to raise it so that there would be optimal number of customer per loan officer. 
See, one is on the acquisition side, but what all can drive better acquisition of customer and 
maybe so that productivity of resources can help us leverage the opex, the way we are conceiving 
right now? 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
So two aspects. One, of course, is acquisition of new members, which I spoke of last quarter was 
61%, which is very important from a growth trajectory. Second is retention of your good 
customers. So there, we are trying to ensure that the good customers who have been with us. 
And of course, also good with other players in the industry, we don't lose them any cost. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Amey Chheda with Banyan Capital. 
Amey Chheda: 
So all my questions have been answered. Just one clarification. This ROA of 3.5% was for FY 
'28, right, next year? 
Ashish Damani: 
That's right. 
Amey Chheda: 
And what would be this number in this year? 
Ashish Damani: 
So Amey, like I've said, we are presently at 1%, and we should see more improvement in this 
number going forward for the current year. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sucrit Patil with Eyesight Fintrade. 
Sucrit Patil: 
I have 2 questions. My first question to Mr. Venkatesh. Beyond the regular outlook, what are 
the top 2, 3 execution priorities you are focusing on in the next few quarters? And alongside 
that, what do you see as the biggest risk in borrower demand or competitive pressures? 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
And how are you preparing to manage them while strengthening the company's position in 
microfinance and small lending? That's my first question. I'll ask my second question after this. 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
So priorities, as I said, we're just about ready with our individual loan product, and we are going 
to be piloting it in 8 branches of Madhya Pradesh. We want to make it a success and roll it pan 
India and for our group company, Criss Financial as well. That's a new initiative, which I'm very 
hopeful that it cannot be a huge share, but definitely a much better underwritten offering. 
Point number two, definitely, we have 6 states wherein we are at about 65%, but as I said, Tamil 
Nadu and Maharashtra, why we have not really grown these 2 states, hitherto is something which 
I wish to now grow and make it as big as any of the other states like Bihar or Madhya Pradesh. 
So that is another priority we are working on. 
Third, which is very important for us to ensure that we are able to work on the attrition front and 
ensure that we retain people because over time, we realize that once the people are there on 
board, their productivity improves, reliability improves. 
Point number 4, we are working on the new LOS platform, which should be in the UAT stage 
by the end of this quarter. And October to December, we are going to be migrating, which is 
Perfios platform from Jayam. That's a big initiative for the company, migrating 1,250 branches. 
That also has its own inbuilt credit platform, collections platform that will lead to a lot of insights 
into how we approach customers, how we record the customer observations, skip trace of 
customer mobile numbers so on and so forth. So these are the 3, 4 priorities I'm working on. And 
then, of course, as we go along in this journey, depending upon how things are happening, we 
can take on 1 or 2 more initiatives. 
Sucrit Patil: 
My second question for Mr. Damani, is, again, along the similar line. From a financial point of 
view, what key risks or challenges do you anticipate in the coming quarters? And what specific 
measures are being taken to manage margins, cash flow and balance sheet strength, especially 
in areas like credit risk, borrower repayment cycles or the regulatory compliance? 
Ashish Damani: 
So the way we look at it is, yes, credit cost is something that will be on the top of mind. We have 
strengthened our underwriting substantially over the course of last 15 months or so, and we're 
ensuring that we stay put with that. It has yielded good results. We hope that it continues to stay 
that way. So that's the important aspect. 
We have controlled our operating cost, and we are very focused on that front. The growth that 
we are going to get is with very limited or no investments on increasing from a cost side. So 
that's another important aspect that we're looking at. 
Our financial borrowing cost got elevated during the stress period. The focus is how do we bring 
that cost down and protect the NIMs as we progress. So these are the aspects which we've been 
focusing on. And I think so far, we have had a reasonable amount of success and hopefully, we'll 
continue to sustain all the success that we've got. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Prabal Gandhi with InCred AMC. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Prabal Gandhi: 
Sir, just one question. From 2013 onwards, we have seen this 3, 4 times now that in an up cycle, 
we scale up to INR8,000 crores, INR10,000 crores of AUM. And then as the down cycle starts 
versus our peers, our consolidation is heavier. 
So in this cycle, how are you ensuring that here on, even if the cycle downturns in 1.5, 2 years, 
at least we'll be able to sustain our AUM and therefore, there is some assurance on sustainability 
of numbers beyond near-term as well? 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
So point number one, there is no problem in growth, but it has to be sustainable growth and you 
need to have adequate controls and process. There are only 3 things in this industry one needs 
to take care of. One is your process and controls. Ad nauseam, I'm going to keep talking about 
this. Second is, point number 2 is discipline. And third is calibrated growth. 
If you wish to grow at 100% and your systems don't support, you're going to fall. So we are 
ensuring that we grow reasonably. At the same time, all the building blocks that are in place in 
terms of ensuring that the growth is adequately supported by controls, especially focused on 
recoveries, so that, as you rightly said, if at all, there is a sort of a downturn or some swings in 
the marketplace, we are in sync with the market and don't go below that. 
Prabal Gandhi: 
Okay. And any example of discipline or practices that you can highlight, which gives you 
confidence that this time, underwriting will be more prudent compared to previous up cycles? 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
So one of the questions, of course, not asked, let me answer that will be quite relevant to what 
you asked. The SROs are really playing a big role in ensuring that the industry really grows and 
the confidence in the industry also grows. But today, as I talk to you, Spandana + 3 is about 
3.7% only, which used to be about 20%, 25%. 
So 98% of the customers that I added were regular and we were the only borrowers at that point 
in time when we gave the loan. So the market has now come to realize that we got to ensure that 
the credit parameters are adhered to without any miss. Otherwise, it not only impacts you, but it 
impacts other players as well. 
So we are ensuring that whatever guardrails are there, the guardrails are adhered to. As I said, 
we have also taken cognizance of the fact that there could be an El Nino. So how do we handle 
new to credit customers. The family has both spouse being new to credit, staying in a rented 
apartment or rented house, how to deal with them. 
We are also ensuring that telecalling is something that we are able to reach out to our customers. 
So for instance, what came as a sort of a realization to me is in my telecalling outfit, about -- we 
are able to receive INR30-odd lakh from customers directly online through the QR code that we 
generate when we are calling the delinquent customers. So we are trying to see whether we can 
increase that INR30 lakhs to INR50 lakhs to begin with. 
Then we realized that there are agencies who are doing bot calling. So we have hired the services 
of bot calling, which is also increasing our reach to customers because the bots can call you 
repeatedly without really talking about 80 connects a day or so on and so forth. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Second, we are also ensuring that the product offerings that we have, take a relook in terms of 
the ticket size, how we're treating customers who have been with us for 4, 5 cycles. Are we 
allowing those customers to go to competition or we are able to retain them and we are able to 
see performance. So these are 3 or 4 things we are doing, coupled with the initiatives of the SRO 
to ensure that we run a predictable franchise. 
Prabal Gandhi: 
Understood. And just last question. How is Kedaara looking at the performance of the senior 
management team, is it more about scaling of the business? Is it more about profitability? How 
is the incentive being derived for the senior management team by Kedaara? 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
So if your question is aimed at saying that how long will Kedaara stay invested, no answers. But 
at least I see them here for at least next 2, 3 years. Now whether Kedaara stays or does not stay, 
we need to perform. And if you are able to perform, everyone is wanting to have a share of 
Spandana. 
That apart, Kedaara has been very, very supportive. No interference. We just have monthly 
reviews, wherein they come and check with us what exactly is happening, any help items. If 
there are any AI initiatives since they have that skill and expertise, they are willing to help us on 
AI-led initiatives. So other than that, they have been very supportive and helping us deliver on 
the dotted lines. 
Prabal Gandhi: 
Actually, it was more on the lines of how is Kedaara reviewing the performance of the senior 
management team, as you mentioned, that it's a 2- to 3-year time line for them. So are they 
looking more from the perspective of how quickly can we scale our AUM or they are more 
focused on profitability or asset quality? Any particular metrics that they are more prioritizing 
compared to other metrics in the evaluation of senior management team? 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
We are deciding that. Kedaara has no role to play, what to grow, which markets to grow, how to 
grow, what are the things we need to do, which are the areas we need to automate, everything is 
done by the management. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for the closing remarks. 
Venkatesh Krishnan: 
Thanks once again for joining the Q1 FY27 call. I'm sure all of us are relatively happy with the 
performance and efforts are on to ensure that we replicate this, put our heads down and do our 
basics right, no heroics. That's about it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
