 
                                                                                                                               
August 12, 2026 
To, 
BSE Limited 
 
Corporate Relationship Department 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code: 544321 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai -400051 
NSE Symbol: VENTIVE 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”) ‐ Transcript of the Earnings Call held on August 05, 2026. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call held by the Company 
on Wednesday, August 05, 2026 at 4:00 p.m. in respect of the unaudited financial results (standalone 
and consolidated) for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
Further, pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, the aforesaid 
transcript 
will 
also 
be 
disclosed 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
i.e. 
https://www.ventivehospitality.com/transcript-audio-recordings-of-earnings-conference-call/  
Request you to take same on record. 
Thanking You, 
For Ventive Hospitality Limited 
 
 
Pradip Bhatambrekar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: F14201 
 
PRADIP P 
BHATAMBR
EKAR
Digitally signed by 
PRADIP P 
BHATAMBREKAR 
Date: 2026.08.12 
12:06:58 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 05, 2026 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
MR. RANJIT BATRA –CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. PARESH BAFNA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MS. AISHWARYA V R – INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
MR. SHOAIB SHARIFF – INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 

 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY27 Conference Call hosted by 
Ventive Hospitality. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Aishwarya V R, Investor Relations Department at Ventive 
Hospitality. Thank you, and over to you, Ms. Aishwarya. 
Aishwarya:  
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining the earnings conference call for 
quarter ended June 30th, 2026. Our financial results and investor presentation have been 
published on the exchanges and the information pack has been placed in the Investor Relations 
section of our website, www.ventivehospitality.com.  
 
Before we proceed, I'd like to highlight that the management may make certain statements that 
may constitute forward-looking statements. Please be advised that actual results may differ 
materially from these statements. Ventive Hospitality does not guarantee these statements or 
results and is not obligated to update them at any point of time. 
 
Specifically, any financial guidance and proforma information that we share on this call are 
management estimates based on certain assumptions and have not been subjected to audit, 
review, or examination procedures. Joining me today on the call are Ranjit Batra, Chief 
Executive Officer; Paresh Bafna, Chief Financial Officer; and Shoaib Shariff from the Investor 
Relations team. We will start off with brief remarks on our business and financial performance 
and then open the floor for Q&A. 
 
Over to you, Ranjit. 
Ranjit Batra:   
Good evening, and thank you all for making time to join us today. Let me begin with the external 
backdrop which shaped this quarter. The West Asia conflict was the single most important 
external variable for our Maldives portfolio, shipping disruptions through the Straits of Hormuz 
and pushing crude, jet fuel, and diesel prices sharply upwards for us. 
 
April, we saw the first disruption in Maldives inbound tourism and then recovered strongly 
through May and June, ensuring our Maldives revenue still grew by 5% year-on-year in the 
quarter. The more material effect was our cost base through a sharp rise in Maldives fuel cost, 
which I'll address shortly. 
 
Coming to India hospitality, in India, business delivered strong quarter yet again. Revenue grew 
13% to INR203 crores supported by resilient corporate demand, strong MICE activity, and 
premium leisure. This led our Pune, Bengaluru, and Goa assets to perform considerably well. 
India EBITDA grew 16% to INR74 crores. And most importantly, our India margin expanded 
36% from 35% even after absorbing higher power and wage costs during this quarter. 

 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
This reflects our operating leverage inherent in the portfolio. Pune in particular continues to 
validate our long-standing thesis. It's now India's fastest growing GCC hub and very little new 
or limited supply in hotels, which leaves our top-tier assets structurally well-placed on both rate 
and occupancy.  
I would also like to highlight the structural progress we're making on energy costs in India. 
Around 70% of electricity used by our Pune hotels portfolio already comes from green sources, 
which insulates us from tariff increase. We have now invested around INR60 crores in captive 
solar plant with battery storage for our Pune hotels targeting commissioning in Q4 FY27, which 
will raise our green energy contribution to around 85%. 
 
We expect this to reduce our Pune energy bill by close to 45%, a positive impact of 5% to 6% 
on India EBITDA with a payback of roughly 3 years. I'm proud of the team that structured this, 
and it has given me confidence and continued improvement of our India hospitality margins. 
In Maldives, revenue grew 5%, INR218 crores, a resilient outcome given the war-related 
cancellations early in the quarter and the sharp recovery that followed. The pressure this quarter 
was on costs, not on demand. EBITDA was INR32 crores, down 32%, almost entirely due to 
fuel. Diesel prices reached roughly 2.1x pre-war levels, driving a fuel and ancillary costs increase 
of around INR19 crores. At Raaya, we are increasing solar capacity, taking the resort to about 
80% solar with battery backup by April 2027, with further capacity being added at Conrad and 
Anantara. 
 
Together, we expect this to save us around $1.5 million a year, roughly 2.5 percentage of 
Maldives EBITDA and to protect the portfolio against exactly this kind of diesel shocks in the 
future. Raaya will be able to generate and operate around 17 hours of solar capacity and will be 
the first resort in Maldives to do so. 
 
Our annuity business remains steadily high margin backbone of the group. Revenue grew 3% to 
INR128 crores, with EBITDA broadly flat at INR111 crores at 87% margin and committed 
occupancy holding at 98%. This dependable cash flow is what allows us to keep investing 
through the cycles, and we recently added Narmada Estates in Pune, which will extend the base 
further. 
 
On growth, the markee addition this quarter, Sahyadri Hills, Wellness Estate, a Ritz-Carlton 
Reserve, the 10th in the world, set out at around 425 acres, roughly 2 to 3 hours from Mumbai 
and Pune and around 45 minutes from Alibaug. It's an 80-key wellness resort with 33 branded 
residences alongside, and it takes Ventive firmly into luxury wellness and branded residences, 
one of the fastest growing segments in global travel. 
 
We have acquired it 100% at an equity consideration of around INR281 crores and enterprise 
value of around INR466 crores, targeting a yield-on-cost above 12%. The acquisition completed 
in July with occupancy certificate already received. The branded residence sales are designed to 
release capital early and help us fund the build. And there's an embedded upside in the land bank 
with unused FSI. 

 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
Our wider pipeline of over 1,700 keys across 8 upcoming hotels remains on track. Our owned 
and developed projects, the AC by Marriott in Whitefield, Bengaluru, the Varanasi Marriott, the 
Ritz-Carlton Reserve in Pottuvil in Sri Lanka, and the Soho House, Delhi are progressing 
through construction towards completion between FY28 to FY30. 
 
Alongside these, our promoter group ROFO pipeline of 1,114 keys spanning JW Marriott, Navi 
Mumbai and 3 Moxy hotels gives us long-term visibility towards our ambition of 4,000-plus 
keys without near-term capital strain and with each addition, a clear path to double-digit 
stabilized returns. 
 
Looking ahead, we enter the rest of the year with confidence. In India, the structural demand 
story remains strong. In Maldives, the margin should recover as diesel price ease and our solar 
capacity comes online. Our annuity business continues to provide stability. Our priorities are 
unchanged, grow TRevPAR, grow RevPAR, widen margins through hands-on management, 
execute the pipeline with discipline, and pursue acquisitions only when the risk-return equation 
is right. 
 
With that, let me hand over to Paresh to take you through some of the financials and balance 
sheet in more detail. 
Paresh Bafna:  
Thank you. Thank you, Ranjit. Good evening, everyone. Before turning to the quarter's 
performance, a brief note on comparability. With the acquisitions completed in August 2024 
now fully annualized, both Q1 FY27 and Q1 FY26 are presented on a like-for-like reported 
basis. Accordingly, unlike previous quarters, a proforma comparison is no longer necessary. 
 
The only factors affecting comparability are the temporary closure of the Bengaluru property for 
renovation and the addition of Goa Hilton following its acquisition. The quarter marked a strong 
start to the year with consolidated revenue growing 7% year-on-year to INR554 crores, driven 
by healthy performance across our operating segments. 
 
Hospitality revenue increased 9% year-on-year to INR420 crores, continuing the strong 
momentum in our core business. Within this, the India portfolio delivered standout growth of 
13% year-on-year, reaching INR203 crores, supported by sustained improvements in both 
occupancy and average room rate, as Ranjit highlighted earlier.  
The Maldives portfolio contributed INR217 crores (correction: Maldives portfolio contribution 
was INR218 Crores)., reflecting a solid 5% growth over the prior year, despite being a quarter 
affected by geopolitical tensions. Our annuity business also delivered steady growth with 
revenue increasing 3% year-on-year to INR128 crores, demonstrating the resilience and stability 
of this segment. 
Overall, revenue growth during the quarter was broad-based, led by the continuous strength of 
the hospitality business, supported by the stable contribution from the annuity segment, 
displaying the quality and diversification of our portfolio. 

 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Consolidated EBITDA remained resilient during the quarter, with consolidated EBITDA at 
INR205 crores and a healthy margin of 37%. The year-on-year decline of approximately INR16 
crores was largely attributable to our Maldives operations; whereby geopolitical developments 
led to sharp increase in fuel costs. 
Our India business continued to perform strongly, delivering a 16% growth in EBITDA to 
INR74 crores, reflecting the strength of our operating platform and portfolio performance. Our 
higher EBITDA growth versus our revenue growth reflects our strong operating leverage in our 
Pune and Bengaluru hotels and the addition of Hilton Goa to our portfolio. 
Our same-store revenue grew by 10% year-on-year while our same-store EBITDA grew 15% 
year-on-year, which shows that our legacy portfolio is outperforming strongly. Our Maldives 
business was impacted this quarter with an EBITDA of INR32 crores, declining 32% year-on-
year. 
To put it into perspective, the decline in absolute terms of INR15 crores, which is 3% to 4% 
impact on our annual Maldives EBITDA. Fuel and other ancillary costs rose to INR38 crores 
from INR19 crores in the corresponding period last year, with fuel cost per liter doubling from 
pre-war levels during the peak war in April-May. 
We are already seeing the fuel costs recover in July by 26% from the peak war levels, and we 
are also confident of recovering this decline in our Q3 and Q4 peak seasons. This geographic 
cost headwind was not indicative of any broad-based deterioration in operating performance, as 
reflected by revenue growth. 
At an overall level, our hospitality EBITDA declined 4% year-on-year to INR106 crores, which 
shows the strength of our India portfolio, which was able to absorb the decline in Maldives to a 
significant extent. Our annuity EBITDA remained stable at INR111 crores, with an EBITDA 
margin of 87%. 
I will now explain the adjusted EBITDA numbers after normalizing both years for the identified 
one-off items and for the extent of fuel cost hike. On that basis, consolidated adjusted EBITDA 
was INR230 crores versus INR219 crores, a growth of around 5%. In our India business, we 
adjust Q1 FY '26 EBITDA for one-off electricity benefit received in Aloft ORR, Bengaluru 
overall last year. With this, our adjusted EBITDA growth would have been 18%. 
In Maldives, if we adjust the EBITDA for the one-time fuel and ancillary cost spike due to the 
West Asia war, , then it would have grown 10%. Our adjusted hospitality EBITDA would have 
grown 14% year-on-year. The higher diesel cost is a real external input pressure that we are 
structurally addressing through our solar program, which will future proof us from external 
future price volatility. 
Our annuity EBITDA was also affected by one-time transaction costs. Adjusting for that, the 
annuity EBITDA would have grown by 3% year-on-year with 90% EBITDA margin. Overall, 
the underlying operating performance of the business remains robust despite the temporary cost 
pressures in the Maldives. 

 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Our profit after tax for the quarter was INR124 crores on account of tax regime transition, which 
resulted in tax expense going down by INR102 crores. During the quarter, based on the 
assessment of expected future profitability and current tax liability, we have elected to transition 
from the old tax regime to the new tax regime. As a result, the applicable tax rate has reduced 
from 34.94% to 25.17%. In addition, the change in tax rate required the re-measurement of 
deferred tax assets and liability recognized in earlier periods. 
This resulted in a net reversal of deferred tax liabilities amounting to INR102 crores in the 
consolidated financial results. I'm pleased to report a continuous improvement in our debt 
profile, with the cost of funds for Indian portfolio reducing to 7.2%, while the cost of funds for 
our Maldivian asset declined to 6.1%, an improvement of 12 basis points over the previous 
quarter. 
As of 30th June 2026, total debt stood at INR2,095 crores, comprising INR1,329 crores linked 
to Indian assets and USD81 million, equivalent to INR766 crores, associated with our Maldives 
portfolio. Our balance sheet remains strong with a comfortable net debt position of INR1,514 
crores. 
A disciplined approach to capital management continues to enhance financial efficiency and 
provides flexibility to deploy capital towards strategic growth opportunities. Reflecting strong 
operating performance and stable annuity cash flows, our net debt to EBITDA ratio remains 
healthy at 1.2x. 
Our financial strength is further reinforced by credit ratings. Ventive retains its CRISIL 
AA/Stable rating, with key subsidiaries holding CRISIL AA+/Stable ratings. The group 
generated INR156 crores of operating cash. This reflects healthy underlying cash generation 
from operations. The operating cash was effectively deployed towards capex and acquisitions.  
Our strength is rooted in a diversified business model powered by three complementary growth 
engines: India hotels, Maldives resorts, and our high-margin annuity portfolio. With our strong 
balance sheet and diversified business model, Ventive will continue to deliver resilient financial 
performance, at the same time, remaining well-positioned to pursue growth opportunities, 
execute strategic investments focused on disciplined execution, prudent capital allocation, and 
creating enduring value for our stakeholders. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator 
Instructions] The first question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. Please proceed 
with your question. 
Kunal Lakhan:  
Yes. Hi, hi, team. Thanks for taking my question. My first question is on, despite the global 
situation, we did well in our India portfolio, particularly our RevPAR was up about 20%, driven 
by both occupancy as well as rates. 
Now, just wanted to understand like, what gave us this ability to drive such growth in both, 
especially in the rates in this seasonally soft quarter? And secondly, like, do you see any further 
headroom for growth on these in especially in your Pune portfolio? 

 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Ranjit Batra:   
Okay, I'll take that answer, that question. Ranjit here. Thanks so much, Kunal. Break the question 
into two parts. So, what actually drove our occupancy and ADR simultaneously? I think that is 
the key part here. As you know, Quarter 1 is actually seasonally one of the softer quarters, and 
we've shown really strong occupancy, RevPAR, and TRevPAR growth. 
Our occupancy grew to 67%, up about 7% is reflecting very, very strong demand both in Pune, 
Bengaluru, and Goa. Most importantly, the important point is we added occupancy and rate at 
the same time. I think that's something that's very unique. ADR also up about 8%, so that only 
happens when the demand is genuinely strong and the discounting is not really happening to fill 
rooms. So, this is what we did in our portfolio, Indian portfolio, resulting in a 20% RevPAR 
growth. 
To identify a few structural drivers behind it, I think one could be definitely our dominance of 
our Pune market where we have a very dominating situation, literally controlling the market with 
the addition of the International Convention Centre, JW Marriott combining with that. I think 
that could be one very big pillar for this. That of course creates some MICE business and 
weddings and conferences, and in effect fills in rooms as well with indirectly a lot of effect on 
F&B. 
Resilient corporate demand as Pune and Bengaluru micro markets anchored by IT manufacturing 
and BFSI still remain very, very resilient and favorable. I think our industry is still on the upcycle 
as a whole, hospitality industry. So, the demand supply gap is still there, and I think lastly would 
be the strong wedding and social calendar throughout the year. So, this is where we are. 
And to, I think the second question was about Pune pricing. So, I think like I said before, we 
literally control 65% of the luxury inventory in Pune. And the important point here is not only 
that we control the inventory in Pune, the most important point is that, there is no new supply 
announced in Pune, and we have a very clear runway at least 4 to 5 years. As you know, typically 
it takes a long time to make a hotel in luxury segment. 
So that is why I feel the pricing power in Pune will, is here to stay and strong. It's also our hotel 
occupancy directly linked to office stock expansion. I think what we have in data is around 45 
million square feet will be added in Pune by 2030, so this will feed into our hotel room nights to 
the existing 95 million square feet current office stock. So, in my view, this base scenario, we 
expect to add about 200 to 300 luxury and upper-upscale room nights on a daily basis, which 
would also mean about 7% to 8% occupancy increase.  
Over and above, Pune has about still a very strong presence of the GCC market, about 15% to 
20% of India's GCC market. That also is a big driving force, and it's here to stay in Pune. So that 
office demand fueled by the GCC with over I think 50% leasing in Pune now, I think that is also 
set to further accelerate. 
And lastly, I would like to conclude by giving some flavor on the infrastructure. I think we have 
some infrastructure development, the Missing Link, the proximity to Navi Mumbai Airport and 
the outer ring road, etcetera, I think that would also contribute to the Pune pricing. I hope I 
answered the question. 

 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Kunal Lakhan:  
Yes, yes, pretty much, yes. Follow-up on to that is, you know, considering all these tailwinds 
for the, for the Pune portfolio, and then the sustained demand in our other markets, where do 
you see the margins settling, right? You know, we already saw some improvement in this quarter 
for the India, in I'm talking about the India margins particularly. Where do you see those going? 
Ranjit Batra:   
Yes, like I said in the opening remarks, we are doing some margin improvements. Pune at this 
stage is probably the most expensive city in India when it comes to electricity per unit cost. So, 
with our capex of about INR60 crores with a 3-year payback, I think that itself will increase the 
margin to maybe translate into 4% to 5% increase in my view. So, the solar is a pivoting catalyst 
in our margin improvement. And this will happen in the first quarter next year. 
Kunal Lakhan:  
Yes, yes. My question was more so on the operating leverage side, right, with not so much on 
the cost side, more so on the operating leverage side with the, you know, uptick in the occupancy 
and ADR, potentially, yes. 
Ranjit Batra:   
So, there's inherent operating leverage that is coming anyway through our cost structure, which 
is there. On the demand side, what we've seen is that the operating leverage is coming through 
high occupancies. Quarter 1 jump of 7% occupancy is exceptional given that we've always had 
great growth in our rates. This time we've had a 7% in occupancy increase. I think that's a 
phenomenal jump in occupancy, and this is going to stabilize over some period in high 70s in 
my estimation. 
Apart from that, I think I'm seeing a very strong domestic demand offsetting some FTAs. That 
is also a very, very healthy move. Big new accounts are actually coming and helping and driving 
new business will further accelerate the margins. 
Kunal Lakhan:  
Understood. Understood. And my one last question on the international business side. I mean, 
you did articulate well in terms of like, you know, the impact of costs that we saw because of 
diesel and stuff. But if you can talk a little bit on the demand side, right, like how, how did 
demand play out for the Maldives business over say April, May, and June and then particularly 
how July has been and if you can give some direction for the rest of the year? 
Ranjit Batra:  
So, our commercial strategy, and I'm now talking purely Maldives, our commercial strategy 
continued, we shifted our focus. There was disruption as we all experienced it and more so in 
Maldives. The commercial strategy continued shifting to higher value supply and source 
markets. I think that is one thing. 
India demand increased actually, that's a good data point, from 6% to actually close to 9% for 
Maldives. And there was some shift in China business. China and Russia turned out to be one 
of the top performing countries giving huge double-digit occupancy growths for our resorts. And 
yes, that's that whole segment mix in Maldives continues to play out within retail, loyalty, and 
wholesale business, more on direct bookings is where the focus is. 
Kunal Lakhan:  
In July, are we back to double-digit growth in revenues or we're still? 

 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Ranjit Batra:   
July tourist arrivals have actually recovered to 2025 levels. And this is with only 27 disrupted 
flights. This indicates that travel disruption seems to be easing. This was compared to about what 
170-odd flights that were disrupted before. So, July arrivals have already recovered to, in short, 
to 2025 levels. 
Kunal Lakhan:  
Okay, okay. Understood. Thank you so much and all the very best. 
Ranjit Batra:   
Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vaibhav from Haitong India Securities. Please 
proceed. 
Vaibhav:  
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity, and congratulations on a good set of numbers, sir. My first 
question was on our acquisition of Kelzai Eco Reserves. We have mentioned in the presentation 
that we are targeting yield on capital of 12%. 
I wanted to understand, given we are funding this project  primarily via debt, where cost of debt 
will be somewhere around 7-8%, does that reduce our overall IRR in the near term and extends 
the payback period? And related to this, what is generally the criteria that we consider while 
acquiring a new property, including, you know, threshold IRR, etc.? That's my first question. 
Thank you. 
Paresh Bafna:  
Hi, Vaibhav. This is Paresh here. On the acquisition of Kelzai, as you are aware, , we're going 
to brand it with the Ritz-Carlton Reserve, so that itself brings value to the project. We are 
expecting, as you mentioned that everything is not going to be funded by debt. We are going to 
use a certain amount of internal accruals also for the construction and completion of the project. 
And we expect certain tourism incentive subsidies, capital to the tune of 15% to 20%. We are 
looking at, the resort being operational in 2 to around 2.5 years. whatever the cost that would be 
funded by way of debt, but it will be in a stage-wise manner, , everything would not be 
committed earlier, and the funds will be taken as required. 
Vaibhav:  
Understood, sir. And regarding the general threshold or criteria for considering an acquisition, 
what are those? And regarding the Kelzai Eco Reserves again, what will be the total land that 
will be utilized now for the 80 odd keys that we are planning for a wellness resort and the sale 
of branded residences, so if you can provide more color on that? 
Ranjit Batra:   
So, the total land is around 420 like I already said, but… 
Vaibhav:  
Yes, I can hear you now. 
Moderator:  
Yes, sir. 
Ranjit Batra:   
Okay. Okay, just to give you a perspective, I think this land cannot be looked in isolation as a 
green.... 
Vaibhav: 
I think I lost you. 

 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Ranjit Batra:  
Yes. Okay, I don't know how much I said and how much you heard, but I'll repeat it. There's 
some problem, it's going on auto-mute. Vaibhav, can you hear me? 
Vaibhav: 
Yes, I can hear you, sir, now. 
Ranjit Batra:  
Okay. Just to give you a perspective, I think I have to go back to little bit of history of the land. 
This is a fairly big chunk of land, not easy to accumulate. This land was actually conceptualized 
by the Khanna family, who actually are the owners of the Ananda Hotel in Rishikesh, Ananda 
Wellness, probably the first wellness resort in India. At that time, conceptualized with the 
Mandarin Oriental Group. So, when we have actually acquired this asset, it comes with very 
strong inherent positives. 
One of them being that the completion certificate is already there, and the 80-key structure is 
already complete. So that itself is a huge plus. The 80-key structure will be on 72 acres, to answer 
your question, and balance 33 villas will be for sale. That itself will be around 69 acres. So, you 
see that these are very generous, well-laid out villas, designed for exclusivity, and a lot of 
privacy. So that is the inherent plus side of having a big land bank, so we're not actually trying 
to maximize FSI or do over construction there. Balance land will be in phase 2, and we'll see 
after phase 1 what we have to do. 
Paresh Bafna: 
Just adding to what Ranjit said even the sale of villas will also get, bring down our cost of 
acquisition, which will further increase our YOC over the years. 
Vaibhav: 
Understood, sir. Perfectly clear. My second question was on our Maldives business. We have 
seen a slightly lower revenue growth, but EBITDA performance has been EBITDA decline has 
been quite significant. You have mentioned in the presentation it's because of the diesel cost 
spike. 
Can you bifurcate this in terms of how much was because of the diesel cost increase, and how 
much because of the operating performance? And related to that, what will be the margin outlook 
for Maldives for FY27? 
Ranjit Batra:  
Okay. Yes, I think I tried to explain it in opening speech, but I will give the more details as 
requested. For us as Ventive Maldives has always been a very, very resilient market, and that's 
why we are there, and I think this quarter, we grew at 4.9% in revenue, almost 5%, and this 
portfolio for us has only compounded in both revenue and EBITDA in all the past six quarters, 
and that too in double-digits. So that's important to give you a little bit of the flavor. This quarter, 
our EBITDA fell, yes, by 15% (correction: EBITDA decline was 32%). 
The fuel bill actually rose by INR17 crores over the same period and INR2 crores in indirect 
impact, so total is about INR19 crores, and the entire EBITDA decline was because of the diesel 
rates. So, in price terms, the diesel price doubled in April and May, peak, versus the pre-war 
level. So, I think thanks to our cluster procurement, since we have three resorts, we have some 
cluster advantages, our diesel price was still 20% below spot market, but this is the only quarter 
where we've run into a one-off, in my view it's definitely a one-off impact, purely due to external 
factors. 

 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Inherent revenue has still been growing. Our occupancies have also been strong. I think this 
conflict is very, very unfortunate, and crude oil prices did spike, no denial. We saw the impact; 
we braced the impact. Our Maldives resorts are hugely dependent on energy. So, luckily this 
happened in a weak quarter. But I could look at it in a different way. So, if we strip the diesel 
spike, suppose this spike didn't happen, what would be the numbers? 
So, if we look at the cost of Maldives EBITDA, it would have grown by 10% versus the -32% 
EBITDA decline in a non-peak quarter under war conditions. So, this is the numbers I think you 
were looking for and I hope I was able to answer. Q3 recovery and Q4 recovery, will, I'm pretty 
sure, offset the Q1 and Q2 one-off impact. 
Vaibhav: 
Perfect, sir. Clearly understood. Just lastly on the Goa resort that we acquired, the Hilton 
property, how has been the initial performance after the acquisition? How is it trending in terms 
of the overall IRRs versus the expectation, and what is the outlook going forward? And the 
brownfield expansion that you have mentioned of around 50 keys, when does that start and the 
related capex for it? That's it from my side. 
Ranjit Batra:  
So, the 104-keys Goa is showing encouraging signs of occupancy and both revenue growth after 
Ventive has actually taken over. What we're doing is actually without disrupting operations, we 
are doing the entire -- we don't give unit-level numbers, but I'll still give you enough data so that 
you can see what's happening there. We are, we are doing our planning, commissioning, 
designing everything for the extension of that 50 rooms-plus, which will happen, and the existing 
rooms that need to be refurbed and rebranded. So that is happening. 
Apart from that, there is Sol De Goa, which is a 21-boutique hotel in Nerul, that is also under 
planning, and the Saipem Hills land, that is also under planning. All set to be delivered with 
refurbishment and rebranding in FY29, somewhere around FY29-FY30. 
Vaibhav: 
Thank you for the detailed answers, sir, and all the best. 
Ranjit Batra:  
Yes. And I think by doing all this, we are definitely looking at conservatively doubling our 
EBITDA after doing all this. 
Vaibhav: 
Great, sir. 
Ranjit Batra:  
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. Please proceed with 
your question. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Yes. Hi, Ranjit. My question is for Maldives. We have seen a significant impact of diesel price 
hikes. So, what are the key initiatives we have taken during the quarter to protect the margin, 
and how is this initiative  going for the future? Is it going to  negate whatever the increase we 
have in the diesel prices, and for that, is  the margin is going to improve in FY27 -- Q2 FY27 or 
FY28? 

 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Ranjit Batra:  
Thanks, Sumant. Yes, I mean, the fundamentals of Maldives still remain. This is a one-off war 
situation with spike of diesel price. I think the uniqueness of the one island, one resort story, 
blue water, white sand, that's not going anywhere. The connectivity that Maldives enjoys, global 
connectivity, global distribution. I think it still has the top leisure destination as a global resort 
player. 
This is not going anywhere. So that is my view. Please treat this as a one-off diesel price increase 
leading to margin decline. We have seen over a period, Sumant, whether it was the 2008 financial 
crisis or COVID or even this war, I think the Maldives has always bounced back and is super-
resilient. So please take that as a very encouraging data. 
we are, I think, confident on recovering on our current levels. The diesel and war-situation are 
beyond our control. But the controllable levers are all working. The Q3 and Q4 are the high 
seasons typically, and the business looks very, very strong on our books. They will be revenge 
traveling. There is always inherent bookings that come up. 
In leisure markets, what we've also seen is that the demand recovers faster and is least affected, 
and that too in the luxury segment. That's where our uber-luxury resorts, Conrad and Anantara, 
have already, what we've seen the data, outperformed the market. So, yes, the business on books 
is good. The INR15 crores impact will be negated  in Q3 and Q4. And Raaya also has performed 
as per what we expected. 
The good news here to mitigate EBITDA margin, what you asked, is our solar program. The 
what we've taken is we've taken steps to mitigate this diesel cost impact in the future by 
commissioning a one-off solar capacity along with batteries in all our three resorts, but more so 
in Raaya. So, you'll see the results from FY28. 
The solar program, Raaya will be moving to about 80% of solar by April 2027. So, 1.2 
megawatts will go up to almost 5 megawatts with additional capacity also in Conrad and 
Anantara. This will in absolute number, if I had to answer your question, will be about USD1.5 
million saving every year, roughly about 2.5% of Maldives EBITDA without any upfront capex. 
So, our resorts will be future-proof portfolio, exactly for these kind of diesel shocks. I hope I 
was able to answer your question. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Yes, Ranjit. Thank you so much. 
Ranjit Batra:  
Also, I forgot to tell you, Raaya, once we put in the solar, will be the one of the first resorts in 
Maldives which will run without generators for 17 hours a day. This will be the first one in 
Maldives in my view. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anuj Upadhyay from Investec. Please proceed 
with your question. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Hey, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I just want to check on your Sri Lankan property. I guess 
that the commissioning has been delayed by 2 or 3 years. In our previous presentations, the 

 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
timeline was mentioned as FY28 end, the current one it mentions around FY31. Just want to get 
a sense what's actually happening out there. 
Ranjit Batra:  
So, yes, this is the announced plan of 73 villas in Arugam Bay. It is a Ritz-Carlton Reserve, the 
second one in our portfolio. I will answer your question, but I want to give you perspective. Ritz-
Carlton Reserve is only the 10th in the world. It's a unique property. What we are stuck right 
now is little bit on the front of permissions, because there's environmental sensitivity since we 
have about 1.5 Acres (correction: 1.5 kilometers) of shoreline, and one side is the Yala National 
Park. I think we are just on the verge of getting the completions and all the formalities past us. 
Once they are done, I think the targeted timeline is around FY30. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Okay, okay. And quickly on Maldives again, so we understand that Q1 had an issue. Just want 
to get how things are moving in July, and the early inquiries of August, have are these in line 
with Q1 or slightly better? 
Ranjit Batra:  
It's bit early for me to say. Like I said, our KPIs have been in place in Q1 also, both our 
occupancies and rates. It's just that the EBITDA has taken a hit because of diesel cost. I continue 
seeing occupancy being quite strong in this quarter as well. I can't tell you anything about the 
EBITDA margin at this stage. It'll all depend on the war situation. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Fine, fair. That's it from my side. 
Ranjit Batra:  
But business on books is strong. What I can tell you is my quarter 3 and quarter 4 is looking 
extremely strong. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Fine, sir. That's helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the participants. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ranjit Batra for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Ranjit Batra:  
So thank you for all the questions. To summarize, Q1 showed real underlying resilience. The 
reported EBITDA decline was almost entirely a fuel-driven cost event. This is definitely not a 
loss in momentum for Maldives. India delivered a strong occupancy and rate-led quarter. 
Maldives held revenue share against a softer market and annuity business stayed stable and with 
high margins. 
Our solar program in both India and Maldives will address the negative impact from power and 
diesel pricing volatility starting next calendar year. Alongside this, the Ritz-Carlton Reserve, 
Sahyadri Hills adds a marquee wellness resort and branded residence opportunity. Our pipeline 
remains on track, and our balance sheet gives us the flexibility to fund this growth through 
internal accruals. 
I want to thank our team across India and Maldives, and our corporate office, and our operating 
partner, and all of you on the call for your continued support. We look forward to speaking to 
you again next quarter. Thank you once again, and have a nice evening. 

 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Ventive Hospitality, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
