 
 
GMM/SEC/2026-27/33 
August 13, 2026 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
NSE Limited 
Scrip Code: 505255 
 
 
 
Symbol: GMMPFAUDLR 
 
Sub.: Earnings Call Q1 FY27 – Transcript 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed the transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, conducted on 
August 6, 2026, for your information and records. 
 
The above information is also being made available on the website of the Company at 
www.gmmpfaudler.com. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For GMM Pfaudler Limited 
  
  
 
 
 
Mittal Mehta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
FCS. No. 7848 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
MITTAL 
KARTIK 
MEHTA
Digitally signed by 
MITTAL KARTIK 
MEHTA 
Date: 2026.08.13 
17:21:10 +05'30'

Page 1 of 27 
 
 
 
 
“GMM Pfaudler Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 06, 2026 
MANAGEMENT:  
• MR. TARAK PATEL – MANAGING DIRECTOR, GMM PFAUDLER 
LIMITED 
 
• MR. GREGORY GELHAUS – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
GMM PFAUDLER LIMITED 
 
• MR. ALEXANDER POEMPNER – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
GMM PFAUDLER LIMITED 
 
• MR. ANKIT NAYYAR – DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, GMM 
PFAUDLER LIMITED 
 
• MS. MITTAL MEHTA- COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE 
OFFICER 
 
• MR. RAVEEN KANABAR – SENIOR MANAGER FINANCE & 
ACCOUNTS, GMM PFAUDLER LIMITED 
 
• SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS – GMM PFAUDLER LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 27 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call for GMM Pfaudler Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Raveen Kanabar from GMM Pfaudler 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Raveen Kanabar: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, Ladies and Gentlemen. A very warm welcome to 
all of you to the Q1 FY27 Earnings Call of GMM Pfaudler Limited.  
The earnings presentation was uploaded on the stock exchanges yesterday 
and is also available on our website. Hope all of you had a chance to go 
through it. 
 
From the management today, we have with us our Managing Director Mr. 
Tarak Patel, our Group CEO Mr. Gregory Gelhaus, our Group CFO Mr. 
Alexander Poempner, our Deputy CFO Mr. Ankit Nayyar, our Company 
Secretary Ms. Mittal Mehta.  
We will give you a “Brief overview of the performance of the Company”, after 
which we will get into the “Q&A”. 
 
Before we begin with the overview, a brief disclaimer. The presentation which 
was uploaded on the stock exchanges and also on our website, including our 
call discussions that will happen now, contains or may have certain forward-
looking statements regarding our business prospects and profitability, which 
are subject to several risks and uncertainties. Actual results could materially 
differ from those in such forward-looking statements. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Tarak Patel to provide you with a brief 
overview of the performance of the company. Over to you, Tarak. 
 
 
 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 27 
 
Tarak Patel: 
Thank you, Raveen. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us 
today to discuss our financial performance for the June quarter ended and 
equally important the strategic transformation that is underway across our 
organization. The past few years have been defining for GMM Pfaudler, we 
successfully transformed ourselves from being a leading Indian engineering 
company into one of the world's largest process equipment platforms through 
the acquisition of the global Pfaudler business and a series of complementary 
technology acquisitions. 
 
With that foundation firmly established, we are now entering the next phase of 
our journey. This phase is about GMM Pfaudler taking a decisive step in its 
growth journey by evolving into a single globally integrated organization. Our 
customers operate worldwide and increasingly expect the same advanced 
technology, consistent quality, and prompt, reliable support wherever they are 
located. 
 
To meet their expectations and accelerate our ambitions, we are organizing 
our business into four distinct global divisions, each with a clear accountability 
and a sharp focus on the industries that they serve. Over the last year, we have 
undertaken one of the most significant organizational transformations in our 
history. Historically our businesses operate through geographical structures, 
with India and International businesses functioning independently. While this 
approach was appropriate immediately after the acquisition, as it allowed the 
business to stabilize and preserve customer relationships to continue, it was 
never intended to be the long-term operating model. 
 
Today we have evolved beyond that stage. We have reorganized the company 
into four distinct global divisions replacing the traditional geographic structure. 
These divisions are CRT- Corrosion Resistance Technologies, PPT- Process 
Performance Technologies, HET- Heavy Engineering Technologies, PST- 
Process Systems Technologies. 
 
Each division now operates globally under dedicated leadership, with clear 
accountability for technology development, product strategy, customer 
engagement, and operational excellence. This is far more than an 
organizational change. 
 
 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 27 
 
 
It represents a fundamental shift in the way we go to market. Instead of 
managing similar businesses independently across the different regions, we 
are now bringing together global expertise under one technology platform. This 
enables us to leverage engineering knowledge across geographies, accelerate 
product innovation, improve customer responsiveness, strengthen cross-
selling opportunities, and allocate capital more effectively. 
 
Most importantly, it creates a single global organization with common 
objectives rather than multiple regional organizations pursuing independent 
priorities. As I said earlier, our customers increasingly operate globally, they 
expect partners who can provide consistent technology solutions across 
markets. 
Our new operating model positions us much better to meet these expectations. 
The journey will take time, but we believe it creates a much stronger foundation 
for sustainable long-term value creation. It also helps our capital market 
stakeholders to better monitor the underlying business drivers across each of 
our business divisions, providing greater clarity on our overall business. 
In line with this vision, we have further strengthened our leadership team by 
establishing clearly defined roles and responsibilities across our business. Mr. 
Gregory Gelhaus has been appointed as Group Chief Executive Officer and 
will lead the cultural and organizational transformation required to build a truly 
global organization. 
This leadership structure will help institutionalize a global mindset, strengthen 
accountability, and align performance across the organization. It will also 
enable us to build a robust leadership pipeline, establish effective succession 
planning, and create global centers of excellence supported by shared service 
capabilities. 
Ultimately, our strategy is to establish leadership across our process 
technology businesses, expanding customer relationships through broader 
portfolio and driving operational excellence across each division. By 
capitalizing on growth opportunities more effectively with unified global 
organization, we expect to deliver sustainable, profitable and create long-term 
value for all our stakeholders. 
 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 27 
 
The new global structure allows each division to focus on its own strategic 
priorities while unlocking meaningful value across the group. As we move 
forward, you should increasingly view the company not as a geographically 
managed organization, but as a global technology company with integrated 
capabilities, deep domain expertise, and a clear roadmap for long-term value 
creation. With that, let me now hand over the call to Greg. 
Gregory Gelhaus: 
Thanks, Tarak. As Tarak rightly mentioned, this is a transformational year for 
GMM. With the four new divisions, our focus is to bring the full strength of each 
technology to every market. Deepen relationships with existing customers and 
winning new ones, diversify and expand beyond traditional chemical and 
pharmaceutical markets, and enter a broader range of high-growth end 
markets. 
With this new structure, decisions are made once and globally. We respond 
more quickly with the same high standard delivery wherever customers 
operate. Our focus also remains on cost, whereby each vertical rationalizes its 
cost structure and global footprint to drive lasting efficiencies and even more  
competitive cost base. Hence, we see this as a very positive change and I look 
forward to driving our progress in the months and years ahead. 
I would like to touch upon our quarterly performance.  
We closed the quarter with a record order backlog of INR 2,289 crores 
representing an increase of approximately 20% year on year, supported by a 
healthy order intake of over INR 1,007 crores during the quarter. 
It is important to view this backlog in the right context. Nearly 30% of the order 
intake in Q1 last year comprised of multi-year projects, whereas the current 
order book is largely made up of projects with execution cycles of 10 months 
to 12 months. As a result, a substantial portion of both our operating backlog 
and the order secured this quarter is expected to be executed within FY27, 
providing strong revenue visibility and confidence in our execution outlook. 
Now let me take you through our division-wise performance.  
CRT, (Corrosion Resistance Technologies): Our CRT division reported 
revenues of INR 466 crores representing a growth of 10% year-on-year. Order 
intake during the quarter stood at INR 502 crores, representing a growth of 
23% year-on-year. 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 27 
 
CRT continues to maintain its leadership position as the global process 
equipment with the industry's largest installed base. The business also benefits 
from a large aftermarket and service franchise providing recurring revenues 
and healthy customer engagement. Demand from the core pharmaceutical and 
chemical industries remains stable during the quarter.  
Now for PPT (Process Performance Technologies): The division reported 
revenue of INR 255 crores growing 23% year-on-year. 
 Order intake stood at INR 367 crores, growing 64% year-on-year. 
PPT represents our global platform across mixing, filtration, and drying, and 
sealing technologies. The division continues to benefit from expanding 
customer adoption across pharmaceuticals, food and beverage, and other 
process industries, while growing capabilities continue to strengthen our 
market positioning. 
HET (Heavy Engineering Technologies): The HET division reported revenue 
of INR 74 crores which is flat year-on-year. Order intake during the quarter 
stood at INR 58 crores which is increasing more than 700% year-on-year. 
HET continues to establish its position in manufacturing large critical process 
equipment catering to energy, petrochemical, and industrial applications. We 
also remain well-positioned to benefit from the increasing investments across 
defence, nuclear, fertilizer, and other infrastructure-led sectors over the 
medium term. 
Now PST (Process System Technologies): Our PST division reported revenue 
of INR 131 crores registering a growth of 46% year-on-year. Order intake 
during the quarter stood at INR 80 crores, whereas the order intake for Q1 
FY26 was INR 363 crores, which was represented by one large defence order. 
The division focuses on engineered process systems and skids for high-
specification applications. It continues to benefit from opportunities across 
semiconductor manufacturing, defence, and pharmaceutical sectors where 
customers increasingly seek integrated process solutions. 
 
 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 27 
 
To sum up, GMM is entering a fundamentally different phase of its journey. 
The last few years were about building a global platform. The next few years 
will be about extracting greater value from that platform. We believe that our 
new technology-led organization, disciplined balance sheet approach, and 
focus on earnings quality will position GMM Pfaudler for stronger and more 
sustainable value creation in the years ahead.  
With this let me invite Alex, our group CFO, to take you through our financial 
performance. 
Alexander Poempner: Thank you, Greg. Good afternoon everyone. As highlighted by Tarak and Greg, 
this quarter marks an important milestone in our reporting journey. In line with 
our new organization structure, we are presenting the business through our 
four global technology divisions. This reporting framework better reflects how 
we manage the business internally and provides investors with improved 
transparency into the underlying performance of each technology platform. 
Coming to our consolidated financial performance. During the quarter, the 
company recorded a total order intake of INR 1,007 crores, which is flat year-
on-year. Consolidated revenue for the quarter stood at INR 925 crores, 
registering a growth of 16% on a year-on-year basis. EBITDA for the quarter 
stood at INR 94 crores. 
On a year-on-year basis, EBITDA was lower by 7%, primarily reflecting 
continued pricing pressure in a revolving business mix and investments 
towards strengthening our global organization structure. However, on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis, EBITDA improved by 25%.  
Profit after tax for the quarter stood at INR 22 crores, which more than doubled 
year-on-year. Our consolidated order backlog stood at INR 2,289 crores, 
increasing 20% year-on-year and 4% quarter-on-quarter, providing healthy 
revenue visibility for the coming quarters. 
We have realized that while there is confidence in our long-term strategy, many 
of you would like to get greater clarity on how the acquisitions made over the 
past few years are translating into shareholder value. Therefore, I would like to 
address some of these questions today.  
On acquisitions, we look at our group structure today, there are multiple 
acquisitions done across different countries and technologies and naturally it 
is viewed as the organization has become too complex. 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 27 
 
I would like to reassure everyone that these acquisitions were never 
undertaken simply to increase the scale or size of the company. Each 
acquisition was made with a clearly defined strategic objective - either to add 
a new technology, expand into an adjacent process solution, strengthen our 
engineering capabilities, or provide access to new industries and customers.  
Collectively, these acquisitions have transformed us from a predominantly 
glass-lined equipment company into a diversified global process technologies 
platform.  
More importantly, the acquisition phase is now largely behind us. Our focus 
has shifted to integrate these businesses. The organizational restructuring that 
we announced is the direct outcome of this transition. Instead of operating 
acquired businesses independently or through regional structures, we have 
reorganized ourselves into four global technology divisions. 
This allows every technology worldwide to operate under one leadership team, 
creating significantly greater accountability, technology focus, and customer 
alignment. The objective is straightforward: one technology, one strategy, one 
global organization. This is how we intend to unlock the full value of our 
acquisitions. 
Regarding integration and synergies, another important question we receive is 
whether the acquisitions are actually creating synergies. Immediately after 
acquiring the global Pfaudler business, our priority was business continuity. 
During that period, we intentionally allowed regional organizations to continue 
operating independently while preserving customer relationships, leadership 
teams, and operational stability. 
Now that integration has matured, we are entering the next phase. Our new 
organization enables us to leverage common engineering expertise across 
regions, 
improve 
cross-selling 
between 
technologies, 
align 
product 
development globally, and optimize manufacturing resources. This is where 
we expect integration benefits to increasingly emerge over the coming years. 
Our focus is on integrating these technologies, customers, and capabilities.  
Another question was with regard to our debt structure and therefore to have 
sought greater clarity on our balance sheet. The acquisition of the Global 
Pfaudler business was transformational in nature and required leverage. 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 27 
 
However, our capital allocation philosophy has always remained disciplined. 
Over the last few years, we have consistently worked towards reducing 
leverage while continuing to invest selectively in high-return businesses and 
strategic capabilities. Importantly, many of our subsequent acquisitions have 
been relatively small, technology-driven transactions rather than large 
transformational acquisitions. 
These acquisitions have largely been funded through internal accruals and 
prudent financing structures while maintaining balance sheet discipline.  
Going forward, our priorities remain clear: continue strengthening the balance 
sheet, improve cash generation, maintain disciplined capital allocation, and 
pursue only high-strategic opportunities that strengthen our technology 
portfolio. Growth and financial prudence will continue to go hand-in-hand. 
As we mentioned in our previous earnings call, we intend to repay some debt 
at the group level and will repay an amount of approximately EUR 7 million of 
debt by the end of Q2 in this financial year. With many of our large strategic 
acquisitions now behind us, our focus is to strengthen the balance sheet. Our 
improving cash generation and disciplined working capital management are 
expected to adequately support our operating requirements while enabling 
faster deleveraging. At the same time, we are also evaluating refinancing 
opportunities to optimize our borrowing costs and debt maturity profile. 
Overall, we believe we are moving in the right direction and expect to see a 
gradual but meaningful improvement in our leverage metrics over the coming 
quarters.  
Another important question we get is EBIT benefits translated or flowing down 
to the PAT level. This is an area where we widely expect improvement. 
Following the acquisition of the global business, we inherited a large 
international organizational structure comprising multiple legal entities across 
several countries. While this structure provided global reach, it also resulted in 
additional financing costs, overlapping administrative structures, into more 
complex tax and corporate framework. As a result, the conversion from EBIT 
to PAT has not reflected the full operating strength of the business.  
 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 27 
 
Addressing this has become one of our key management priorities. We are 
already simplifying our global structure, rationalizing legal entities where 
appropriate, streamlining reporting lines, and optimizing the corporate 
architecture. These initiatives are expected to improve financial efficiency over 
time by improving our structure and enhancing EBIT to PAT conversion.  
This is not a one-quarter initiative. It is a multi-quarter value creation program 
that will strengthen the quality of our earnings. 
Overall, while certain end markets continue to remain dynamic, our diversified 
technology portfolio, balanced order book, and strong global presence 
positions us well to capture future growth opportunities. As our integration 
initiatives continue to progress, we remain focused on improving operational 
efficiency, strengthening the cash generation, and enhancing the overall 
quality of earnings. 
 With that, I would like to hand over to Raveen. 
Raveen Kanabar:  
Thank you, Alex. Moderator, you may now open the lines for the questions. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Sameer Thakur with Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sameer Thakur:  
Hi, thanks. So, my first question is, are there any signs of recovery in traditional 
end markets like chemical and pharma. And has competitive intensity begun 
to ease over here? Also, if you can comment on regional commentary by end 
markets, that would be useful. Thank you. 
Tarak Patel:  
Yes, hi. So yes, so in our traditional markets in India, outside India, and maybe 
Greg can speak a little bit about the international business, but we do see a 
significant improvement in the pharma business here in India. So, we are 
seeing a lot of action in pharma in Hyderabad, CDMO so that's driving a lot of 
investments and that's helping us build backlog in our local Indian glass-lined 
business. 
And we expect also that this will continue, so definitely compared to about 12 
months ago, there is a positive shift in terms of the glass-lined business here 
in India and see more inquiries, more opportunities, and faster kind of 
conversion from opportunities to actual orders. So Q1 was strong and Q2 also 
looks strong from a glass-lined perspective. 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 27 
 
Talking now about the initial impact on our CRT business obviously and from 
a PPT perspective which also caters to our traditional markets where we have 
our business with filtration, mixing, membrane separation, and sealing, those 
are also linked to our pharmaceuticals here in India. So, there we are seeing a 
lot of positive traction as well. So, pharma is doing quite well. Chemicals 
unfortunately in India has still remained flat. There are a few projects here and 
there but nothing significant structurally has changed over the last few years. 
However, we do hear that volumes are back for most of our clients and 
customers and obviously that would maybe lead to more investment in the next 
few quarters. So, from an India perspective, our traditional markets are 
definitely better off right now than they were about 12-months ago. Greg over 
to you for the international market. 
Gregory Gelhaus:  
Thanks, Tarak. So international, I think it's a similar trend to what you've heard 
from Tarak, similar situation. We see from the pharma sector internationally, it 
is, we do see a number of opportunities, it is improving there and we see that 
both particularly when we look at Europe and in Americas. So again as Tarak 
said that's our traditional glass-lined business, but also our PPT division where 
we see definitely improved opportunities in the pharmaceutical sector. 
I think chemicals is the same as what you heard in India. Chemicals remains 
a challenge. There, we don't see a strong change in this quarter that we just 
finished, particularly in Europe, it remains very challenging from the chemical 
sector. So, I would say all in all, the, what you've heard from Tarak and myself 
in terms of pharmaceuticals consistent globally as well as in the chemical 
sector. 
Sameer Thakur:  
Okay, thank you. That's helpful. I have one more question. I think there is some 
decline in margins for Indian business, the standalone business. So, any 
reason for that and how should we think about it going forward? 
Tarak Patel:  
Yes, so looking at the India business and maybe I have Ankit also step in a 
little bit here. Here we have obviously a very large component of growth which 
has come from our HET business. As you know, our HET business is an India-
led business. It caters to oil and gas, petrochemicals and now we have 
obviously broken into nuclear and are getting into power sector as well. 
 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 27 
 
So a lot of growth opportunities with a strong backlog and an even stronger 
opportunity pipeline which we believe will help us obviously build backlog for 
the next few quarters and maybe even years. So that's a strong area of growth 
for us and obviously that comes with large projects and again there the strategy 
has been to obviously get into certain kind of industry, create the PTRs. 
We have recently been approved by EIL for Duplex, Super Duplex and even 
air-cooled heat exchangers. We have recently broken into power. Last year  
we broke into the nuclear segment and obviously nuclear, power, fertilizer, all 
segments that we're going to grow. 
On top of that, HET also caters to the Middle East market, which is the oil and 
gas Middle East market, and we have seen some traction there as well with 
some of these geographies are reordering after obviously the recent kind of 
events there. So, we have seen orders coming from Abu Dhabi and some other 
areas of the Middle East. 
So that business is a fast-growing business, but again that business is also 
maybe a slightly different in terms of the processes, margins profile and how 
long it takes. So, you will see some kind of I would say a change when the 
product mix in India changes between the three businesses. 
However, having said that, I think the improvement program in terms of 
margins across all our businesses out of India is ongoing. Obviously, the idea 
is to bring it back to a stable level with the market improving, pricing is also 
improve. So, we see with better utilization, with better revenue, we will see 
some of this getting absorbed. 
So, all in all, with the backlog that we have, the order book that we had in Q1 
and also some of the order book that has come in Q2, we are quite confident 
that India is going to be on a strong path of growth, so I think that will continue 
and I think, obviously recovery of margins is, expected and will improve in over 
the next few quarters. 
Ankit Nayyar:  
Yes, just in addition to what Tarak mentioned, we are also investing in costs. 
As you would have heard, we have invested into the new organization, so we 
are investing in people and that's why you see a dip in margins, but these are 
good investments happening for the future, so you will see an upward trend 
going forward. 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 27 
 
Sameer Thakur: 
Okay, thank you. So, we should expect sequential improvement, further 
improvement in margins going forward. That's right. 
Tarak Patel:  
What we said in outlook, and we kind of mentioned, we don't want to specify 
anything right now in terms of what is the final expectation, but obviously 
compared to previous year we definitely expect improvement across all our 
businesses and we're working hard to bring down costs and improve margins. 
Sameer Thakur:  
Okay, thank you. That's helpful. If I can squeeze in one more, just obviously 
this organizational structure, this is a very good step. But if you can just explain 
what were the bottlenecks before this change, any examples of that that would 
be helpful. 
Tarak Patel:  
So, I think, maybe we'll take both of them. I will speak maybe from the past. I 
think the regional structure prevented maybe businesses to work together and 
work closer together. People were incentivized off the regional numbers and 
regional kind of targets. Today, the entire vertical has the same targets, so 
every single person in that vertical, let's say for CRT, if that person is sitting in 
the U.S., in Europe or in India, they have the same target for profitability. 
So, it is in everybody's best interest, everybody is clear and aligned in terms of 
what their KPIs are exactly, the KPIs. So common KPIs, so everybody's aligned 
and if in that, they want to extract maximum value, they will then think of 
opportunities like export or buying stuff from India from low-cost countries, 
putting together multiple different options in terms of our clients to win more 
business. 
So, the drive and the incentive program now aligns everybody within the 
decision and that I think is going to be a big change while geographically they 
were all kind of independent entities and were more kind of based on local 
geographic kind of KPIs rather than global KPIs. And Greg? 
Gregory Gelhaus: 
Yes, maybe to add to that, I think what we see now in the new structure is as 
Tarak said, we have a globally aligned team by technology division which 
enables as was addressed in the beginning remarks faster decision making, 
but also as Tarak said, aligned around KPIs and strategic priorities for the 
division. 
 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 27 
 
So, as we move forward, as our customers are demanding as we said in our 
opening remarks, they want us to be able to serve them anywhere around the 
world and we are better able to do that now, quicker and more efficiently in the 
new structure. So that's a difference from the organizational setup in the past 
and we believe it's going to help us significantly moving forward. 
Tarak Patel:  
And just one more point to this is that we have brought in also the right talent 
to run these verticals, so some have been internal, some have been external. 
In the case of HET obviously the strategy of a heavy engineering vertical is 
very different from our glass-lined CRT vertical. 
So, this allows verticals to really focus on their own strategies, their own kind 
of operational excellence, everybody's will not be caged under the same brush. 
So, it gives verticals enough of opportunity to create and build their own 
strategy. And I think that's very, very important. So, I think that's an additional 
benefit of this organizational change that we have done. 
Sameer Thakur:  
Okay, thank you very much. That was very helpful. That was all from my side. 
All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants in the interest of time and fairness to others, please 
restrict yourselves to two questions. For any more questions, you may rejoin 
the queue. The next question comes from the line of Praveen Kumar with 
Acuitas Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 
 
Praveen Kumar:  
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a decent set of 
numbers and more importantly for taking first steps to improve the disclosures, 
good on that part. Had a couple of questions. One was on the, if you can give 
us some clarity on the margin profile and the ROCEs of these four divisions 
which you've broken it down into. And also associated with that, if you could 
give us a sense of which of these segments do you think are closer to steady-
state margins today and which are kind of away from that. 
And also if you can give us some sense of how do we track that, the divisions 
which are away from that steady-state aspirational margins, how do we keep 
a track of when they are closer to that, what is their aspirational margin on 
those? Thank you. That's my first question. 
 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 27 
 
Tarak Patel:  
So, I think on a margin perspective, let me obviously as a company, we 
obviously have always said like a 15% EBITDA margin for the company is 
something that we aspire towards. That should be something in our business 
and our kind of area where we operate and the technologies we have, that's 
something that we should have, and then obviously we build from there. 
So currently the businesses and the verticals that now we have created, 
somewhat kind of have along that kind of margin profile. There will be obviously 
different initiatives within those verticals to improve margins over time, but I 
would say that they will be around that range. Obviously, there are businesses 
which are more like a systems business, it's a longer, higher gestation, more 
value add because we give process guarantees that could have higher margin 
versus maybe just a standalone equipment. 
But that's not always the case, and generally I think as a margin profile, I think 
over time we will be able to monitor, probably build some more thesis, but for 
right now I think it's important that they are around the same and the idea over 
the next few years is to grow margin, grow revenue, some of them will 
obviously need investment because we need to add people, we need to add 
organizations because they are high-growth verticals, so that will also come in. 
So don't have specific kind of, you know, I can't differentiate them very 
drastically and then maybe Greg, Alex, you would like to say something on the 
verticals by margin. 
Gregory Gelhaus:  
I think you covered it Tarak, I think it's, the goal is for us as Tarak said, we have 
management teams specifically focused on each technology division that we 
have now, they have a part of their goal is to drive top-line performance but 
equally if not more importantly bottom-line performance. 
So, we have a number of initiatives to improve our financial performance for 
each of the divisions and of course for the company overall. So, we will 
continue to drive that and we have different opportunities in different divisions 
to improve performance and we'll keep focusing on that. 
Alexander Poempner:  I could just briefly add on what Greg said, so we will improve the margins and 
we have, of course, some units which already are significantly higher margins. 
You would also see the announcement that we made of the latest acquisitions. 
So, we will work on it and of course, as Tarak mentioned, we mentioned the 
15% EBITDA margins, that's the minimum target that we're going to focus. 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 27 
 
Praveen Kumar: 
Understood. My second question was again on the margin trajectory. You are 
talking about, in the past you have talked about aspirationally margin should 
exceed 15% or higher in the medium term, right? 
So, I just wanted to understand standing from where we are today, from current 
levels, what kind of cadence of margin improvement should we expect? I 
understand that this is not a company where we should be looking at a 
quarterly margin as proof of anything, but how should we, or what time frame 
do you think we can get to those aspiration margins of 15% and beyond? And 
what kind of cadence can we expect in this? And what could be the likely 
triggers apart from mixed change? 
Tarak Patel:  
So, I think directionally we are moving in the right direction. I think we have 
multiple different initiatives to improve revenue, to grow revenue and to 
improve margins. So let's leave it at that. There are definitely opportunities, we 
know these opportunities, we know where we have high costs, we know where 
we don't do things so well. So, there are opportunities across the group across 
regions. 
So, there are multiple things ongoing. We're working on debt, we're working on 
restructuring, there's a lot of opportunities that we are working on. So, we are 
going the right direction, and let’s focus on them, let's maybe build some kind 
of momentum with order intake in Q2 and when we meet again next quarter 
maybe hopefully, we'll have a much clearer picture in terms of where we are 
going to end up and what the future holds. 
Alexander Poempner:  Maybe just to add one, we already have several units which achieve these 
margins or even higher margins. What we're currently suffering on is that we 
have one, two, three units which are really underperforming, and which are 
dragging the margin down. So, we are focusing on this and we discussed and 
we mentioned it, we have measures in place, we will improve these units, and 
you will directly see an uplift in EBITDA margin for the full group. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 27 
 
Praveen Kumar:  
Tarak, well appreciate your response. The reason we are looking for I was 
looking for more of a cadence of margins is because see as you yourself you 
and your team referred to, the investment in employees etc, is already showing 
up in the numbers right because employee costs are up significantly both 
standalone as well as consol. So, we are already seeing the costs upfront, so 
it would be useful to actually get a sense over what timeframe are we even, I 
understand there are multiple triggers for this margin improvement, but it would 
be useful to get some sense that over what time frame should we expect that. 
Tarak Patel:  
Yes, I agree with what you are saying. Like I was saying, there's a lot of 
initiatives that we are working on. The timeframe, again, we are not somebody 
is going to wait around for a long period of time. We are actioning a lot of these 
changes along with the global transformation. We have a stronger team today. 
We have now accountable CEOs, four CEOs who are driving costs and 
strategy within those organizations and making tough calls where they need to 
make tough calls. So that's happening. 
 
Alex and Ankit are working on financial kind of areas to improve, tax 
structuring, borrowing costs, etc, inventory, cash management. So, we are 
working across the group. Business is looking a little bit better again. Let us 
kind of build some kind of consistency, let us give a few quarters of consistent 
results and then we can sit down and talk about margins and then I think you 
guys will also have a clearer idea in terms of what we are trying to do.  
So, let's push this out. The work is going in and as Alex said there is 
improvement possible and we will improve and that's ongoing. So, I think that 
will give a clear direction in terms of our margins over the next few quarters 
and years. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. A reminder to all participants, please restrict yourselves to two 
questions and for any more questions you may rejoin the queue. The next 
question comes from the line of Sagar Shah with Spark PWM. Please go 
ahead. 
 
 
 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 27 
 
Sagar Shah:  
Yes, first of all thank you for the opportunity and thank you to the management 
of GMM Pfaudler to actually first time disclose the segmental results actually 
as what entire street was asking for. Now my first question, sir, was related to 
a follow-up on previous participant's question. You highlighted that there was 
an uptick in the employee expenditure, you were realigning the entire sales 
team for different segments now actually that you have highlighted in this 
quarter.  
Now apart from the sales teams, I wanted to know from Tarak as well as Greg 
actually that what exactly are we doing to strategize actually our sales team, 
to strategize our operations even geographically, so that actually we acquire 
greater market share in the segments actually that we have actually highlighted 
in this particular presentation.  
Apart from the sales teams, what exactly measures are we taking to actually 
acquire greater market share or so and that in turn will actually be a margin 
enhancer in the medium to long term actually. That was my first question. 
Tarak Patel:  
So, I think before I hand over to Greg, I think a couple of things that I would 
just want to highlight. Obviously, you know, Greg has been part of the company 
now for a year and has run the global transformation program so he's aware of 
the business, he has a very close understanding of the business, he's been 
involved in multiple different initiatives over the last 12 months so he's perfectly 
placed to really kind of look into improvements across the group both from the 
revenue side and from the cost side.  
He also comes from a background where he has done restructuring in his 
earlier days as part of Alvarez and Marshall and consulting, so he has done 
this before and he knows what is probably expected and what we need to do.  
And lastly, I think it's also important that we understand that Greg is part of the 
family, so he has skin in the game. So, the two of us together obviously as 
family members control a large shareholding of the company and it is in our 
best interest to obviously drive some of these long-term initiatives to create 
stakeholder value for all our stakeholders and shareholders. So, with that 
maybe Greg if you can maybe say a few words on the transformation and then 
obviously the areas that we're worked on and will be working on. 
 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 27 
 
Gregory Gelhaus: 
Sure, sure, thanks Tarak. So, I think to the point that was mentioned around 
the transformation, one of the clear roles of from the sales side is to increase 
market share, no doubt that's part of our transformation program. I do believe 
and we believe that the new organizational structure as was mentioned in the 
opening remarks helps us to move quicker globally for opportunities that we 
see across the world.  
We have a greater ability now to share knowledge, to be able to work closer 
as global teams, to be able to see opportunities that we see in the market to 
win new orders and of course ultimately win market share. So, all of that 
requires obviously changes in the way we work, changes in the way we go to 
market which we have been implementing already and we are seeing good 
progress there.  
We are seeing and I would point out that it is progress that we were making 
across within each division, but also because our customers will require, as an 
example, sometimes glass-lined equipment, filtration and drying, mixing 
equipment, all together for a certain order, certain opportunity, we are able to 
work closer together also across divisions. So, we have a very strong focus on 
improving our market share and we're focused on that and I believe that our 
new structure is going to help us with that. 
Tarak Patel:  
And just a side note on this, which is just quite interesting is because when we 
created these four verticals, we were not expecting cross-selling to be one of 
the driving initiatives, we were separating people out, and we actually find that 
our cross-selling has actually improved when we now have created these 
distinct verticals.  
So sometimes you get benefits that you don't expect and this is just one 
interesting case of how we got something that more than we planned for. So 
again, it's a very different way of how we have done things. This is how we 
have done things since 140 years. Pfaudler has been a very old company and 
obviously Pfaudler and then GMM has been very regional the way we have 
operated, it's always been very regional.  
So, this is a foundational change, a structural change that hopefully over the 
next, will give us a very strong foundation to create business growth and 
margin improvement over the next few years. 
 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 27 
 
Sagar Shah:  
Okay, okay. Yes, my second question was related to your data keeping 
question. So, you highlighted the strategic measures actually that means you'll 
take on the operational side. So, I know this is not a sequential mapping, 
something like the sequential mapping journey that we are looking for, it's a 
long-term journey. But for FY27 and FY28, so at least that that is up to 12 to 
24 months. So based on the debt reduction program, based on strategic 
measures, what are the target EBITDA margins actually that the company is 
highlighting?  
And secondly, what is the currently as on March '26, that the debt that the 
company holds on its balance sheet, it's the long-term as well as the short-term 
debt, it accounts to around INR 835 crores in rupee terms. So, what is the 
actually targeted debt levels that we are eyeing till the end of this year as well 
as FY28? So that is my second question related to data keeping question, 
thank you. That's it. 
Alexander Poempner: Thank you. Maybe I take it regarding the debt. We will repay approximately 
EUR 7 million this quarter and we are working on the refinancing alternative 
that will bring further down our debt and we dont to comment on the debt as of 
the end of this financial year, but as you see we are working on this and we will 
further reduce over the coming quarters  
Sagar Shah: 
Okay, so what is the debt that we are eyeing actually, and about the margins 
also my question was. 
Tarak Patel:  
Yes, so Ankit, he's asking for outlook on margins, I think we've already 
expressed ourselves also, so maybe you want to give just how we look at 
margins and how we will talk about margins to the street. 
Ankit Nayyar:  
Yes, so from a margins perspective, the objective is to continue to grow 
margins. As Tarak mentioned earlier also, our objective is to deliver quarter-
on-quarter, see how things are, we see positive shoots in different businesses 
and as we have already stated 15% is something we aim to go there, so 
quarter-on-quarter we'll see this how we are tracking against it and Yes, and 
all levers look good as of now to hit those kinds of numbers. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Dhavan Shah with 
Alfaccurate Advisors. Please go ahead. 
 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 27 
 
Dhavan Shah:  
Yes, thanks for the opportunity, sir. So, my question is on the order inflows for 
CRT and PPT segment. You mentioned that you are seeing, you know, the 
green shoots in the domestic pharma sector and that's why, you know, we have 
seen some order inflows growth for this quarter.  
So, if you can share, you know, some thoughts on that, whether that was, you 
know, one-time like the lumpy order or is it like the structural revival you are 
seeing in the domestic pharma which can be seen for at least next three quarter 
also for CRT. And then for PPT, what led to such order inflow growth during 
this quarter and is it sustainable or not during the next three quarters. 
Tarak Patel:  
So, I think, I ask this question to you because you have a better understanding 
of pharma, but no, on a serious note, we haven't seen this kind of improvement 
for quite some time. Glass-lined, our glass-lined business has now gone 
through a really tough time over the last two years I would say and this time 
the green shoots again like we said look positive, we see some in India 
definitely a quite positive with this whole pharma play, CDMO and the big 
Hyderabad players are expanding so API is looking good.  
We've also seen good pharma inflow of glass-line business in the US, so the 
US obviously we know the US, you know, story around Mr. Trump and the 
investment that was signed to bring pharma jobs to the US, some of that is 
actually playing out quite nicely, so we have received some large orders from 
the US recently.  
Surprisingly China has also come back with good orders in glass-line in CRT, 
which we thought, you know, China had excess capacity, but I believe that 
some of the new investment is going closer to the Mongolian border for 
chemicals again. So that's driving some growth and bringing back glass-lined. 
Europe structurally still remains a bit slow, however we have won some large 
glass-lined orders in Europe in the recent months as well, and the focus is also 
to push our service business, grow our service business, maybe there we 
might have, and we lost the market share over the last few quarters and the 
focus is mainly to bring back services , glass-lined services again.  
So, CRT is looking good globally, Europe still looks a bit tough but the other 
geographies are looking a lot more positive. Greg you want to add something 
to that? 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 27 
 
Gregory Gelhaus: 
No, I think you covered it, I think going back to the question around pharma, 
we do see as we answered earlier we do see some positive signals in the 
pharma sector and we are seeing that in terms of the orders that we are 
winning but also the opportunities that we see in front of us. 
Tarak Patel:  
Yes, one more point here, sorry, I missed this, it's a very important point is 
peptides, so we have seen significant peptide investment, so we have already 
supplied last year a very large order for peptide, you know, and we have also 
received two large orders from Hyderabad for complete systems around built 
around peptides, so peptides is another area that we are seeing a lot of 
investment coming in and I think with our equipments we are quite well-
positioned to grow that peptide order book as well. 
Dhavan Shah:  
Understood. And what about the PPT? This quarter I think we have been 
seeing significant order inflow growth, so what led to such a growth, is it like 
just from the domestic market or there was some export order also which led 
to such a growth. 
Tarak Patel:  
Sorry, your first part was to talk about growth in what, sorry, can you repeat 
that? 
Dhavan Shah:  
My question is, you know, for PPT we have seen, you know, the significant 
order inflow growth during this quarter, so what led to such jump for first quarter 
and then is it like the order inflow came from the domestic business only or 
there was some export order also which led to such a growth. 
Tarak Patel:  
So, it's a combination of multiple things, the businesses that have come across 
geographies, you know, India last quarter was decent, was good, but, I hope 
that India this quarter will do obviously a bit better, things are looking good. So, 
order intake was good globally and we expect order intake to continue also.  
Brazil also has done quite well, our mixing business has done well with large 
orders, so again that equipment and now systems, so where you compare- I 
think when you look at us, you look at two or three metrics. So. first thing you 
should look at on April 1st previous year versus this year what our opening 
backlog was. Our opening backlog was already 30% higher.  
Please consider last year we had in that backlog a very large defence system 
order. We had a very large order of close to EUR 30 odd million for a large 
system, so that was in there. So now the backlog really is kind of more robust 
we have a lot more equipment in there, CRT, PPT and HET as well.  

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 27 
 
And that's the good part, and if Q2 remains strong, which we expect it to be, 
then that gives us revenue visibility and then pretty much we'll get this year 
done and dusted. So, the focus again is to be aggressive. The way that we 
have reorganized ourselves should help us serve our customers better, meet 
all our alignments in terms of all the people who were within those verticals are 
aligned now to go after that business, with good margin business and cut costs, 
so I think we're going in the right direction if the market sustains and I hope it 
does, we should be in a decent position. Again, like you said also sometimes 
it could be a one-off, two-off quarter kind of an investment. We hope it's 
sustainable. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rushabh with Pravin 
Ratilal Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Rushabh:  
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. And first of all, congratulations to the GMM 
Pfaudler team on, not just improving the disclosures to the market, but also 
finally going towards the disciplined capital allocation. So big congratulations 
on that. I have 3 questions. So, the first one is on the order book. So, you did 
allude to the fact that in the last year 30% of the orders were large-tenure 
orders. And you did say that in the current year the order book, it is - how much 
percentage of that of orders are executable within the next 10 to 12 months? 
That's my first question. 
 
The second question is on the borrowings. So, we have mentioned the fact 
that we'll be repaying around EUR 7 million of debt, and we currently have 
around INR 835 crores of INR debt, so I assume it's closer to EUR75-EUR76 
million if I convert it into euros. So, you have said that you will be repaying that 
debt in the next 12 to 18 months. 
But can you specify a number and a timeline in which how much debt will be 
repaid? That is my second question. And my third question is on the tax rate. 
So, going forward, what is the kind of steady-state tax rate should we work 
with? Thank you. 
 
 
 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 27 
 
Alexander Poempner: Regarding the debt collection, we repay now EUR 7 million. And then we will 
restructure our debt position and further reduce it. And this will take, as 
mentioned, the time frame 12 to 18 months. But as I said, it will continuously 
going down in the future. Regarding the tax rate, I would work with the tax rate 
of around 30%, let's say maybe slightly below in the long term. We still require 
some time to get this stabilized. 
 
It partly depends on our current debt profile and our organizational structure. 
With this change in the org structure, but especially also in the debt structure, 
we will bring our tax rate down to this level, which I just mentioned. Let's use 
around 30%, maybe slightly lower.  
Rushabh: 
So, just one follow up to that. So, you did mention that you'll be bringing down 
the debt. But can you at least specify a number that what is the kind of debt is 
that you'll be comfortable with in the next 12 months or next 18 months? That's 
part one. And 30% tax rate that you're talking about. When can we see that 
coming? What should be the FY 27 and 28 tax rate number that you should be 
working with? 
Alexander Poempner: I will not mention our debt target figure for end of this year. And however, 
regarding the timing of the tax rate, to bring it down, we indicated 18 to 24 
months. And the debt, the refinancing and the reorganization has to be 
completed first. And then we can go down to this lower and reasonable tax 
rate. But as I said, it takes us 18 to 24 months to really fully get it stabilized. 
 Rushabh: 
So in 18 to 24 months, how much of debt will be repaid? Can you please tell 
us? 
Tarak Patel:  
So on the debt, we'll start with the 7 million. We are working on it. We are 
looking at different options. So give us some time again. The idea is to make it 
a much better structure. But we can't get debt alone because we have to look 
at our global structure, which is now 24, 25 entities or something. We need to 
clean that up. 
 
So when the debt is refinanced, we put it into the right jurisdiction in the right 
structure. We don't want any fluctuation on currency and stuff. So there are 2 
or 3 things that need to be done. We're working on it. Hopefully, we can get 
some of this done before we have given the time to the street. And we are 
working it. 
 
 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 27 
 
                                       So just give us some time on this. When we meet again for Q2, we should have 
more clarity. And then hopefully this year, even this year around Q2, sometime 
around that, we're hoping that we can have an investor day as well. So by then 
you'll have all the details very clearly mentioned and you can track that also. 
But we still need some time to get the exact kind of timeframes and the 
amounts sorted out. So we're working on it and we'll come back to you.  
Rushabh: 
Right sir. Once again congratulations. Just you missed out my part on the order 
book. So how much of the order book is executable between 10 to 12 months? 
Gregory Gelhaus: 
Yes. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, it's the large majority of that, so 
significant amount of the - roughly 1000 crores order intake that we had, 
significant amount of that is executable in the next 10 to 12 months. So, as I 
mentioned earlier, if you look at Q1 in the prior year, 30% of that was multi-
year projects which would not all occur in the next 10 to 12 months, but where 
what we see in this recent quarter is very different. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ravi Mehta with One Up. 
Please go ahead. 
Ravi Mehta:  
Yes, hi. Thanks for this call. Just couple of questions, one is on the employee 
is there any one-off severance cost in Q1? 
Gregory Gelhaus: 
No. 
Tarak Patel:                  No. 
Ravi Mehta: 
Okay. And the investment that you are speaking, is this going to further go up 
or this can be like a run rate basis or there's still some more senior level 
additions pending? 
Tarak Patel:  
You're talking about employee costs. So the idea is to bring down employee 
costs over time. Obviously there have been certain new hires as we move into 
the new structure which are required, because we need global kind of HR, 
finance, IT, but we also have ideas to move a lot of that to India, the GEC, GCC 
model, stuff like that, so we can look at options there. 
 
 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 27 
 
 
And then we also have opportunities to kind of put people in front of our clients. 
So, I think the idea is that some of these verticals need to grow, so we will 
invest in sales people, sales organization as well. But as a concept, we are 
looking at non-critical activity being consolidated into lower cost geographies, 
things like engineering, drawings, things that don't require to be done. That can 
be something, and we've already started like that. 
 
We have a GEC center now, a global engineering center that has about 12 
people for lot of our entities, that's another push. We have Poland and India 
coming up as a low-cost geography where we really need to utilize these both 
entities to make sure that we have a much better cost structure. 
 
Keep in mind, we also reduced people in the UK the prior year and last year 
Germany we had a reduction of workforce, factory workforce which obviously 
you'll see some of that kind of playing through also in the next few quarters. 
So, we'll be getting that benefit as well. We're doing cost optimization. We've 
worked in operational excellence and that should play out as well and with the 
higher volumes hopefully, we'll have better absorption and better utilization of 
our factories as well. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Simran Kumari with 
Narnolia Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Simran Kumari:  
Hi sir, good afternoon. My question is related to interest cost. Like what would 
be the interest cost for FY27 and FY28? And my second question is regarding 
the order intake. As we can see this quarter the order intake is broadly 
comparable to the corresponding period last year. So, could you please 
elaborate on the expected order intake trajectory for the remainder of the fiscal 
year? Thank you, sir. 
Alexander Poempner: Okay. I'll start with the interest cost. The interest cost we have on average 6% 
to 7%. And of course, it's especially the debt that is in the international 
business, which is USD denominated or Euro denominated. They are based 
on the SOFR base rate and the EURIBOR base rate. But it's also hedged. So, 
for your modeling, I would assume 6% to 7%. And the other question was about 
the order intake. 
 
 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 27 of 27 
 
Gregory Gelhaus: 
Yes. So, on the order intake as I mentioned in my opening remarks, yes, you're 
correct that we've had -- when you look at order intake this quarter versus the 
prior year same quarter, it's roughly the same. But as I mentioned, we see a 
very different profile of order intake this quarter where we see that the large 
majority of those projects that we won in Q1 have execution cycles of 10 to 12 
months. 
 
So as a result, you'll see that the large share of that is orders where we can 
see strong revenue visibility over that period given those orders that we've won. 
So, it's different from the prior year as I mentioned, because 30% of that orders 
that were for multi-year projects and therefore that revenue was not going to 
come necessarily in the next 10 or 12 months. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for 
today. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Raveen Kanabar 
for the closing remarks. 
Raveen Kanabar:  
Thank you. Thank you everyone for joining us today. It was a pleasure 
interacting with all of you and we look forward to many such interactions during 
the course of the year. Take care and see you soon everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of GMM Pfaudler Limited that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
