 
Religare Enterprises Limited 
CIN: L74899DL1984PLC146935 
Registered Office: First Floor, Office No. 101, 2E/23, Jhandewalan Extn., New Delhi – 110055              
                             Phone No.: +91-11- 4167 9692 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, Tower A, Club 125, Plot A-3,4, 5, Sector -125, Noida – 201301, Uttar Pradesh                             Phone No.: +91-120- 4384 941 
www.religare.com / investorservices@religare.com 
 
August 19, 2026 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Communications Department  
Corporate Services Department 
“Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor,   
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400051 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Symbol: RELIGARE   
 
 
Scrip Code: 532915 
 
Subject: Transcript of earnings call held on Thursday, August 13, 2026 at 04.00 P.M. 
IST  
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to the captioned subject and pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
transcript of Earnings Call with investors held on Thursday, August 13, 2026 to discuss 
operational & financial performance of the Company for quarter ended June 30, 2026. The 
enclosed transcript has also been made available on the website of the Company at 
https://docs.religare.com/pdf/Religare_Enterprises_Limited_Q1_FY_27_13_Aug_2026.pdf.  
 
It is confirmed that aforementioned transcript does not contain any Unpublished Price 
Sensitive Information. 
 
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
For Religare Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
 
Babu Rao P.   
Group General Counsel & Group Chief Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
BABU 
RAO 
PRIYA
Digitally signed by BABU RAO PRIYA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=m1tld7x6cgz2q8f54hay0ejo
9vnpibr3, 
2.5.4.20=174f654d57a899697fd0fcb43e2b
fedca62b0dda2bfc946f3521447932d6cc3
3, postalCode=411028, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=3559b2bf7ecb7e51c292a3
a888b61179c2bb644aa24d9aef8d0182c3
5b7f0a44, cn=BABU RAO PRIYA 
Date: 2026.08.19 18:05:09 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Religare Enterprises Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                           
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARJUN LAMBA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
RELIGARE ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
 
 
MR. PRATUL GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
RELIGARE ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
 
 
MANAGEMENT TEAM OF RELIGARE ENTERPRISES 
LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. HANISHI SHAH – ADFACTORS PR 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript may contain transcription errors, despite an earnest effort toward accuracy. The Company 
accepts no responsibility or liability for any such errors. Certain factual rectifications have been made in the transcript to 
ensure accuracy / alignment with published presentation, in order to solely enhance clarity and not alter the 
substance of the discussion. 
 
 

 
 
Religare Enterprises Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Religare Enterprises Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the management opening 
remarks. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I will now hand the conference over to Ms. Hanishi Shah from Adfactors PR. Thank you, and 
over to you. 
Hanishi Shah: 
Thank you, Ryan. Good day, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss the Q1 
FY27 business performance of Religare Enterprises and its subsidiaries. We have with us today 
the management of Religare Enterprises Limited and its subsidiaries. 
 
Before we proceed with this call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
this call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. The company 
undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect the developments 
that occur after the statement is made. Documents related to company's financial performance, 
including investor presentation, have been uploaded on the stock exchanges and on the 
company's website. 
 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Pratul Gupta, Chief Financial Officer at Religare Enterprises 
Limited. Over to you, Pratul. 
Pratul Gupta: 
Thank you, Hanishi. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our quarter one FY27 
earnings conference call. Thanks for taking out time today to join this session. Before I go 
further, I would like to invite Mr. Arjun Lamba, our Managing Director, to give his opening 
remarks, after which I'll take you through the group's performance during the quarter. 
 
I'll be covering the financial services side of the business, touching upon REL, RBL, RFL and 
housing finance. Ambrish Jindal, my colleague at Care Health Insurance, will take you through 
the performance of insurance business.  Over to you, Arjun. 
Arjun Lamba: 
Thank you, Pratul. Good evening to all of you on the call. I welcome you to our Q1 FY27 
earnings call today. I want to begin by sharing a perspective on what Q1 FY27 represents for 
Religare Enterprises. This has been a quarter of deliberate measured progress for us. We are 
putting the house in order to build a strong foundation for the businesses. 
 
First, let's talk about the insurance business. Care has grown at 37% Y-o-Y in GWP terms. We 
are the second largest stand-alone health insurer in the country. We are focusing on growth and 
doing good at it and hope to improve our ratios in the coming quarter. 
 
We have Ajay Shah and Manish Dodeja, who are our founding members at Care and who have 
been elevated to the roles of MD and ED respectively, and we have Ambrish here as well.. 
Religare Finvest is well capitalized with a net worth of INR915-odd crores and a healthy cash 
balance of INR600 crores. We have Srinivasan Karthik at the helm, Karthik, a technology-first 

 
 
Religare Enterprises Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
leader with three decades of financial services experience who has joined us from HDB. He is 
running the show, Karthik is busy building out and hiring growth to commence business in the 
next three to four months. 
 
The housing finance team is focusing on restoration and rebuilding its franchise. The business 
has a net worth of roughly INR180 crores, and we have about committed INR250 crores further 
capital to build this business over the next few years. Pavan Gupta has joined us as MD and CEO 
of Religare Housing. He was earlier CEO of Muthoot Housing Finance Limited. Pankaj Rathi, 
who was the CFO from Grihum Housing Finance, has joined as the CFO. So you will be hearing 
more about this business in the next coming quarters. 
 
In our broking business, we are busy hiring and building out under the leadership of Mr. Vijay 
Goel, who joined us about six months back. We are building out our tech platform. The broking 
business per se is on the tracks. We are building out our margin funding book and also looking 
to scale up our third-party product business. We hope to see productivity and efficiency gains in 
the near future. We continue on our journey to put the right building blocks for sustainable, 
profitable, scalable growth in the near future. 
 
Before I end, I would like to comment on our demerger scheme and the recent communication 
received from Reserve Bank of India, which is a week old. I'm sure some participants will have 
a question around it. We are engaging with the regulators in this matter to answer any questions 
that they may have. We remain committed to the cause of delivering stakeholder value via this 
route. We will update you as and when appropriate on this matter. I just thought I should share 
this with you. 
 
Now I request Pratul to take you through the specific highlights. Thank you. 
Pratul Gupta: 
Thank you, Arjun. Quarter one FY27 has been a quarter of deliberate building for us. We have 
completed critical leadership appointments across all four businesses. We have strengthened our 
capital base and each of our business has continued to do intense work of preparing itself for the 
next phase of growth. 
 
Let me now walk you through the investor presentation, which has been shared with you and is 
available in the Investor Relations section on our website as well as on the bourses. I'll be 
referring to this presentation as I speak about the quarter. 
 
Referring to Slide 4. While some of the audience may have seen this slide earlier, I would just 
like to refresh everyone's memory on our business overview. We have two segments: Insurance 
Business and Financial Services. 
 
While Insurance is about Care Health, which is India's second largest standalone health 
insurance company, the Financial Services piece is constituted by Religare Broking, a securities 
broking platform with over 25 years of operations, Religare Finvest Limited, our MSME lending 
platform and Religare Housing Finance, our Affordable Housing Finance business, which is a 
subsidiary of Religare Finvest Limited. 

 
 
Religare Enterprises Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
Moving to Slide 5. It just illustrates the recent leadership hiring as well as reorganization of 
roles. We welcome all this leadership and we look forward to a great future here. 
 
Slide 6 captures the financial summary wherein on consolidated level, REL has reported a 
revenue of INR2,358-odd crores against INR1,876 crores reported in the corresponding quarter 
last year, marking a 26% year-on-year growth. The reported PAT is negative at INR46.9 crores, 
mainly due to different reporting standards. The slide also captures the highlights of each 
business, which we will cover as we move ahead in the presentation. 
 
Further, on the demerger, the company has received communication from Reserve Bank of India, 
conveying that post the examination of our application, the request for approval has not been 
acceded to. The company's team is engaging with the regulator for necessary course of action in 
the future. 
 
Moving on to Slide 7. This is the consolidated performance for REL. We have reported a total 
income of INR2,358 crores, whereas the total expenses are INR2,435 crores, resulting in a 
negative PBT of INR76.73 crores. The numbers for the corresponding quarter was a positive 
INR5.73 crores. 
 
In terms of segments, Insurance business has contributed INR2,229 crores, whereas Financial 
Services has contributed INR133 crores. We will discuss the specific performance of each 
business in subsequent slides. 
 
On a stand-alone basis, being a non-operating CIC, REL has reported an income of INR4.38 
crores and an expense of INR14 crores, resulting in a net loss of INR9.62 crores for the quarter. 
 
I now move to Slide 10. This is Religare Broking business. I'll quickly cover that. This quarter 
our Broking business delivered a strong rebound in profitability, supported by stable revenue 
performance. We continue to strengthen our product ecosystem by enhancing our existing 
trading platform, advancing the development of our next-generation platforms, investing in 
talent across key business and technology functions and driving process improvements to 
support scalable growth. 
 
Alongside our continued focus on security and governance, these investments are strengthening 
our platform and positioning us for sustainable, profitable long-term growth. 
 
Now let me take you through some of the key business highlights for the quarter on Slide 11. 
Total income increased 7% Y-o-Y to INR99.5 crores, supported by 13% growth in brokerage 
income, 28% growth in interest income; and 78% growth in client debit book. 
 
The PBT grew 53% Y-o-Y to INR10 crores. Assets under custody stood at INR47,946 crores as 
on 30th June, 2026. Our revenue mix remained well diversified with brokerage contributing 
47%, interest income being at 30% and e-governance at 16% of quarter one FY27 revenue. The 
balance was contributed by depository services and the distribution of third-party financial 
products. 

 
 
Religare Enterprises Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
Moving on to Slide 12. These are key ratios. As I mentioned, total income increased from 
INR94.1 crores in corresponding quarter last year to INR99.5 crores, representing 7% growth. 
The revenue growth was primarily led by core business segments. 
 
PAT as mentioned, grew by 65% from INR4.6 crores to INR7.5 crores, reflecting improved 
operating leverage and profitability. On a consolidated basis, the net worth of Religare Broking 
Limited and its subsidiaries stood at INR384 crores as of June 30, 2026. 
 
Moving to key business metrics on Slide 13. Average daily turnover in the cash segment 
increased from INR334 crores to INR375 crores, broadly in line with the market growth. 
Derivatives ADTO also registered 10% Y-o-Y growth. Unique traded clients remained broadly 
stable despite evolving market conditions. 
 
For the P&L, Slide 14, total revenue at INR99.5 crores. Sequentially, revenue has remained 
stable. Operating expenses have remained stable with the exception of employee costs, which 
increased largely due to strategic hiring across key functions and the impact of annual salary 
revisions. PBT for the quarter increased to INR10 crores compared to INR6.5 crores in the first 
quarter of last fiscal. 
 
Slide 15. Business is currently into a high-speed repair and investment mode. We have seen 
addition of new talent as well as gain in productivity, improving our technology platform and 
digital offerings along with expanding the product platform remains our biggest focus before we 
start aggressive client acquisition. 
 
I'm now moving to Slide 17, which gives a overview of Religare Finvest Limited. RFL is part 
of financial services segment of Religare and is categorized as a middle layer NBFC. It currently 
has a core SME book of approximately INR53 crores. 
 
The collection efficiency has remained stable at 98%. The PAT during the quarter was INR15 
crores and our net owned funds stands at INR837.8 crores. RFL has robust capital position with 
tangible net worth of INR915 crores and a strong liquidity profile with cash balance of over 
INR600 crores. Stable NNPA stands at around 0.8% and CRAR is at 238%, well above the 
regulatory requirements. 
 
With the joining of Karthik, the focus of the entire team is to ensure that the organization is 
ready for the next phase of rebuilding and growth. The cash is available, the capital is in place 
and the platform is ready for whichever business line we choose to adopt. 
 
Slide 18 captures the trends of key ratios for RFL business. Total income for the quarter one 
stands at INR14.4 crores compared to INR19.3 crores for the corresponding previous quarter 
due to reduction in loan book and lower recovery from GNPA book, which has adversely 
impacted the profitability. 
 
Profit after tax for the quarter stood at INR15 crores compared to INR17.9 crores in quarter one 
of FY26. Collection efficiency, as I mentioned, is stable at 98% and NNPA is stable and under 

 
 
Religare Enterprises Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
control. These ratios reflect collectively the financial strength of the platform and discipline with 
which the business is being managed throughout its turnaround phase. 
 
Finally, on Slide 19, which is a detailed P&L statement. Net interest income for the quarter is 
INR13.5 crores as opposed to INR18.6 crores for the corresponding quarter last year. This is 
largely on account of decrease in loan book size. Overall, the performance reflects the strength 
of the team to collect from NPA pool and add to the cash collections, which should position RFL 
well for the next growth phase. 
 
Coming to Religare Housing, I'm on Slide 21 now. RHDFCL's focus would be towards self-
employed and informal segments in semi-urban markets as a client where we see a immense 
potential to grow. Currently, we have around 15 branches in eight states serving over 2,800 
customers. 
 
Our aim is to build a granular portfolio backed by residential mortgage assets. Our average ticket 
size is at INR12 lakhs. The organization has a AUM of INR247 crores with product mix 
comprising 66% home loans and 34% loan against property. The company continues to maintain 
a healthy capital adequacy of over 121%, and we have investment-grade ratings from ICRA and 
CARE to the tune of BBB-. 
 
Moving to Slide 22. Our focus remains firmly on attracting customers from self-employed and 
informal segments with a strong capital base of INR180 crores. From industry perspective, the 
affordable housing finance continues to benefit from strong structural tailwinds, favorable 
government initiatives and increasing demand. On a positive note, the Indian retail credit growth 
story remains robust with affordable mortgage segment continuing to witness leading healthy 
momentum. 
 
Slide 23 highlights the key operating and financial ratios for the company. The company reported 
a total interest income of INR7.1 crores with an average yield on portfolio of 14.6%. The asset 
quality in terms of GNPA and NNPA is at 4.4% and 3.3%, respectively. The company continues 
to maintain a comfortable capital position well above the regulatory requirements. 
 
On Slide 24, we present the income statement. As I mentioned INR7.4 crores is the total income. 
Operating expenses were at INR12.5 crores, resulting in reporting a loss of INR5 crores for the 
quarter. This summarizes the performance as far as Financial Services segment is concerned. 
 
I now hand over to Ambrish, CFO of Care Health Insurance, to take you through the Insurance 
business in detail. Over to you, Ambrish. 
Ambrish Jindal: 
Thank you, Pratul. Good afternoon, everyone. During quarter one, the sector continued to 
leverage on GST tailwinds, delivering a 32% growth in retail health and an overall industry 
expansion of 22.4%. Care continues to outpace market trends achieving growth better than the 
industry. 
 
Highlights of the quarter are as: our retail business grew at 45% year-on-year on a full premium 
basis. Its continued market share gains in retail health insurance. Our GWP grew by 37% again 

 
 
Religare Enterprises Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
on a full premium basis. The company has raised capital of INR150 crores through right issue 
during the quarter. 
 
Profit before tax basis Ind AS for the quarter is INR163 crores against INR102 crores in the 
same period previous year. Gross opex ratio for quarter one stands at 31.2%, which has improved 
by 100 basis points as compared to previous year. 
 
Now, let me walk you through the presentation. I am on Slide 26. Our company achieved a top 
line of INR3,247 crores on a full premium basis with a growth of 37%. Whereas, retail new 
business, it grew by more than 50% this quarter. We have a market share of 6.7% among industry 
and 24% within SAHI segment. Company has raised INR150 crores through right issue during 
quarter one and INR200 crores of sub debt in the month of August 2026. Care is consistently 
delivering high-teens ROE on PBT basis. 
 
Now, moving on to Slide 27. Over the past four financial years, the company has delivered a 
strong CAGR of 30%; in the current quarter, growth stands at 37%. Our retail health market 
share continues to expand, currently at 12.6% of the industry, 21.6% among SAHI. While full 
premium means industry data for retail health is not available. But just to give you a perspective, 
industry grew at 32% on 1/n basis and Care grew 18% higher than the industry, leading to a gain 
in market share. 
 
Organization is a multi-channel organization, focusing on all channels, wherein proprietary 
channel contributes almost 45% of the total GWP. Additionally, this year, retail mix has 
improved by 3% on a y-o-y basis. 
 
Moving on to Slide 28. The investment book in this quarter has increased by over INR800 crores 
compared to March '26, driven by strong business growth and capital inclusion during the 
quarter. Investment leverage stands at 4.3x. The portfolio mix consists largely of bonds and G-
Sec, which constitute 93% of the entire group. Investments are predominantly allocated to 
sovereign and highest-rated investments, and their debt yields are consistent in the range of 7.2% 
to 7.3%. 
 
Moving on to Slide 29. As discussed in earlier slides, the company has achieved a growth of 
45% in retail business. Retail has consistently, rate has improved significantly. Grievances for 
10,000 policies and for 10,000 claims both have come down compared to previous year. 
 
Moving on to Slide 30. This slide represents our digital transformation. 99.9% of the policies 
are issued digitally, along with 99.9% fresh digital premium collection. Over 85% of cashless 
claims are processed within 30 minutes. And we have a comprehensive portfolio of 44 healthcare 
products tailored to meet diverse protection needs. 
 
Moving on to Slide 31. This slide highlights the key capability of the company's robust mobile 
app platform. There are 13.2 million app installations, and currently we have 1.4 million active 
users. It offers a wide range of features, spanning online medicine, health check-up, and wellness 
alerts to digital consultations. Average monthly doctor consultations are increasing by each 
passing year. And 67% of active retail customers are now available on the mobile app. 

 
 
Religare Enterprises Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
 
Moving on to Slide 32. This slide compares the company's financial performance across all three 
accounting methodologies: Ind AS; n; and 1/n basis. Under Ind AS, as highlighted earlier, profit 
before tax stood at INR163 crores compared to INR102 crores in the same period last year. The 
combined ratio under Ind AS has improved by 30 basis points to 102.6%. Return on equity based 
on PBT increased to 5.2% from 4.2% in the previous year. 
 
On an n basis, profitability improved by 64% with profit before tax rising to INR69 crores from 
INR42 crores in the same period last year. On a 1/n basis, profit before tax stood at INR131 
crores of a loss compared to INR19 crores loss in the previous year corresponding quarter. And 
largely because these are the transition years on a 1/n basis. 
 
Moving on to Slide 33. For the highlights of the results given in the previous slide, this slide 
gives a breakdown on Ind AS P&L. Under Ind AS, the insurance revenue as in quarter one 
Financial year ‘27 stood at INR2,947 crores, which grew by 28%. Insurance service results are 
in the same range as compared to previous year. And again, combined insurance service ratio 
has improved by 30 basis points. 
 
Slide 34, it gives the numbers on a 1/n basis, which again, as I spoke, is a transition year and 
hence not comparable with the previous quarters. 
 
That's it from my side. Handing over back to you. Thank you. 
Pratul Gupta: 
Thank you, Ambrish, for the detailed presentation. We are now ready to take questions. Back to 
you, Hanishi. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. First 
question from the line of Naresh Naiker from Systematix Shares. Please go ahead. 
Naresh Naiker: 
Yes. Good evening, sir. 
Pratul Gupta: 
Hi. Please go ahead, Naresh. We can hear you. 
Naresh Naiker: 
Yes. This question was regarding the de-merger. So in that circular, it is nothing mentioned 
about specific reason for declining. And can you please specify what specific concern RBI raised 
regarding -- is related to capital structure or promoter or shareholding pattern? 
 
And second question, sir, regarding follow-up on value unlocking. Is there any another plan to 
partial demerger like, stake sale of Care Health Insurance or listing just one entity if RBI 
objection is not fulfilled? 
Arjun Lamba: 
So, hi. Thanks for the question. So basically, the letter is brief and simple in what we put on and 
that is the engagement with the regulator. They have not -- there is no reasoning has been 
attached. We are now engaging with the regulator going forward. And we will figure out what 
the reason is and if we can come up with a better alternative that satisfies the regulator. That's 
one. At this stage, that remains our priority focus. We are not looking at anything else currently 
other than figuring this out. And then after that at an appropriate time, we will come back. 

 
 
Religare Enterprises Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Naresh Naiker: 
Okay. So sir, can you please advise approximate what time line it will take exit? 
Arjun Lamba: 
I mean we can't -- I cannot give a time line, but we will make our best effort. That is what I can 
assure you. 
Naresh Naiker: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Good afternoon, sir. Sir, I had a few questions. So first of all, on CARE, so our combined CSIR 
ratio is like 102.7%. And this is like meaningfully higher than some of the other peers who have 
reported the results. So if you can give some color on that? 
 
And also, I see that your Insurance Service results, is a negative of INR3 crores. So -- but if I 
just do the maths on INR3,000-odd crores of revenue with 102.7%, it should come to be like 
INR70 crores, INR80 crores of loss. So if you can explain the difference? 
Ajay Shah: 
Yes. First question -- I am Ajay, Sarvesh. So first question I'm taking. Second one, I'll pass on 
to my CFO, Ambrish Jindal. On the combined ratio, even if you see our track of last year, we 
started with 103% in the quarter one. Finally, it landed at 101.1%. So this is because we write 
many, what you call corporate wellness book where the -- there is upfront claims payment. 
 
So that is the only reason for this. It will finally come down to the guideline which we had given 
in the last call. Last call, I had said very clearly that we want to become 100% in next two years, 
and we are sticking and committed to that. And on the second question I'll request Ambrish. 
Ambrish Jindal: 
Yes. So you rightly said that if we do a maths on 102.7% on the revenue, we get a higher number. 
So CISR includes non-attributable expenses and all the expenses, they need to be bifurcated into 
acquisition cost, maintenance cost and non-attributable cost. So insurance service result does not 
include non-attributable expenses, but, while computing CISR, include those non-attributable 
expenses. So if you look at the presentation, after net finance result, there is an expense item of 
INR66 crores that gets added in the computation of CISR. So, if we add this into insurance 
service result as well, you will get the maths. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. And this 37% odd growth, if you can break it up between fresh and porting and growth 
from the existing book? So, what is driving it? How much is being driven by people going for 
higher sum assured or because of inflation in the premiums that we are charging? If you can give 
some color on what are the drivers for this sort of a growth? 
Ajay Shah: 
See, Sarvesh, I mean, I think there are few moments in the industry which are a land grab 
moments. Once it happened after COVID, second after GST relaxation we are finding it a land 
grab moment. So a few questions, one by one. 
 
Number one, our fresh business is growing the fastest among all. So it's higher than my renewal 
business growth. That is number one. Number two, my number of consumers are growing faster 

 
 
Religare Enterprises Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
because my growth is primarily coming in Tier 2, Tier 3 geographies. So my number of 
consumers are growing handsomely than the average ticket size at premium increase. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mukul from M&K Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Mukul: 
Hi. Good afternoon. Congratulations on good numbers. My question is for Ajay, from Care. Just 
the first part which you explained right now, it seems that retail has grown faster than corporate 
and our retail share is still higher than the corporate share. And while I understand that you book 
more corporate business in the first quarter. But from a mix perspective, it does seem that retail 
has outgrown corporate and yet our losses have come one point higher. Compared to some of 
the other peers where similar practices are there. So just wanted more flavor on loss ratios? That 
is one. 
 
And second, in terms of growth, while GST has given a fillip, any guidance on where you see 
full year growth given a very good set of numbers in terms of growth for the first quarter in the 
Insurance business? 
Ajay Shah: 
Yes. This is Ajay. So we cannot comment on the full year growth. Till now the market has been 
supportive, and we are -- we'll continue to ride the market as it grows, number one. Number two, 
our quarter one is not necessarily corporate-driven market. Our corporate businesses started well 
within the year. Quarter one is highly skewed on corporate employee wellness driven, which is 
a bit different than corporate employer-employees. And our retail definitely does better than 
corporate even in quarter one. 
Mukul: 
Got it. So sir, any guidance on growth? 
Ajay Shah: 
We intend to beat the market. That's all. 
Mukul: 
Got it. All right. Can I just squeeze in one more question, if okay? 
Pratul Gupta: 
Sure, sure, sure, please. 
Mukul: 
Just on the accounting, I understand that IRDAI has transitioned to Ind AS accounting. And I 
did see the notes on consol also, they are under Ind AS. So I was -- I couldn't sort of understand 
why under consol accounts CARE actually shows a loss because that is also Ind AS and stand-
alone Care is also Ind AS. So if you can just explain me that, I couldn't follow that? 
Ambrish Jindal: 
Yes, Hi, Mukul. I’m Ambrish this side. So I think the regulator has come up with the 
implementation of Ind AS effective 1 April, 26. We as an organization, we took a forbearance 
of one year from the regulator to stabilize the technology and other stuff. And hence, the reason 
the impact of Ind AS 117 is not showing into consolidated accounts and hence, the reason the 

 
 
Religare Enterprises Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
consolidation looks on the negative side and Care Health Insurance stand-alone results on Ind 
AS are looking positive. So that's the only reason.  
 
So from next year onwards, we'll start seeing both the accounts or both the consol results and 
Care health insurance results to be same. 
Mukul: 
Yes. No it came from a fact that you know we are actually market leading ROE business in 
health and the consol necessarily doesn't give the right picture. So the comment was from that 
perspective. 
Ambrish Jindal: 
Yes, Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Amit Thawani from Clearblue Capital 
Advisors LLP. Please go ahead. 
Amit Thawani: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. My first question is I was just looking at the leverage and 
our leverage is in the presentation it is 4.3 which seems to be on the higher side for like a SAHI 
business. Any comments there? 
Ajay Shah: 
No, this year end my sense is will be reduced to around 3.7. Additional capital will be infused 
this year. 
Arjun Lamba: 
I think capital has been earmarked by the promoters through the raise of the pref. And I think 
some part of that capital will be flowing through and I think that should level off the leverage 
ratios it should come down post that. 
Amit Thawani: 
Okay. My second question is that, you know in the retail growth how much is fresh growth and 
how much is port in? 
Ajay Shah: 
See I don't have that numbers. What I can tell is my percentage share of port has come down 
drastically from last year. 
Amit Thawani: 
Okay. 
Management: 
Yes. 
Amit Thawani: 
Okay. And I think that’s it. I have no other questions. I’ll come back in the queue 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Meet Bhuva from Entigrity Ventures and 
Partnerships. Please go ahead. 
Meet Bhuva: 
Hi sir. I think we have seen losses in the financial services business and I am sure that is because 
of the investments that we are doing to fund the growth that company is looking for next phase. 

 
 
Religare Enterprises Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Wanted to understand what kind of numbers or what kind of growth AUM kind of numbers that 
could be looking at in this financial services business? 
Arjun Lamba: 
So I'll just answer that question. You know the CEOs have just joined, some as late as one month 
and some -- Karthik has joined us about three months back. What I can assure you is that we are 
adequately capitalized, the NBFC has a capital of about INR1,000 odd crores, the HFC has a 
capital of about INR200 crores and this will be further topped up by about INR250 crores. 
 
So we do believe that with INR1,500 crores to INR2,000 crores of capital we have ambitions 
for about a INR10,000 crores, INR15,000 crores book size. I think we'll be able to come back 
on the plans. I mean the business teams are busy working their AOPs and all and we'll be coming 
back to you. But rest assured we are ambitious about this business and we will capitalize this 
business at an appropriate stage as and when capital is required. 
Meet Bhuva: 
Okay. And just another question on broking business. I think in broking business there has been 
a revenue de-growth quarter-on-quarter. Just a second, let me also open… 
Vijay Goel: 
Hi, good afternoon I am Vijay Goel. So as we mentioned as Pratul mentioned that we are in the 
process of repairing our business. So a lot of things we are we are correcting and markets were 
also not particularly supporting. So this is just a temporary blip in the business as we build the 
new technology platform and new products. 
 
We have seen the productivity gains. The annual increment happened after that the natural 
attrition also in the business happens. So that was a small reason because of this there's a small 
blip in the -- small drop in the broking side revenues. But our debit book has gone up and our 
interest income has actually gone up. 
Meet Bhuva: 
Okay. 
Vijay Goel: 
Go ahead. 
Meet Bhuva: 
How are you planning to compete with the existing broking players like what kind of mode that 
we are bringing in where the market is already cluttered with multiple brands focusing on niche 
and multiple brands focusing on full service business? 
Vijay Goel: 
To this answer you have to wait. We are currently doing this repairing and the clear direction 
that what kind of model will be built will be clear to us in about one or two quarters and we'll be 
happy to discuss and report it to you that what kind of model we are going to build. 
Arjun Lamba: 
So currently we are playing for productivity and efficiency gains while the work is going on and 
I think in the first quarter we have grown our income broking income… 
Tirlockee Chauhan: 
So just to add on this – this is Tirlockee from Religare Broking. So our quarter one revenue has 
grown up by 7% as we said in the presentation also and this is also grown up from the immediate 
preceding quarter also, sequentially also there… 

 
 
Religare Enterprises Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Pratul Gupta: 
Marginal growth but there is a growth.  
Arjun Lamba:  
So I think work is in progress. I think things are happening as you can see this is our first quarter. 
Rest assured we will be also dependent on the vagaries of the market. But our idea is to increase 
market share as we go forward by also increasing our other businesses whether it is a margin 
funding book, whether it is third-party products, because we do have a platform and we believe 
there is some enough room and scope to grow. But your question is very valid, it's a scattered 
industry, there are a lot of people, they are doing niches, what will we do that is different from 
anybody else? But as Vijay said, we'll come back to you on that. 
Meet Bhuva: 
Okay, no problem. Thank you so much and all the best to the team. 
Arjun Lamba: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Raj Lokhandwala an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Raj Lokhandwala: 
Good evening, thanks for the opportunity. So my question is regarding the competitive intensity 
on the health insurance side. So how is it shaping up in the recent years and how is it affecting 
the profitability in different segments, the retail as well as the group? Thank you. 
Ajay Shah: 
So thanks Raj. So intensity is high on the health insurance, we all understand it and we know 
that. With newer players coming up in the market the intensity only has to go up. But what is 
helping the industry is if you look at the industry, the industry, even the regulator and hospitals 
have come together on defining few things. 
 
At the industry level there are a lot of guidelines which the GIC has laid down, I would call them 
as protocols. They are not GIC led, it is government led guidelines number one. Number two 
WHO led guidelines which GIC has educated the industry. 
 
Number two they are also making a lot of positional statements, positional statement on cataract 
and this. Number three with the blessing of the chairman and CII, the distrust between hospitals 
and the insurance company is bridging gap. 
 
And two major things in that particular piece is NHCX adoption by the hospitals, number two 
is what you call proper code of conduct both by insurance company and the hospital. All this 
make sense will bring about the profitability in spite of competition intensity. 
Raj Lokhandwala: 
Okay, fair enough. And second question is on the proposed demerger. So now that the RBI has 
rejected the proposal, is it fair to assume that the tentative deadline of Q1 FY28 would be slightly 
delayed? 
Arjun Lamba: 
Yes, I mean, I would like to think that is that is correct. But again how much, what happens, I 
think once we re-engage with the regulator we will get back to you at an appropriate time but 
that could be a fair assessment as of now. 

 
 
Religare Enterprises Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Raj Lokhandwala: 
Sure, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Yash Matta, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Yash Matta: 
Hi, good afternoon everyone. My first question is what is the plan for equity raise by Care Health 
Insurance since its solvency ratio is now down to 1.58% as against requirement of 1.5? 
Ambrish Jindal: 
Hi Yash, I think we have a solvency of 1.58 as at the end of June ‘26. We always plan to raise a 
sub-debt in the first quarter, but since capital market was in turmoil at that point in time and 
hence we waited for that and hence there has been a sub-debt raise of INR200 crores in the 
month of August ‘26. 
 
So I think that solves us as of now for the solvency, but as far as the equity capital is concerned, 
we have a plan to ensure that the solvency remains at 1.7x. So we'll be taking appropriate action 
at the appropriate point in time whether we need to further raise capital through equity or through 
sub-debt, but we'll ensure the solvency to be at 1.7x. So I think I think that is what will be driving 
us. 
Arjun Lamba: 
So I would also like to chip in from REL's perspective. I think REL and the other promoter 
Kedaara both of them have stepped in and put money in whenever money is required and as per 
our pref document I think Pratul INR360 crores…. 
Pratul Gupta: 
yes. So out of INR600 crores which has been earmarked for Care, between the two rights issue 
which happened in September 2025 and June 2026, we have already infused over INR376 crores 
and the remaining amount as the warrants get converted shall be available for appropriate 
infusion. 
Arjun Lamba: 
So from REL's perspective that whenever they need money, we are happy to fund because this 
is our growing business, this is the star in the crown in the Jewel currently and we will fund this 
and I mean there's no doubt about that from our end. 
Yash Matta: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Yes, thank you sir for the follow-up. On the recovery side, so I can see that this quarter we have 
collected around INR20 odd crores from the written off book I think. So what is the existing 
pool of written off accounts which is available for us to collect from and right now we are 
collecting INR20 crores but as we are putting in a new team, can we expect this collection to 
meaningfully go up and how much do we want to collect let's say every year for the next two 
three years? 
Srinivasan Karthik: 
So Yes, so the pool is roughly around INR350 crores to INR400 crores of written off book from 
which these collections are happening. In terms of visibility in terms of how this will go quarter-

 
 
Religare Enterprises Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
on-quarter, this is an old book, there are complications in terms of litigation, repossession, these 
are secured loans. 
 
So while we give some guidance in terms of what the annual operating plan is, exact numbers is 
something which only time will tell in terms of how it is. But it's a dwindling book. I think this 
will -- the legacy NPA write off recovery also will start coming down every quarter. 
Arjun Lamba: 
But our best effort is on with each of these cases. We have a team because it is INR350 crores 
INR400 odd crores like Karthik said, we have a team that is focused on this and whatever 
recoveries have to happen will probably happen in the next two years. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. And finally on the demerger side, so understand that this RBI application was rejected. 
Now earlier shareholders wanted a cleaner demerger for maybe Care Health Insurance instead 
of the financial services company which will -- which would have reduced the holding company 
discount. So given that we have also seen some promoter stake increasing, so how are we looking 
into that option and is that option also on the table to sort of do a clean demerger for Care instead 
of the financial services business? 
Arjun Lamba: 
Sarvesh, so there is a new IRDAI guideline that has come out that talks about the collapse of a 
non-insurer into an insurer. I think that's just come out we are evaluating that. More importantly, 
we will look to unlock value but the RBI permission is needed whether we do this demerger or 
the other one. So I think that that is of utmost importance to us to engage which we are with the 
regulator and get their views and try to assuage them and understand what the regulator wants 
us to do. So I think that that is a pre-condition to both. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay, thank you. 
Arjun Lamba: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Amit Thawani from Clearblue Capital 
Advisors LLP. Please go ahead. 
Amit Thawani: 
Hi, sorry I don't know if these questions were covered in previous calls, but just trying to get 
some clarity here. The RFL net worth is INR914 crores and the AUM is only INR53 crores. 
Management: 
Correct. Yes. 
Amit Thawani  
So I mean. 
Pratul Gupta: 
It is sitting -- Amit it is sitting on a cash of over INR610 crores lying in the banks in terms of 
various securities. That's the collections for the business. 
Arjun Lamba: 
What was your question, Amit regarding – what was the question? 
Amit Thawani  
I am not. know my question is that why are we sitting on so much cash in that business? Is there 
a lack of opportunity or something? 

 
 
Religare Enterprises Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Srinivasan Karthik: 
Amit, so this is if you go back in history there was a period of time when the entire activities 
lending activities was under embargo and then the new promoters came in, did a, so lot of legacy 
issues which had to be cleaned up. And I think we are at a point of time when we are rebuilding 
the entire technology stack, soft launching the product. 
 
So a lot of what you see is basically lack of any business for the last 6-7 years in terms of new 
disbursements. So while the net worth has not got really eroded, I mean the cash has been sitting 
on the balance sheet. You will see that -- you will see this profile changing significantly over 
the coming quarters. 
Arjun Lamba: 
To answer your question Amit, we want to start business which we are now aiming to in the next 
quarter or two, maybe less than two quarters, about four months as we speak from here. And this 
cash to be put to use so that we can justify the cash sitting and then have a healthy ROE on this 
cash. 
Amit Thawani: 
Okay, excellent. But I am seeing a similar case even in Religare Housing where our AUM has 
not gone anywhere for the last one year. 
Arjun Lamba: 
So again, just to, because RFL was under PCA ,under CAP and Religare Housing was its 
subsidiary, it could not access market funds for the last seven to eight years. And hence it had 
its book started to shrink and had to shrink over time. But now your question is right looking at 
from today's point of view, but this will correct like Karthik had said with the NBFC as well. 
Amit Thawani: 
Got it, got it. And my last question is, I have actually two questions. The equity in Care that we 
are taking in our investment book is at 5%. Are we looking to increase that because we are seeing 
some other insurers taking a bigger bet on equities and we don't need to take a stock specific bet 
but maybe if we can have a higher exposure to equities any thoughts on that? 
Ajay Shah: 
Sarvesh, at this point of time we want to maintain around 5%, but at the right time we will 
continue evaluating 
Amit Thawani: 
Okay, and ……… 
Moderator: 
Amit, I would request you to please join back the queue for follow-up questions. 
Amit Thawani: 
Yes, I will, I will, yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Meet Bhuva from Entigrity Ventures and 
Partnerships. Please go ahead. 
Meet Bhuva: 
Just a clarity on demerger. So is company exploring opportunities to demerge Care instead of 
financial business I just want to consolidate the thoughts I think this question has been discussed 
multiple times but just want to consolidate the thoughts on this. 
Arjun Lamba: 
No, no, this is not our -- we are engaging with the regulator, only post that will we do anything 
and that this is not under consideration at this particular point of time. 

 
 
Religare Enterprises Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Meet Bhuva: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Lala Ram from LRS Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Lala Ram: 
Good evening gentlemen. I have two questions. Number one, in terms of value unlocking if 
demerger does not happen, do we have a plan B or we continue to remain in the current structure? 
Question number two is how much warrants are remaining to be converted and what is the 
timeline on that? Thank you. 
Pratul Gupta: 
Lala Ram ji your line is a bit echoing, but what we could understand question one is around the 
option B. So as Mr. Lamba mentioned right now we are just engaging with the regulator.  
Arjun Lamba: 
So any value unlock that can be done or should be done requires the RBI approval and the 
regulator's approval. So first we will try to address and rationalize with the regulator whatever 
the queries the regulator has and after that we are open to unlocking value at an appropriate stage 
but this remains our priority number one to try to figure out. 
Lala Ram: 
Got it. 
Pratul Gupta: 
And on the second question we collected 25% of the overall raise which was INR1,500 crores 
that is INR375 crores in September 2025. Thereafter there have been multiple conversions, as 
of today including some conversions which has recently happened in August 2026, we have 
INR618 crores of proceeds out of INR1,500 crores. So what is left is INR881 crores which is 
due for conversion by March 2027. 
Lala Ram: 
Got it. Thank you so much. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Kareena Kaur from Starkloom 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Kareena Kaur: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My question is in regards to Care. So, with Care planning to raise 
an additional INR150 crores of capital through rights issue and INR200 crores through tier 2 
capital, which is also mentioned in your IP, could you give us some color on the key areas of 
deployment? Also, how you see this capital supporting growth and profitability going forward? 
Ambrish Jindal: 
Hi Kareena. So I think as far as the deployment is concerned, this capital was only required to 
support the growth from the business. So the entire money has been invested as per the regulatory 
norms of investment of IRDAI. And I didn't get your second question if I you can repeat so I... 
Pratul Gupta: 
So her second question was about the INR150 crores of equity and INR200 crores of sub debt  
Pratul Gupta: 
Which is already been raised, Kareena. 

 
 
Religare Enterprises Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Ambrish Jindal: 
Which has already been raised. 
Pratul Gupta: 
So quarter one saw an equity raise of INR150 crores by Care and as Ambrish mentioned in the 
current quarter, the company has already raised a sub debt of INR200 crores. And the same has 
been deployed. 
Kareena Kaur: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Pratul Gupta: 
Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Amit Thawani from Clearblue Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Amit Thawani: 
Yes just trying to understand the next round of capital raise by Care will that also be a rights 
issue? 
Arjun Lamba: 
Yes most probably it will be a rights issue. 
Arjun Lamba: 
Yes, it will be a rights issue as things stand today. 
Amit Thawani: 
Okay, okay. Because I was hoping that Religare can give a pref, Care can give a pref to Religare 
so that we can increase our stake in Care. 
Pratul Gupta: 
So we maintain our stake Amit as mentioned. So largely in every rights issue Religare 
Enterprises subscribes not only fully to its quota but there is always some additional 
subscription. So if you see the trend, there has been a marginal uptick in the stake held by 
Religare Enterprises in Care. I am sorry Amit there is a lot of background noise. Yes, I think you 
are on the road. 
Amit Thawani: 
Okay, let me see what I can do about that, sorry. 
Moderator: 
Sir you can wrap up please I have just muted Amit’s line. 
Management: 
Next question? 
Moderator: 
Amit you can proceed please with your next question. 
Amit Thawani: 
Thank you. Just one last question. If I don't know if my understanding is right but at the time 
when the Burmans took over Religare, I believe the approval that RBI had given was a 
conditional approval and that condition was that the Burmans would have to merge their NBFCs 
which they own privately into Religare. Is that understanding correct? And could that be a reason 
why this scheme was rejected because RBI was expecting a composite scheme where a merger 
of the private NBFCs would be included in that scheme. 

 
 
Religare Enterprises Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Pratul Gupta: 
So Amit there is a slight gap in understanding the RBI letter when it comes to the approval. As 
far as the situation is concerned, there is a set of NBFCs within the Religare fold and then there 
are privately held NBFCs. 
 
The observation of RBI is not about merging the two sides of business.  
Arjun Lamba: 
And that was a condition -- that condition -- those conditions have been given RBI has approved 
our directors and RBI has approved our takeover and control. So we will -- and we are not aware 
of this, this was not part of the letter and we are not aware of this. Trust me, we will when we 
engage with the regulator we will update as and when there's something concrete. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we take that as the last question and we conclude the question-
and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pratul Gupta for his closing 
comments. 
Pratul Gupta: 
Thank you, Ryan. Thanks for this session. As always we thank all our shareholders and other 
stakeholders for their interest and trust in us. For any queries we are available at the contact 
details as mentioned on the last slide of the presentation. I thank everyone once again for taking 
out time and wish you all a great evening. 
Management: 
Thank you so much, bye-bye. 
Management: 
Thank you bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Religare Enterprises Limited that concludes this conference call. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
