 
HINDUJA GLOBAL SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
Corporate Office: Gold Hill Square Software Park, No. 690, 1st Floor, Hosur Road, Bommanahalli, Bengaluru - 560 068. India. Telephone: +91-80-4643 1000 / 4643 1222 
Regd. Office: Tower C (1st floor), Plot C-21, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai – 400 051. India. Telephone: +91-22-6136 0407, 
E-mail: investor.relations@hgs.com Website: www.hgs.com Corporate Identity Number: L92199MH1995PLC084610 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relation Dept.  
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001. 
Scrip Code : 532859 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
”Exchange Plaza”  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)  
Mumbai - 400 051. 
Symbol : HGS 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on August 10, 2026 
 
This is in continuation to Q1 & FY2026-27 Earnings Conference Call of Hinduja Global 
Solutions Limited held on August 10, 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirement), 
Regulations 2015, we wish to attach herewith the transcript of Q1 & FY 2026-27 Earnings 
Conference Call of the Company held on August 10, 2026. 
 
The transcript can also be accessed using: https://hgs.com/investors/  
 
Thanking you, 
  
For Hinduja Global Solutions Limited 
  
 
 
Narendra Singh 
Company Secretary 
F4853 
 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
NAREN
DRA 
SINGH
Digitally signed 
by NARENDRA 
SINGH 
Date: 2026.08.14 
17:32:53 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hinduja Global Solutions Limited 
Q1 FY2027 Earnings Conference Call 
August 10, 2026 
 
Key Speakers: 
 
Mr. Venkatesh Korla - Global Chief Executive Officer, HGS 
Mr. Vynsley Fernandes - Whole Time Director, HGS & CEO of NXTDIGITAL Media Business 
Mr. Mahesh Kumar Nutalapati - Global CFO, HGS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 24 
Hinduja Global Solutions Limited 
Q1 FY’27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 10, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to the Q1 FY 2027 
Earnings Conference Call of Hinduja Global Solutions Limited. 
From the Senior Management we have with us today Mr. Venkatesh Korla - 
Global Chief Executive Officer, HGS, Mr. Vynsley Fernandes - Whole Time 
Director, HGS and CEO of NXTDIGITAL Media Businesses and Mr. Mahesh 
Kumar Nutalapati - Global Chief Financial Officer, HGS. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in a listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Anand Venugopal from Adfactors PR. Thank you and over to you 
sir. 
Anand Venugopal: 
Thank you, Nirav. Good evening, everyone. We welcome you to the Q1 FY 
2027 Earnings Call of Hinduja Global Solutions Limited. 
Before we begin, I would like to highlight that some of the statements made 
during today's call may be forward-looking in nature. These statements 
involve risks and uncertainties, including those related to the company's 
future financial and operational performance. Additionally, in the unlikely 
event of a call drop during the conference, we will ensure the call is 
reconnected at the earliest. 
I now invite Venkatesh sir to deliver the opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 

 
Page 3 of 24 
Venkatesh Korla: 
Excellent. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I am 
Venkatesh Korla – Global CEO of HGS. 
I will start with a brief update on our overall performance for Q1 FY 2027 and 
then share some of the key developments that are shaping our growth 
journey. 
This quarter reflects our continued focus on execution, capability building, 
and positioning HGS for its next phase of growth. We are working through a 
planned transition with some legacy contracts, completing as expected while 
newer engagements continue to ramp. 
Although the revenue contribution from these wins will build progressively 
over time, we are encouraged by the momentum we are seeing in areas such 
as AI-led transformation, digital modernization, platform services, and 
intelligent operations. We believe the portfolio we are building today is 
strategically stronger, more aligned to evolving client needs, and better 
positioned to drive sustainable growth in the years ahead. 
Moving on to the Slide #4, snapshot of HGS final performance: 
• 
For Q1 FY 2027, our revenue from operations stood at Rs. 1,050.4 
crores. And total income was Rs. 1,201.2 crores. 
• 
Total EBITDA stood at Rs. 116.3 crores with EBITDA margins at 9.7%. 
Two things stick behind that number: 
1. The contracts running off are doing so on schedule as 
expected. 
2. The new business replacing them carries a different profile. 
More technology content, more offshore delivery, and 
increasingly commercials tied to outcomes rather than 
headcount. The impact on margins is immediate because of 
ramp and training costs. 
Looking at business highlights for the quarter: 

 
Page 4 of 24 
During the quarter, we made steady progress on several business priorities. 
We are seeing multiple AI-embedded client engagements move forward. 
These are not just pilots or proof points anymore. Increasingly, clients are 
looking at AI as part of real operating models, where the focus is on 
measurable outcomes, productivity, speed, quality, and business impact. 
We added 19 new logos across CX and digital services, and 8 clients in HRO 
and payroll processing. That is encouraging because it shows continued client 
confidence in our capabilities, even in a cautious demand environment. 
However, many of these relationships are at an early stage, particularly within 
the OSS business, and we expect revenue contribution to build progressively 
as projects mature and the scope expands. 
Our pipeline remains strong in areas such as agentic AI, process automation, 
contact center, digital modernization, and platform services. 
We have also strengthened our focus on domain hiring, fractional advisors, 
and solutions build-out, which are important as we move deeper into 
specialized outcome-led engagements. 
Another important development was the incorporation of HGS MENA IT 
Consulting LLC in Dubai. This will help us build technology and consulting 
capabilities across the MENA region and support our expansion strategy. 
We continue to see encouraging external validation of our strategy and 
execution. In Q1, we received recognition for our AI-led innovation and 
employee experience initiatives, while analyst firms including Forrester, 
Everest Group, and Avasant highlighted our capabilities, sector expertise, and 
evolving position in the market. 
Overall, the quarter reflects the continued focus on discipline, execution, 
expansion, and innovation. 
Driving business growth through delivery of intelligent experiences, let me 
now spend a few minutes on where we are headed as a business: 

 
Page 5 of 24 
Over the past few quarters, we have been deliberate in sharpening our 
market position. The opportunity today expands well beyond traditional CX 
or digital operations. 
Clients are looking for partners who can bring together technology, data, AI, 
automation, and operational expertise to deliver clear business outcomes, 
create better experiences for our customers and employees, and provide 
leaders with the insights needed to make smarter decisions. 
When businesses reimagine entire processes around these outcomes, the 
impact goes far beyond efficiency. It creates stronger customer relationships, 
improves agility, and builds a competitive advantage that is difficult to 
replicate. 
Clients are increasingly seeking trusted partners who can help them drive 
end-to-end transformation and translate technology investments into real 
business value. HGS is positioned well to win in this space and aspires to be a 
leader in helping businesses move from cost savings to revenue generation. 
Enterprises are moving AI pilots to AI execution across industries. We are 
seeing AI adoption accelerate, but the conversation has clearly changed. 
Today, enterprises are asking sharper questions around ROI, business value, 
speed-to-value, governance, and scalability. This is very evident from my 
recent meetings with clients and prospects. 
That shift plays to HGS’ strengths. We have always understood operations 
deeply. We understand workflows, customer journeys, compliance needs, 
and the complexity of execution and executing large transformation on a 
global scale. 
When that operational depth is combined with AI, automation, data, and 
platforms, the opportunity becomes much more powerful. Our focus is very 
clear. We want to help clients move from AI pilots to AI execution. In other 
words, not just deploying technology, but ensuring that it delivers measurable 
business impact for our clients. 
HGS is turning brand promise into business action: 

 
Page 6 of 24 
At the end of March 2026, we introduced a sharper market position for HGS 
as an intelligent experiences partner. Since then, our focus has been on 
translating that position into action across the business. In line with our new 
position, we have clarified our portfolio under three solution areas: 
• 
Intelligent Interactions. 
• 
Intelligent Operations. 
• 
Intelligent Platforms. 
This will enable us to convey our end-to-end capabilities and our proven 
expertise in AI and automation. A key part of this is our focus on outcome-led 
engagements and production-ready innovation. Our 90-day proof of value 
model is designed to help clients go in with more clarity, move faster to 
outcomes, and scale with confidence.  
We believe this formula is a strong differentiator in the market, and it is 
resonating with customers. We are verticalizing into four markets where we 
have real depth - BFSI, Consumer Products and Retail, Healthcare, Public 
Sector and Utilities.  
Verticalization is a mechanism, not a badge. It means codifying what we know 
into reusable assets, vertical agent libraries, and package solutions. So, the 
second client benefits from the first. 
We are also continuing to strengthen our delivery, talent, and go-to-market 
capabilities. Alongside this, we are building a growing portfolio of package 
solutions, accelerators, and AI-powered platforms, including investments in 
Agent X® and workflow-centric AI capabilities. 
For us, this is not just a brand statement. It is a clear operating direction for 
the company. As an example, I will go through a case study, a 360-degree 
approach to customer understanding. Let me share an example from the 
manufacturing sector that highlights how connected data can drive 
meaningful business outcomes: 
The client, a beverage can-manufacturing company, was managing critical 
sales, production, inventory, and customer data across multiple SAP and non-

 
Page 7 of 24 
SAP systems, making it difficult to get a unified view of operations and making 
agile decisions. 
HGS just built a cloud-based analytics platform on Azure that brought these 
data sources together into a single view, enabling better planning, 
forecasting, and decision-making. The results were significant, 99% sales 
forecast accuracy, 70% inventory cost optimization, 95% production planning 
accuracy, and improved responsiveness to customer demand. It's a strong 
example of how data and analytics can translate into measurable business 
value. 
In closing, let me finish with what we are actually seeing within our business: 
First, the pricing shift – We intend to move a growing share of our 
contract value onto outcome-linked and non-headcount commercial 
structures. This is the single most important thing we are doing 
because it is what turns AI-driven productivity into our margins. 
Second, Placing the runoff with better revenue – The contracts we 
have lost were largely labor-priced. The contracts we are winning 
carry technology content and offshore-weighted delivery. We expect 
that to show in the margin structure ahead of revenue cycle in 
following quarters. 
Third, Proof over promises – Every offer we take to market comes with 
a 90-day proof of value and defined outcomes. If it does not work, the 
client does not pay for it. We will hold ourselves to that. While the 
revenue line does not yet reflect it, this is not a fault. It is a deliberate 
change to what we sell and how we get paid for it. And the market is 
moving towards it and not away from it. 
Again, thank you all. And I am now going to hand over to Vyns to talk about 
our Media business. Here you go, Vyns. 
Vynsley Fernandes: 
Yes. Thank you, Venk. Good evening, everyone. And thank you for joining us 
today. 

 
Page 8 of 24 
I am going straight to Slide #11. And to share with you all, it's actually been a 
very, very strong start to the fiscal on the broadband front and there have 
been several key aspects and several key factors driving that. 
I am going to actually start on the reverse, which is the third point, which is 
challenges on the digital television vertical front: 
As you all know, there are significant headwinds impacting digital television 
or the linear TV business. And those are not just industry wide in India, but 
also pretty much globally. And rather than take them in our stride, we have 
taken it head on and we focused instead on what would be the appropriate 
mitigation aspects. And if you look at the challenges that are facing the 
business, the DTV business, we have been able to mitigate them through a lot 
of aspects, not just broadband, but also cost optimization is as adjacent to 
innovative measures as important. 
There have been a whole slew of innovative measures that we have rolled 
out, which is bundling broadband with DTV in certain markets, rolling out 
IPTV, and of course, cost optimization, which we will continue to focus on. 
That is something that as a business, it is we are beholden to look under every 
rock and every crevice to figure out how to make the business more robust. 
That is on the DTV front. 
On the Broadband front: 
CelerityX, which is the enterprise business of OIL as I mentioned in the last 
quarter, has been identified as one of the forward growth engines for the 
future. And we have been putting in a lot of effort on that front. And we are 
quite pleased to let you all know that we have seen not just new prestigious 
logos being added in the last quarter, but also more importantly, and this is 
very important, we have been able to get in, corporates for repeat orders and 
repeat contracts are very, very critical, because and why are they significant? 
Because corporates, number one, it reflects the faith they have in the services 
and the solutions of CelerityX. But more importantly, from a ONEOTT 
iNTERTAINMENT Limited (OIL) perspective, a repeat contract is a longer 

 
Page 9 of 24 
duration contract. And that is something that gives us great comfort and 
confidence. 
The third point and I am going to spend some time on the next slide itself. So, 
if I request you to go to the next slide, Slide #13, actually, which says ““Project 
Ganga”” was launched on 9 June 2026: 
This is, in fact, not just for ONEOTT iNTERTAINMENT Limited, but this is a 
matter of great pride for the entire nation, because it's a very unique project 
that was flagged off by India by the Honorable Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, 
Shri Yogi Adityanath Ji on the 9th of June 2026. It is truly a project, truly an 
initiative, not just in digital transformation, but also in social upliftment and 
pretty much expands all across the 75 districts of Uttar Pradesh. And as you 
can see from the slide, which is on your screen, there's been significant 
amount of coverage, not just from the television channels and the news 
networks, but right across the board, because that is indeed the complete 
focus for the nation in terms of digital inclusion also, as all of you know, has 
been one of the pillars for growth. 
What makes it really interesting, and I am going to go to the next slide, which 
is an update on “Project Ganga”. The title says ““Project Ganga” Update”: 
We just launched this on 9th of June 2026. And just to recap for everyone, 
this initiative focuses on empowering youth. We are looking to support the 
Government of Uttar Pradesh with enabling about 8,000 to 10,000 
entrepreneurs of the Nyaya Panchayat. Nyaya Panchayat is a collective of 
Gram Panchayats to be developed into independent digital service providers 
(DSPs) with 50% of them being women. And this is a very important factor 
that we have been focusing on. 
And over the next two to three years, “Project Ganga”, which as you know, is 
an acronym for “Government Assisted Network for Growth and 
Advancement” (GANGA), will look to connect over 2 million households with 
high-speed broadband. And you see the photographs on the right; those are 
actual training that have been done. 

 
Page 10 of 24 
We have received about 2000 applications on the “Project Ganga” portal and 
mobile app as of 4th August in terms of getting this report ready. And as of 
today, we are very proud that about 500 such applicants have been trained in 
business operations, technology and field services. 
It has parameters for selection. And on the basis of that, we shortlist people 
in training that you look at those three photographs are in Noida, Prayagaraj 
and Lucknow. And of course, there's an online dedicated training system that 
we have developed, which is a “Project Ganga LMS”, Learning Management 
System. This has been developed and with a very clear focus again with 
guidance that people in the most remote areas who may have challenges of 
travel and making it to the cities or towns for training, will be able to access 
the online training modules because there is a certification process and be a 
part of the potential “Project Ganga DSP Growth”. 
So, that is on this slide, which says “Project Ganga” update. And I will in the 
next meeting and the next quarter that we have, I will share with you KPIs, 
Key Performance Indices in terms of how many people have been not just 
trained, but also how many people their network have received their loan 
from the CM YUVA Scheme, how many people have been have rolled out their 
networks and how many customers they have onboarded. Because as you 
know, ONEOTT iNTERTAINMENT and the broadband vertical of Hinduja Global 
Solutions is tasked with being the knowledge partner and enabler. And our 
role is to handhold these potential DSPs or DSPs once they are 
operationalized, all the way up to helping them roll out their technology 
networks, as well as helping them market their services to customers and 
turning into a DSP business.  
With that, I am going to the next slide. And just before going to the KPIs, that 
we have always been in the news for the right reasons. And we are quite 
happy. If you look at the news, in addition to the entire “Project Ganga” 
coverage, which is significant, we have also been in the news in terms of our 
growth factor, in terms of what our strategy is. And all that the investments 
that we have made the not just in people and technology, but also in 
processes and innovation and ideas like “Project Ganga”, of course, all of 

 
Page 11 of 24 
those have been able to kind of we have been bestowed with the best future 
networks of the year. 
If you look at Slide 15, on the right-hand side, this is very critical, because it's 
the award essentially sites are on consistent innovation and technology. And 
the fact that we continue to leverage our vast partner driven network. So, it 
is not just building our own networks, but also leveraging our partner 
networks, something that I have shared with you all in terms of the success 
of CelerityX. 
And as Venk was mentioning, we are focusing and we are harnessing and 
enhancing the HGS global approach of harnessing the three A’s – Artificial 
Intelligence, Analytics and Automation. And a lot of our processes, a lot of our 
technology, are being leveraged to build out an integrated connectivity mesh 
across the country. This is something that we have been doing quite 
effectively, and that is Slide #15. 
Moving on to Slide #16 now. This is something we monitor, as I mentioned to 
you, I think, literally on a daily basis, because this reflects truly the strength 
of a broadband company, or the strength of a broadband network, in terms 
of the customer adoption or the customer adaptation to packages, and 
upgrades and upselling. And if you look at the shift in customer mix on Slide 
#16, pretty much high-speed adoption, which was barely in the low single 
digits, about a year and a half ago, already it's risen from about 11% last year, 
this time to 15% on an expanding subscriber base. 
If you look at the two pies up on the on the left-hand side, it talks about 101 
Mbps to 200 Mbps, 8% and greater than 200 Mbps. So, that's 11% in Q1 last 
year, that has moved, if you look on the right-hand side to 15% in those two 
segments in this quarter. 
The other thing that gives us also a lot of comfort and confidence is that 
customers are choosing higher base plans at start. That base plan of 10 to 30 
Mbps, which is like an entry pack, the customers opting for it is reduced from 
22% to 18%. And that bodes pretty well. Of course, the mid band, which is 31 

 
Page 12 of 24 
to 100 Mbps, that's pretty much stable at around 67%. But the 51 to 100 again 
has continued to move up. 
All in all, for anyone tracking how future growth or future revenue structuring 
or future broadband offtake across the country looks like, a great measure to 
show that the package uptakes will continue to increase as people opt for 
better packages at start. And this is, of course, aided by sustained upselling 
and rising data consumption as people are looking at so many more apps and 
other aspects. 
So, that is pretty much it from my side. Thank you all for listening patiently to 
me. With that, I am going to hand over to my colleague, Mahesh Nutalapati, 
who is our global CFO. 
Mahesh, thank you. And if I can hand over to you, please.  
Mahesh Kumar Nutalapati: Thanks, Vyns. Thank you. Good evening, everyone. And thank you very 
much for joining us. 
As you would have heard from both Venk and Vyns in their respective 
business updates, this has been a quarter of deliberate, disciplined execution 
across both sides of the business, sharpening our position as an intelligent 
experiences partner, adding around 19 new logos in CX and digital services, 
and 8 in HRO and payroll, incorporating HGS MENA in Dubai, and building a 
strong pipeline in Agentic AI and platform services. 
On the Media side, as Vyns mentioned, “Project Ganga” was launched in June 
by the Honorable Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh. 
CelerityX continued to add and renew enterprise logos. And we have kept the 
digital television headwinds well mitigated through cost optimization 
strategies and initiatives that were put underway. 
What I will now take you through is the financial expressions of that agenda. 
The 1st Quarter reflects a business that is holding its revenue-based study 
while we invest ahead of the curve in sales and solutioning, and domain 

 
Page 13 of 24 
talent, and in our AI capability built. I will walk you through the consolidated 
performance, the balance sheet, and our revenue composition, and then 
close with how we see the year progressing. 
So, turning to the numbers for the 1st Quarter of FY27: 
The headline is business holding its revenue-based broadly study, with 
profitability for the quarter absorbing the investments and planned phase-
out of a large client engagement and its related one-time costs, fairly in line 
with what Venk and Vyns have just described. 
So, let me take you all through it. I am on Slide #18: 
Revenue from operations for the quarter stood at Rs. 1,050.4 crores, 
moderating around 3.2% sequentially, and marginally lower by 0.6% year-on-
year. 
Total income was Rs. 1,201.2 crores, down 4.3% sequentially, and up 1.2% 
year-on-year. Depreciation for the quarter is at Rs. 123.6 crores, as compared 
to Rs.134.9 crores in the last quarter. Interest cost has come down to Rs. 45.5 
crores from Rs.48.1 crores sequentially, and Rs.57.9 crores year-on-year, 
reflecting continued discipline on the debt book. 
Other income for the quarter is at INR 150.8 crores, as against INR 170.0 
crores in the previous quarter, and higher by around 15.1% on a year-on-year 
basis. 
Profit before tax before exceptional item is at negative Rs. (-52.8) crores, as 
compared to a positive of Rs. (+14.1) crores in the previous quarter, and Rs. (-
26.5) crores in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. 
There are no exceptional items this quarter, as against Rs. 4.8 crores in the 
previous quarter, relating to the new Labor Codes. 
Taxes for the quarter are at Rs. 13.5 crores, as against Rs. 22.9 crores in the 
previous quarter, and Rs. 19.9 crores year-on-year basis. The total PAT for the 
quarter is at negative Rs. (-66.3) crores, as compared to negative Rs. (-13.6) 

 
Page 14 of 24 
crores in the previous quarter, and positive Rs. (+11.2) crores in the 
corresponding quarter last year. Noting that the year-ago quarter included Rs. 
57.5 crores from discontinued operations, which does not repeat in this 
quarter. 
Total EBITDA is at Rs. 116.3 crores, with a margin of 9.7%, as compared to 
15.7% in the previous quarter, and 13.5% year-on-year. 
On margins, let me clarify about the drivers: 
This is not compressed because of any demand or delivery. Operating 
expenses have stayed broadly flat, around INR 1,084.9 crores while revenue 
moderated. And the quarter also absorbed one-time costs related to planned 
phase-out of large client engagement, and also some front-loading of 
investments in sales, solutions, domain hiring, and our AI capability build, 
including Agent X® and the 90-day POV model that Venk spoke to. 
Consistent with what we have said in our prior quarters, we view this as a 
one-time cost and investment phase absorption, rather than any structural 
change in our earning power. 
And we expect operating leverage to return as volume normalizes and these 
investments commercialize. 
Moving on to Slide #19, which is the balance sheet: 
Our balance sheet remains strong. Total assets to that INR 11,474 crores as of 
June ‘26, against INR 11,556.7 crores in March ‘26. And total equity is at INR 
8,402.5 crores against INR 8,436.1 crores. Broadly stable through the quarter. 
Other equity includes non-controlling interest of INR 111.3 crores as of June 
‘26, against INR 119.6 crores as of March ‘26. Gross treasury and cash surplus 
is INR 6,605 crores against total borrowings of INR 1,279 crores, leaving a net 
treasury and cash surplus of INR 5,326 crores as compared to INR 5,346 crores 
at the end of March. 

 
Page 15 of 24 
Liquidity remains solid. Gearing ratios are comfortable and working capital 
metrics are stable. Collection discipline continues to hold, and we are funding 
our growth initiatives including “Project Ganga” primarily through internal 
accruals. 
Moving on to Slide #20. Revenue composition by source and vertical on a base 
of INR 1,050.4 crores. The left side shows revenue by source. So, CX services 
accounts for 54% of operating revenue and digital and Media services for 
46%, consistent with the balance we have carried through FY26. 
The right-side shows split by vertical. Tech, Media and Telecom continue to 
be our largest vertical at 46% of the total revenue. CG and Retail at 19%, BFSI 
at 17% and Public Sector at 12%, primarily from the UK and Canada. 
Health and Life Sciences at 3% and others at 4%. The direction here is 
deliberate. Our vertical mix has become more diversified compared with prior 
quarters, with lower dependence on our largest vertical and broader base 
across BFSI, Retail and Public Sectors, which is exactly the portfolio rebalance 
we have committed at the start of FY27. 
Moving on to Slide #21, revenue composition by origination and delivery: 
From an origination standpoint, India accounted for 40% of revenue for the 
quarter, US 30%, UK 16% with Australia, Canada and others adding up to the 
balance 15%. From a delivery standpoint, India accounted for 40%, US 20%, 
Philippines 15%, UK 14% with Canada and others making up the remaining 
11%. 
Our delivery footprint remains well diversified across geographies, giving us a 
benefit of both cost flexibility as well as resilience. 
A point I would like to underline, picking up from Venk's remarks, our 
investments in Agentic AI, Agent X® and our platform portfolio are steadily 
moving from build phase to commercialization. With multiple AI-embedded 
client engagements now in progress and a strong pipeline in Agentic AI, 
contact center modernization and platform services, there is a near-term 
margin absorption as we are going to scale up these capabilities, but the client 

 
Page 16 of 24 
pool we are seeing gives us confidence that this is a medium-term margin 
accretive and not a dilutive one. 
Looking ahead, we remain cautiously optimistic, macro uncertainties and 
client prudence may persist in the near term and our 1st Quarter reflects that, 
but with a stable revenue base, a strong balance sheet, a well-diversified 
portfolio and a clear AI-like differentiation, we are positioned for a gradual 
improvement in both growth and margins through the year. Our priority 
remains sustainable profitable growth with continued rigor on cost, 
productivity and capital efficiencies. 
With that, I would like to end my presentation. Thank you once again for all 
of you for your continued trust and partnership. With that, I am handing it 
back to the moderator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
First question is from the line of Prisha Shah from Shah family office. Please 
go ahead. Prisha, may I request you to unmute your line and proceed with 
your question? Prisha, can you hear us? Due to no response, we move on to 
the next participant. Next question is from the line of Ankit Jain from Gravita 
Consulting. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Jain: 
Good evening all of you. Thank you for giving me this opportunity. Am I 
audible to all of you? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Go ahead. 
Ankit Jain: 
I just wanted to understand that we read in certain sections of the Media that 
the Project Ganga is going to be on no profit, no loss sort of a situation. Just 
wanted to understand what margins are we anticipating in Project Ganga? Is 
it the normal pricing that we are doing like we are doing in all other cases or 
will it be a subsidized program where we will be bearing the cost of the 
implementation? 
Vynsley Fernandes: 
If I may take that. Mr. Jain, good evening. Vynsley here, can you hear me, sir? 
Ankit Jain: 
Yes, I can hear you. 

 
Page 17 of 24 
Vynsley Fernandes: 
So, in terms of Project Ganga, we are the enabler and the knowledge partner. 
So, from our perspective, obviously, our role expands right up to handholding 
and commissioning the partner. Your point is  valid in terms of what would be 
the broadband pricing, what would be the margins and how the business 
would operate. Let me put it to you slightly differently. The idea is that 
because of the scale of over 2 million homes to be connected, there remains 
enough of traction. And just to share with you, it's already pretty much public 
knowledge in terms of the pricing that's going to be rolled out. The pricing is 
in line with the competition that is there in Uttar Pradesh today in terms of 
national competition as well as local. So, pricing is not the competition, what 
we are supporting the State Transformation Commission and the Project 
Ganga team is to ensure the quality of service because that is what the 
challenge is today. 
So, from that perspective, when you look at it, and rightly you pointed out the 
no profit, no loss aspect, that is in terms of helping support the networks to 
roll out. But in terms of a pure ISP providing broadband, providing internet 
services, that remains very much what we are doing in all markets and what 
is currently prevalent in the state of Uttar Pradesh. I hope that has provided 
some level of clarity, Mr. Jain. 
Ankit Jain: 
Yes. So, this will not be a negative cash flow play in your view also, is it? 
Vynsley Fernandes: 
It is not a negative cash flow at all. That is the reason why we looked at it from 
a no profit, no loss perspective because for one simple reason, the process, 
see, let me put it differently. The expertise that we are bringing are from in-
house people. 
We already have the resources in-house. We already have the capabilities in-
house. We already have the training team in-house. So, from a perspective of 
handholding, we already have the resources, the capabilities and the 
capacities. And from an ISP perspective, that is a completely different game 
in terms of being able to help connect them and provide them the bandwidth. 
So, yes, to your answer, absolutely. We agree with you. 
Ankit Jain: 
Thank you. 

 
Page 18 of 24 
Moderator: 
Do you have any follow-up question? 
Ankit Jain: 
No. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Aniruddha Sharma 
from Ekant Investments. Please go ahead. 
Aniruddha Sharma: 
Hi, sir. Good evening. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, go ahead. 
Aniruddha Sharma: 
Yes. So, my first question is that you added 19 new CX Digital logos in Q1. So, 
how should we think about the ramp-up for these clients? And when do you 
expect them to start contributing meaningfully to the revenue growth? 
Venkatesh Korla: 
I will take the question. This is Venk. Can you hear me? 
Aniruddha Sharma: 
Yes. 
Venkatesh Korla: 
Yes. So, typically, once we add new clients, it takes around 6 to 8 months 
before you start seeing the benefits of that revenue and scale. Initially, it 
starts off as a small amount of work around $150,000 to $300,000 and then 
eventually it scales up. In the first 3 months or so, there is actually training 
and onboarding and ramp-up costs that you incur. That is, to some degree, 
you will see some margin impacts in the initial months as we grow. But before 
the end of the year, we should start seeing growth and being margin-
attractive to the company. If that answers your question. 
Aniruddha Sharma: 
Understood. So, my next question is that with the strong addition of the new 
logos, what do you see as the key factor limiting faster revenue growth right 
now? Is it the time taken for the clients to ramp up or is it the deal size or is it 
the growth in the existing business? 
Venkatesh Korla: 
It's a combination of both. See, growth in the existing business continues to 
exist. There are some deliberate ramp-downs as I mentioned in my 
presentation that will continue to happen and we should be coming to an end 
of that before the end of this current fiscal year. As we add these new clients, 
they are going to be smaller in size compared to the past clients because with 

 
Page 19 of 24 
AI, the actual revenue size goes marginally smaller than in the past. But on 
the other hand, margin is higher. Therefore, we expect higher margins and 
revenue growth to pick up before the end of the year. 
As far as the limiting factors, it is ramp-up. Essentially, it takes time to 
transition from the customer, get the training done, and get people deployed 
into the projects. 
Aniruddha Sharma: 
Okay, sir. So, one last question from my side. Do you expect the pace of new 
logo additions to remain strong through FY27 or was Q1 an unusual strong 
quarter in this regard? 
Venkatesh Korla: 
I expect it to continue to stay strong. In fact, in the last quarter or the end of 
the last fiscal year, I did talk about we added approximately 78 or 79 new 
logos in all last fiscal year. We are continuing to see similar types of growth. 
But all these logos do take time to generate revenue because you need to 
establish trust, you need to establish ramp-up and then drive the growth with 
the customer. 
Aniruddha Sharma: 
Okay, sir. Understood. So, thank you for the opportunity, sir. That's it from my 
side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prisha Shah from Shah's Family 
Office. Please go ahead. Prisha Shah, may I request you to unmute your line 
and proceed with your question? 
Prisha Shah: 
Hi, sir. Good evening. I have a couple of questions. So, starting with the strong 
demand which you are seeing for Agentic AI and the APAs. So, are clients now 
moving from pilots to production deployments? And what would be the 
typical timeline for this particular transition to happen? 
Venkatesh Korla: 
Customers badly want to move from pilots to production deployments. But 
for sure, there is a demand for that. The question is, are they ready for it? And 
the challenge that we continue to see is not all customers are ready with the 
data story and the governance story related to move to that phase. So, albeit 
the fact that there is high demand, there is also the challenge that the 
customer may not be 100% ready, or they have an understanding of what 

 
Page 20 of 24 
need to change in their internal governance structures and how they deploy 
their teams for the new way of working with Agentic AI. We are definitely 
seeing a transition. We think that over the course of this year, we will see that 
progress and the deployments become larger and larger as we progress 
through the year. 
Prisha Shah: 
Understood, sir. And my other question would be, where do you see HGS 
having a sustainable edge in AI given that the underlying technology is 
becoming increasingly commoditized these days? So, where do you see HGS 
in this particular scenario? 
Venkatesh Korla: 
Actually, HGS benefits from the idea of underlying technology becoming 
commoditized. Because the underlying AI foundational models are getting 
commoditized. But applying the foundational models to a specific industry 
problem and a specific process re-engineering problem is something that is 
unique to that customer and that company. And that is where HGS stands out. 
HGS’ history has always been helping customers re-engineer their process 
and running those processes effectively and efficiently. In the past, we did it 
with a huge number of talent and team members. 
Today, it is a hybrid of talent and AI technology that you are able to deliver 
that value to the customer. So, I think as the foundation models become more 
commoditized, it actually benefits HGS because the cost of the foundation 
model goes down. Therefore, the customer will be willing to spend more time 
in really adopting the technology to their use. Hope that makes sense for you. 
Prisha Shah: 
Understood, sir. Very well answered. So, my last question would be how we 
as an investor measure the success of Agent X® over the next, let's say, 12 to 
18 months’ time in terms of the customers, deployments, revenue or 
expansion within the existing accounts, if you may answer that. 
Venkatesh Korla: 
Yes, I mean, as we look to the future, one of the big things that we are looking 
at is how many customers are using and how many contracts that we have, 
have AI embedded in them. It is less about AI specific revenue because 
technically, every piece of work we should be doing in the future should have 
AI as a component of it. One of the things that we can potentially start looking 

 
Page 21 of 24 
at tracking is how much of the revenue is influenced by AI. That is something 
we can take away as a question and see how we can measure that and report 
it out. 
Prisha Shah: 
Okay, thank you, sir. Understood. That were all my questions. Thank you and 
all the best. 
Moderator: 
Yes. Thank you. Next follow-up question is from Ekant Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Aniruddha Sharma: 
I just had a few more follow-up questions on my side. So, I just wanted to 
know how has the new intelligent experience positioning changed the 
conversations you are having with clients compared with the traditional VPN 
CX offerings? 
Venkatesh Korla: 
We are seeing a lot of traction and excitement with the clients related to the 
idea of intelligent experiences. That is starting to translate into leads coming 
in, existing customers reaching out, both intrigued by what it means and also 
to understand how they can adopt it. It has created an excitement around the 
concept. And from our perspective, after all, an intelligent experience is 
actually taking the experience and making it contextual, making it data-
driven, making it knowledge-enabled with both human and AI team members 
working together. So, as we look to the future, we think that this will continue 
to drive demand and drive value for our customers. In the current world, 
especially with AI technology getting commoditized as a previous caller was 
asking, what's happening is more and more of the large brands are seeing a 
risk to their own business where they can be disrupted with a small AI-
enabled team that can come and disrupt their business. The only competitive 
differentiator these large brands will be able to create for the future is 
customer loyalty and brand affinity by their consumers, which can be gained 
and created or maintained for the long term through delivering some of the 
exceptional customer experiences that you can deliver. And those customer 
experiences are dependent on creating context, which is nothing, but what 
we are calling as intelligent experiences. So, we are seeing a lot of excitement. 

 
Page 22 of 24 
Aniruddha Sharma: 
Okay, understood. So, are you seeing larger or more integrated deals as a 
result of this positioning? And could just gradually improve the quality of HGS 
revenue mix? 
Venkatesh Korla: 
Yes, we see every new deal that we have closed recently has AI components 
enabled in it. Either it is leading to running the operation and process using AI 
as at least 20% to 30% of the work, eventually scaling to almost 60% to 70% 
is what we foresee as the customers get more comfortable with AI performing 
the job. Or we see scenarios where a customer wants to get into intelligent 
experiences, leading into a large amount of additional project or additional 
work that is related to data and analytics. Because fundamentally to get 
intelligent experiences going, you need to get your systems integrated, your 
data quality cleaned up, and data throughput figured out. And then on top of 
it, the governance before you can deliver any AI driven experience. So, we are 
seeing a lot of the footprint of the types of work becoming more multi-
towered deals. As the time progresses, we expect this to drive higher 
revenues and higher margins to our business. 
Aniruddha Sharma: 
Okay, sir. Just one last question from my side. If we look at FY27 as a whole, 
where do you see the biggest acceleration coming from? Is it from the existing 
client-exec expansion or is it new logos or is it AI, digital or is it broadband? 
Venkatesh Korla: 
I expect the largest expansion growth driver is in the AI digital space. But as 
always, existing clients drive growth because establishing a new client, 
gaining the credibility with that client and driving growth from that takes 
time. Existing clients believing in the new concept of intelligent experiences 
and starting to adopt AI and digital technology for their needs is where the 
growth is going to come from in FY27. 
Aniruddha Sharma: 
Okay, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you for answering my question, sir. 
Moderator: 
Of course. Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as 
the last question. And now in the conference, over to the Management for 
closing remarks. 

 
Page 23 of 24 
Vynsley Fernandes: 
Mahesh, would you like to go first and then Venk can go last to close 
everything. Mahesh? 
Mahesh Kumar Nutalapati: Yes, sorry I was on mute.  
Vynsley Fernandes: 
No problem. Maybe you want to go first and then I will go and then Venk can 
do the honors of closing. 
Mahesh Kumar Nutalapati: Sure, sure. Thank you everyone for joining us and hearing about what are 
our plans and how this quarter is being spanned. As I mentioned earlier, we 
remain cautiously optimistic with macro uncertainties and of course the client 
prudence where clients are waiting how AI is going to span out and what kind 
of contributions that is going to get in. There is a certain kind of a prudence 
from a client's perspective. And the 1st Quarter results also fairly reflect that. 
But as I mentioned earlier, our priority remains sustainable, profitable growth 
with continued rigor and cost, productivity, and capital efficiencies. Thank you 
once again for your continued trust and partnerships. 
Vynsley Fernandes: 
Good evening everyone. This is Vynsley here. I would just like to summarize, 
like I started the presentation on the digital Media business, that it's been a 
strong quarter for the Media business, especially in terms of the broadband 
vertical. We are very excited with Project Ganga, Government Assisted 
Network for Growth and Advancement. This has entered the execution of the 
operational mode in Quarter 2. And at the end of Quarter 2, obviously we will 
be in a much better and a completely different position in terms of reporting. 
That is something which is right at the top of our agenda, supporting the 
government of Uttar Pradesh in its digital inclusion, digital transformation, 
and social initiative plan that goes without saying. Secondly, we are very 
happy that CelerityX has continued to see traction. And we will continue to 
invest in building this enterprise vertical. 
We are seeing more and more corporates across the country looking to 
engage with a single window service company catering to the portfolio that is 
looking at the portfolio that CelerityX has. And the fact is that CelerityX, as I 
mentioned, is also looking, well I probably didn't, is looking to build in more 
products in its portfolio through engagements, through relationships, 

 
Page 24 of 24 
strategic alliances. And this put together will certainly improve the quality of 
the revenue mix, while of course Retail broadband continues to grow as we 
are seeing it. 
The challenge for us remains on the digital television front. And we will 
continue to work on mitigation strategies, whether it be innovation or 
whether it be cost optimization. Those will remain ongoing to ensure that we 
continue to build a strong business over the next few quarters in the years to 
come. 
With that, thank you very much. And over to my colleague, Venk, for his 
closing remarks. 
Venkatesh Korla: 
Everyone, thank you so much for taking the time to be on this call and 
listening to the progress and where we are heading. I am very optimistic, 
albeit with the caution about the macroeconomic situations and the changes 
happening in the market. We think that we are very well positioned for 
capturing the future opportunities that are there and continuing to drive 
growth. Thank you so much for being on the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Hinduja Global Solutions Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
 
 
 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort 
has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
