 
 
 
Date: 23.07.2026 
To 
Corporate RelaƟons Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001, India 
Scrip Code: 543989 
To 
LisƟng Compliance Department, 
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051, India 
Symbol: KALAMANDIR 
 
Dear Sir / Madam 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference call held to discuss the results Q1 FY 2026-27 
With reference to the above-menƟoned subject, we wish to inform that, 
1. The Copy of Transcript of the conference call held on Thursday, July 16, 2026 to discuss the 
results of the Quarter ended June 2026 is enclosed herewith. 
2. The Transcript also uploaded on the Company’s website and the website link of the same is: 
htps://sskl.co.in/wp-content/uploads/2026/07/Q1FY27Transcript.pdf    
3. The list of management atendees is stated in the Transcript. 
4. No unpublished price sensiƟve informaƟon was discussed in the call. 
 
This is for your informaƟon and records. 
 
For Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited 
 
M.K.Bhaskara Teja 
Company Secretary & Compliance oﬃcer 
M.No:  A39542 
 
 
 
 
 
MATTE KOTI 
BHASKARA TEJA
Digitally signed by MATTE KOTI 
BHASKARA TEJA 
Date: 2026.07.23 20:05:00 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Sai Silks Kalamandir Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 16, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BHARADWAJ RACHAMADUGU – CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SAI SILKS KALAMANDIR 
LIMITED 
MR. K.V.L.N. SARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SAI SILKS KALAMANDIR LIMITED 
 

 
 
Sai Silks Kalamandir Limited
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Sai Silks Kalamandir Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bharadwaj, Chief Executive Officer. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
B. Rachamadugu: 
Thank you, Steeve. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today to 
discuss the financial and operational performance of Sai Silks Kalamandir Limited for the first 
quarter ended June 30, 2026. I am Bharadwaj Rachamadugu, CEO of Sai Silks Kalamandir 
Limited. I'm joined today by Mr. K.V.L.N. Sarma, our Chief Financial Officer. 
 
On behalf of the management team, I extend a warm welcome to all our shareholders, investors, 
analysts and stakeholders participating in the call today. I hope everybody got a chance to go 
through the financial reports updated on both the company website as well as on the stock 
exchanges. 
 
Let me start with the market overview and the broader market scenario. Consumption during the 
quarter 1 FY26-'27 was shaped by Adhik Maas that fell from May 17 till June 15, almost 1 full 
month inside our quarter. Adhik Maas, as you all know, is traditionally treated as inauspicious 
for weddings, griha praveshams and other major purchases that contributed to weak 
consumption trends across our markets. 
 
As a result, footfall and spends during the quarter remains measured. Customers continue to 
display value conscious and discretionary purchasing approach. This reflects broader weakness 
in the overall consumer demand across the discretionary retail and consumption space. A trend, 
we believe, is being felt industry-wide and not specific to Sai Silks or ethnic wear alone. 
 
Additionally, the retail environment remained challenging due to passive discretionary spending 
and cautious consumer sentiment across markets. We expect this cautious sentiment to ease as 
we move into the festive and wedding-heavy second half of the year. 
 
For the first quarter ended June 30, 2026, the company reported a revenue from operations of 
INR375 crores compared to INR379 crores in quarter 1 '25-'26, which is almost flat. The same-
store sales saw a degrowth of up to 7.5% during the quarter, reflecting the cautious demand 
environment I just spoke about. EBITDA margins declined by about 1%, largely on account of 
the same-store sales degrowth given that the fixed cost base spread over softer like-to-like 
volumes. 
 
That said, I'm happy to report that gross margins held up well, remaining close to 42% despite 
the challenging environment, which is a reflection of continued pricing discipline and 
merchandise mix management. We expect the EBITDA margins to improve through the course 
of the year, supported by SSSG improvement and by the operating leverage that follows as this 
quarter's new stores mature. 

 
 
Sai Silks Kalamandir Limited
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
The company continues to be debt-free. This reflects our continued focus on financial discipline 
and prudent capital management even as we invest in continued expansion. As per our original 
plan back in 2023 during the IPO, we had envisaged adding up to 1,42,500 square feet of retail 
space. 
 
I am pleased to share that through disciplined execution and efficient capital allocation; we were 
able to approximately add 90,000 to 1,00,000 square feet of additional retail area over and above 
this original target using the same fund allocation. This reflects efficient capital allocation, 
utilization and implementation on the ground and gives us a higher store area, and this higher 
store area will translate into higher productivity for the company. 
 
With this additional retail space, our overall inventory levels are naturally expected to be higher 
in absolute terms. However, I'd like to highlight that we continue to see a consistent reduction 
in inventory per square foot, which reflects the growing efficiencies of our cluster-based 
expansion strategy. As store density improves within a cluster, our inventory planning and 
replenishment becomes more efficient. 
 
I'd also like to note that the entire inventory is owned by the company as all our stores operate 
under the company-owned company-operated model. Our focus during the quarter remained on 
strengthening our market presence, enhancing customer experience and improving operational 
efficiencies and driving sustainable long-term growth. 
 
We continued our expansion journey, adding approximately 30,000 square feet of retail space 
during the quarter, taking our total store count to 83. These additions further strengthens our 
presence in our key growth market, Karnataka, and reflect our confidence in the long-term 
potential of the organized ethnic wear retail segment. 
 
As of June 30, 2026, the company's total retail footprint stood at approximately 8,14,000 square 
feet across 83 stores and 4 states. Looking ahead, we are targeting a net retail space addition of 
approximately 1,00,000 square feet for this financial year. 
 
As part of our ongoing efforts, we have planned to rationalize 1 KLM Fashion Mall store that 
has shown sustained degrowth despite dedicated efforts towards revival, including downsizing 
initiative that has been undertaken in the previous quarter. This action reflects our commitment 
to disciplined capital allocation, ensuring resources remain focused on our best-performing 
locations. We will continue to monitor performance closely and take necessary actions as 
warranted. 
 
I'd like to take a moment to address how we believe a business like ours should be evaluated. 
Given the inherently seasonal nature of the ethnic wear retail industry, companies like ours are 
best assessed on a yearly basis rather than purely on a quarter-to-quarter basis. As seasonal shifts 
are imminent and structural to how this business performs, our revenue and profitability are 
closely tied majorly around the festive and wedding calendar. 
 
Events like Adhik Maas can shift demand meaningfully from one quarter into another without 
any change in the underlying health of the business. A quarter that looks soft in isolation may 

 
 
Sai Silks Kalamandir Limited
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
simply reflect a calendar-driven timing shifts with the corresponding demand showing up 
strongly in the adjacent quarter. 
 
We would, therefore, encourage investors and analysts to look at our full-year performance 
trends as a more meaningful indicator of the company's underlying growth trajectory rather than 
drawing conclusions from any single quarter in isolation. 
 
I will now hand it over and would be happy to take any questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question comes 
from the line of Divyansh Jaju with Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Divyansh Jaju: 
So my question was, what's the state-wise and the format-wise split will be of the 1,00,000 
square feet expansion target, which is there for FY27? And apart from this, is there any new 
state entry outside South India or we will be doing expansion more in the same only? 
B. Rachamadugu: 
Yes. Divyansh, thank you for the question. So at present, it's majorly split between our existing 
territories, where Karnataka is taking the front lead in the overall expansion strategy. The 
formats in play majorly will be Kalamandir and Varamahalakshmi. Kalamandir will lead the 
majority of the effort. 
 
Additionally, in terms of locations, in quarter 4 or early quarter 1 of next financial year, in that 
time is where our entry to the new state will be. We are looking at closing down on final location 
of one in Pune in Maharashtra. And we are also actively exploring opportunities in Kerala. So -
- but, however, these geographical entries will majorly pan out in the quarter 4 and early Q1 of 
next year. 
Divyansh Jaju: 
Okay. And the guidance you have given in the previous quarter for the revenue growth and the 
EBITDA margin will remain same only for next FY27? 
B. Rachamadugu: 
For the current financial year, broadly, yes, there is not going to be any changes. We think that 
the store implementation is something that we are carefully aligning. For the next financial year 
also, I think there could be a possibility where we might add a little bit more than the 1,00,000 
square feet before the financial year ends. 
 
At this point of time, the visibility that we have in quarter 2 is close to 26,000 to 30,000 square 
feet. We've already added 30,000 and this 30,000 will broadly bring it out to 58,000 to 60,000 
square feet. And ideally, the target for Q3, Q4 is 40,000, but there are possible chances wherein 
in quarter 4, we might be able to add an additional 10,000 to 15,000 square feet, which I will be 
able to confirm once quarter 2 passes. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Resham Mehta with Green Edge Wealth. 
Resham Mehta: 
Yes. So, of course, H1 last year was a very heavy base. And since you're encouraging us to look 
at it from an annual standpoint, and considering the 1,00,000 square feet addition that we are 
planning for the current financial year, would you like to give any revenue growth guidance for 
the current financial year? 

 
 
Sai Silks Kalamandir Limited
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
B. Rachamadugu: 
Ma'am, I think like we already discussed, broadly, the revenue guidance for the full year will 
remain between 12 and 15 percentage, like we've discussed in the last interactions as well. The 
store implementation-wise, if we could push the number of stores in late Q3 or first or second 
week of Q4, then probably that might be able to add a little bit. But broadly, this is how it's going 
to be. 
 
One of the important things that you have mentioned is, as you rightly mentioned in H1, because 
it's a heavy base. And number two, Dasara came in, in quarter 2 of last year. So, therefore, that 
seasonal shift between quarter-to-quarter is something that I wanted to point out. But broadly, 
Y-o-Y basis, it's still fine. 
Resham Mehta: 
And also, I just wanted to understand the price elasticity of demand vis-a-vis poor rainfall. So if 
I see almost 75% of our revenues come from AP, Telangana and Karnataka, where broadly the 
rains have been poor so far at least. So in the past, have we experienced that the wedding and 
the festive demand takes a hit if the rainfall is poor for that particular financial year? Or would 
we say that it's largely insulated? 
B. Rachamadugu: 
Thank you for the question. There are very good potential markets in our core markets, which is 
agriculture-dependent markets. So for instance, I'll give you a couple of cities, like one is 
Rajahmundry, the other one is Vijayawada. These are cities which are heavily reliant on 
agriculture. 
 
So there are many cities in the existing territories within our 4 states, which have impact on 
direct agricultural income. So rainfall in nature will have a broad impact on the overall sense of 
having lesser demand. That is something that in the last couple of years, we have seen because 
of flooding and all of that happened. on the agricultural side, I think that is also something that 
we have to be worried about. 
 
One more thing that I'm not able to comment very surely, but has a broader level impact is 
because of the war, the fuel prices rising, even with respect to the product wise also, the dying 
cost has increased substantially. So, therefore, the entire supply chain also has been something 
that has been impacting. 
 
Despite all of this, our product mix changes is able to absorb some amount of gross margin 
expansion that we wanted to target, and that is what is something that we were able to maintain 
despite these challenging times. 
 
But broadly, I believe in quarter 2 and quarter 3. See, things like these rainfall effects will not 
show immediate impact. These are things that might show impact probably in quarter 2 and 
quarter 3. I personally believe that there will be some impact, but it's tricky to quantify how 
much exactly it will. 
Resham Mehta: 
Right. And as far as margins go, like you did highlight cost pressures in the entire supply chain. 
So would you say that are we still confident of maintaining our margins, at least the gross margin 
level? 

 
 
Sai Silks Kalamandir Limited
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
B. Rachamadugu: 
Gross margin, as you see, I think ideally, we were expecting the gross margins to be a little bit 
higher. But with all of these things playing out, the gross margin hardly sustained. I think we've 
lost close to 10 to 15 basis points and broadly the gross margins remain. We aim to maintain the 
same gross margins till the end of the year. 
 
The newer format, which is majorly not Varamahalakshmi, which is Kalamandir that is coming 
this year, is one thing that we have to keep in mind. And these cost pressures that is coming, 
broadly, we will still aim to maintain the same kind of gross margins till the end of the year. But 
on the EBITDA margins, you should be able to expect better than what we closed last year. I'm 
talking about the full year in perspective. 
Resham Mehta: 
Understood. And Telangana this quarter has seen a very sharp decline, I think, almost around 
15% odd, so and how much of that decline would be linked to the high footprint of KLM in 
Telangana? And also, if you could quantify the SSSG for this quarter? And would KLM be 
pulling the overall numbers materially down? 
B. Rachamadugu: 
So our SSSG broadly was around 7.5 to 7.8 percentage. This was heavily driven by KLM's 
degrowth. And since KLM's majority of the contribution is coming from Telangana, so naturally, 
these numbers seem to be a little higher. And number two, as you already did mention, the higher 
base in last year is also one of the effects that we had. 
 
So yes, that is the reason why I think despite the continued efforts this, all these couple of 
quarters, we decided to consolidate one of the stores, and the store happens to be in Telangana 
itself. 
 
We are aiming that the inventory, whatever is available in this store, will get transferred to the 
other KLM stores, and the manpower, wherever reduction could happen will happen, and we 
will move the manpower to the new stores and upcoming stores that are going to come. So the 
effect of this is something that's going to come up in the next quarters. 
Resham Mehta: 
So from 19 stores, we are looking to consolidate to how many stores going ahead or is it just one 
store for now? 
B. Rachamadugu: 
Right now, it is one store. The market has also changed. I think one store is what we have 
definitely identified, we've negotiated and we've finalized the dates of closure as well. The other 
store, there is one other store in the radar that we are carefully monitoring it. We have not taken 
a definitive decision yet. But if it comes down to it, we are open to figure out the necessary 
course corrective plan that we need to take for these stores as well. At present, it's only 1 store. 
From 19, we move to 18. 
Resham Mehta: 
18. Got it. I'm sorry, I missed this. So 7.5% to 8% is the SSSG degrowth, right, in this quarter? 
B. Rachamadugu: 
Correct. 
Resham Mehta: 
Okay. And then in KLM Fashion Mall, if you could just comment on how is the recovery going? 
I think we've launched 2 new categories, innerwear and jewellery, while there was pressure on 
men's wear and kids' wear. So how are these 4 categories doing? 

 
 
Sai Silks Kalamandir Limited
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
B. Rachamadugu: 
So with respect to innerwear, I think month-on-month, Y-o-Y, it is showing growth. We are 
expecting a 20% growth compared to last year in the innerwear category. 
 
With respect to jewellery, I think the jewellery that has been added is fashion jewellery, and it 
just started. We started with the 2 new stores that we've opened in last quarter in Kalamandir. In 
those stores also, we started adding. In KLM, we just started adding this. We will take a phase-
by-phase approach and try to start putting the jewellery, the fashion jewellery in more and more 
stores. 
 
The concept behind that will continue to be the same, reallocating the existing store space to be 
able to fit in this category and see how the productivity levels increase. So broadly, the 
implementation in the jewellery side on the KLM front, particularly is just starting. But on the 
Kalamandir, because the 2 new stores opened in last quarter, we were able to add aggressively 
there. 
Resham Mehta: 
Understood. And lastly, on the warehouse funds, they have been unutilized for quite some time 
now, basically from the IPO proceeds. So are we looking to utilize the same anytime soon? 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
Yes. Warehouse is one crucial part that we have to see exactly where it is to be located. For the 
1 or 2 places that we have identified , due diligence is under process. So just for the sake of 
spending of the amount, we cannot conclude on any one place, and then, we will have a problem 
in shifting if necessary. 
 
So other than the warehouse part, the funds are being utilized on time. And in fact, as explained 
by Bharadwaj in the opening remarks, we have established approximately 80,000 to 90,000 extra 
store area. 
 
We are closing one particular area where we wanted to put up the warehouse and discussing 
with them. Hopefully, we should be able to complete the deal by the end of September. And then 
that particular part of the amount for warehouse will be spent at that point of time. 
B. Rachamadugu: 
Apart from that, I think the entire utilization will be completed, the target being September 
quarter 2 of 2026. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ashwini Agarwal with Demeter Advisors LLP. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Mr. Sarma and Mr. Bharadwaj, my question is that how are you looking at the next 3 quarters 
in terms of wedding dates? I realize that Dasara has moved to Q3 this fiscal year as opposed to 
Q2. But could you give us a broad sense of what's the distribution of wedding days in Q2, Q3 
and Q4 relative to the same period last year? 
B. Rachamadugu: 
So broadly, Q2, Q3, Q4, if you take all of that put together, Y-o-Y, there are like 2, 3 days extra. 
If I have to put you in a percentage perspective, like about 5 to 10 percentage of additional 
wedding dates is what is there in quarter 2, quarter 3 and quarter 4. And it is a distributed 
calendar, like how I've already mentioned in the previous calls as well. 

 
 
Sai Silks Kalamandir Limited
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
 
Now, with regards to the festive demand, as you rightly said, from quarter 2, it shifted to quarter 
3. That is one such parameter in terms of the overall revenue that moves. And Dasara is one of 
the biggest seasons in our Telangana cluster. And Telangana does have a significant impact on 
the overall revenue. 
 
So with respect to the festive, so that shift between Q2 and Q3. But with regards to the wedding 
dates, broadly, it is distributed like how it was in the last year with an additional 5 to 10 
percentage of additional wedding dates. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Okay. And the 2 stores that you opened in Q1 were both Kalamandir stores based on your 
opening remarks, but they're pretty large formats in the sense between the 2 stores is 30,000 
square feet. I thought that there was kind of a strategy to also kind of open smaller stores, the 
Valli format, which you had attempted last year with a bunch of stores. Any comments on how 
they have done? 
B. Rachamadugu: 
Sure. So the broader idea is Valli stores by the end of last financial year, we scaled it up to 11 
stores. And I mentioned that after 11 stores, it gave us an enough sizable picture for us to 
understand what is the entire economics going to work around with the Valli format. 
 
So as of quarter 4, the Valli format broadly is operating in the same range of Kalamandir and a 
little better than Kalamandir in terms of the productivity as well as efficiencies in terms of 
inventory. 
 
Now, Valli Silks is still in focus, is still in play. It's just that we are trying to time the Kalamandir 
stores in Karnataka. So the focus in Valli is still there. We have not shifted or we are not changing 
the plans towards that. Probably by Q4 and early next year, we will have the Valli store pipeline 
that is going to come from. 
 
With regards to Kalamandir, as you have mentioned, the 30,000 square feet are bigger-sized 
stores. I think 1 store is close to 14,000 and 1 store is close to 15,000 square feet, somewhere 
there, 29,000, some change. These stores, if you look at, Kalamandir's brand value in Karnataka 
is significantly higher compared to Telangana. 
 
And these stores that are currently in Karnataka are all family stores and heavy focus and reliance 
more on saree. So we are trying to use the brand value that these stores already have and 
leveraging that and expanding deeper into these markets. 
 
The reason why this store seems to be a little bigger than the current averages are because these 
stores majorly are identified into markets where there are all family stores in and around, and 
that's the kind of audience that, that particular geography requires us to have. And therefore, 
Kalamandir stores is what is taking that leap forward. 
 
If you look at the overall store mix as well, I mean, Karnataka, the number of stores that we have 
is 14; Tamil Nadu is 14; Telangana, 28; Telangana, 29; Andhra, 28. I mean, there could maybe 
1 store plus or minus. In total, that's the split between the number of store count. So there is a 
huge opportunity for us to target in Karnataka. And therefore, we have chosen the Kalamandir 
format as a format that we wanted to start expanding. 

 
 
Sai Silks Kalamandir Limited
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
 
With that being said, the Valli Silks format is also something that we are actively looking at in 
terms of store square feet. In terms of Valli, one of the challenges are because it is a 3,000 to 
4,000 square feet stores, the rental costs are significantly a little bit higher than the company 
averages with respect to Valli because all the other store formats have higher productivity and 
bigger store size, it works out better. 
 
But with Valli, the rent to revenue cost is now shooting up a little bit. So what we have decided 
is we wanted to add a few more stores giving a break between about 1, 2 to 3 quarters. And by 
quarter 4 and next year onwards, we will start adding the next wave of Valli Silk stores. 
 
But I wanted to take a moment to give you the strategy of how we do the store selection process. 
The fundamental idea, if you look at in,we start identifying 1 or 2 markets and we start expanding 
between multiple formats as well, not just go with a singular format. The reason being any 
particular location will have an appetite for one or more formats and not one format alone. 
 
Now, because we do this, the entire operational efficiencies with respect to stock management 
and administrative bandwidth, it will all work out. So right now, the next interesting place for 
us to expand will be in Karnataka with newer formats as well as in Tamil Nadu with non-
Varamahalakshmi format. The goal for us is to make sure we balance Varamahalakshmi and 
non-Varamahalakshmi format so that we don't miss out in terms of margins, we don't miss out 
in terms of capital allocation. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Just one more question. I mean, if I look at your guidance of 12% to 15% revenue growth for 
the current financial year and I map that on to the number of square feet that were put on last 
year and the number of square feet that you're putting on this year in terms of footprint 
expansion, it would kind of indicate that our SSSG outlook still remains muted. 
 
I mean, our SSSG will probably be 0 or slightly negative even in Q2, Q3, Q4 because you've 
added a lot of stores last year, you're adding a lot of square feet this year as well. And in context 
of your revenue guidance, your SSSG outlook seems to be negative. Would that be a fair 
inference on my side? 
B. Rachamadugu: 
Sir, the reason why I've mentioned that number is because we have a lot of catching up to do, 
this minus 7%. But broadly, we feel for the full year, it is going to balance out. You are right in 
terms of what is anticipated. 
 
I'm leaving a little bit of, what can I say, a contingency plan because these scenarios such as El 
Nino, the war, the kind of impact that it might outweigh on quarter 2 and quarter 3 could be 
something that I would have misunderstood or would have not been in my reach. 
 
But on the business and operations front, we will still aim to do around 15% only and not 12% 
and 15%. This broadly will classify in at least 2% to 3% of SSSG positive plus whatever 
additional revenue that comes forward. 
 
I'm trying to take a conservative number because of the current SSSG degrowth plus the 
geopolitical factors that might weigh in. Apart from that, on the business and operational front, 

 
 
Sai Silks Kalamandir Limited
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
I think the only negative thing is because of these factors playing in, the consumption might 
weaken. 
 
If that's the scenario that is not going to have a problem, I think we will be comfortably doing a 
number which is close to 15%. That will put you around close to SSSG growth number on the 
positive SSSG and not a negative number. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nilesh Doshi with Prospero Tree AMC. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. Both are related to the revenue. And see, in the quarter 1, there 
was a slight degrowth in the revenue in spite of the addition of 14 new stores during the period 
of quarter 1 '26 to quarter 1 '27. And you mentioned that because of the Adhik Maas and 
softening of the demand, there was a slight reduction in the revenue. But at the same time, we 
have added the 14 stores. So I think only the reason is the Adhik Maas or really the demand is 
low in this sector? What is the exact reason, sir? 
B. Rachamadugu: 
Sir, there are broadly 2 reasons. One, we have a higher base in the last year Q1. If you look at 
last year Q1 versus the previous year, we showed a double-digit SSSG growth. So because we 
have a higher base, this year naturally seem to be shooting a little bit aggressively. That is one 
reason. 
 
And the second reason is a combination of 2 factors, which is one is SSSG degrowth, which is 
coming from Adhik Maas plus lower consumption. So these are the 2 factors why the negative 
SSSG is panning out. 
 
But again, I want to reemphasize that the numbers that we have to look with respect to companies 
like ours is the quarterly shifts might move up and down, but the yearly number is something 
that we should be looking at. And we believe in in quarter 3, in H2, everything will start making 
sense in terms of what our revenue guidance versus our actual performance. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
So I understand that because of the Adhik Maas, people generally postpone the buying, don't 
stop the buying. So do we witnessed any demand surge in the current month or like that? 
B. Rachamadugu: 
Sir, currently, we have completed close to 15 to 20 days post Adhik Maas. The demand is slowly 
increasing. It is the Ashadam time that is currently going on. But demand has increased, but not 
to the levels where ideally, I wanted to currently operate under, which broadly signifies the weak 
demand because of these geopolitical factors. 
 
but again, it's just been only like 10, 15 days. We are aiming that Sravana Masam, which will 
start from the 15th of next month is something which is very auspicious sign for a lot of weddings 
to happen, and it's going to shoot up in terms of the overall demand-wise. that's the expectation 
in quarter 2 at least for now. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
So generally, when you give some guidance about the revenue growth, it is more than or at least 
double digit. What about the SSSG? Will our SSSG beat the inflation rate or will it be near to 
inflation rate because if we achieve the growth of inflation rate, how our profit will move up? 

 
 
Sai Silks Kalamandir Limited
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
Normally, we consider an improvement of approximately 3% to 4% on SSSG, which will cover 
the inflation rate plus any kind of increase in cost. . So approximately 3% to 4% of SSSG plus 
the additional productivity from the additional stores that will be coming in will be the guidance 
for the ensuing year. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
So the major growth comes only by adding the new stores. Is it correct, sir? 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
yes. See, there are 3 aspects in it, not new stores only. There is a factor of SSSG, which will 
cover the inflation and give some part of the additional comfort. And there are stores which are 
under maturity. So these stores will improve their productivity during the period of maturity, as 
you know. 
 
We consider SSSG of maturity of these stores as leaving the year in which it is established plus 
1 year for the full operations and then take it as a guidance. So the improvement in productivity 
in the stores under maturity plus the additional stores i.e., the productivity out of additional stores 
that have come in during the year. These 3 factors will contribute to the turnover levels. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Okay. And sir, my last question regarding the bookkeeping. Our employee cost for the current 
quarter is around INR52 crores. But in the quarter 4, it was INR61 crores. And on a Y-o-Y basis, 
it is again INR53 crores in quarter 1 '26. So why there was a jump in quarter 4? Or do we have 
closed any store in the quarter 1, current quarter? So why it is lower than the quarter 4 '26? 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
Last quarter 4, we issued bonuses. In quarter 3 and quarter 4, we issue bonuses, which will spike 
the employee cost during that period. And secondly, during the peak seasons, Q3 and Q4, we 
employ substantial temporary staff for assistance, in some cases, for additional manpower for 
valet parking also. 
 
In various departments, we have to employ temporary staff during Q3 and Q4, where normally 
the activity will be much higher. In quarter 1, it is lesser in that aspect. And so that is how there 
will be a slight lower figure in the Q1 this year. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, only last request from my side, at least. Why Mr. Durga Prasad is not 
attending any con call because we want to know something from him also because... 
K.V.L.N. Sarma: 
In fact, we are in the midst of implementing so much of an expansion in various states. Every 
year, one conference call he is attending. Last year also one conference call he has attended. And 
we will ensure that next time at the H1 call, he will be there. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Mayank Aggarwal with Harman. 
Mayank Aggarwal: 
I have 2 questions majorly. Am I audible? 
B. Rachamadugu: 
Yes, Mayank. 
Mayank Aggarwal: 
So, I understand that Sai Silks is a medium to premium brand, but are there any plans to further 
boost the revenue, like appointing the dedicated business development officer, CXO like that or 
offering the occasional discount sale so as to make the brand popular among the masses? Yes, 
sorry, please. 

 
 
Sai Silks Kalamandir Limited
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
B. Rachamadugu: 
I didn't understand the question quite well. So on the org-chart level, I think we have all the 
people in terms of respective departments in terms of sale. If you look at in terms of sale-wise, 
our 95% or 96% of the entire product offering is full price sale. That's the brand value that we 
were able to gain over the last 18 years. 
 
There are very few retailers in the country who is able to perform full price sale in north of about 
90 numbers, and we take extreme pride to be able to be one among them. With respect to the 
business development and teams like that, I think last year, with respect to guidance, we guided 
around 75,000 square feet. 
 
We guided close to 80,000 square feet, and we have achieved 75,000, and we have downsized 
6,000 square feet. That puts us around 69,000 effective retail area. This year, we are guiding 
close to 1,00,000 square feet of retail area and everything with respect to business. 
 
Development-wise, everything is going on track. And in fact, by end of quarter 4, we might 
anticipate, and we might look at adding additional on top of the 1,00,000 square feet of retail 
area. 
 
So in terms of appointing the right guys, I think there are enough team members in the 
organization who is able to scale it up and be able to meet the vision of what the company is 
aligned towards broadly. 
Mayank Aggarwal: 
And just the last thing is, I understand you have got the online retail portals also, but any plan to 
distribute via the big aggregators like Amazon, Myntra, etc.? 
B. Rachamadugu: 
So Mayank, we fundamentally don't want to get into the marketplace channels. We are not 
manufacturers of products where we have high gross margins. Marketplaces, such as the names 
that you have mentioned, have marketplace commission or marketplace fee that ranges 
anywhere between 20% and 45%. 
 
So we don't have margins like that to operate in channels like that, and we continue to keep our 
stores in offline mode and stand-alone as well. So formats and business models like ours, which 
doesn't involve in manufacturing, can't really use that leverage and be able to scale. 
 
On top of it, we have tried models in marketplaces before, but the real challenge is the 
marketplace fees plus also very high RTOs and very high returns, which will actually eat up this 
entire margins that we are trying to operate. 
 
So we have done that, but we have understood that, that model will not work for us, and we 
continue to operate and strengthen our presence in the offline formats. We are present in the e-
commerce, but we are doing a smaller number there compared to the kind of numbers that we 
do it in the offline. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nitin Jain with Fairvalue Equity Advisory. 

 
 
Sai Silks Kalamandir Limited
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Nitin Jain: 
My question is regarding the revenue guidance that you have given for the year or rather the 
explanation you have given for the slow revenue performance in Q1. You mentioned that various 
reasons like geopolitical, El Nino and Adhik Maas. 
 
But if we look at the other parts of consumer discretionary, like jewellery, they have shown 
really good growth, like 35%, 40% growth and that too on a very high base of last year. So how 
do you explain this dichotomy? Like are these factors not playing out in the jewellery space, 
which is also related to wedding and consumer discretionary purchases? 
B. Rachamadugu: 
See, when you look at jewellery as a segment, there's a lot of investment value and metal 
appreciation value. All of that is also something that we have to consider. I'm not trying to decode 
the jewellery business model here. But if you compare us with any ethnic wear or wedding-
related purchases, this is going to be a phenomena across anything in this industry. 
 
Unfortunately, or fortunately, we are the only player in this space, and that's the reason why we 
are not able to give you a relative point of view. But more than El Nino, more than geopolitical 
factors, the real reason of the degrowth in this particular quarter is on account of Adhik Maas. 
That's the consumer nature that we have because your average ticket size for us across the 
company is around INR4,000, INR5,000 across the board, right? 
 
When you compare to jewellery, it's much, much higher. And the perceived value that people 
get in terms of jewellery is the investment angle that is really not going to be possible for a 
category like ours. So it's tricky for us to compare the jewellery and this. But yes, you could 
compare the jewellery segment and us in a given year where there is a lot of weddings minus 
the investment angle. So I hope that answers your question. 
Nitin Jain: 
Okay. And my next question is regarding the guidance you have given for the full year. Like my 
question is, when we gave the guidance at the end of Q4, factors like geopolitics, Adhik Maas 
and Dasara being in Q3 of this year would have been known to us, right? So I'm just trying to 
delve a little deeper into the guidance. 
B. Rachamadugu: 
See, Nitin, I always gave a guidance for the full year. There was never a quarterly guidance that 
I have done even in my last earnings call as well. I always wanted to give a full year. Businesses 
like ours have been and will be continuing to have the impact of quarterly disproportionate 
weightage in terms of the wedding and the seasonal and the festivity calendar. 
 
Keeping all of that in mind, for a full year, the guidance is still same. There has not been much 
of any difference in terms of the guidance that I have given in Q4 of last year versus the current 
Q. It is just the seasons move, and therefore, quarters change. But for the full year, it remains 
solid like how I spoke in the last quarter as well. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
B. Rachamadugu: 
Thank you all for taking time to join here today, and thank you for your continued support and 
participation in today's call, and we look forward to interacting with you in the next quarter. 
Season's greetings, and thank you. Bye. 

 
 
Sai Silks Kalamandir Limited
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Sai Silks Kalamandir Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
