 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RHFL/SE/38/2026-27                                      
 
 
17th August, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
 
 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)  
 
 
 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai- 400001 
NSE Symbol: REPCOHOME  
 
 
 
 
BSE Security Code: 535322                           
Kind Attn: Listing Department 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/Investor Conference Call held on 12th August, 2026 
Ref: Our letters Ref no. RHFL/SE/31/2026-27 and RHFL/SE/36/2026-27 dated 06th August, 2026 and 
12th August, 2026 respectively, regarding Earnings Conference call 
 
In continuation to our above referred letters, please find attached the Transcript of Analyst/ Investor 
conference call/earnings call held on 12th August, 2026.  
 
The aforesaid Transcript will also be made available on the Company’s website www.repcohome.com.  
 
This intimation is submitted pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Kindly take the above intimations on record. 
 
Thanking You,  
Yours faithfully, 
For Repco Home Finance Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ankush Tiwari 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ANKUSH 
TIWARI
Digitally signed by 
ANKUSH TIWARI 
Date: 2026.08.17 
15:53:38 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Repco Home Finance Limited 
Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call” 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
      
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. T. Karunakaran – Managing Director & Chief 
Executive Officer – Repco Home Finance Limited 
Mr. P. K. Vaidyanathan – Whole-Time Director & 
Chief Development Officer – Repco Home Finance 
Limited 
Mr. M. Raja – Chief Business Officer – Repco Home 
Finance Limited 
Mr. A. Palpandi – Chief Operating Officer – Repco 
Home Finance Limited 
Mr. Ankush Tiwari – Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer – Repco Home Finance Limited 
Ms. Shanthi Srikanth – Chief Financial Officer – 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
 

 
 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Repco Home Finance Limited Q1 FY2027 
Earnings Call hosted by Yes Securities Limited. Please note all participants are currently in 
listen only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions following the 
conclusion of the management's opening remarks. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajiv Mehta from Yes Securities. Thank 
you and over to you. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Yeah, thanks Swapnil. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining this Q1 FY2027 
Conference Call of Repco Home Finance. From the management team, we have Mr. T. 
Karunakaran, MD and CEO, Mr. P. K. Vaidyanathan, Whole-Time Director and Chief 
Development Officer, Mr. M. Raja, Chief Business Officer, Mr. A. Palpandi, Chief Operating 
Officer, Mr. Ankush Tiwari, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer, and Ms. Shanthi 
Srikanth, Chief Financial Officer. With this, I hand over the call to Mr. Karunakaran for his 
opening remarks, post which we can open the floor for Q&A. 
T. Karunakaran: 
Yes, thanks Mr. Rajiv. Good evening to everyone. I would like to welcome to the earning call 
of our Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. First, I thank you all for joining in this 
call. The detailed financial results and operational highlights have already been shared in the 
investor presentation and published earlier and also available in our website. For the benefit 
of attendees who have not had the opportunity to review the financials, I will brief the 
performance of our Company before we move into the Q&A sessions. Our sanctions stood at 
Rs.938 Crores as against Rs.907 Crores in FY2026 and disbursements at Rs.843 Crores as 
compared to Rs.829 Crores in Q1 FY2026. In the month of April, we have transferred a few 
branch heads and second line officers and in the month of May, we have promoted an eligible 
candidate to next cadre. This is the process we used to conduct every year. This year, this 
process affected our disbursement in June quarter. Now our people are settled in the new 
places of posting. Disbursements are happening as per our expectations. July disbursement 
and disbursement from August 1, 2026, to till date are in line with our expectations and AUM 
stands at Rs.15,990 Crores as end of June 30, 2026. We have seen 8.9% year-on-year growth 
in the AUM. The Rs.15,990 Crores is excluding disbursed cheque but not realized. Almost 
57% of our book is coming from Tamil Nadu. Our book is well diversified. We have not seen 
significant shift or changes in salaried and non-salaried profile of the borrowers. The ratio of 
exposure between non-salaried and salaried segments stood at 53.5 % and 46.5 % 
respectively. The share of non-HL that is a home equity loan is stood at 29% and home loan 
stood at 71% as end of June 2026. 

 
 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
In respect of book quality, we continue to maintain a strong focus on asset quality. As end of 
the June, our GNPA in absolute terms, stood at Rs.427 Crores with the GNPA ratio of 2.7% 
compared to Rs.405 Crores and 2.6% in the previous quarter of the same period. On year-on-
year basis, we have seen significant improvement in asset quality. Our gross NPA was 485 
crores as end of the June 2025, and our gross NPA stood at Rs.425 Crores as end of the June 
2026. We have seen substantial reduction in NPA on year-on-year basis. In terms of 
percentage also, we have seen improvement on year-on-year basis. Our systematic and 
regular follow-up would result reduction in NPA in going forward. Our NPAs and over dues 
in new loan book is under control. 
 
Coming to the provisions, the ECL provision, the cumulative ECL provision, as on June 30, 
2026, stood at Rs.352 Crores. Our PCR that means stage three provision to stage three gross 
assets is about 54%. Coming to stage two, our stage two numbers are at 7.2%, broadly stable 
compared with 7% in the previous quarter and showing a significant improvement from 9.7% 
a year ago. In stage two and as well as NPA accounts, we are recovering, but the recoveries 
are not sufficient to upgrade to account as a standard. We are making a substantial recovery 
in both stages, stage two as well as stage three, along with the penal interest, other charges 
we are recovering, but recoveries are not sufficient enough to upgrade them to a higher 
category. 
 
Coming to the borrowing side, the cost of funds of the Company stood at 8.3%. The 
borrowing mix remains at 86% from banking system and 6.2% from NHB and 4.8% from 
Repco Bank and out of total borrowings, NCD contribution is about 1% and about 0.5% from 
CPs and PTC. During the current financial year, we have received a refinance support from 
National Housing Bank to the extent of Rs.600 Crores. Out of Rs.600 Crores, we already 
availed Rs.106 Crores during the first week of August. Remaining amount will be utilized 
shortly as and when we need funds. 
 
Coming to the profitability, our net interest income increased to Rs.216 Crores as against 
Rs.207 Crores in last June. Our NIM for current quarter stood at 5.4. We are able to maintain 
a 3.4% spread for quarter ended June 2026. Our net profit stood at Rs.114 Crores as against 
Rs.108 Crores in the previous year. Our ROE and ROA stood at 12.7% and 2.9% respectively. 
We have taken various steps to reduce our cost. If you see the numbers, we have seen 
reduction in cost year-on-year basis as well as sequentially. Our cost-to-income ratio stood at 
about 26%. As end of June, our credit cost stood at 0.2%. During the current quarter, we have 
not opened any new branches. Our branch count stood at 242 branches. Out of 242 branches, 
about 32 satellite centres we are having. For current financial year, we want to open another 

 
 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
12 to 13 branches and many of the branches will be in places like AP, Telangana and 
Karnataka and West side of our country. This is our performance of June quarter. 
 
Going forward, our priorities will be to accelerate the disbursements, our transfers. The 
promotion exercise slightly affected our disbursements. Now our people are settled, so we 
will accelerate our disbursement while growing. We want to maintain the quality in the asset. 
We do not want dilution or compromise in the quality of asset for the sake of growth. We will 
improve our operating efficiency. We want to diversify our liability side. We got Rs.600 
Crores refinance and we are negotiating with our bankers for reducing our rate of interest. 
This is our plan for this current quarter. 
 
In respect of guidance, I stick on a guidance of what I have given in my last concall that is 
Rs.5000 Crores disbursements and 13% to 14% growth in the AUM and reducing NPA by 
Rs.40 Crores. This is the guidance what I have given in last con call. We are sticking on the 
guidance all year. For current quarter, we are targeting Rs.1,200 Crores to Rs.1,250 Crores 
disbursements and we set a target to bring down June NPA to last March NPA level. That 
means our June NPA was about close to Rs.427 Crores. This number we want to bring it 
down to around Rs.405 Crores. This is what we want to do it in current quarter. We thank 
each one of you for showing interest in our Company. It is now I open the floor for Q&A. 
Over to Mr. Rajiv. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may click on the raise hand icon from 
the participants tab on your screen. We request participants to restrict to two questions each 
and then return to the queue for more questions. To rejoin the queue, you may click on the 
raise hand icon again. We will wait for a few minutes until the question queue assembles. 
Ladies and gentlemen, please remain connected. We will take a first question from 
Gurumurthy of HNI. Please unmute your connection and go ahead. Can you hear us? 
Gurumurthy, can you please go ahead? Would you like to try it one more time? Can you 
unmute your microphone once? 
Gurumurthy T: 
So, I just wanted to know, if I check the long-term growth of Repco Home Finance, I find it 
disappointing because the starting rate of interest of Repco Home Finance is something like 
11% for a lender. Am I right or wrong? 
M. Raja: 
Sir, by lender you mean the rate that we give to our customers? 
Gurumurthy T: 
Correct, customers. 

 
 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
M. Raja: 
Sir, we start from 8.75% and our average is 10.5% for housing loans. 
Gurumurthy T: 
But what I find out across the home finance companies, some banks are giving like average 
rate of interest on home loans is something like 8.5% to 8.75% and with respect to Repco 
Home Finance, I find it. 
Mr. A. Palpandi: 
It is purely based on cost of funds, Sir. It is purely based on cost of funds. 
Gurumurthy T: 
Agreed. No. I am not connecting the cost of funds at all. I am just saying that let us say, for 
example, if I am a customer, I come to Repco, I may end up paying 10.75%, 11% also in 
certain cases, but if I go to a general home finance Company, I will definitely get lower rate 
of interest. 
Mr. A. Palpandi: 
Sir, the rate of interest fixed based on your income, rating, cibil score and everything, so 
many factors are there. It depends on the customer. 
T. Karunakaran: 
Sir, first, the rate of interest is fixed based on what customers and on the cost of borrowing 
of each institution. Bank’s cost of fund is entirely different. They are having a CASA for 
which they are paying around 3%, 3.5% or something like that. For our Company, it is not 
like that. I am borrowing from the banking system, National Housing Bank and Lending. So, 
the average cost itself, is around 8.3% to 8.35%. In this scenario, lending at PSU rate, it is 
not at all possible for me. It is not at all viable business for the Company, number one. Number 
two, my set of target customer is not like PSU set kind of target customer. PSU set of 
customers is entirely salaried, pure salaried class customer. My set of target customer is not 
like that. They are working in unorganized sector. They are doing business. They will not 
have a sufficient income proof to show their cash flows and income, I am targeting those 
borrowers, number two. Number three, the ultimate pricing depends on the profile of the 
customer on risk basis. I am ascertaining the risk of the borrower based on 16 to 17 
parameters, based on that price will be fixed. This is the system what we are following. Even 
some of the housing finance companies NBFC are offering at 17% to 18% and people are 
going. 
 
Gurumurthy T: 
I have taught economics for post-graduation. I find it amusing to hear this that people are 
going for this. That is again like just like an unregistered money lender. One more thing I 
wanted to ask. If Repco Home Finance cannot give returns to its shareholders, why is there 
any restriction on you to diversify your business? I will give you an example. If a shareholder 
has subscribed to IPO of Repco in 2013, and you compare the current market price, he has 

 
 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
hardly made any money. Now, with respect to myself, I am one of the top 100 shareholders 
in the Company. I hold a very high quantity of shares in Repco Home Finance because I 
believe that Repco may also diversify into other lines of business, which I find it could not 
do so, it is following the same old system of taking it from banking system and passing it on 
with a margin of 2% to 3%. So as a customer, I am the biggest shareholder amongst individual 
shareholders in Repco because I hold more than 2,25,000 shares, but I find it amusing that 
tomorrow if I have to buy a huge house, I may not be able to take the loan from Repco as a 
genuine customer, but I will be going to banking system because they are flush with funds 
and the average rate of return is 8% to 8.5%. 
T. Karunakaran: 
As a policy, as a principle, I will not make any comment on our share price in the market. 
Gurumurthy T: 
Agreed, but my question again remains, since your system is fixed, are you going to diversify 
into other lines of business. 
T. Karunakaran: 
Right now we do not have any idea. We are expert and we are in the field for 25 years. We 
know only housing finance business right now. We do not have expert and expertise in other 
business. Let us see. Let us examine. Right now, we do not have a plan to diversify our 
business. Though we do not want to diversify our business, we will be very aggressive in 
business disbursements going forward. 
Gurumurthy T: 
But aggressiveness at a higher rate of interest is difficult. 
T. Karunakaran: 
 No, see, as Mr. Raja said my initial rate is, the beginning rate is 8.75%. Yes, with that rate, 
yes. 
M. Raja: 
Sir, as such, there is a market segment in this rate also. Sir, what you are talking about is a 
vanilla product or what we call as a primary housing loan market, where it is at 7.5% and 8%, 
but there is also a market in our country for our kind of products, and many players are there 
in that market. We are trying to garner our own market share, increase our disbursement and 
bring in more profit’s shares. We are working towards that, but we will be more aggressive 
from now on, Sir. That is what we have planned also, and our plan is in place, Sir. 
T. Karunakaran: 
So, if you look at our disbursement number for last eight to nine quarters, we are seeing 
increasing trend now that everything is settled. We have done IT revamping, so many things, 
structural changes we have done. All the things are stabilized. Now, we have shifted to 
aggressive mode. Going forward, you can see substantial improvement in the disbursement 
as well as growth in the AUM. 

 
 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
M. Raja: 
And also, Sir, we have an HFC license, Sir. So, diversification is not going to be an off the 
cuff for us because for an HFC license, we are allowed to do only housing loans or mortgage 
loans, if I can say that. 
T. Karunakaran: 
Of course, we people only know housing finance. 
Gurumurthy T: 
What I meant was, if you are flushed. 
Moderator: 
Sorry Mr. Gurumurthy, would you like to rejoin the queue. We have other participants as 
well. Thank you. We will check our next question now from Mr. Prithviraj Patel of Investec. 
Prithviraj, please unmute your microphone and go ahead. 
Prithviraj Patel: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So I just had one question like this month-end disbursement 
impacted by the cheque issue, so ex of that, what is the gross level disbursements that we 
have done because the sanction also seems sort of low? So, if you can give that bookkeeping 
query. 
M. Raja: 
For a monthly basis, my month end disbursement, which will be at around Rs. 35 Crores to 
Rs.40 Crores, month-on-month, would be carried forward. So that is a cyclical for me. So 
except for that, there will not be much of an operation, Sir, in the numbers, whatever we have 
reported that is a business as usual for us. Every month, every year, yes. 
Prithviraj Patel: 
Okay, so the Q1 disbursements, they have been impacted by the cheque? 
M. Raja: 
Yes, Sir. My June month number, which is part of the Q1, my June month number would 
have that operation, Sir. Yes. 
Prithviraj Patel: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Requesting participants to please click on the raise hand icon if you wish to ask 
a question. We will take a question from Rajiv Mehta of Yes Securities. Rajiv, please go 
ahead. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Sir, just to, have the visibility clear about the growth that you're talking that you will do. Can 
you tell us some business numbers for June and July, whether the momentum is back to the 
normal levels? What is the monthly disbursement, run rate we are, exhibiting in August, 
because you are talking about Rs.1200 Crores and Rs.1250 odd Crores from straight away at 
Rs.40 Crores, so can you give us more confidence about how June and July has been in terms 
of numbers? 

 
 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
M. Raja: 
Yeah, Rajiv, on the June month and July month disbursement has been on track. As whatever 
commitment we are given of Rs.1,200 Crores per quarter, we are on track. First quarter, as 
usual, every month, that is a trend for us. Whether we like it or not, that is a trend for us, but 
this quarter is looking good. Even in the Q1, my June month numbers have been good. My 
July is even better and August, hopefully, I am looking at clocking more than whatever we 
have done. So, my numbers are in track and for the year, yes, we are on track for Rs.5,000 
Crores. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
So, I mean, you are pretty sure that we are sitting? 
T. Karunakaran: 
Yes. I am pretty sure and confident that we will be able to achieve Rs.1200 Crores 
disbursement. Since this is a price sensitive information, as per our own policy, I am not 
supposed to disclose numbers right now, but the disbursement what has happened in July and 
till date from August to till date in line with our expectations and I am sure based on that only 
we have arrived at Rs.1200 Crores disbursements. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
And so, between what you did and what you missed in, Q1 and now the Q2, the momentum 
is pretty much very good? Have you changed any of your policy regarding pricing, about 
customer selection, or it is with the same policy, same pricing that you have been able to get? 
M. Raja: 
Rajiv, as you are aware, we have not made any major changes either in our policy or in our 
organization setup, but in the sourcing, we have brought in more focus on sourcing channels. 
There is a small alignment change in our sourcing channels from DSA to other ways and all 
those things, but those are all very, very marginal and now the focus is more, the pressure is 
more, the team has been set in place now. So, the clock has started ticking that is all.  
T. Karunakaran: 
In connection with interest rate, as end of the June we are maintaining about 3.4% spread. 
We want to grow, want to show aggressiveness in the disbursements. Maintaining this level 
of spread will be really challenging. Though we have not changed the policy level, changes 
in the pricing system, case by case, I may need to sacrifice some portion in the part of fixing 
a rate of interest. So, the spread may slightly come down going forward. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay and that is essentially from the fact that you want to be slightly aggressive on 
disbursement and even the cost of fund will increase. 
T. Karunakaran: 
I am not foreseeing any increase in the cost of fund because NHB has sanctioned Rs.600 
Crores refinance facility. Of course, I have undertaken Rs.100 Crores. With that, I will 
compensate whatever increase in cost of funds. The cost of funds will be stable at the present 
level. 

 
 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Sir, I also see this elevation in your runoff of the book. Even in 1Q, the runoff of the book is 
higher than 4Q, meaning that there is a significant indirect competition through BT outs, so 
is the reading right that the BT out would have been higher in Q1 versus Q4 and if the BT 
out is going up, what are we doing to ensure that wherever prudent we can, retain good quality 
customers by offering good rates or offering a top up one? 
T. Karunakaran: 
Yes, we already decided. We have seen a spike in BT out in the June quarter compared with 
the March. We decided to retain the good customer, those who are having a good track record 
of 24 months and a good source of income and good LTV and having a CIBIL score we 
decided to reduce and offer some good concession to retain the customer to avoid BT outs. 
M. Raja: 
Rajiv, this is the other side of my coin of being aggressive. Because when I am being 
aggressive in the market with my marketing activities, I become visible to all my competitors 
and they start targeting me. So it happens. We are geared up and we have stepped up our 
retention efforts and there is a bit of sacrifice on the rate of interest for BT out also, we are 
working on it. 
T. Karunakaran: 
Of course, we have also rolled a new incentive schemes for BT outs, those who are putting 
efforts and convincing the borrower and retaining the customer, we have introduced a new 
incentive scheme. I hope it will work. Going forward, we can see a reduction in BT outs.  I 
have to sacrifice my spreads. Maintaining the spreads and controlling BT outs. For aggressive 
disbursements and controlling BT out, I need to sacrifice some portion on spread. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Understood. Yes, I will step back and Swapnil, you can go back to the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Rajiv. Requesting participants to please click on the raise hand icon if you wish 
to ask a question. We will wait for the question queue to assemble. Participants are requested 
to click on the raise hand icon. Ladies and gentlemen, please stay connected. We will take a 
question now from Sanjana Sivaram of DAM Capital. Sanjana, please unmute your 
microphone and go ahead. 
Sanjana Sivaram: 
So, thank you for taking my question. There has been some asset quality deterioration across 
stage two and stage three, so is there any colour you can give us on is, was this business as 
usual, or is there something to call out over here and maybe what, if there was any geography 
specific, asset quality in short? 
Mr. P. K. Vaidyanathan: As told by our MD, this marginal increase in the gross NPA is only because of the slight 
disturbance due to transfers and promotions, but they were settled in June itself. So, in June, 
we have shown a very good figure. If you compare with the last year, last year also Q1 we 

 
 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
have shown marginal increase. That will be settled down in the coming quarters. In the Q2 
itself we will bring down to March figure.  
T. Karunakaran: 
In addition to that, yes, recoveries are happening in NPA accounts, recoveries are happening 
in stage 2 accounts even along with the penal interest and other charges being collected but 
the amount what we have collected from the borrower is not sufficient to upgrade to next 
category of asset. 
Sanjana Sivaram: 
Okay. So, going forward, can we expect recoveries to outpace the provisions? 
T. Karunakaran: 
Yes, recoveries will improve. In opening remarks, I told we want to reduce our NPA by Rs.40 
Crores for current financial year and by September end, we want to bring down NPA level of 
Rs.425 Crores as end of June to around Rs.400 Crores. That is our target. I am sure and 
confident we will achieve the numbers I have given as guidance. 
Mr. P. K. Vaidyanathan: In addition to that, we have already bifurcated this NPA into two divisions, number one, soft 
NPA and another one is a chronic NPA. Soft NPA is the slippages from April 2025 to June 
2026. We are monitoring those cases through separate vertical called Regional Vertical 
Managers. We have allocated around 40 accounts to each RVM. Total accounts we are having 
is around 1,000 to 1,100 cases. Around 40 to 45 accounts allocated to each RVM’s. So we 
are expecting even if we reduce at least 50%, we can easily reduce around Rs.70 Crores to 
Rs.75 Crores. On the other side, we are also targeting the chronic NPA. We have strengthened 
our recovery agencies and revised the timeline and the phase structure for them. We are 
vigorously taking the legal actions under SARFAESI. Simultaneously, we are attacking both 
the soft NPA as well as the chronic NPA. With these steps, we can easily achieve our target 
of less than 2% NPA by the end of March 2027. 
Sanjana Sivaram: 
So, I have one more question. So we have already seen a little bit of spread compression this 
year, so as you do call out a little bit more for those, so how much do you think for the, this 
year we could see, and do you see that effect we have been doing around ballpark of 3% ROA 
for a bit? So, do you see the spread compression to overall effect how we see our ROA doing 
on this? 
T. Karunakaran: 
Yes. See, at end of the June, my return on assets stood at about 11.75% and cost of funds is 
about 8.31% and we are maintaining a spread of 3.44%. Of course, we got a refinance from 
National Housing Bank to the extent of Rs.600 Crores of which,Rs.100 Crores I have already 
availed, the refinance  already availed and what I am going to avail from NHB in another two 
or three months, will help me to reduce my cost of funds, number one. I am also putting a lot 
of pressures to existing bankers to reduce the interest rate. We will be aggressive in the growth 

 
 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
going forward. Our BT outs in Q1 are slightly higher compared with March. To arrest BT 
out, to improve the disbursement, we need to sacrifice some basis point yield on advances. 
So ultimately, my spread may, going forward, may come down by 10 to 12, maximum of 10 
basis points in next coming quarter. 
Sanjana Sivaram: 
And post which you are expecting it to be broadly stable? 
T. Karunakaran: 
Yes. 
Sanjana Sivaram: 
And any impact on the? 
Moderator: 
Sanjana, please, would you like to rejoin the queue? 
Sanjana Sivaram: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We are taking the next question now from Pulavarthi Kiran of Pulavarthi 
Fins of LLP. Pulavarthi, please go ahead. Yes, you have unmuted. Please go ahead. We can 
hear you then. Do you want to try it one more time? Please unmute your microphone. 
Pulavarthi Kiran: 
Sir just in the last couple of years, you had, what I can suspect a lot of time in improving the 
technology, upgrading the technology, and increasing the branch network and then also you 
have hired a lot of people. If you can just take a step back and then guide us through what 
you have done, and then where do you stand in this transformation journey, how it could help 
the Company for the next couple of years in terms of the growth and bringing in the 
consistency that will be really helpful Sir. 
T. Karunakaran: 
Yes, we have carried out the entire IT transformation in two phases. The two phases we have 
implemented successfully. Mobile applications we have rolled out, which is helping us to 
improve our turnaround time in sanctioning of the loan. We have done a lot of API’s in the 
last three to four months, like linking with other applications like Perfios, CERSAI, and 
CIBIL. We have done a lot of integrations, which is helping us to improve our turnaround 
time, number one. Number two, the biggest structural changes what we have done is 
verticalization. Earlier our branch head is responsible for all the activities like from 
marketing, sourcing the proposal to recovering NPA, initiating SARFAESI, so many things 
he will have to handle. That model is okay for particular size of the book. We want to take 
the Company to next level. We felt that verticalization or specialization is needed. We have 
done verticalizations. We established a separate vertical for recoveries, collections, even NPA 
management for SARFAESI. We are having a separate vertical to take care of initiating 
SARFAESI recovery, selling of the properties. To monitor SARFAESI accounts, we are 

 
 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
having a separate vertical to monitor the older NPA accounts and also new NPA accounts 
which have slipped in the very recent past. Earlier branch is responsible for sales. Now we 
are having a separate sales vertical. We have had arrangement tie ups with a few DSAs market 
leading DSAs, and we have recruited DSTs. Now we are having connectors also. So, this 
structure change is really helping the Company, to improve the performance, which is evident 
from the disbursement numbers. Quarter-on-quarter, barring June quarter, our disbursements 
are going up. Now we are settled and going forward, we will be more aggressive in the 
disbursement, and you can see that change in growth and increase in AUM going forward. 
Pulavarthi Kiran: 
And Sir just my earlier question as well. In certain geographies, you added people. Even if I 
look at now, the AUM by state, Telangana is doing well. Tamil Nadu is probably in the double 
digit, but the rest of the states, there is some uneven growth. Would you like to look at the 
business from the geography standpoint, or you are more comfortable looking at the overall 
NBFC level, how the growth is coming in? 
M. Raja: 
Yes, Kiran, see, last year we took a holistic approach and across the country we were 
recruiting sales team, bringing in verticalization, all those things has been done and now we 
have got a consistency of number overall, but this year, starting, we have started concentrating 
on non-TN states. To start with the southern non-TN states like Andhra, Telangana, and 
Karnataka, we want to do good. Then we already have in pipe of Maharashtra, Rajasthan, and 
Gujarat and of course MP. There also we are putting a very strong team in place. So, by this 
year and by the next year, we should see very considerable traction and growth in those areas 
also. That is what we are planning because Tamil Nadu, we know we are already there and 
our numbers are good in Tamil Nadu. Other than Tamil Nadu, we want to grow and we are 
already on the track for it. 
Pulavarthi Kiran: 
One last question from my side. How do you look at the competition at this point of time 
because we are seeing more HFCs coming in and then also we hear that there is a lot of 
competition on the ground? What is your take on the competition, Sir? 
M. Raja: 
Kiran, looking at the vintage of 25 years for us, there has always been competition either in 
one way or the other. We have thrived with competition, and I do not think that is going to 
stop us going forward. Yes, competition will be there, should be there and we will grow. 
Pulavarthi Kiran: 
Thanks Sir. This is helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, Kiran. We will move to our next speaker. We have Nidhesh Jain of 
InvesTech. Nidhesh, please go ahead. 

 
 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Nidhesh Jain: 
So what is the target for disbursement for FY2027 and what are the reasons why the 
disbursement in Q1 is flat Y-o-Y? We were doing quite well on disbursement last year, but 
Q1 is flat Y-o-Y, so what is the reason for that? 
M. Raja: 
As briefed by my MD in the opening comments. My guidance or our guidance for this year 
FY2027 is Rs.5,000 Crores. Q1, by our DNA, by our practice has always been slow for us 
because we will have all promotions and transfers in April and May. So that unsettles a lot of 
our branches and teams. Now, it has settled down. We are the same this year also. Now, it 
has been settled down. My June figures, that is June month figures have gone up. My July is 
very good. August is also showing up. So, that is business as usual for us. We will make up 
whatever backlog is there in the Q1. For the year, we are confident about achieving Rs.5000 
Crores of disbursement.  
 T. Karunakaran: 
For current quarter, yes, we set a target of doing Rs.1200 Crores to Rs.1250 Crores 
disbursements. 
Moderator: 
Nidhesh, would you have any other question? 
Nidhesh Jain: 
No, no. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Nidhesh. We will wait for a few moments until the question queue assembles. 
We have Abhijit Tibrewal here with his question from Motilal Oswal. Abhijit, please go 
ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Thank you, Sir. Just one question. I joined in a bit late. So not sure if you already addressed 
this. If you have, let me know. I will look through the transcript, but a lot of housing finance 
companies this quarter have moved to encashment basis of accounting when it comes to 
disbursements and AUM growth. Have we done something similar this quarter or any plans 
to do that? 
M. Raja: 
Sir, from last two to three quarters itself, we have moved to cheque handover date. That is, 
as per guidelines, we start booking the interest only from the date of cheque handover and we 
are following up the same and we are in line with the regulation on that. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
No, which is correct, Sir, but what I am trying to understand here is, the regulations, like you 
rightly said, are saying that start accruing interest income from the date of handover of 
cheque, but what we have seen of late in the last maybe one quarter or two quarters, most of 
the other housing finance companies have gone one step forward and they have started 

 
 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
booking interest incomes. They have started showing that loan as a disbursement and as part 
of their loan book only after the amount given to the customer gets encashed? 
Shanthi Srikanth: 
Yes. We are always checking only after the encashment into the AUM. Not just by issuing a 
cheque, we will not take it into the AUM account. So, we have been doing this only on 
encashment from the beginning. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Assuming, just for the benefit of everyone on the call, you are saying that we account for 
interest income as well as we show it as a disbursement or as part of the loan book only after 
the cheque gets encashed. 
M. Raja: 
Yes. That is our practice.  
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
And since how long has this practice been there, that account for interest income and account 
for that amount as disbursement only after the cheque gets encashed for how long this practice 
has been there? 
T. Karunakaran: 
For three to four quarters. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
For three to four quarters. All right, Sir. That is all I have. Thank you so much for answering 
my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, Abhijit. Participants, if you wish to ask any more questions, please click 
on the raise hand icon on your participants tab. We will wait until we have any questions in 
the queue. Requesting participants to please click on the raise hand icon. It seems we do not 
have any more questions. I will now hand it over back to Karunakaran Sir for his closing 
comments. Over to you, Sir. 
T. Karunakaran: 
Yes. Thank you to all participants for actively participating in this concall. We will meet post 
September results again. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Repco Home Finance Limited, this 
concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining us and you can now click on the 
leave icon to exit the meeting. Thank you all for your participation. 
 
