 
LUPIN LIMITED 
Registered Office: 3rd Floor, Kalpataru Inspire, Off W. E. Highway, Santacruz (East), Mumbai - 400 055 India. Tel: (91-22) 6640 2323.  
Corporate Identity Number: L24100MH1983PLC029442                                                                      info@lupin.com | www.lupin.com 
 
 
 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai Samachar Marg, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Symbol: LUPIN 
Scrip Code: Equity - 500257 
 
Subject: Transcript of Q1 FY2027 Earnings Conference Call 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letters dated July 22, 2026 & August 07, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 30 read with 
Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are pleased to enclose a copy of the Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call Q1 
FY2027 held on August 07, 2026. 
 
The said Transcript is available on the website of the Company at www.lupin.com. 
 
The above is for your information and dissemination. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For LUPIN LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
AMIT KUMAR GUPTA 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
(ACS -15754) 
 
Encl: a/a. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AMIT 
KUMAR 
GUPTA
Digitally signed 
by AMIT KUMAR 
GUPTA 
Date: 2026.08.12 
17:38:41 +05'30'

 
August 7, 2026 
 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Lupin Limited Q1 FY2027 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
 
 
• MS. VINITA GUPTA – CEO, LUPIN LIMITED 
• MR. NILESH GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR, LUPIN LIMITED 
• MR. RAMESH SWAMINATHAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, GLOBAL CFO & HEAD OF IT 
AND API PLUS SBU, LUPIN LIMITED 
• MR. RAVI AGRAWAL – M&A AND INVESTOR RELATIONS, LUPIN LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
August 7, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator:  
Hello, good evening, and welcome to Lupin Limited Q1FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call. Thank you for your participation in the call today. Please note 
that all participants' line will be in listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the opening remarks. Please also 
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand over the conference 
to the management. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Vinita Gupta: 
Good afternoon, friends. I'm very pleased to welcome you to our Q1FY27 
earnings call. I have with me our MD, Nilesh; and our CFO, Ramesh; and our 
Head of Investor Relations, Ravi. We look forward to sharing with you our 
highlights for the quarter as well as the outlook for FY27. We are delighted to 
announce a record quarter with total revenues from operations and EBITDA 
exceeding INR 8,000 crores and INR 2,400 crores, respectively, for the first 
time in our history. This quarter also marks a record 16th consecutive quarter 
of YoY growth for the company.  
While the U.S. has obviously had an exceptional contribution to this 
performance, I would like to highlight that the ex-U.S. organic revenue growth 
for the company has been a strong 20% plus YoY and a strong double-digit 
growth in all our key markets, including India, Other Developed Markets, and 
Other Emerging Markets. This geographically diversified business model 
combined with our unwavering focus on operational excellence creates a 
sustainable foundation for future growth, even as we navigate the increased 
competition in some of our key generic products in the U.S. this year.  
 
Turning to individual business segments. Our U.S. business sustained its 
positive momentum and delivered another quarter of robust sales 
performance. While we benefited from the higher volumes in base portfolio 
and growth in products like Tolvaptan, this was offset by increased 
competition in products like Mirabegron. For the full year, we expect the U.S. 
business to be in the USD 1.1 billion to USD 1.2 billion range, aided by growth 
in base business, our injectable launches, and contribution from Pegfilgrastim 
offsetting the additional competition in products like Mirabegron and 
Tolvaptan during the year.  
 
Going ahead, we remain focused on doubling the share of our complex 
products in our U.S. business, led by respiratory and complex injectables, and 
augmented by biosimilars. In the next three years, we expect to launch 50 
plus products in the U.S. with 10 exclusive first-to-files, five biosimilars, as well 
as two to three 505(b)(2)s. We are planning to file more than 15 products this 
year, including at least seven in the Respiratory segment. We believe that all 
these initiatives should help in the U.S. getting back to its growth trajectory 
from FY28 onwards. 
Coming to India, our India business has grown 13.9% YoY in the quarter with 
the core prescription business growing 15.1%, representing a 1.1x growth 
against IPM. Volume growth was strong at 6.1% during the quarter. The 
Chronic segment accounts for around 67% of our portfolio, up from around 
65% in FY26, and we have set ourselves a target to increase the share to 70% 
in the next five years.  

 
August 7, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Most of our key therapy areas outperformed the respective market growth 
with Anti-Diabetes segment and Cardiac segment growing 1.8x and 1.2x the 
category growth. I would specifically like to mention Diabetes segment, which 
grew at 31.8% YoY, a second consecutive quarter of 20% plus growth, led by 
market leadership in Huminsulin® and successful launch of Semaglutide 
injection. This segment is poised for continued healthy growth with the 
expected launch of vial and oral dosage forms of Semaglutide in the second 
half of this fiscal year.  
We remain confident that our India formulations business will continue to 
outperform IPM by 1.2x to 1.3x, supported by our strong India prescription 
sales force of nearly 11,300 people and pipeline of more than 80 new product 
launches over the coming years. We have set ourselves a target of novel 
proprietary products contributing one third of our India revenues in the next 
10-year timeframe. This innovative portfolio for India will come from in-house 
development as well as in-licensed products, leveraging our strong 
partnership track record, brand building, development, regulatory and clinical 
capabilities. 
Our Other Developed Markets, Europe, Canada, and Australia, accounted for 
14% of our revenues in this quarter, up from 11% in FY26. Sales grew 48% YoY 
in the quarter. Our European business continued a strong momentum with 
83% growth YoY. We believe that we are under-indexed in Europe and have 
set a clear pathway to grow this business with our complex generics, 
biosimilars portfolio, as well as specialty acquisitions, such as VISUfarma.  
Emerging Markets delivered an impressive 52% YoY growth, led by Brazil, 
South Africa, and Philippines. Brazil continued the strong momentum of the 
last four quarters, growing 117% YoY in local currency during Q1, driven by 
successful commercialization of Dapagliflozin and launch of Empagliflozin. As 
mentioned earlier, we are starting to establish a presence in the diabetes 
metabolic space in the emerging markets, with Dapagliflozin serving as a 
strong start, and the launch of Empagliflozin in Brazil and South Africa, as well 
as Semaglutide in South Africa later this year. 
Turning to R&D, our spend was 7.4% of sales this quarter, with continued 
focus on complex and specialty platforms. We have over 50 active products 
in the pipeline with near-term emphasis on respiratory, complex injectables, 
and biosimilars. We've also evolved a strong 505(b)(2) pipeline in the last 
couple of years, and we'll start seeing product launches this fiscal year and 
ramping up in the next two years. We're also strengthening our India 
innovation portfolio through both in-house development and in-licensing of 
late-stage assets, as I mentioned earlier. 
Switching to compliance, we received EIRs for Ankleshwar and Somerset with 
VAI status from U.S. FDA for both sites during the quarter. With regards to 
Pithampur Unit Il facility, we have submitted our responses and remain on 
track with our remediation efforts. We are fully committed to maintaining the 
highest standards of quality and compliance across all our sites globally. 

 
August 7, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
In conclusion, while we have started the year on a strong note, as indicated 
earlier, we anticipate some moderation in performance during the remainder 
of the year, especially in the U.S. from increased competitive intensity on our 
two major products. We are closely monitoring the potential headwinds from 
an uncertain geopolitical environment as well. 
We would like to reiterate our earlier guidance of high single-digit revenue 
growth for the organization with EBITDA margins of around 25% during the 
year. 
Before I hand it over to Ramesh, I would like to say that we are optimistic on 
our future growth trajectory. We are on the path to strengthen our diversified 
business model, while we continue to evolve our business into higher barrier 
generics, branded, as well as innovative products. 
Ramesh, over to you. 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  
Thank you Vinita. Friends, I welcome you all to our Q1FY27 earnings call.  
 
I'm happy to report another record quarter of earnings with total revenue 
from operations growing 32% YoY to INR 8,277 crores, and EBITDA excluding 
forex and other income growing at strong 50% YoY to INR 2,464 crores. This 
marks the 16th consecutive quarter of growth for the company.  
What is heartening is that the growth has been diversified and robust across 
our major geographies, be it the U.S., which grew by 43% YoY; India 
prescriptions, which grew 15.1% YoY; Other Developed Markets, which grew 
48%; Emerging Markets grew 52% YoY; and our GIB business, which grew 40% 
YoY during the quarter. As Vinita mentioned, our organic growth ex-U.S. was 
a strong 20% plus YoY during, bearing testimony to the resilience of our 
business model. 
U.S Business 
 
During the quarter, the U.S. business recorded sales of USD 366 million, 30% 
higher YoY in constant currency terms. This growth has been driven by higher 
volumes in base business, offset by additional competition in key products 
like Mirabegron. Whilst we continue to benefit from our differentiated 
strategy on focusing on complex products, as indicated in our earlier 
interactions, the overall sales in the U.S. will be impacted by competition in 
key products like Mirabegron and Tolvaptan this year. However, we anticipate 
the business to revert to its growth trajectory from FY28 largely led by a rich 
pipeline of products including exclusive first-to-files, biosimilars and 505(b)(2) 
products. In addition, we have an attractive pipeline of more than 60 products 
in injectables and respiratory products currently under development which 
will augment our complex portfolio going ahead.  
 
 
 
 

 
August 7, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
India Region 
During the quarter, the India business recorded sales of INR 2,380 crores, 
growing 13.9% YoY. I would like to highlight that the core prescription 
business grew 15.1% YoY as against IPM growth of 13.5%, translating to 1.1x 
IPM growth. This is offset by lower tender sales in our GIB business in India. 
Key segments like Diabetes and Cardiology handsomely outperformed their 
category growth at 1.8x and 1.2x respectively. This is offset by lower growth 
in Respiratory segment which grew 6.9% as against category growth of 11.3%. 
Volume growth has been a healthy 6.1% during the year, and the chronic 
share in the mix has increased to around 67% from around 65% in FY26. The 
share of in-licensed products in this quarter is around 6%, similar to the FY26 
levels. We have launched around seven products in Q1FY27 and plan to 
launch about 20 products in FY27, vis-a-visa 15 products which we have 
launched in FY26. 
We remain confident that our India Formulations business will continue to 
outperform IPM by 1.2x - 1.3x to supported by a strong sales force of more 
than 11,000 people and pipeline of more than 80 new product launches over 
the coming years including innovation in-house and in-licensed products. 
 
Other Developed Markets  
For the quarter, our Other Developed Markets, Europe, Canada, and Australia 
recorded sales of INR 1,149 crores growing 48% YoY and accounting for 14% 
of our total sales, an increase from 11% in FY26. 
I would like to highlight that we have begun consolidating VISUfarma in our 
financials from this quarter. As Vinita mentioned, we are focusing on various 
strategic initiatives to grow our business in this region, especially in Europe 
going ahead.  
Emerging markets  
For the quarter, emerging markets recorded sales of INR 990 crores, 
delivering an impressive 52% YoY growth led by markets in Brazil, South 
Africa, and Philippines. Brazil in particular maintained strong momentum post 
the turnaround of the last few quarters, growing 117% YoY in local currency, 
driven by successful commercialization of Dapagliflozin. 
P&L 
Going on to the P&L.  
Other Operating Income 
Other Operating Income at INR 60 crores as against INR 105 crores in Q1FY26, 
has decreased 43% YoY. This decrease is primarily on account of lower export 
benefits from the PLI schemes during the quarter.  
 
 

 
August 7, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Gross Margins 
Coming to the profitability of Gross Margins, the upward trajectory continues. 
This quarter was at 74.6% up from 71.3% in Q1FY26 last year. This 330basis 
points YoY improvement is driven by multiple factors, which includes better 
product mix, higher profitability in India, increased volumes, cost 
improvements and efficiencies which we have undertaken over the last 
several quarters.  
Employee Benefit Expenses 
For the quarter, Employee Benefit Expenses stood at INR 1,383 crores, 
increasing 28% YoY from INR 1,083 crores in Q1FY26, translating to 16.8% of 
sales versus 17.6% last year. 
This change is largely attributable to higher costs due to regular annual 
increments and business growth during the period. 
Manufacturing and other expenses 
Q1FY27 Manufacturing and Other expenses came in at INR 2,341 crores, 
which translates to approximately 28.5% of sales as compared to 28.7% of 
sales in Q1 last year. The expenses were higher mainly due to higher volumes 
in normal course of the business, higher SG&A expenses on account of field 
force expansion, license fee payments and a part of settlement agreements. 
R&D 
R&D at INR 608 crores is 7.4% of sales in Q1FY27, as compared to INR 498 
crores at 8.1% of sales in Q1FY26. For the full-year, R&D is expected to be 
around 8%.  
EBITDA  
EBITDA excluding forex and other income during the quarter was INR 2,464 
crores vis-a-vis INR 1,641 crores in the same period last year, an increase of 
50% YoY. Margins were 30% vis-a-vis 26.6% last year in the same period, an 
increase of 340 basis points over the last year. For the full year, as indicated 
by Vinita, we expect EBITDA margins to be around the 25% mark.  
Depreciation 
Depreciation & amortization at INR 453 crores is compared to INR 299 crores 
in corresponding quarter last year. This increase is due to higher amortization 
of settlement agreements.  
ETR 
The effective tax rate stood at 29.8% for the quarter. For the full-year, 
however, we expect it to be in the region of 27% - 28%.  
 
 
 

 
August 7, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Balance sheet 
Operating Working Capital 
The Operating Working Capital was INR 8,260 crores as of 30 June '26 as 
compared to INR 7,132 crores as of 31 March '26, which translates to 90 days 
of net working capital as compared to 87 days recorded earlier.  
Net Cash 
Net cash stood at INR 2,831 crores as of 30 June vis-a-vis INR 4,636 crores as 
of 31 March quarter, largely due to closure of our VISUfarma acquisition. 
Whilst we focus on increased cash generation for our business, we'd like to 
highlight that we continue to explore strategic allocation of our capital to 
ensure the long-term mission of the company, including on the speciality 
front. 
ROCE 
ROCE for the company translates to 29.5% vis-a-vis 28.4% as at end of FY26. 
ESG 
On the ESG front, Lupin continues to advance steadily towards its 2030 
sustainability goals, achieving approximately 41% reduction in greenhouse 
gas emissions, and 45% water recycling as of FY26. Our efforts have been 
recognized externally through inclusion in the TIME World's Most Sustainable 
Companies 2026 List for the first time. 
With this, we'll open the floor for discussions.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session.  
 
The first question is from Damayanti Kerai. 
Damayanti Kerai:  
My first question is on your opening remarks where you mentioned that U.S. 
sales should be back on growth trajectory starting FY28. So just want to 
understand, this growth will be on the base of USD 1.1 billion to USD 1.2 
billion number, which you mentioned for FY27, or how should we understand 
this part? 
Vinita Gupta: 
That’s right. Over the FY27 base.  
Damayanti Kerai: 
My second question is, if you can update us on some of the key launches or 
key products in injectables and respiratory space, which will be meaningful 
from your U.S. sales perspective? 
Vinita Gupta: 
So, there are multiple products in the biosimilars, injectables, and respiratory 
front over the next couple of years.  
In FY27 itself, we have yet to launch Pegfilgrastim that is going to be an H2 
product for us. We expect it to contribute very nicely into the second half. 
Then we have a 505(b)(2) Dalbavancin injectable that is going to be a good 
size product for ourselves as well. And nasal sprays like Fluticasone nasal 

 
August 7, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
spray, as well as injectables, Sugammadex, Epinephrine, Raltegravir, where 
we have exclusive first-to-file, Eribulin injection, which is all FY27. 
Then FY28, full-year impact of Pegfilgrastim. We have Diazepam nasal spray, 
Epinephrine nasal spray, as well as Apixaban 505(b)(2). That is starting to look 
like a material opportunity for us. We're still sizing it up, but it is looking fairly 
interesting for us. Then iron sucrose injectable and Saxenda®. We have 
Ivacaftor exclusive first-to-file, Midazolam nasal spray, and they're just a few 
of the products. We have other nasal sprays as well as injectables in the 
pipeline that we'll expect to bring to market in FY28. 
And then I'd say that in FY29, we should have more biosimilars, Aflibercept, 
Pegfilgrastim on body injector. Dulera is expected. Hopefully we can get it in 
FY28, but if not, for certain in FY29 on the market. And depending on what 
transpires from a P4 standpoint, we would expect Spiriva Respimat®. We've 
made good progress on that front; we expect to file it in this fiscal year. We 
should, subject to what happens with the brand, the P4, we could potentially 
be in the market on the Respimat front as well in FY29. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Last question is, when you look at the Tiotropium market share, it has been 
hovering around mid-30s. So, do you have room to improve it further? And if 
you can talk a bit about your progress in the incremental channels for this 
product? 
Vinita Gupta:  
It's kind of settled at that 38% level. And there is a good balance between 
what the brand has in terms of share and what we have in terms of market 
share. So, at this point, it should hover around that level. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Shyam Srinivasan. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Just trying to do math on your U.S. guidance. We did USD 366 million this 
quarter. You talked about USD 1.1 billion to USD 1.2 billion for the full year. 
So that brings us like roughly USD 100 million lower per quarter, in some of 
the quarters, right? So, if I'm doing simple math, then USD 250 million and 
USD 280 million roughly, right? What is that big step-down? Is it both the top 
two products that will likely see the step-down, or is there an element of 
conservatism built into the kind of step-down? Just want to get some 
qualitative sense of why despite a very strong Q1, how are we looking at it? 
Vinita Gupta: 
In Q1, you don't have any additional competition on Tolvaptan. And from Q2 
onwards, you will start seeing the impact of Apotex and Teva. We also expect 
in September, we could potentially have one more entrant. We expect to be 
a four-player market with Tolvaptan. And we expect the market to grow as 
well for the molecule, given that it is still 40% generic conversion so far. But 
given the additional competition, we expect pricing to come down, and 
obviously also some share re-distribution. So, we expect Tolvaptan to come 
down over the next couple of quarters. Mirabegron has already seen pressure 
in the first quarter, and we expect that to be a full quarter impact from Q2 
onwards. We expect revenues to be anywhere between USD 250 million to 
USD 280 million a quarter over the next couple of quarters. 

 
August 7, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
When I look at your full-year margin guidance of about 25% and we did the 
gross margins of 75% for the current quarter, right? So, what's a more 
normalized gross margin, please? 
Ramesh Swaminathan:   
It is really going to be a function of how much of Tolvaptan sales and at what 
realization, the kind of competition that you see out there. And more 
importantly, the impact of price increases that we have seen in the recent 
past; post the cost increase that is because of the geopolitical tensions 
around. 
So, the first quarter was not so hugely impacted because of the fact that we 
had inventories that we carried forward, but going forward, we will have to 
take that into account. So, I think we are being a little more cautious when 
you speak about the fact that the EBITDA margins would be in the range of 
24% to 25%. And obviously, this would be, as a reduction on the gross margins 
front as well. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from Neha Manpuria. 
Neha Manpuria: 
In Tolvaptan, we have seen a QoQ increase in market share. Would that be a 
fair assumption? 
Vinita Gupta:   
Yes. 
Neha Manpuria: 
I think in one of your previous call, you'd mentioned that despite additional 
competition coming through, we should be able to defend our market share 
in Tolvaptan. Do you see that dynamic playing out given that we've been able 
to gain share over the last few quarters? 
Vinita Gupta:   
Yes. We would expect the market share tail to be longer, because of the fact 
that it's a specialty pharmacy product as well as our REMS program. But we 
obviously will have to give some share as well to the additional entrants. 
Neha Manpuria: 
In Apixaban, how should we think about the opportunity? You mentioned 
you're still sizing it up, but how should we think about the 505(b)(2) launch 
and our ability to take market share in case we launch it in FY28? 
Vinita Gupta:   
We are looking at the different channels for the product. It's a very large 
brand, which makes it a very interesting opportunity. But given the time we 
have, prior to the other generics entering the market in FY29, we believe that 
a very targeted approach around a few channels is going to serve us well. So, 
we are looking at ways and means of entering, a few of the larger channels 
through our national accounts’ efforts, as well as some incremental 
commercial efforts, to be able to get strong access. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Do you think this should be as large as probably, Mirabegron and Tolvaptan 
was for us? Could this be as large in your view? 
Vinita Gupta: 
It could potentially get there. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Last question on, biosimilars. Let's take a three-year timeframe because you 
have a couple of launches coming in FY29, how big can the biosimilars piece 
be for us here as well as in Europe put together? 

 
August 7, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Put together, it's a material opportunity for us. The U.S. itself, of course, we 
have to deliver this year, but it's looking like a very interesting opportunity 
with Pegfilgrastim. Ranibizumab, we'll have to convert the market. I mean, 
the market has gone into the other products. I think a little bit of a smaller 
opportunity compared to Pegfilgrastim, but Ranibizumab looks like a big 
opportunity for us in Europe, in a few countries direct and also through our 
partnerships with Sandoz as well as others. 
Now, with the VISUfarma footprint that we have across the ophthalmology 
call point, we're going to leverage that as well for Ranibizumab. And then we 
have Aflibercept coming in FY29, and the Pegfilgrastim OBI. In FY30, calendar 
year '29, we have Etanercept. So, I think we are looking at biosimilars ramping 
up in the next three years to a couple of hundred million dollars scale business 
across these key markets. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from Soorya Patra. 
Soorya Patra: 
My first question is on the respiratory portfolio. How big is the respiratory 
portfolio contribution to the overall business for Lupin right now? In terms of 
the U.S. business, what would be its share currently? 
Vinita Gupta:  
In the base business, I'm just going by memory here, it's over 20% right now, 
Tiotropium, Albuterol as well as Xopenex®. So, a little bit more than 20% even.  
And as we look at our pipeline, we have Dulera® that is filed. We have multiple 
products that we are now making progress on like, Respimat, we have made 
significant progress over the last quarter, and we are in a position to file this 
fiscal year. We also have been successful with a pivotal PK on Breo®. So very 
pleased to get the Ellipta franchise also started from a pipeline perspective, 
and we would expect to file the ANDA later this fiscal year. 
We have green propellants, the Luforbec® new propellant filed in Europe in 
the last quarter in fact, and multiple pipeline programs also making progress 
for Europe. So really pleased with the progress now that we are making on 
the respiratory pipeline, with MDIs, DPIs, Respimat, Ellipta, as well as green 
propellants.  
Soorya Patra: 
From the Albuterol side, for which the market share, has to some extent 
subsided from the level of 19% - 20% to 16% currently, and possibly we have 
already reached the peak potential of Tiotropium. So here, in the mid-term, 
till the time that the pipeline products are getting launched in the U.S., is it 
fair to believe that the respiratory portfolio in the U.S. is likely to remain 
flattish or kind of moderating like that?  
Vinita Gupta: 
This is hard to predict for certain. But right now, the Albuterol market has 
stabilized. It has the 16% share, and the relative positions of competition are 
kind of stabilized based on the supply situations from the different 
competitors.  
On Tiotropium, we know how difficult it has been for us. We haven't really 
heard of any imminent approvals and launches. So, we would expect that the 
baseline should be stable as Dulera®, our nasal spray products in the next 
year, and then the new products, Respimat, as well as others come to market. 

 
August 7, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Soorya Patra: 
My next question is on the Europe business, which has been doing great for 
us, and that is visible even in this quarter. But I was just going through the 
kind of a higher rebate policy initiated by Germany, wherein they are kind of 
doubling the rebate requirement. What would be your reading about either 
profitability or pricing pressure what we can see in the European market? Or 
let's say, if it is Germany, then even if we restrict that policy to Germany, then 
what implication that the overall Europe portfolio can see because of this? 
Vinita Gupta:  
It's very interesting, the dynamics in all of the European countries that we are 
realizing. And even in Germany, on the one side, you see the increase in 
rebate on a part of our portfolio, but in others, for example, in our biosimilars, 
in particular for Ranibizumab and Aflibercept, we are finding that it's not part 
of the AOK tenders anymore. So, it becomes a nice, branded opportunity. 
Overall, we are seeing all the major European markets really struggling with 
the overall healthcare budgets, the overall drug spends budgets, and they are 
struggling to really bring more innovative products into the fold and not 
making enough products available for unmet needs for patients. 
We are starting to see, like, in countries like France, we have recently noticed 
that they are really doubling down on biosimilars, just given how important 
the biologics LOE is. Right now, it's like USD 100 plus billion worth of 
biosimilars that go off patent over the next five to 10 years. So, more 
incentives for substitution of biosimilars that we have seen to be able to 
reduce some of the drug spend so that they can make room for innovative 
products. 
And I think if that model works for France, we will see very soon the other 
countries following a similar model to be able to afford innovation, while 
making the generic side and the biosimilar side of the business more 
substitutable to be able to get efficient access to medicines. We are very 
optimistic, very hopeful that Europe is going to increasingly become a more 
important geography for Lupin for certain, just given our portfolio of 
respiratory products, biosimilars overall, as well as the ophthalmology 
biosimilars, as well as the specialty portfolio. We have tremendous headroom 
to be able to build in Europe. 
Soorya Patra:  
Just last one question from my side regarding the biosimilars. Two points 
specifically here. How sizable are these two opportunities, first two product 
opportunity in the U.S., for us, because Pegfilgrastim or even Ranibizumab, if 
you consider both are kind of a partner product, and the prices for this 
product, for biosimilar prices has already corrected to the tune of 85% to 90%. 
So, considering that, how sizable this could be? 
And secondly, given the sharp price erosion that has happened already in the 
U.S. market, how is the European product prices there in biosimilars 
compared to that of the U.S.?  
Vinita Gupta: 
So even with Pegfilgrastim, as I mentioned earlier also the last couple of 
quarters, we've been pleasantly surprised with the opportunity that we see 
right now. And of course, we'll want to deliver that in this fiscal year to be 
able to gain that confidence operationally. But as we look at our partner's 

 
August 7, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
forecast and what we can do in the current fiscal year, it's a really good size 
opportunity for Lupin. As I mentioned, I will not size up each and every 
product, but if I look at the next three years between U.S. and Europe with 
these three products or so, we have a couple of hundred million dollars worth 
of opportunity on the biosimilars front. 
Soorya Patra: 
And price difference in U.S. and Europe? 
Vinita Gupta:  
In Europe, the pricing on our products is fairly stable. And like I mentioned, 
we're also starting to see new developments, like in Germany, these products 
are not part of tenders, so more of a branded opportunity on the 
ophthalmology front. In France, new measures that will likely enhance 
biosimilar adoption and ease market access for us, all of which gives us this 
optimism on the biosimilars front.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from Bino Pathiparampil. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Just a follow-up question on couple of products, which you mentioned. You 
mentioned the first-to-file exclusivity in FY27. I didn't get the name, but is that 
a sole exclusivity? 
Vinita Gupta:  
On Raltegravir, yes, I mentioned that. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Second one in FY28, which is the one you mentioned as sole exclusivity? 
Vinita Gupta:  
I mentioned Diazepam, Epinephrine that is two nasal sprays, Ivacaftor is 
another. And yes, those would be the main ones. Suflave® is another exclusive 
first-to-file next year. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Last question on Spiriva Respimat®. How is the market compared to the DPI? 
Vinita Gupta:  
It's moved more towards the Respimat.  
Bino Pathiparampil: 
If you could give some rough size idea? 
Vinita Gupta:  
We'll get back to you with that. I don't have the exact numbers.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from Kunal Dhamesha. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
The first question is on the India business that you shared, that we are 
planning to derive one-third of the revenue from innovative products. So, can 
you elaborate more on this strategy, what would be the kind of required 
investment here, both from balance sheet and P&L perspective? And the 
usual impression is such in-licensing deals are not very accretive to 
profitability, right? So, what are we going to do differently? And from therapy 
perspective, do we stick to our key therapies of cardiac, anti-diabetic, or we 
look at a more high-growth therapies like oncology?  
Nilesh Gupta:  
So, I think there's three avenues of proprietary products. One is our internal 
pipeline. So, we're building those internally. Another is in-licensing deals, as 
you talked. And the other most important and what will be the biggest will be 
pure innovative NCEs that we would bring to market, products like 
Bofanglutide that we announced a little while ago, which is now in the clinical 
development path, and in the next couple of years, we should be able to bring 
to market. 

 
August 7, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
So, we've allocated the capital for this. It's purely India. It's not that expensive 
from overall licensing or a development perspective. Obviously, you need to 
have the entire suite of capabilities. So, you do need to have the ability to 
assess a new chemical entity at an early stage, do the clinical development 
and bring it to market. And in a market like India, how do you build ability to 
do, over a period of time, 30, 40, 50 assets at a time. 
The goal of USD 1 billion or one-third of our business to come from innovative 
products is an aspiration for the next 10 years. But I think if you break it down, 
it basically means to be able to do 10 to 15 products every year. I think it's 
coming together quite well. So, in the next three years, we should start 
bringing those products to market and really build that pipeline. 
Obviously, key interest would be in our key therapy area, so which are 
products in respiratory, cardiology and diabetes. From an innovation 
perspective, obviously, 50% of what you would see as assets would be in areas 
like oncology, where we're not strong. Then we would cherry pick and we 
would pick assets that we feel can be really first-in-class, so that it can make 
a real difference in the market. We've started the journey. I think we've 
started it with putting strong capability together as well. And we'd love to 
keep updating you as the pipeline develops. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
You are suggesting like 80 launches in India in the next three years, right? So 
how many of that you think would be from this market? 
Nilesh Gupta:  
So, over a period of the next 10 years, we're looking at 60 to 70 launches of 
the innovative products. In the next three years, a very small fraction, I would 
say not even three, four of these would be truly innovative products. 
Kunal Dhamesha:  
In terms of profitability, would it be similar to our India business whenever it 
scales up, or how should we think in the longer run? 
Nilesh Gupta:   
Certainly similar if not better. So, we would expect that. I think you already 
pointed to how much is the actual burn on the clinical trials , but I think the 
entire model looks really good. And in the next few years, you'll start seeing 
positive returns coming from it. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Given that we have now established track record of selling both DPI & MDI 
products in U.S., how is it helping us in terms of clearing or like developing the 
next phase of respiratory products in terms of development cycles in your 
view? How the development cycles are shrinking and what are some of the 
learnings, which would help you bring this next wave of products to the 
market efficiently? 
Vinita Gupta:   
I'd say that in the different platforms, the complexities are different. On the 
MDI front, it's going to be a significant year of filings on the respiratory MDI 
products. I'd say on the Ellipta® platform, that was likely our most challenging 
platform. We've been working on it for multiple years and I'm very pleased to 
finally be able to get a positive PK on the first product. 
Now, the next major is getting Trelegy® right which our team is working upon 
and they're going to apply the learnings they have from Breo® onto that 
product. 

 
August 7, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
And then on the Spiriva front, on the Respimat Spiriva, there was more of a 
device challenge that we faced & that now that we have cleared it and we'll 
file the product this year. The follow-on products become easier for us. So, I'd 
say different level of complexity across the different platforms, but a lot of 
learnings over the last couple of years that the team will leverage to be able 
to expedite the filings as well as potential approvals. Given that these 
products are either CGT or have no competition in the marketplace, the FDA 
is also looking to expedite these approvals. So, I'm going to look forward to 
leveraging that. 
In addition to that, a number of these products are out of India, some out of 
our facility in Coral Springs. We'll also want to leverage the Coral Springs 
domestic manufacturing in the U.S. for expedited review of these products 
that the administration is focused on to get more onshoring of products in the 
U.S. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Just one aspect of this, let's say, if you have an MDI line for one product, can 
the capacity become fungible for another MDI, or it does not? 
Vinita Gupta:   
It does. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
On the Apixaban 505(b)(2). From here, what are the key monitorables for 
you? And what's the duration advantage that we will have vis-a-vis the 
generics, which has slated to enter the early part of FY29, I believe? 
Vinita Gupta:   
As I mentioned, we are sizing it up, but like material brands, so one first 
monitorable thing that one can track is the approval. We have a goal date of 
September. We are hoping that we get approval in September, and then 
simultaneously we're building up launch quantities. And we expect to start 
having material commercial quantities start in January '27 calendar year, and 
we would expect somewhere in the summer that we should launch and 
hopefully get 10 to 12 months before others enter. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Can you share, which plant is it filed from? 
Vinita Gupta:   
It's Somerset, that's been cleared recently. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from Tushar Manudhane. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
In the opening remarks, you alluded to Fluticasone nasal spray. What dosages 
have you filed? And like where are we in terms of the approval process? 
Vinita Gupta:   
We filed both the Rx as well as OTC. We would expect the Rx approval to come 
in this year and OTC in FY28. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
All the formulation as well as API being manufactured in-house, or how is it? 
Vinita Gupta:   
The formulation is all in-house. The API is not. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Device is also in-house? 
Vinita Gupta:   
No we chose the device, of course, through a device manufacturer. 

 
August 7, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Tushar Manudhane: 
You referred to Apixaban 505(b) (2) right? If you could just qualitatively help 
understand what's the differentiation this product is going to bring compared 
to what the innovator's product? 
Vinita Gupta:   
We'll maybe share that closer to the launch date. We're sizing up the 
opportunity, and we'll be in a better position to share that over the next 
couple of quarters.  
Tushar Manudhane: 
Just trying to understand the value addition compared to the innovator 
product, not so much like in terms of pricing. It was more in terms of the value 
addition compared to an innovator product? 
Vinita Gupta:   
It definitely would be an unmet need for patients that we've targeted. But let 
us come back to you with thoughts around it over the next couple of quarters.  
Moderator: 
We can take the next question from Vivek Agarwal. 
Vivek Agarwal: 
Couple of questions on the cost base. If you look your staff cost and other 
expenses have gone up meaningfully. So, just if you can help us understand, 
how to look at these lines going forward, and what is driving these cost lines 
significantly? 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
The cost lines are essentially because of increments, then based on the needs 
of business, including India region, we have also been recruiting people. And 
there's also an Fx impact, at least, vis-à-vis the previous year. 
Vivek Agarwal: 
Is it fair to understand right, before you launch a major product that is 
Apixaban and in between a couple of major products, you are seeing 
incremental competition, there may be a few quarters where your EBITDA 
margin can fall even below 20%? 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
There will be volatility between quarters, for sure. The magnitude is 
something that we can't actually speak about at this stage. But we would also 
do well to understand that our R&D expenditure is at least ahead above the 
competition, firstly. And secondly, we also have the impact of adjacencies and 
so on, which have been captured. They're still evolving. Some of them are still 
making losses, though, of course, I think it will come down over time. 
Next year, for example, we believe the Diagnostics business will do very well. 
It will be break-even, for sure. And I would say the same thing for other 
businesses. Our Digital business is evolving extremely well. You could say that 
for the OTC business and CDMO as well. But I think you would do well to 
remember that all of these are at this stage loss making and therefore is 
impacting EBITDA margins and of course, our overall EPS at this stage. But 
clearly, that would be a thing of the past in quarters to come. 
Vivek Agarwal: 
Is it possible for you to quantify what kind of the losses in terms of percentage 
hit on EBITDA margin these adjacencies are contributing at this point of time? 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
Overall about 1% - 1.5%.  
Vivek Agarwal: 
One product specific question I have. You have a one product, one FTF that is 
Xywav®. So, is it a FY29, FY30 type of product, or is it like a FY30 or beyond?  

 
August 7, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
It's a FY33 product for us. 
Moderator: 
We can take the next question from Saurabh Kapadia. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Just one question on the Other Developed market and EMEA. What could be 
the sustainable growth in this market over the next couple of years? 
And secondly, with the kind of growth we have seen, how the profitability or 
the margins in the key market have moved over the last three - four quarters? 
Vinita Gupta:  
We are looking at potentially double-digit growth, in some years., higher than 
others, but anywhere between 10% to 20% over the next couple of years. And 
the margins just given the scale of the business is growing. We've been 
subscale so far. And with the additional portfolio, as well as the expansion 
with the pipeline, we expect margins to continue to expand as well. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Do we need incremental investment to be made in any of the geography or 
any potential inorganic opportunity, which we could seek in any of these 
specific countries? 
Vinita Gupta:  
We expect to really maximize the biosimilars business. We are going to make 
a small, but commercial investment, in particular in the U.S., even for the 
505(b) (2) of Apixaban. And our strategy on the 505(b)(2) front, because we 
have other products that we have targeted as well, we'll likely make a small 
commercial investment. 
Moderator: 
We can take the next question from Chintan Sheth. 
Chintan Sheth: 
I have a question on the U.S. side of the business where we have put out the 
numbers in terms of upcoming pipeline of 50 FTFs, 21 exclusive ones. If you 
can cumulatively provide some indication on the market size of those, and 
how should one look at monetizing those over the course of next three to five 
years? You've explained a few of the products already, but if you can 
cumulatively help us understand how would those numbers can contribute to 
our incremental revenue in the U.S. markets.  
Vinita Gupta: 
Perhaps what we can do is get back to you offline to go through the overall 
brand revenues and the relative products where we have limited competition. 
Overall, we are looking at our portfolio from the complex generics doubling 
over the next three to five years. That along with the fact that we believe with 
the pipeline we have, we should be able to grow our business in the next three 
to five years. With the inherent growth out of this pipeline, plus the fact that 
we are increasing from a complexity standpoint. We are looking at a potential 
expansion in margins.  
Of course, we'll make investments as well, as I mentioned, in maximizing 
these opportunities. But maybe our team can get back to you offline on 
looking at the overall market size and the like. 
Chintan Sheth: 
On the EMEA side, and I believe the growth is coming because of the 
VISUfarma acquisition for last four quarters. Base of Q2 kind of bakes in the 
VISUfarma. How should one look at the growth in that piece, EMEA business 
going forward? 

 
August 7, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
We're looking at anywhere from 10% to 20% level in Europe. So, splitting out 
South Africa separately is a little bit lower. Just given the scale we are at. With 
the pipeline portfolio that we have and the opportunities, Europe should 
grow at that 10%-20% to level. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Any colour on the ROW market growth. 
Vinita Gupta: 
Also, double-digit growth. 
Chintan Sheth: 
To continue?  
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. I now hand the conference over to the management 
for their closing comments. 
Vinita Gupta: 
Thank you, friends, for all your questions, and hopefully, we've been able to 
answer majority of them, but if not, the team will connect and clarify any open 
questions you have. As I mentioned, we are optimistic about a near-term 
opportunity as well as long-term opportunity. In the near-term, to be able to 
navigate our near-term challenges with the opportunities we have from a 
portfolio perspective, evolving in areas that we've invested for the last many 
years. 
In the longer-term, as Nilesh mentioned also, as we evolve innovation, 
innovation in India, innovation in our specialty business in Europe as well as 
the U.S., we look forward to delivering long-term growth as well as return for 
all our stakeholders. Thank you again, and we look forward to connecting with 
you in the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ma'am. On behalf of Lupin Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now exit the webinar. 
 
