 
 August 06, 2026 
 
To, 
Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 543280 
Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1. G Block, 
Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 400051. 
Scrip Symbol: NAZARA 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Investor/Analyst Earnings Call held on August 04, 2026: 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In furtherance to our letter dated August 04, 2026 regarding the audio recording of the investors earnings 
call for the Q1 FY2026-27 Results, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the said call. The 
Transcript is also available on the Company’s website i.e. www.nazara.com.  
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Nazara Technologies Limited  
 
 
 
Arun Bhandari 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
ARUN SHIVA 
BHANDARI
Digitally signed by 
ARUN SHIVA BHANDARI 
Date: 2026.08.06 
21:32:54 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Nazara Technologies Limited Q1 FY '27 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. NITISH MITTERSAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, NAZARA TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. ROHIT SHARMA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, NAZARA TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
MR. RAKESH SHAH – CFO, NAZARA TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MS. ANUPRIYA SINHA DAS – HEAD (CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT), 
NAZARA TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. SHREYES MENON – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, SMAAASH 
MR. TERRY LEE – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, FUSEBOX GAMES 
MS. SUSAN PLANCK – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, CURVE GAMES 
MR. MAXIME LOPPIN – CHIEF PRODUCT OFFICER, BLUETILE GAMES 
MR. MANISH GAURAV – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – PAPERBOAT APPS 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
MR. JEFF AMIS – CO-FOUNDER & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
WILDWORKS INC 
MR. MAYANK KUMAR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, ABSOLUTE SPORTS 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
MR. AKSHAT RATHEE – FOUNDER, NODWIN GAMING PRIVATE LIMITED 
MR. SENTHIL GOVINDAN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, DATAWRKZ 
BUSINESS SOLUTIONS PRIVATE LIMITED 
MR. CHRIS JONES – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, SPACE & TIME. 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NIRANT DHUMAL – ICICI SECURITIES 
 

 
Nazara Technologies Limited                                    
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Nazara Technologies Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nirant Dhumal from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Nirant Dhumal: 
Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Nazara Technologies Limited Q1 FY27 Post-Results 
Earnings Call. 
The call will start with brief Management remarks on the Earnings Performance, followed by a 
Q&A session. 
Nazara Management will be represented by Nitish Mittersain – MD and CEO, Nazara 
Technologies Limited; Rohit Sharma – Executive Director, Nazara Technologies Limited; 
Rakesh Shah – CFO, Nazara Technologies Limited; Anupriya Sinha Das – Head of Corporate 
Development, Nazara Technologies Limited; Shreyes Menon – Whole-Time Director, 
SMAAASH; Terry Lee – CEO, Fusebox Games; Susan Planck – COO, Curve Games; Maxime 
Loppin – CPO, Bluetile Games; Manish Gaurav – Whole-Time Director, Paperboat Apps Private 
Limited; Jeff Amis – Co-founder and CEO, WildWorks Inc; Mayank Kumar – CEO, Absolute 
Sports Private Limited; Akshat Rathee – Founder, NODWIN Gaming Private Limited; Senthil 
Govindan – CEO, Datawrkz Business Solutions Private Limited; Chris Jones – CEO, Space & 
Time. 
Over to you, sir. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Hello. Yes, hi, everyone. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us this morning. 
This is Nitish. 
Q1 FY27 marks a significant step forward in Nazara's evolution into a global gaming operating 
platform. Yesterday, we announced our Q1 Results, the appointment of Raymond Stauffer as our 
new CEO, effective September 1 2026, subject to relevant regulatory approvals, and an 
acceleration of the previously announced Bluetile and BestPlay transaction to acquire 100% 
ownership for a fixed all-cash consideration of $303 million. 
Consolidated revenue came in at INR 429 crores, and EBITDA was INR 46 crores. We reported 
a PAT loss of INR 82 crores, largely attributable to the share of loss from associates and 
impairment loss. Excluding the impact of NODWIN's deconsolidation, comparable consolidated 
revenue grew approximately 9% year-on-year. Our gaming revenue increased 14% year-on-year 
to INR 275 crores, with an EBITDA margin of 19.5% and all our gaming businesses remained 
EBITDA positive while showing positive growth. 

 
Nazara Technologies Limited                                    
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
Our shared capabilities across UA, data, product, and growth are translating into stronger 
performance across the gaming portfolio. 
The long-standing concern on Kiddopia’s stagnation has changed in the last quarters. Kiddopia 
revenues grew 19% year-on-year as our user acquisition scaled, behind improving unit 
economics. 
Fusebox, which runs the popular game Love Island, increased 12% year-on-year to INR 82 
crores, whereas Animal Jam’s revenue also grew 11% year-on-year. 
The Board, on the recommendation of its investment committee, has approved an amendment 
to the previously announced transaction structure to acquire 100% of Bluetile and BestPlay for 
a fixed cash consideration of $303 million. Under this amended structure, $89 million will be 
paid at closing, with the remaining $214 million payable in agreed tranches by 1 April 2027. 
This new structure provides certainty of ownership and the acquisition price, full economics 
upon closing, single owner governance, immediate operating integration, greater strategic 
flexibility, and access to the cash generated by the business. 
For reference, the Bluetile and BestPlay business reported INR 518 crores of revenue and INR 
55 crores of EBITDA in Q1 FY27. And subject to the final closing, we are expecting to start 
consolidating this entire business from Q2 FY27. 
We have also appointed Bluetile CEO and founder - Raymond Stauffer - as CEO of Nazara 
Technologies, effective 1 September 2026. Raymond brings a founder's mindset and a proven 
record, especially on AI-enabled game development, operating discipline, and capital-efficient 
growth. I think he and his team will be able to significantly boost and help all the other studios 
within the Nazara umbrella. 
As Founder and Managing Director, I will continue to shape Nazara's long-term strategy, 
portfolio direction, and key relationships, working closely with Raymond and the Board. Nazara 
enters this next phase with greater scale, stronger leadership, and significantly deeper operating 
capability. 
With that, I will hand over to Anupriya to discuss segmental performance. Anupriya, over to 
you. 
Anupriya Sinha Das: 
Thank you, Nitish. Good morning, everyone. 
I will cover the segmental performance. 
In Q1 FY27, our Gaming segment revenue grew by 14% year-on-year to INR 275 crores. 
EBITDA reached INR 54 crores, resulting in an EBITDA margin of 19.5%. 
Within Mobile Gaming, Bluetile and BestPlay, which will be consolidated from Q2 FY27, 
delivered 54% revenue growth year-on-year, with gains reinvested into user acquisition. 

 
Nazara Technologies Limited                                    
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
EBITDA held flat as UA spend rose from 78% to 85% of revenue, though revenue net of UA 
spend still increased from INR 73 crores to INR 80 crores. 
As Nitish mentioned, Kiddopia revenue grew 19% year-on-year in Q1 FY27 with higher UA 
spend deployed against improving unit economics. The 24-month LTV/CAC continues to trend 
upwards, though the step-up in user acquisition moderated the near-term EBITDA. 
Animal Jam revenue increased by 11% year-on-year, supported by a consistent content cadence 
and continued growth investment. Fusebox Games, the developer and publisher of the Love 
Island game, grew 12% year-on-year as the studio scaled Love Island, which ranked #1 in free 
apps and #5 in top-grossing apps in the U.S., while investing in Big Brother's growth and the 
development of the new game, Traitors. 
With Q1 FY27 revenue of INR 53 crores, EBITDA of INR 14 crores and a 27% EBITDA margin, 
the PC and Console publishing business remained strongly profitable while funding the release 
slate. Transaction sales for Human: Fall Flat and For The King II both increased year-on-year, 
while more than 60% of the development investment during the quarter was allocated to new 
signings. The new releases will begin from Q2 FY27. Margins were lower relative to Q1 FY26, 
which had benefited from the first-party studio release of Badlands Crew last year.  
Offline gaming delivered healthy profitability at a 33% EBITDA margin, with Q1 FY27 revenue 
of INR 34 crores and EBITDA of INR 11 crores. Funky Monkeys revenue grew 58% year-on-
year, driven by both same-store sales growth and store expansion, while the SMAAASH 2.0 
reimagined format development is in full swing. 
Within our Other businesses, Datawrkz delivered Q1 FY27 revenue of INR 126 crores and 
EBITDA of INR 3 crores, supported by continued operating discipline. Space & Time grew 
EBITDA year-on-year, demonstrating margin resilience through a softer demand environment. 
AdTech business' next focus is on scaling higher margin products business such as Vizibl and 
expanding into newer markets.  
Absolute Sports posted Q1 FY27 revenue of INR 28 crores and EBITDA of INR 1 crore. 
Sportskeeda delivered positive EBITDA at a lower cost base with the full effects of cost actions 
expected from Q2, while Pro Football Network delivered its best Q1 yet with a 19% EBITDA 
margin versus break-even in Q1 FY26. 
NODWIN's Q1, traditionally its slowest quarter, saw stable revenue growth with losses 
substantially lower year-on-year. Comic Con Mumbai was a sold-out show, and the IP is 
expanding to 14 events in India this year, alongside the registration of Comic Con World as a 
global IP. NODWIN is targeting organic growth of 30%+ for FY27 and is progressing towards 
its IPO readiness. 
With this I conclude my remarks and we will open the call for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Aditya Jawar from AK Investment. Please go ahead. 

 
Nazara Technologies Limited                                    
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Aditya Jawar: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Great set of numbers. My question is to Raymond, if he is in the 
call. Raymond, can you just briefly talk about your journey regarding Bluetile? How did you 
scale up? Your background was from Google, where you were leading some trust and safety 
products, but how did this gaming came into your thing? And also, when I see your numbers, I 
see that in the last seven years you have scaled beautifully, so were there any inorganic 
acquisition that you went for, or was it all organic? That is my first high-level question to 
Raymond. Is Raymond on the call? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Hi, this is Nitish. Raymond is not on the call because he was on a flight during the timing of this 
call. He is represented by Maxime, who is going to take over as the CEO of Bluetile and BestPlay 
once Raymond moves to the Nazara side. 
Aditya Jawar: 
Right. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
I think Maxime can answer some of this.  
Aditya Jawar: 
Yes. That works. Yes. 
Maxime Loppin: 
Okay. I cannot talk too much about Raymond's experience. He will talk to you about it more in-
depth. What I know is that I have been working with Raymond for a while now. He is an 
absolutely extraordinary CEO. Now about the second question - no, it is not organic growth. So, 
the way we spend money here at Bluetile is that it is based on the profitability of the campaigns, 
so the UA. We released several new games, new features for the games, for BestPlay, and we 
have seen a great return on investment on many different campaigns. That is why we decided to 
increase the spend and therefore the growth in revenues. So, most of the increase in revenues is 
driven by paid acquisition, actually. And we did this in order to increase the revenue baseline 
and the user base, basically. That will give us full flexibility in the future to adjust revenues or 
EBITDA. So, this was driven by a paid user acquisition. 
Aditya Jawar: 
Okay. That sounds good. Secondly, this question is for Nitish. Basically, we have changed the 
deal that we will go for an all-cash deal. That is basically a liquidity exit to all the Bluetile and 
BestPlay investors. We are also appointing Raymond as the CEO of Nazara Technologies. What 
would be their skin in the game in this from a long-term shareholder’s perspective? Also, the 
day after tomorrow, we are having a Board Meeting for preferential raise? Can you just throw 
some light there? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Right. Yes. I obviously cannot comment on the fundraise and the preferential issue before the 
Board approves it. But, you can be rest assured that we are working on a structure that will 
incentivize the management team including Raymond as the CEO of Nazara. Over the next few 
days, we will communicate more on that. 
Aditya Jawar: 
Okay. Thanks. All the best. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Thank you. 

 
Nazara Technologies Limited                                    
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Samarth Patel with Equirus. Please go 
ahead. 
Samarth Patel: 
Thanks for providing me the opportunity. I had a couple of questions. First one was on Curve 
Games. If I remember correctly in the last call, you had mentioned that we will have six new 
releases this year. So, where do we stand today? In terms of margin, should we expect margin to 
stay at this level throughout the investment phase with respect to Curve Games? That's my first 
question. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Sure. Samarth, let me first answer this and then get Susan to deep dive into it. I think 
fundamentally what we have done over the last few quarters since we acquired Curve is to really 
push and encourage the team to start signing up new titles. Curve has been well known in the 
indie space for being able to select and bring excellent, successful titles to the market. But over 
the last few years, their ability to invest into signing new titles was significantly depressed, which 
was kind of constraining them. So, I think we have kind of unleashed them from that constraint, 
and I think they have done a very good job in terms of building a strong pipeline. Susan, if you 
may come in and talk about a bit more specifics around what's happening and what to expect in 
terms of the title roadmap, etc., it will be helpful. 
Susan Planck: 
Thanks, Nitish. Can you hear me? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yes. 
Susan Planck: 
Hi there. Susan Planck, Curve Games. Yes. As Nitish said, we have been investing in new titles 
under Nazara since the acquisition last year. Our new development titles generally have a 
development cycle of 12 to 18 months, which has meant there has been some delay in reaping 
the benefits of the new signings under Nazara. However, we are looking at releases upcoming 
within the next three quarters of FY27, starting actually with Sovereign Tower, a title we are 
really excited about that's actually coming out later this week. We have then got Dragon Shelter 
releasing in September. And then a number of other new titles that we are incredibly excited 
about that are yet to be announced, coming before the end of the year. 
With respect to the margin, yes, our 27% EBITDA margin that we saw in Q1 of FY27 is lower 
than our expectation for the full year and indeed the margin of almost 40% that we delivered last 
financial year. The new titles that we have signed will contribute significantly to increasing that 
margin in the subsequent quarters of the year. 
Rohit Sharma: 
Hi, this is Rohit. If I may also add with respect to your question to the margin – we've got our 
own first-party studio, IronOak Games, which makes the game For The King. For The King II 
has been seeing a good upside on its numbers in the last couple of months, and this will continue, 
and therefore, as we go along, we will see better margin in the business. IronOak Games is also 
now working on some new titles, which again will be first-party titles and hence, they will 
deliver better margin as we go along in the next couple of quarters. 
Samarth Patel: 
Understood. That was really elaborate and very helpful. My second question is on offline 
gaming. What is the total capital commitment that we will have to the offline business over, let's 

 
Nazara Technologies Limited                                    
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
say, next couple of years? And just building on that, which quarter the SMAAASH 2.0 
experience will actually go live? If you can help me with those details. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yes, sure. This is Nitish again. Right now, we are doing two things on offline gaming. One is, 
like I said, we are working on establishing the SMAAASH 2.0 product market fit, and the first 
reinvention is going to happen in the Lower Parel, Mumbai’s longstanding SMAAASH outlet, 
where we have already started with the design and back-end product and technology. We are 
going to start implementing soon. I think Q4 FY27, likely between January 2027 and March 
2027, is when we will look to launch it at this point of time. In terms of Funky Monkeys, they 
continue to expand their centers quite successfully, and we will continue to encourage them to 
do that. We are funding it through internal accruals as well as some debt and some capital 
infusion by Nazara. Right now, our overall commitment across these two businesses, including 
some stake increase in Funky Monkeys, is approximately INR 50 odd crore. And beyond that, 
we have not decided any specific capital allocation, especially till we see the SMAAASH 2.0 
product market fit. 
Samarth Patel: 
Thank you, Nitish, for that information. Very helpful. My last question is on NODWIN. In the 
last quarter, we also spoke about raising anywhere between, let's say, $100 million-$200 million 
kind of capital, and NODWIN is also preparing for IPO. So, where do we stand in that process, 
and does the secondary sale of Nazara’s NODWIN shareholding form part of how the Bluetile 
consideration will get funded along with the preferential allotment that we talked about? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yes. We have Akshat – the Founder and CEO of NODWIN. It will be best for him to answer 
this. 
Akshat Rathee: 
I will answer the first part, Nitish. The second part might be more appropriate for you to take. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Okay. 
Akshat Rathee: 
Look, NODWIN has been able to script a significant turnaround. Our shows are now selling out 
across the world. We are expanding some of our Comic Con shows, our premier IP, from 11 
shows that we did last year to 14 domestically and two to three international ones also. We have 
had a bumper year on our esports IPs and with the clarity of Esports in India being a special 
category that has been made through the PROGA Act, we are looking at significant scale wins 
as part of our IPO process. And as we go out in the market, we will continue to talk to some of 
you and look at some guidance. 
The world is in a little crazy place right now, as you can understand, both geopolitically and 
figuratively where we are. Our process continues. We have very strong traction that is coming 
in for people who have interest in pre-IPO participation versus normal primary funding rounds. 
Then it is over to the shareholders and us to have this conversation of where do we want to take 
the company forward in all. I think we have the utmost support from Nazara and its management, 
and Nitish specifically to go ahead and chart our own path. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yes. Can you just repeat the second question, please? 

 
Nazara Technologies Limited                                    
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Samarth Patel: 
My question was that would the NODWIN secondary sale be part of how the Bluetile 
consideration gets funded along with the primary raise that we might do? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
For the Bluetile consideration we have multiple options. One is that Bluetile already has a certain 
amount of cash on its balance sheet post our acquisition. I believe it's about give or take around 
$20 million that we will have access to. There will be additional cash flow generated by Nazara 
and Bluetile up to that period, which will be leveraged. There will be some component of debt 
that we would take. There could be some equity, and there could be stake sales. I think we have 
multiple options that we have factored in to conclude that transaction. 
Samarth Patel: 
Understood, Nitish. That was really helpful. Thanks for providing the opportunity.  
Nitish Mittersain: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kunal Bajaj with Choice Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Bajaj: 
Yes. Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I have a couple of questions regarding 
margins. We see that EBITDA margins declined meaningfully this quarter. This is on the back 
of higher UA expenses. Should we expect relatively sharp normalization over the next few 
quarters, or the recovery is likely to be gradual? That is one. Regarding Bluetile margins as well, 
we see Bluetile margins in Q1 is around 11% as compared to 17% in the corresponding period 
last year. What are the key factors behind the decline? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yes. I think I will answer for both the businesses or all the gaming businesses. I think the good 
news is that this is a good reason for the EBITDA decline, which means that while maintaining 
the guardrails of the LTV/CAC ratio, the revenue we want to make versus the cost we want to 
spend on user acquisition, while maintaining strong guardrails on that, we are seeing the ability 
to scale up through enhanced AI implementations, data analytics, and user acquisition 
capabilities. We are basically scaling the user acquisition in a very profitable manner. And if we 
continue to see that, we will continue to drive it. We have not kept any caps to it. I think the way 
to think about it is, if we are able to see tangible growth on the revenue side, we are not driving 
it at a cost of margins. It's just that the margins are deferred because all the user acquisition cost 
is being absorbed upfront. Eventually, this will, of course, normalize into much higher EBITDA 
margins being reported. 
Kunal Bajaj: 
Okay. Just one more bookkeeping question. How do we see the quarterly D&A charges going 
forward? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
I think, again, we amortize the intangibles that we take on book for the acquisitions. Currently, 
outside of Bluetile, they are broadly in steady-state what we have been reporting, and we 
continue broadly at the same level. Bluetile will obviously add its own amortization, which I 
don't have a specific number right now, but that can be easily calculated, or we can share it 
offline. 

 
Nazara Technologies Limited                                    
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Kunal Bajaj: 
Sure. Just if I can pitch in one last question. Out of the $214 million transaction, which we are 
expecting to be completed by April 1, 2027, do we have the breakup of $214 million? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Anupriya, can you share that, please? 
Anupriya Sinha Das: 
Sure. Out of the $214 million that we will acquire Bluetile and BestPlay for, around $75 million 
is due in 90 days from now. From within the total of $131 million beyond that, around $35 
million in due in December 2026, and the subsequent last amount before 1 April 2027. 
Kunal Bajaj: 
Okay, thanks. That's helpful. All the best. 
Anupriya Sinha Das: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Jinesh Joshi with PL Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my question is with respect to the change in the mode of 
consideration with respect to the payouts relating to the Bluetile acquisition. In the earlier 
version, the interests of the shareholders were pretty much well-aligned given the fact that the 
payouts were staggered and any which ways, in the earlier scheme of things, 100% consolidation 
was to happen from day one. Although there was some bit of valuation uncertainty which was 
there in the earlier version. Apart from that, which will get eliminated now in the new version, 
you now have a fixed amount that you need to pay over a fixed time period. When it comes to 
the payouts, obviously, that was spread out over three years, and now by 1 April 2027, you have 
to make the balance payment of $214 million, which might lead to some kind of dilution, right? 
We are looking for some preferential raise, and maybe you also mentioned that we take some 
debt. Any specific reason to upfront the payments, maybe take debt, dilute rather than wait it out 
for three years? I’m asking this because the consolidation, anyway, was going to happen from 
day one without any minority interest accrual. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yes. I think there were multiple considerations here. One is obviously the trajectory of Bluetile 
and BestPlay made the investment committee feel that the payouts eventually may turn out to 
be much larger because they were all performance-based payouts with annual payouts which 
could go up to 180% of the committed payouts. I think that was one consideration on what the 
payouts can be. I think the second was, since we thought that Raymond was really a good fit to 
come in as overall CEO, having continued performance metrics targtes for him for just a specific 
business would cause some level of conflict and misalignment, which we wanted to avoid. I 
think those are the two key reasons besides a few others. 
In terms of the consolidation question, while we were going to, as per accounting standards, 
consolidate, there would still be 50% leakage of the cash generated by Bluetile and BestPlay 
back to the founders, which in this case will now completely accrue to us. I think that is one 
advantage that we have. Lastly, in terms of how we intend to finance, I think, again, our 
investment committee has laid out a complete plan of action, which I will not be able to share 
right away. There's a thought-through plan on how to execute this transaction, as well as how to 

 
Nazara Technologies Limited                                    
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
align Raymond and his team on the overall success of Nazara versus just Bluetile or BestPlay 
on a standalone basis. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure. Sir, my second question is with respect to the tax notices that some of our real money 
gaming subsidiaries have received in the past. I think the Supreme Court has upheld that these 
are legitimate notices. I understand that we have fully written down our value of investments in 
PokerBaazi. Given the fact that we had some kind of ownership in these companies, will any 
kind of tax liability accrue to us is what I just wanted to know? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
No, I think our exposure is limited to the extent of our investments in these companies. From a 
conservative approach, we have written them off completely. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure. Sir, one last question from my side. The share of loss of associates in this quarter was at 
about INR 62 crores. If I look at the performance of NODWIN, it was relatively steady on year-
over-year basis, but I think the share of losses have magnified. Is there anything specific one-off 
in this quarter with respect to these losses? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
I think most of the impairment and share of losses you are seeing are write-offs on the remnant 
values related to the Moonshine transaction. So, it's not primarily related to NODWIN per se, 
but mainly related to Moonshine. Earlier we had written off about 90% of the risk, but there was 
some carrying value. After the recent judgments, we have written it off completely. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Got it. Understood. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rahul Jain with Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. First of all, how the day-to-day responsibility, Nitish, 
changes for you now with the CEO change that has happened? Where most of your energy will 
be devoted incrementally? I think we could start with that, then I have some more questions. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Sure. I think Rahul, we will go back to how we operated with another CEO for seven years from 
2015 to 2022. As the Joint MD, I was more involved in the strategy, vision, M&A, and long-
term relationships for the company and establishing the brand on a global stage. So, I think a lot 
of my energies will go into that, along with the lens on what's the latest on technologies, etc., 
which are very fast-moving now in our industry, to make sure that we are on top of it. The CEO, 
Raymond, will be completely responsible for the day-to-day operations of the entire group and 
will be fully empowered to execute appropriately. 
Rahul Jain: 
Right. Secondly, could there be more color in terms of how we are seeing potential for Fusebox 
business for this fiscal, and anything in terms of recovery that we are seeing on the Sportskeeda 
side, any inputs on that? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yes. On the Fusebox side, their existing core game, which drives most of the revenues, Love 
Island, continues to do well. They have in recent times worked a lot on the product side which I 
think will continue to deliver fairly good results for them. The big step change for Fusebox is 

 
Nazara Technologies Limited                                    
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
going to happen through two things. One is the scale-up of their Big Brother game, which is 
already live, but it takes a few quarters for it to assimilate enough content to be able to scale, 
and I believe we are reaching that threshold now. We should start seeing a significant scale-up 
on Big Brother. Also very exciting is The Traitors game, which they have global rights to and 
will be launched soon. 
Rahul Jain: 
Essentially, just to understand this aspect slightly better, is it safer to assume that Fusebox can 
continue a very high 20%+ type of growth with this event expected to play out anytime soon? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yes. I am quite optimistic about the prospects. Like I said, their base game – Love Island - 
continues to perform well. Most of the growth we are seeing is right now only from the base 
game, and they have two games launching which have the potential to become as big or bigger 
than the base game. So, I think if executed correctly, Fusebox should have a significant runway, 
not only for this year, but in the years to come as well. 
Rahul Jain: 
On Sportskeeda side? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yes. Sportskeeda has not seen that kind of recovery, but I think I would really feel that they have 
hit their bottom and we are starting to see margin and everything else improve. Is Mayank on 
the call from Sportskeeda? 
Mayank Kumar: 
Yes, Nitish I am here. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Mayank, why don't you give a little deeper view? 
Mayank Kumar: 
Yes. With Sportskeeda, there are three things that we are focusing on. First is on the revenue 
front. We understand that the challenges with Google remain. We are diversifying our traffic 
sources and the revenue sources by opening up new distribution channels. Already seen some 
results of it on Q1, and this will only go up in the subsequent quarters with the U.S. sports season 
kicking in. Secondly, we are also investing in building the tool side of the Pro Football Network 
business, which will also work more independently from the ups and downs that we see on 
Google. We are investing in that side of the business as well. That has already again shown some 
results with more to come. 
And lastly, obviously, is cost optimization, something that we had been working on in the last 
financial year as well. That exercise continues, and we are already working with a very lean 
setup, trying to maximize ROI for the business. 
Rahul Jain: 
Mayank, just to understand, now the revenue run-rate has come closer to our operating expenses, 
and these expenses have stayed stable for last two, three quarters. Do you see a further risk of 
revenue deceleration while cost stabilize around here, till the time you revive revenues? Is that 
a possibility, or do you think we are at kind of rock bottom and should see revenue momentum 
sequentially from this point? 
Mayank Kumar: 
The numbers that we have seen in Q1, that is in line with what we had set as internal 
expectations. The revenue will only go up in Q2 and more so in Q3 and Q4, which are the months 

 
Nazara Technologies Limited                                    
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
when U.S. sports season is most active with NFL, NBA, and all these sports kick in during that 
period. At that point of time, we will see Pro Football Network, Sportskeeda, and all our websites 
kicking in at their maximum potential. 
Rahul Jain: 
Got it. Lastly, from my side, on the AdTech side of the business, we have seen a pretty strong 
momentum from a revenue point of view, but from an EBITDA perspective, it is not done pretty 
well. Is it that the COE aspect or maybe the cross leverage of this business into different Nazara 
business units has been playing out, or is this mostly towards its own business and nothing to do 
with user acquisition for the other businesses within the company? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Rohit, why don't you take that? 
Rohit Sharma: 
Sure. I think if Senthil is there, he can also add. But I think there are mainly two or three things. 
Obviously, we are focusing more on our technology products like Vizibl, which are getting very 
good traction in the market. Right now, we are in that phase where we are investing in sales and 
the product. And we will see these margins getting better, as we go along. Also, on the Space & 
Time side, if you see, there is growth happening. Some of our one or two large margin clients 
have cut down their budget for the last couple of months, but they will be back soon. These two 
factors will change, and our margins will become better. Even Senthil, who has now moved to 
U.K., has hired and is still more salespeople. And we will see much better profit margins in our 
AdTech businesses, especially for, as I said, our tech-led product called Vizibl, which is a DSP 
for mid-size businesses and is getting very good traction in the Western market. Senthil, if you 
would like to add something here, please go ahead. 
Senthil Govindan: 
Yes. Thanks, Rohit. So, I agree with pretty much everything that Rohit said. Just to also give a 
view, the growth in revenue in the AdTech business is not always going to directly correspond 
to that much increase in the EBITDA, because there is some amount of pass-through revenue 
also that is on the books, which represents anywhere between 60% to closer to 80% of the 
revenue, that top line that is reported. Right? That is one thing to keep in mind. The second thing, 
as Rohit said, and I want to reiterate is that there is growth in the product-related business, which 
has more of a standard product profile, where we have fixed costs where we have invested 
upfront but the growth in revenue or the growth in at least the net revenue after the pass-through, 
is significantly detached from any growth in the fixed cost. Right? The variable cost that you 
have to take on is relatively limited. So, we are very excited about that and the growth that we 
are seeing in the markets after having hired for sales and continuing down that path. 
Rahul Jain: 
Got it. Thank you, Senthil and Rohit. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Bhavik Shah with Invexa Capital LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Hello, sir. My first question is regarding Bluetile. What are the sustainable EBITDA margins 
there? How have we done in Q4 FY26 in terms of the revenue, EBITDA, and margin profile? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Maxime, can you take that, please? 

 
Nazara Technologies Limited                                    
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Maxime Loppin: 
Yes. The reason for the increase in revenues and the flat EBITDA is that we see some great 
performance on some new games, new features for the games and for BestPlay. So, we decided 
to increase the spends to capitalize on the great performance in order to increase the revenue 
baseline and the user base, and while keeping the EBITDA flat. So that in the future we have 
true flexibility to adjust the EBITDA in case we want to, thanks to a bigger user base and a 
higher revenue baseline. 
Bhavik Shah: 
But what are the sustainable margins and what were the margins and EBITDA number last 
quarter? 
Maxime Loppin: 
So, the EBITDA margins in Q1 last year was 17.6%, now it is around 11%. 
Bhavik Shah: 
For the year, how do we look at Bluetile in terms of margin profile? 
Maxime Loppin: 
The year is looking good so far. It will depend a lot on the opportunities that we see on the new 
games, on the features that we launch for the games and for BestPlay. The good thing is that now 
that we have a really high revenue baseline, we have full flexibility to adjust the EBITDA 
accordingly. We are not sure yet, it's still the beginning of the year, how we are going to change 
this, but yes, we have full flexibility and the goal is definitely increasing the revenue at the 
moment but in the future, if we want to, we can increase the EBITDA margins whenever we 
think it's the right moment. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Okay. If you are spending on the user acquisition, what kind of growth are we looking in terms 
of revenue for the full year? 
Maxime Loppin: 
Yes. Again, we are not exactly sure. We have several games in the pipeline. It will depend a lot 
on the performance of these games, on the improvements that we bring to the games and to 
BestPlay. We can't confirm that it's going to be the same for each quarter. It will depend a lot on 
the performance of the games, on the seasonality. Yes, we are looking for higher revenues, but 
we can definitely play with the EBITDA in the future to increase the margins. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Okay. At Nazara level, do we want to give any guidance in terms of revenue, EBITDA, or 
margin? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Not at this point of time. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Sure. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Manan Poladia with MKP Securities. Please go ahead. 
Manan Poladia: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. My question is in relation to Curve Games and the launches of 
Badlands Crew and Dragon Shelter. I believe you have had a demo launch for Dragon Shelter 
and a full-scale launch for Badlands Crew. I was just wondering, based on the Steam reviews, it 
looks like it's doing well. If you could comment on either the economics or what kind of copies, 
we have sold so far. 

 
Nazara Technologies Limited                                    
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yes. Susan, can you take that? 
Susan Planck: 
Hi, sure. Badlands Crew released in Q1 FY26. It was well-received review-wise. A major third-
party launch for us, we have currently sold around 50,000-60,000 copies, in line with our 
expectations. For Dragon Shelter, that's actually being released in September. We have had the 
demo go live. We have had good response to that and actually are in Wishlists for the title, which 
is one of the main metrics that we look at from a Steam perspective, it has exceeded our 
expectations, and currently sits at around 130,000 Wishlists, which should mean that we are on 
track to deliver expected revenues for the year. 
Rohit Sharma: 
Susan, hi. Rohit here. Maybe you should also talk about the response that you are getting for 
Sovereign Tower. 
Susan Planck: 
Yes, absolutely. Sovereign Tower was announced earlier in the year. Again, Wishlists as well as 
Followers are currently exceeding expectations. We are also getting good traction across the 
other social media platforms. At the moment, we are in line to exceed the expected revenue for 
August based on the metrics we have seen so far. 
Manan Poladia: 
Right, Susan. Thank you. That's helpful. Just a quick follow-up over there. When you talk about 
these new games, could you possibly quantify if you are looking at in-game transactions going 
forward like you have had for HFF? If you could put these games in perspective of HFF so we 
could understand the size of these games, I think that'd be really helpful. 
Susan Planck: 
Yes. In terms of the comparison to Human Fall Flat, obviously, we have got 60 million units 
shifted on Human Fall Flat. While we are excited about the upcoming releases, we wouldn't be 
forecasting results to be anywhere in line with the breakout success we have seen with Human: 
Fall Flat. Generally, in terms of the two releases we have got coming up, at the moment, we don't 
have any in-app purchases forecast or planned. The revenues will come from the unit sales of 
that product at this point in time. 
Manan Poladia: 
Great. Thanks, Susan. That's very helpful. 
Susan Planck: 
No problem. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Can we go to the next question? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Actually, there are no further questions from the participants. I will now hand the 
conference over to Management for closing comments. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
All right. Sure. Thank you everyone for joining us. We hope you have a good day ahead of you. 
Thank you. Bye. 
Anupriya Sinha Das: 
Thank you. Bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
