 
 
 
August 08, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Tower, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544645 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited        
Exchange Plaza,   
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
SYMBOL: PARKHOSPS 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”)- 
Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of Listing Regulations, please find enclosed transcript of 
the Earnings Conference Call held on August 04, 2026 for Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated 
Financial Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
The transcript is also being disseminated on the Company's website at https://www.parkhospital.in/ 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For and on behalf of Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
 
 
Name: Abhishek Kapoor  
Designation: Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
ABHISHEK 
KAPOOR
Digitally signed by ABHISHEK KAPOOR 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=122011, st=HARYANA, street=F-293, 
SECOND FLOOR ,SUSHANT LOK 2 ,GURGAON,SECTOR 
57 ,122011, l=GURGAON, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=d58bb5c69fdf9be9f9d9b2adb1d85a4f22517
4ee55afa0e001d6b452608242c6, 
pseudonym=bfc7e44d218f41f7932bb5462c2444e9, 
2.5.4.20=2f5427606a4b2405fc44bcc82a48993afbba0f9e54c
e2d69e89340fa4e0f9946, 
email=ABHISHEKKAPOOR87@GMAIL.COM, cn=ABHISHEK 
KAPOOR 
Date: 2026.08.08 15:38:25 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Park Medi World Limited Q1 FY’27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SPEAKERS: 
DR. ANKIT GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR, PARK MEDI 
WORLD LIMITED 
DR. SANJAY SHARMA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, PARK MEDI WORLD LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH SHARMA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, PARK MEDI WORLD LIMITED 
MR. SUDESH SHARMA – CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER & 
OSD (FINANCE), PARK MEDI WORLD LIMITED 
MS. SALONI NAGVEKAR – ADFACTORS PR – INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 
 
 
 
This transcript has been edited for factual errors 
 
 
 

 
Park Medi World Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the Park Medi World Limited Earnings 
Conference Call for Q1 FY’27. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Saloni Nagvekar from Adfactors PR. Thank you and over to 
you, ma'am. 
Saloni Nagvekar: 
Good Morning, Everyone and a Warm Welcome to Park Medi World Limited Earnings Conference 
Call for Q1 FY’27. 
From the Management Team, we have with us Dr. Ankit Gupta – Managing Director, Dr. Sanjay 
Sharma – Whole-Time Director and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Rajesh Sharma – Group Chief 
Financial Officer and Mr. Sudesh Sharma – Chief Strategy Officer and OSD (Finance). 
We will begin with “Opening Remarks from the Management,” following which we will open the 
floor for “Q&A Session”. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements made on today's call may be 
forward-looking in nature and detailed disclaimer to that effect has been included in the earnings 
presentation shared with you earlier, which is now available on our website and on stock exchanges. 
I would now like to invite “Dr. Ankit Gupta – Managing Director, Park Medi World to begin with 
his Opening Remarks.” Over to you, sir. 
Dr. Ankit Gupta: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us for Park Medi World Q1 FY’27 
Earnings Call. On behalf of the Board and Management Team, I would thank you for your continued 
interest and support as we further build on what was in the form of Financial Year‘26, the strongest 
year in our company's history. 
Q1 FY27 has been a quarter of consolidation, growth and continuous execution. Our focus this 
quarter has been on ramping up our newer assets, Agra and Panchkula, while advancing the next leg 
of our growth pipeline across Uttarakhand, NCR and Punjab. 
On 25th May, we announced a definitive agreement to acquire 100% shareholding in The Medicity 
Hospital, Rudrapur, Uttarakhand in an all-cash transaction valued at approximately Rs.177 crores, 
marking our entry into the sixth state. The Medicity is a 330-bed NABH-accredited Multi-Super 

 
Park Medi World Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
Speciality Hospital in the Kumaon region. I am pleased to report that the facility was commissioned 
this past Sunday on 2nd August, 2026. 
On 30th June, we announced a 100-bed extension at our Palam Vihar facility in Gurgaon under the 
name ’Park Platinum’, which will take our consolidated Gurgaon capacity to 750-beds. 
Our 200-bed hospital in Narela, acquired through an insolvency process, is also on track for 
commissioning. 
And yesterday on 3rd August 2026, we announced a definitive agreement to acquire Mehar Hospital, 
a 150-bedded Multi-Super Speciality Hospital in Zirakpur, serving the wider Tricity catchment, at a 
valuation of approximately Rs.107 crores. 
All three of these additions, 450-beds in total, are scheduled to commission in November and 
December 2026. Our total bed capacity stood at 3,960-beds as of 30th June, up 32% year-on-year. 
Taken together, our capacity addition during calendar year 2026 will be total 1,490 beds, an increase 
of 46% over our calendar year 2025, capacity of 3,250 beds. We expect to end financial year 2027 
with 4,740 beds, with another 1,000 beds to be added in FY’28. We will be at 5,740 beds capacity 
by FY’28, funded largely through internal accruals and IPO proceeds, without recourse to any fresh 
debts. 
Our board approved the result for the quarter-ended 30th June at its meeting yesterday. We reported 
revenue from operations of Rs.476 crores, year-on-year growth of 19%. EBITDA, excluding other 
income, stood at Rs.126 crores, year-on-year growth of 20%, with a margin of 26.5%. PAT came in 
at Rs.89 crores, year-on-year growth of 35%, with a margin of 18.6%. All our operational metrics, 
including ARPOB, ALOS, ARPP and total patient volume, have also shown impressive 
performances. 
Now with that, I would like to hand over to Dr. Sanjay Sharma to take you through our operational 
performance in detail. Thank you. 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
Thank you, Dr. Ankit and good morning, everyone. 
Let me walk you through our “Operating Metrices for Q1 FY’27.” IPD volumes for quarter stood at 
26,304 patients, a growth of 16% year-on-year, while OPD volume came in at 2,23,446 patients, up 
by 17% year-on-year. 
ARPOB for the quarter was Rs.30,444 compared to Rs.27,221 in Q1 FY’26, an increase of 12% year-
on-year, while ALOS improved 8% to 5.9 days from 6.4 days a year ago. 

 
Park Medi World Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
On a case mix, our shift towards high-end tertiary and quaternary care continued. With high-end 
specialties contributing approximately 62% of the revenue, which is an increase of 440 basis points 
year-on-year. 
Our transplant, interventional cardiology, and robot-assisted joint replacement programs all 
continued to scale during the quarter, reflecting the increasing clinical depth of our network. 
Network occupancy for the quarter stood at 56% compared to 68% in Q1 FY’26. This reflects the 
step-up in capacity over the past 12-months. We have added 960-beds across Bhatinda 250, Agra 
360, and Panchkula 350, which entered the denominator immediately while ramping up over several 
quarters. 
We expect full-year FY’27 occupancy to moderate from the FY’26 figures of 64%, largely on account 
of the addition of significant new capacity of 1,490-beds in calendar year 2026. 
Our Agra facility, commissioned in February 2026, and our Panchkula facility, commissioned in 
April 2026, are both ramping up in line with expectations. 
On the CGHS rate revision, while we had guided conservatively to a 7% to 7.5% benefit flowing into 
FY’27, we continue to expect the fuller impact to be visible from Q2 of the financial year as the 
revised rates percolate through allied central government agencies. 
On quality, all our operational hospitals continue to be NABH-accredited, and our recently 
commissioned Panchkula facility is progressing through its NABH accreditation process. Currently, 
we have now nine hospitals with NABL-accredited labs, up from eight hospitals earlier. We are 
planning to have four additional hospitals obtain NABL accreditation in the current financial year. 
With that, I will now hand over to Mr. Rajesh Sharma, our Group CFO to take you through the 
Financials. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Thank you, Dr. Sanjay. Good morning, everyone. 
Q1 FY’27 revenue from operations stood at Rs.476 crores, up 19% year-on-year, driven by steady 
patient volume and continued ramp-up at our newer and recently acquired hospitals. 
Operating EBITDA, excluding other income, stood at Rs.126 crores, with a margin of 26.5%, an 
improvement against 26.3% in Q1 FY26. 
PAT for the quarter was Rs.89 crores, with a PAT margin of 18.6%, an expansion of 220 basis points 
year-on-year. PAT margin expansion was largely on account of reduction in interest outgo following 
the substantial repayment of term debt over the past year. On the balance sheet, our term debt 

 
Park Medi World Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
excluding lease liability stood at Rs.25.6 crores as of 30th June 2026, as against Rs.28.2 crores as of 
31, March 2026. 
Our fixed deposit stood at INR300 crores and the net worth at Rs.2,100 crores. 
On receivables, we continue to expect debtor days to trend towards our medium-term target of 125-
days to 130-days as government claim processing efficiency improves. Our payer mix for the quarter 
stood at approximately 77% from government insurance scheme and 23% from self-pay, private 
insurance and TPA. Continuing the gradual shift, we have guided towards 70:30 split over the next 
12-18 months. 
CAPEX and acquisition spend through the quarter was directed largely towards the Rudrapur 
acquisition, ongoing Narela commissioning costs and equipment upgrade across the network. The 
CAPEX per bed remains at Rs.37 lakhs per bed, which continues to be the lowest in the listed 
healthcare peers. 
We remain fully funded for our stated growth plan to reach 5,740-beds by March 2028 through 
internal accruals and IPO proceeds, with recourse to any material fresh debt. 
With that, we conclude our opening remarks. Thank you for your time and continued confidence in 
Park Medi World. We would now be happy to take any questions. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from the line of 
Anshul Agrawal with Emkay Global Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a strong set of numbers. First question I had 
was on our revenue growth outlook for the current year. I understand we had added lot many beds in 
the last year. So, would you be able to guide us in terms of what would be the revenue growth 
projections for the current year on the back of this ARPOB improvement as well as improving 
occupancies? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes, this is Rajesh Sharma. As far as the expected numbers for FY’27 in terms of the revenue, we 
are expecting a top line of Rs.2,080 crores and with EBITDA of Rs.530 crores and a PAT of Rs.360 
crores. So, what we are expecting a growth in compared to last year, revenue growth is 24% and 
EBITDA growth will be 25% and the PAT growth staggering at 32%. 
Anshul Agrawal:: 
Got it. If EBITDA growth would surpass our revenue growth, I would presume there would be certain 
EBITDA losses at least for the units that we commission like Panchkula, the Greenfield 
commissioning that we do. Could you help us understand the trajectory of EBITDA losses at these 
Greenfield units? 

 
Park Medi World Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Rajesh Sharma: 
No, here what you have to understand is as far as our revenue growth and EBITDA growth is more 
or less similar and yes, you rightly said we started Panchkula, we started Agra this year and we are 
not expecting any loss in these units because ultimately this will give us a revenue of 7, 8 months or 
9-months and it will be at least EBITDA-positive in the current year like our Mohali is doing 
extremely well. When we started way back in May 2023, in April when we acquired the revenue was 
only Rs.52 lakhs. Now, we are doing Rs.23 crores. Initial first year we had EBITDA of 12-13% that 
grown to 18-19%, this year we are all set to touch 26%. As I said because there will be no EBITDA 
loss but we are not expecting in the year one 20-25% sort of EBITDA. We will start with 10-12% 
but that will get through Mohali and other unit which is doing extremely well. So, we will remain 
steady on the EBITDA margin of 26%-27% in the current year also. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Got it, sir. Sorry to harp on this but the 24% growth guidance on the top line, would it be possible 
for you to split this in terms of ARPOB and occupancies? I understand that our occupancies would 
lag because of higher bed addition. But some sense on the volume growth that we could sort of deliver 
in mature hospitals or the newer hospitals would be really useful? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
As far as mature hospitals are concerned, there also we are growing with a steady pace of 18-20%. 
Let us say if we talk about our Gurgaon, if we talk about our Mohali is already three years now but 
we are doing with a decent pace and Ambala also doing a good contribution. So, we cannot see any 
challenge in terms of achieving the numbers. So, rather we are expecting that we will overachieve 
these numbers but just for a guidance purpose, we want to remain on these numbers. 
Sudesh Sharma: 
Anshul, broadly speaking, our guidance for ARPOB growth is in a 10-12% band. In the current set 
of numbers also, you will have noticed the growth is almost 12%. Going forward, this trending in 
ARPOB will continue through FY’27, broadly splitting the hospitals in terms of occupancy into two 
brackets; sub 60% and over 60%. We expect hospitals on a blended basis above 60% occupancy will 
be at 30%-31% EBITDA and sub 60% will be at 15-20% in that band. So, blended we are expecting 
the EBITDA of 26.7%-27% will hold for complete financial year FY’27. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Great. Secondly, if you could just provide up on our strategy in ramping up these newer facilities that 
we sort of acquired, Rudrapur and Zirakpur. I understand Zirakpur is part of our Punjab Tricity 
Cluster, but how do we ramp up Rudrapur considering the fact that it is in a new state and any colour 
on that asset would be very useful? 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
Yes, Rudrapur currently also when we took it over it was actually generating a revenue of about 
Rs.55-56 crores annually and it was operating 200 beds. We have made all 330-beds functional and 
in the first year we feel that we will be able to generate Rs.100 crores of revenue. We have added all 
super specialties and high-end tertiary and quaternary care so that will make us achieve Rs.100 crores 
target very easily with an EBITDA of about Rs.20-22 crores and a PAT of about Rs.12-13 crores. 
Next year we feel that we will ramp it up to about Rs.140 crores and the EBITDA will be around 
Rs.35-36 crores and PAT should be around Rs.21-22 crores. Rudrapur has been requiring a facility 

 
Park Medi World Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
which should have all the high-end tertiary and quaternary care which we have provided. So, all the 
top-end treatments are taking place there. With regard to Zirakpur, we already feel that the Tricity 
that is Chandigarh, Mohali and Panchkula are the conduit for patients from North India largely, J&K, 
Himachal Pradesh, Upper Uttar Pradesh and hilly areas coming to Delhi via Chandigarh Tricity area. 
So, there we are already ramping up our bed capacity. We will be the largest healthcare provider with 
350-beds in Panchkula and 150-beds being added in Mohali to 350-beds, we will be 850-beds there, 
and Zirakpur is just adjacent on the periphery of the Tricity so 150-beds will take it to 1000-beds and 
that will drain a lot of the area in the surrounding of the Tricity and there we feel that in the first year 
of operations we intend commencing it by November 2026 and first year of operations we feel that 
we should be able to generate a revenue of about roughly FY28, Rs.70-75 crores with an EBITDA 
of about 25-26%. So, that should be the criteria. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Both these facilities will be in line with our strategy of affordable healthcare and would service say 
70:30 cash TPA split? 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
Yes, definitely. In the past 21 years we have been continuing with our vision of providing high quality 
multi-super speciality at relatively affordable rates to masses and that vision will continue throughout 
in our progress and in our expansion also. There will be no change in it. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Great, sir. All the very best. If I have more questions I will fall back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Akshay Thakur with Helios Capital. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Thakur: 
Hi, sir. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. So, in the oncology, what would be the 
breakup between the surgical oncology and the other one, can you please highlight that if possible? 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
See, generally we do not go by breaking up the various departments into the surgical and medical 
field. But if I broadly say specialty-wise, what I am looking at is that oncology will be contributing 
about 9% to 10% in the total revenue. 
Akshay Thakur: 
Okay. And just a follow up on the previous question by the other participant, so in terms of 
incremental investments post-acquisition for Agra and Rudrapur to convert those into quaternary 
care, what incremental investments were done and can you quantify in terms of as compared to the 
other previous acquisitions done? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Actually, as far as this Agra is concerned, they were already running a Multi-Super Speciality 
Hospital. So, there is not much investment we have done. So, the total CAPEX we have done is 
Rs.245 crores. That was the acquisition cost and also we invested about only Rs.7.5 crores on the 
equipment and some upgradation. So, there is no material CAPEX we have done on Agra, and the 
same thing that we are expecting in Rudrapur, because we already started from 2nd of August and we 
are expecting CAPEX close to Rs.12 crores on Rudrapur, because we already have all the equipment 

 
Park Medi World Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
in place, the hospital is not quite old, so they have more or less new equipment so that we do not 
need to make more investment on the equipment, they have decent equipment. Yes, some equipment 
has to be replaced or some additional equipment have to be added, but we are expecting not more 
than Rs.10 crores to Rs.12 crores the additional CAPEX on Rudrapur. 
Akshay Thakur: 
Okay. Thank you. That will be all from my side. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kashish Thakur with Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kashish Thakur: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, just one question. Does the impact of the CGHS rate hike, 
it has been flowing down in our numbers? If yes, then since when it has started to flow, from when 
we can expect the same? 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
Thank you, Kashish. Yes, the CGHS rate provision has started flowing partially in the Q1 results. 
And going forward in Q2, Q3 and Q4, we will have the full impact coming up. So, there are some 
allied government agencies where the entire impact is yet to percolate, but by Q2, Q3, we should 
have the entire impact coming in. 
Kashish Thakur: 
Understood, sir. So, one of our peers has been facing an impact in the onco segment because of this 
revision. So, are we also facing the same heat from the same? 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
No, in fact, we have not been facing any heat in this area. In fact, we have been approached by a lot 
of panel partners that this has to be provided for. And we have a large vendor supply chain where we 
have an excellent relation. And we have been able to negotiate good rates. And that is why the onco 
is contributing about 9% to 10% in our total revenue. So, there should be no impact on that. 
Kashish Thakur: 
Understood, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sagar Tanna with Alchemie Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Sagar Tanna: 
Hi, sir. Morning. Can you also quantify how much will flow through in the EBITDA terms with 
respect to the CGHS rate hikes from Q2 onwards? 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
See, the CGHS rate hike was very handsome, about 12% to 15%, which was done in October 2025. 
But we feel that since 70% of our patients are by CGHS, so the impact should be somewhere around 
7% to 7.5%. But it will not directly translate into EBITDA because of this opportunity of rate revision 
we will also be utilising in upgrading our equipment and CAPEX spending with regard to the 
maintenance and better facilities in the hospitals. So, yes, definitely it will have an impact on the 
ARPOB per se, but not directly major impact on the PAT or EBITDA. 
Sagar Tanna: 
Would it be possible for us to quantify on a quarterly basis? 

 
Park Medi World Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
Yes, as I mentioned to you, the full impact will be 7% to 7.5% in total. But that additional benefit 
which we will be getting, we will be utilising it for high-end equipment and ramping up our facilities 
with regard to repair and maintenance. Basically, largely it will be utilised in CAPEX spending. 
Sagar Tanna: 
Got it. So, largely, not a significant chunk will flow through to the EBITDA with respect due to the 
ongoing CAPEX program or upgradation program, is my understanding correct? 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
Yes. But besides that, what I would like to say, we will still be able to maintain the EBITDA between 
the range of 26% to 27% and PAT between 17% to 18%. 
Sagar Tanna: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Nirali Shah with Ashika Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Nirali Shah: 
I just have a couple of directional questions. So, first one is that the network has generated attractive 
returns on the invested capital, right? And as the base expands very rapidly, should we expect that 
the incremental economics of each new bed will remain similar, or does the law of diminishing 
returns begin to set in beyond a certain scale? 
Sudesh Sharma: 
Nirali, your question is not very clear. Also, I think we had some noise in the background. It was not 
entirely audible. If you can just restate it? 
Nirali Shah: 
Yes, I am saying that we have had very good returns on the invested capital. But now, since the base 
is expanding, do we expect that the incremental economics will change, so, diminishing returns will 
come in books of the scale? 
Sudesh Sharma: 
No, Nirali. I think first of all, other than the strong set of numbers we have presented, you will have 
noticed that we have expanded significantly. Our expansion has been very methodical. Either we 
have tried to position ourselves in a new location where we have a sizable asset in a high-potential 
market like Rudrapur, or we have expanded our cluster formation expansion by resorting to a higher 
level of densification. We believe that densification gives a very, very durable competitive advantage 
in this business. So, this expansion plan, we believe, will ensure the numbers will generate from the 
new acquired assets after the transition period. When we deploy new capital, there is a transition 
period before it generates a return. We believe that we will have our return on capital on a very 
attractive side. Right now also, we are at around 18%, which is, I believe, one of the best in the listed 
space hospital sector that we have. We believe that there might be an increase of 150-200 basis points 
in the next 12-18 months' time. 
Nirali Shah: 
Okay, that is great. And second one, since we are expanding into Rudrapur, even Zirakpur, integration 
of Agra and Bhatinda, I just wanted to understand at what point do you feel that management 

 
Park Medi World Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
bandwidth could become a bottleneck? So, basically, internally, how many acquisitions can the 
organization integrate without feeling heavy on the execution? 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
Fantastic, Nirali. This is an excellent question. This gives us an opportunity to explain our high-end 
operational efficiency, because what we have been doing is this. Since we are in a constant mode of 
expansion, the second line of top line management is already being trained continuously in the 
existing hospitals to understand our protocols, our regulations, our SOPs, our high operational 
efficiency. So, they are already in line, and they are aware that as and when a new facility comes up, 
the transition will be very smooth, and it will be exact replication of our vision, our thought process, 
and that will be replicated in the new ventures also. Same has been happening with regard to the 
Rudrapur, Agra, Panchkula. All the top management has already been trained for about six, eight 
months in our current existing running institutes, and they have just trans-positioned the entire format 
in the new setup. And this process is a continuous process, which will keep on happening for any 
new acquisitions or any Greenfield projects in the future also. 
Nirali Shah: 
Okay, that is helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Shubham Padhiar with Chhattisgarh Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Shubham Padhiar: 
Yes, hi. Good morning. So, firstly, on our guidance on bed additions, I think last quarter we were 
hoping that we would add our total bed capacity by the end of FY’27 would be around 5,040. But in 
the recent press release, we have said that it will be around 4,740. So, the difference of 300 beds, I 
think, is coming from Kanpur acquisition. So, is there any update on that, like, is that plan being 
cancelled or -? 
Sudesh Sharma: 
No, our communication on expansion plan, which was conservative, has been also consistent in the 
past. The little difference that you have cited is on account of some new additions in our expansion 
plans that we have made recently. In Q1 FY’27, on account of Panchkula 350-bed capacity addition, 
our operating bed capacity was at 3,960. In Q2 of FY’27 end of H1, on account of Rudrapur facility, 
which got commissioned this Sunday on the 2nd of August, we will be at 4,290. And in the Q3 FY’27, 
October to December period, we will commission 450 additional beds, out of which 250 beds is 
actually new, which was not a part of our earlier communication, this includes 100 beds that we have 
added to our Palam Vihar infrastructure and 150-beds in Zirakpur. So, adding 450-beds to Q2 bed 
capacity of 4,290, we will be at 4,740 at the end of FY’27. And our 1,000-beds addition in FY’28, 
that remains intact. So, 1,000 added to FY’27 operating bed capacity of 4,740, we should therefore 
be at 5,740 by end of FY’28. These are identified asset. It is likely, of course, as we go along in this 
very exciting phase of industrial dynamics, more opportunities for expansion might conjure up. This 
is what we have laid out, identified, visible, clear-cut, unequivocally communicated. So, this is what 
we have right now with us. 

 
Park Medi World Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Shubham Padhiar: 
Okay. Got it. And also, on our acquisition strategy, I think the Uttarakhand acquisition was around 
Rs.55 or 54-lakhs per bed CAPEX and our recent acquisition is around, I think, Rs.70-lakhs per bed 
CAPEX and considering going forward, majority of our CAPEX is going to go towards acquisitions, 
do we expect any increase in payback periods from these acquisitions because historically, our 
CAPEX per bed is around Rs.34 lakhs. So, there is a significant increase in our CAPEX per bed. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
No. What we see, we see on a blended basis. You rightly said, because Rudrapur, the total acquisition 
cost is 177 crs for 330-beds. That is on the higher side. But in the meantime, let us say if we talk 
about Palam Vihar, the total CAPEX, the extension that we are doing in Palam Vihar, the total 
CAPEX will be Rs.25 crores for 100-beds where the CAPEX per bed will be Rs.25 lakhs. And I will 
give you the numbers that we projected for next two years. The CAPEX we plan to do, the ongoing 
hospitals that we have in hand, that is Rs.767 crores, that will give us 2,130-beds in two years, let us 
say I am talking about FY’27 whole and FY’28, that CAPEX will remain at Rs.36 lakhs per bed. We 
have to see in blended; the blended CAPEX per bed will remain at Rs.36 lakhs. 
Shubham Padhiar: 
How much CAPEX did you say? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
The total CAPEX, I am including FY’27, including Rudrapur we have done, Panchkula we have 
done, FY’27, FY’28, the total CAPEX we plan is Rs.767 crores and that will give us 2,130-beds. So, 
that means the CAPEX per bed will remain at Rs.36 lakhs for new facility that we are already added 
or about to add by March '28. 
Shubham Padhiar: 
Okay, got it. And this includes CAPEX via acquisitions as well, right? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Absolutely, yes. 
Shubham Padhiar: 
Okay, got it. One last thing on our promoter equity, I think we are mandated to bring it down to 75% 
as per listing mandate. So, any timeline you can share and how are you planning to bring it down as 
well? 
Sudesh Sharma: 
Too early to comment on that. You are right, we have a three-year regulatory timeline which lapses 
in December 2028. So, we have time on hand. We have barely completed 10 months, nine months 
since we got listed on the 17th of December. So, we have that leeway. Very interesting that combined 
with our leveraging ability reserves, we have a strong cash flow that we are generating and this 
minimum approximately 8% equity that we have to divest by December 2028, that is a significant 
access to capital that we enjoy. So, we are evaluating a lot of opportunities as a part of our growth 
agenda. So, if we should acquire, we should come close to acquiring an interesting asset and we will 
have a clarity on the deployment of funds. That would be the right thing for us to think on the lines 
of raising this equity capital. So, I cannot specify exact timeline right now, but we will continue 
sharing our thoughts on this as we go along. 

 
Park Medi World Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Shubham Padhiar: 
Understood. That is it. Thank you and good luck for future numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sumit Gupta with Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Hey, hi, good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I have three questions. First is on the case 
mix. So, your overall case mix has improved. So, if I can see your CONGO mix has improved by 
around 440 bps to around 62%. I just want to ask what is the plan, like do we plan to increase CONGO 
mix over the next, what is the target for improving CONGO mix over the next two to three years? 
And within that, what would be the share of Onco and Cardio? 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
Thank you for the question, Sumit. See, what I would like to say is this is an organic growth which 
is happening as the product mix shift is taking towards the high-end super speciality, tertiary and 
quaternary care, especially in our mature hospitals. And last year on Q1 basis, the high-end super 
speciality was about 57%, which has grown now to about 62%. And if you would like to see the 
share, the percentage distribution, as I mentioned before, oncology was about 9%-10% and 
cardiology is about 12%, joint replacement plays about 9.5% in this, neurology has about 14.5%, 
urology has about 11%, gastroenterology has about 7%. So, these are the various percentage sharing 
within the revenue. But, as we go forward, more minimal invasive robotics, lasers, and other high-
end products and transplant programs and we enter into all units with the major high-end these 
product mix, definitely the product mix shift will be towards higher super speciality and tertiary care. 
Sumit Gupta: 
So, like over the next five years or six years down the line, what are you targeting in terms of CONGO 
mix? 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
Sumit, it will be very difficult to actually project or predict any percentage mix in this manner. It is 
an organic growth. As and when the requirement comes in, see, like places where we feel a certain 
vertical requires a stronger support, that vertical we, in fact, add up with high-end tertiary care. So, 
like in Ambala, we are adding 200-beds, largely for onco-dedicated facilities with the best of world-
class radiation, surgical and onco facility. We already have onco facilities, but it is a support system. 
Robotics, we added in Gurgaon and in Mohali where the requirement is. Joint replacement, we have 
been doing all across units. Robot-assisted transplant program, we have been doing in our five units, 
which will be increasing too. And we are adding certain radiation like LINAC and all that in Bhatinda 
and other places also, we are looking at Rudrapur also. So, as and when the requirement comes in, 
the top-up of the tertiary and quaternary care will be done. We have all super specialties, but 
additional topping up is required as and when the requirement comes in. So, to predict what 
percentage we will arrive at a target kind of a thing, it is very difficult to say, but we have been 
growing steadily. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Understood, sir. So, with respect to the recently acquired facilities, let us say in Rudrapur or Zirakpur, 
so what is the approximate case mix or payer mix in these facilities? And so I just want to ask your 

 
Park Medi World Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
strategic point of view, whenever you acquire a facility, what do you look for in terms of case mix 
or payer mix when you acquire a facility also? 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
See, firstly, when we acquire a facility, it should align with our vision. Vision is largely this, that we 
would like to provide high-quality multi-super speciality at a relatively affordable cost. The 
organization which we acquire should also be in sync with our vision one. And the requirement and 
the expandability in that domain should be such that we can cater to. With regard to the payer mix 
on the recent acquisitions which you are talking about, Rudrapur and Zirakpur, there we feel that the 
case mix would be roughly in the same manner as what we have profiled, say 75%-80% coming from 
the government insurance and 20-25% coming from the cash and TPA segment. So, gradually also 
here the organic shift is happening towards more cash and TPA because a lot of cash and TPA patients 
are finding our excellent results in multi-super speciality at an affordable cost quite compelling to 
shift from premium segment to us. So, that will happen. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Understood. And sir, second is, like, many beds are coming in your basically belt of Mohali, 
Chandigarh, Zirakpur. Can you highlight the specifics of that particular market in terms of patient 
volume or basically in the supply-demand dynamics? 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
See, why we have increased our number and consolidated and soon enough by November 2026 we 
will be looking at about nearly 850-bed capacity out there is because we feel that the upper North 
India, especially J&K, Himachal Pradesh, these hilly areas do not have much healthcare facilities and 
a lot of problems, ailments come down towards Delhi, and they come down via Tricity. So, our 
consolidation, why we are becoming the largest healthcare provider is this, that this will be one-stop 
area where they can get all their treatments under one roof at an affordable cost also. Delhi is a much 
costlier city, travelling and other issues coming from so far off, also becomes a major problem for 
people who have been suffering with ailments, say like cardiac, like cancer or neurological problems 
or requiring major surgeries for them and their family to stay in the capital of the country like Delhi 
becomes very difficult. So, this will be one-stop area where the entire treatment can be provided 
under one roof. In fact, in Mohali, we are adding 150-beds for this purpose only that all the high-end 
tertiary and quaternary care which can be provided for anywhere within India or outside can be 
provided at that place, so especially these beds are being added. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Understood. And sir, lastly on what is the retention strategy for doctors and what has been the attrition 
rate at the HoD level over the last two to three years? Thank you. 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
See, in fact, if we go by the census, our attrition rate at consultant level has been the lowest in the 
industry and it is largely because we have been one of the best paymasters to the doctors, one. The 
second thing is this, that the doctors are taken as not employees but partners with Park Medi World. 
In fact, they are accountable not for revenue or volume, they are accountable only on two things -- 
one is patient and attendant satisfaction and other is high-end clinical outcomes. And based on that, 
each unit provides us a graded percentile system and any clinician who scores more than 75% in the 

 
Park Medi World Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
previous month, on the next month, by default, every month, they are personally recognized and 
rewarded a huge performance bonus by the promoters. So, that is another part which keeps them 
working strongly in the field of their clinical excellence. And thirdly, we have a very robust ESOP 
system, which has been kept for all the clinicians and the HoDs. And that will be based on the 
performance. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Understood. So, you are saying there is negligible attrition ratio at the HoD level? 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
See, little attrition will happen anywhere in this industry because of not reasons, because of 
professional dissatisfaction, sometimes personal reasons, sometimes extended studies abroad or some 
fellowship and other reasons. 
Sumit Gupta: 
That is fine. So, I just want to get what has been the ratio and why would a doctor choose Park over 
let us say in your core market, if there is a good competition as another big player is there, so what 
will Park provide? 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
Any academician or any scholar or any doctor, they do not like to be pressurized with regard to the 
targets or volumes or revenue. One good part about Park is this, that Park by itself has its own patient 
volume coming to Park brand. Last financial year, we had nearly 9 lakh footfall, and in this quarter 
also, we had about 2.5 lakh footfall. So, doctors do not have to worry about the patients, the patient 
volume is there. They are accountable only for good clinical outcomes and patient satisfaction. So, 
this gives them a lot of comfort and solace because their academics are being required to be called 
for, not their you could say commercial skills that they do not have to exert, one. The second part is 
this, since we have our own patient base, we do not require a high-end celebrity doctors, we require 
efficient, clinically sound with the latest medical headwinds into latest technology, seven to eight 
years' experience from good government medical colleges, doctors who have worked in the past with 
nearly 95%-99% success rate. Those doctors who do not get recognition come to Park and they get 
immediate recognition because they have that freedom to work with no pressures and no umbrella 
cover of any celebrity doctor. So, they become star doctors out there. And besides that, the 
performance bonus, the ESOP and other things are also you could say foundations which are keeping 
them grounded with Park. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Understood, sir. Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ronak Agarwal with ithought PMS. Please go ahead. 
Ronak Agarwal: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Pardon me if this question is repeated, I was a bit late in the 
call. I wanted to know about the current payer mix between scheme, cash and insurance patient. And 
down to three years, what kind of payer mix are you looking at from the current levels? 

 
Park Medi World Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes, hi. If I say Q1, currently 77% is coming from various government schemes and 10% from the 
TPA and balance 13% is coming from the cash. So, this comes as 100%. Going forward, what we 
are expecting in the next 12 to 15-months, it will be 70:30. So, 70% will come from the government 
scheme and 30% from cash and TPA. 
Ronak Agarwal: 
Okay. So, what kind of ARPOB growth are you looking due to the decrease in scheme and increase 
in the other patients? 
Sudesh Sharma: 
What we just mentioned was that our beneficiaries of government schemes when we look at patient 
intake, currently 77% are beneficiaries of government schemes, Therefore, the revenue mix reflects 
that pattern. 77% comes from government insurance scheme, rest from non-government insurance 
schemes, namely from self-funded means or through TPA, etc., Going forward, as we just explained, 
we believe short-to-mid-term, this number will be having a split of 30:70; 70% patients being 
beneficiaries of government schemes, therefore 70% of revenue coming from government insurance 
schemes. On your question concerning ARPOB, we believe that for multifarious reasons, ARPOB 
which grew in the band of 3%-5% in the past is showing a more robust growth of 10-12% right now. 
This trend we believe will continue on account of this change mix shifts towards advanced to super-
specialty treatments, combination of factors, national inflation. So, we believe ARPOB guidance 
going forward is 10%-12% in that band on annualized basis. 
Ronak Agarwal: 
10%-12% for upcoming two years? 
Sudesh Sharma: 
That is correct. 
Ronak Agarwal: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Akshay Thakur with Helios Capital. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Thakur: 
Hi, sir. Thanks again for taking my question. So, my question is at our scale, how do we manage the 
hospital information system -- do we have a vendor? 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
Yes, we have a strong HIS system, which is in sync with all the various departments in a unit. And 
we have a centralized server system also in which the entire data flows. And on a consolidated basis 
also we are able to receive all the HIS reports in same time from the various units. So, we have a 
robust system, which keeps the diagnostics, the radiology, the consultation, the OPD, the IPD, the 
ICU, and the reference values of various investigations with the provision of immediate access so 
which comes through and the reporting mechanism also. 
Akshay Thakur: 
Okay, thank you. So, we have around, 5% to 6% of our mix coming from OPD. So, as compared to 
other hospitals, it is a little less. So, what is the strategy to improve this or basically this acts as a 
funnel to your IPD patients? And what is the on-ground model in place right now? 

 
Park Medi World Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
See, OPD, we never have considered as a revenue generator. Since we are into affordable segment, 
our interest is that it does not create any entry barrier for any patient whatsoever for want of any kind 
of consultation, treatment, or with any kind of suggestions with regard to his illness. So, we ensure 
that the OPD volume is very high and it can be at times free of cost or subsidized also. Each unit 
conducts various camps, roughly about 20-25 camps in a month. So, with 17 units, if we see, there 
are a large number of camps which are being conducted in the periphery as corporate social 
responsibility also and corporate outreach program. Besides that, on gazetted holidays and major 
holidays, we keep our OPDs free for patients who are unable to afford it. So, OPD is basically a 
footfall generator for us and not an entry barrier. And there they come to know about the affordable 
treatments which are made available within our institute. And that is how the conversion happens 
when they find that this is within their means and pocket to take the treatment, unlike other premium 
segments where it is totally unaffordable. Even the OPD at times, if we keep it at Rs.3,000-5,000 for 
a super specialist, it becomes a deterrent for a patient to enter into a hospital. 
Akshay Thakur: 
That was very helpful, sir. When it comes to your specialty mix, neurology has a very high 
percentage. What could be the reason for that? Any specific reason we have that? 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
See, this is domain centric, that based on the domains where there is a particular ailment higher, the 
particular super speciality could be higher. But one aspect which I find is this, that since we are 
mapped on the Grand Trunk Road from Delhi to Chandigarh and on the Jaipur-Delhi Expressway, 
we are bang on highway. So, unfortunately, a lot of trauma and accidental cases also approach us 
because they can quickly approach us and major critical cases with requirement of neurological 
involvement is there. So, that is why the percentage is higher. 
Akshay Thakur: 
Okay. Understood, sir. That was helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Chetan Shah with Jeet Capital. Please go ahead. 
Chetan Shah: 
Yes. Most of my questions got answered. Just one small correction which I wanted to understand. In 
one of the questions which you answered about the doctors remuneration structure, what we have, 
my very specific question is when we go to Tier-2 and Tier-3 city going forward, how do you see 
availability of a reasonably good doctor staying at a relatively longer period of time apart from the 
structure of remuneration what we have, which is very unique in the industry, is there anything else 
also what we are looking at it or exploring to have a consistency of services across the length and 
breadth of hospitals? 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
Yes. Chetan, in fact, it is a fantastic question and it gives us a lot of insights because I have been 
directly involved with the recruitment even in Tier-2, Tier-3 towns. I will give you an example of 
places like Bhatinda where we had a lot of super specialists coming over giving interviews, coming 
from metros like Chandigarh, Delhi and other towns and I was quite surprised and I said that why 
are you coming to a Tier-2, Tier-3 town, especially from the places like Delhi or Chandigarh? So, 

 
Park Medi World Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
the answer which came across is this, that this is our hometown and because there was no facility 
which could actually hone our skills till now, we were forced to go and stay in far off places which 
are metros where good hospitals were but now since you have come up with all the facilities in our 
hometown, we would like to be working out here. I will give you an example on the recent one 
Rudrapur also. A medical oncologist and his wife pathologist, they were in one of the premium 
hospitals in Delhi, and they have come to Rudrapur to work out there because again it is their 
hometown. So, this story carries on, because the brain drain happens from smaller cities and smaller 
towns to bigger metros which was happening before to abroad also but now it is being contained to 
bigger metros because the facilities in Tier-2, Tier-3 towns were not available. But as we are coming 
up with high-end super speciality in Tier-2, Tier-3 towns, they are more than happy to come and 
accommodate themselves in their hometown or close to their vicinity of their hometown. So, we have 
had no problems till now. 
Chetan Shah: 
Understood sir. Just one follow-up on that. If you see most of these doctors, once they have a good 
experience in a larger city, then they wanted to go back to the roots and open a small hospital or a 
clinic or a specialty thing but sometimes they have a constraint of money so they may not be able to 
open a larger one. So, are we open to such ideas also where they not only come back with their talent 
but also happy to tie-up with a brand like ours and can give you a leeway of geography where as of 
now we are not able to think but can explore such opportunity as a part of the business expansion 
plan going forward, will that be also one of the strategy you think can work? 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
See, till now one of the uniqueness of Park is this that all our clinicians, doctors are full-time 
employees of Park Hospital and they are dedicated to Park only. We have no visiting consultant 
policy with us. All our doctors are 100%-dedicated and that is why there is zero patient grievances 
because their entire time goes in only two things -- one is the counselling of patient and attendants 
and other is on their skill sets coming out with high clinical outcomes. So, which Park gets in 
comparison to a lot of other institutes where the time feasibility is not there with doctor and this is a 
common complaint that doctor comes initially only and after the treatment they are unable to meet 
their consultant. This does not happen in Park. 
Chetan Shah: 
Understood, Thanks and wish you all the best sir for the future and congratulations for the new 
properties, sir. 
Dr. Sanjay Sharma: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints we will take that as the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sudesh Sharma for the closing remarks. 
Sudesh Sharma: 
Thank you all once again for your time and for the thoughtful questions. Today, we are very pleased 
with the progress we have made this quarter as we continue to scale our network responsibly while 
staying true to our core values of affordability, quality and patient centric care. We remain super 

 
Park Medi World Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
confident in the growth roadmap we have laid out for FY’27 and beyond and we look forward to 
updating you on our continued progress in the quarter. On behalf of the entire Park Medi World team 
thank you so much for your continued trust and support. Thank you and have a very good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, for any further questions you may get in touch with Ms. Saloni 
Nagvekar from the Adfactors team. Thank you for joining us. On behalf of Park Medi World Limited 
that concludes this conference call. You may now disconnect your lines. 
