Corporate Office: 5th Floor, Lotus Tower, A- Block, 
Community Centre, New Friends Colony,             
New Delhi- 110025 
Tel.: 011-66561234 
E-mail : hmvlinvestor@livehindustan.com 
Website: www.hmvl.in 
CIN : L21090BR1918PLC000013 
 
 
Tel: 0612-2223434, 2223413 
   
            12th August, 2026 
  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
  National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
  Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
  Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
  Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
  Mumbai - 400 051 
 
 
Scrip Code: 533217 
 
       Trading Symbol: HMVL  
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call for Analysts and Investors on the Un-Audited Financial Results 
of the Company for the quarter ended on 30th June, 2026 
  
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed transcript of Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on Wednesday,  
05th August, 2026 in respect of the Un-Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended on 
30th June, 2026. 
 
The transcript of the Call is also available on the Company’s website at:  
 
https://www.hmvl.in/earnings-call-transcript-audio.html 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
For Hindustan Media Ventures Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Nikhil Sethi) 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
Hindustan Media 
Ventures Limited 
Registered Omce: 
Budh Marg, Patna - 80000 I 
fa ~efl I cii 
Nikhil 
Sethi
Digitally signed 
by Nikhil Sethi 
Date: 2026.08.12 
11:56:58 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HT Media Group 
 
Q1FY27 – Earnings Webinar 
 
August 5, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Piyush Gupta: Group CFO – HT Media Group 
 
Ms. Anna Abraham: Group Deputy CFO - HT Media Group 
 
 
  
               CFO - Hindustan Media Ventures Limited 
 
 
  
               Head, Investor Relations - HT Media Group 
Mr. Pervez Bajan: Head Financial Controllership & Taxation – HT Media Group  
 
 

   August 5, 2026 
 
2 | P a g e 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. This is Aaditya Mulani 
from the HT Media Group. I would like to welcome you all to our  
Q1 FY2026-27 earnings webinar.  
As a reminder, all the participants will be in ‘listen-only’ mode. 
After we are through with the presentation, there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions.  
                                                         
I now hand over to Ms. Anna Abraham; HT Media Group's Deputy 
CFO, Chief Financial Officer HMVL, and Head, Investor Relations. 
Thank you and over to you, Anna. 
                                                
Anna Abraham:  
Thank you, Aaditya. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to 
this webinar. Today on the call with me is Mr. Piyush Gupta, Group 
CFO, Mr. Pervez Bajan, Head, Financial Controllership and 
Taxation, and members of the Investor Relations team.  
We hope you've had an opportunity to review the results of 
Hindustan Media Ventures Limited and those of HT Media Limited. 
We will be discussing the same at the webinar today.  
Please note that our discussion will follow the presentation slides, 
which along with the financial statements are available on the 
stock exchanges and in the Investor Relations sections of our 
websites.  
Before we start the presentation, kindly keep in mind the 
cautionary statement on this slide. We would not, as per usual 
practice, be giving any specific guidance on revenue or earnings 
projections.  
Moving on to slide 3, this provides the Chairperson's message on 
the Company's performance for the concluded fiscal quarter, and 
I quote: 
“We began the financial year on a steady note, with consolidated 
revenue growing year-on-year and profitability improving in 
tandem.  
Print remained the anchor of the business, with advertising 
revenue continuing to grow year-on-year and circulation revenue 
remaining resilient. The growth in profitability was achieved on the 
back of steady advertising revenue and disciplined cost 
management. However, elevated newsprint prices, a weaker 
rupee, and global supply chain uncertainties are causes for 
concern going forward. 
Radio revenue remained broadly steady year-on-year. The 
segment is now operating on a leaner and more sustainable 
footprint following the surrender of licenses for certain non-viable 
stations.  
=IIHTMedialimited igGC:-!dlril 
~ 

   August 5, 2026 
 
3 | P a g e 
 
Digital revenue moderated during the quarter as we deliberately 
reset the portfolio around leaner, more focused offerings with the 
intent of driving sustainable and profitable growth. 
Beyond the quarter's operating performance, the board approved 
a preferential issue last month subject to regulatory and 
shareholder approval. The proposed issue is a proactive step 
towards 
strengthening 
the 
Company's 
capital 
structure, 
streamlining its debt profile, and providing capital for general 
business requirements. 
As we begin the financial year, your continued confidence and 
support remain central to our purpose. We remain focused on 
strengthening our core businesses, delivering trusted journalism 
and quality content, and creating sustainable long-term value for 
all our stakeholders.” 
Moving on to today's agenda, we will begin with a performance 
update focusing on consolidated financial results, followed by an 
overview of our Print, Radio, and Digital business segments. After 
the presentation, we will open for the Q&A session. 
With this, I now hand over the call to Piyush for the main 
presentation. 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Thanks Aaditya, thanks Anna.  
We will be tracking the webinar presentation. So, on your screen, 
you can see the consolidated financial summary. And I will recap, 
operating revenue led the y-o-y top-line growth. Sustained cost 
discipline resulted in margin expansion and cash position 
remained robust. Quickly deep diving into the numbers here; 
As you can see, total revenue grew by 15%, coming at  
INR 497 crore, with EBITDA going up nearly 3x to INR 90 crore with 
a margin expansion of 12 points. PAT improved substantially to  
INR 47 crore, and PAT margin also improved to 9%. And our net 
cash position remains a very healthy INR 922 crore. 
Now going into the business unit performance. Print segment 
revenue grew on the back of advertising performance, circulation 
remained steady both annually and sequentially and margins for 
the quarter were at 13% despite high commodity rates. As you can 
see, the ad. revenue grew 15% to INR 295 crore and circ. revenue 
was virtually flat at INR 52 crore. Operating revenue, at  
INR 376 crore, which is a 16% increase, and operating EBITDA 
improved substantially to INR 50 crore with a margin at 13%. 
Deep diving a little into the English Print segment. As you can see, 
the advertising revenue grew 12% to INR 156 crore versus the 
=IIHTMedialimited igGC:-!dlril 
~ 

   August 5, 2026 
 
4 | P a g e 
 
same quarter last year and sequentially there was a decline but 
that is seasonality sitting there. Circulation revenue grew 14% to 
INR 13 crore. 
On Hindi Print, again we saw an increase on a y-o-y basis, 
advertising revenue coming to INR 139 crore and circulation 
revenue remaining flat.  
In Radio, again the topline was flat with operating EBITDA coming 
at a negative INR 3 crore.  
For Digital segment, operating revenue was down by about 28% 
and operating EBITDA was a negative INR 3 crore with a margin at 
negative 12%. 
With that, we come to the end of the presentation. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you, Piyush.  
We will now begin the Q&A session. You can click on the raise hand 
option, which will enable the moderator to unmute you for posing 
your query. Please introduce yourself before posing your query 
and kindly restrict to a maximum of two to three questions per 
participant so that we may be able to address questions from all 
participants.  
 Also, as is the ambit of this call, please be mindful to pose 
questions pertaining to the listed entity HT Media Limited and 
those within its consolidated structure.  
We will wait for a few moments while the question queue 
assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Ranga Prasad. Please unmute 
yourself and ask your question. 
 
Ranga Prasad:  
Good afternoon, everyone. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Good afternoon, Mr. Prasad. 
 
Ranga Prasad:  
It is indeed heartening to note that the management's decision to 
shut down loss-making verticals is bearing fruit. The losses from 
the discontinued operations have come down substantially. If the 
present trend is indicative, our Company is on a road to sustained 
profitability. 
=IIHTMedialimited igGC:-!dlril 
~ 

   August 5, 2026 
 
5 | P a g e 
 
However, in this regard, I find one thing quite puzzling. The 
management's decision to go for a preferential offer of equity 
shares conceivably to reduce debt. We had just indicated that our 
net cash position is very healthy at INR 922 crores. Even until the 
last quarter, the shareholders were in fact wondering if the 
Company planned to return some cash on hand to the 
shareholders. 
Now suddenly, the management has felt the need to raise 
additional equity capital. That too through a preferential offer of 
equity shares at a low rate of around INR 24. While the book value 
per share is around INR 70. This will result in a sharp fall in the 
book value per share, in addition to diluting the share of the 
existing public shareholders by 15%. Just at a time when the 
Company is showing indications of getting into sustained 
profitability, the shareholders who had held on to their stake in the 
Company through thick and thin are being diluted. 
If the Company wanted to raise additional funds, the shareholder 
interest would be better served if this were done through a rights 
issue. That way the stake in the Company would not get diluted.  
I request the management to clarify as to why they preferred to 
raise additional funds through a preferential offer rather than 
through a rights issue.  
If at all possible, the ongoing preferential offer of equity warrants 
should be withdrawn in interest of the public shareholders. Thank 
you. Some comment, please. 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Okay. Thank you for your comments, Mr. Prasad.  
So, the first point where you commended the Company for a 
wonderful performance, we thank you. And as we had been 
continuously every quarter indicating to the investors that we are 
carefully monitoring all our incubating businesses. And if they 
don't turn profitable, indeed the Company and the management 
will take a call and hence we have taken a call. 
You have already seen the profitability numbers improving in this 
quarter and again on a sustainable basis, we believe that they will 
go from strength to strength. So that's on point number one.  
On point number two, let me just lay out a couple of big points and 
then I'll request my colleagues to also jump in into this one. We 
have a very substantially healthy balance sheet position with net 
cash at INR 922 crores. But you have to understand that all that 
cash is parked in HMVL. 
=IIHTMedialimited igGC:-!dlril 
~ 

   August 5, 2026 
 
6 | P a g e 
 
HT Media Limited and Digicontent Limited - which is not here - 
where the preferential issue is being done, are both indebted 
companies and are running a net debt position.  
So, at this point in time, though money can be given to HMVL 
shareholders in the way of dividend or buybacks and so on and so 
forth, there is no free cash or surplus cash sitting in either HT 
Media Limited or Digicontent Limited.  
As you can see, the preferential issue has been only called for in 
HT Media and DCL. They have not been done in HMVL, which is 
already sitting on a surplus cash.  
That's the point I'd like you to consider because what we are 
showing you INR 922 crores is at a consolidated HT Media level 
and this is not bifurcating between HT Media separately and HMVL 
separately.  
Coming on to the pricing and dilution, we don't believe that is the 
case because you have to understand that currently the price to 
book ratio is less than 0.5 and the pricing of the preferential issue 
has been done strictly on the basis of a SEBI formula and the 
higher of 10-day or 90-day VWAP prices and we have not put any 
premium on that number. So being the least controversial, we 
have just stuck ourselves to the SEBI formula and that's how it is 
being priced.  
Once the preferential capital comes in, the money will be used to 
retire the debt. At least 30% to 50% of the debt will be retired, 
which will definitely be accretive to the EPS and long-term interest 
coverage ratio, our credit rating and so on and so forth.  
All the cash that is sitting in HMVL, will be deployed as per the 
Board’s direction of HMVL. That's a separate listed Company with 
a separate Board and separate set of shareholders, minority and 
majority; so they will take call.  
But for HT Media, for all the business plans that it has, can 
definitely do with a lesser debt profile and so can DCL.  
I would stop here. If there are any other questions, we can take that 
or if my colleagues would like to jump in on any point, happy if they 
want to contribute. 
 
Anna Abraham: 
There was a question about rights issue also.  
The rights issue would have meant a longer process. Preferential 
issue is a slightly shorter process. There is greater certainty of 
fundraising because there was a quantum that was being targeted 
to reduce the debt. It is not necessary that the same quantum 
could be raised in a rights issue. And in case of an 
=IIHTMedialimited igGC:-!dlril 
~ 

   August 5, 2026 
 
7 | P a g e 
 
undersubscription, in the rights issue process the unsubscribed 
shares are given to an underwriter, which itself becomes a quasi-
preferential allotment with inferior pricing guidelines actually vis-
a-vis the pricing guidelines of the preferential issue.  
So as a Company, it was felt that the preferential issue will deliver 
the requirements. 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Mr. Prasad, I think it's a faster process i.e. the preferential issue. At 
least 2-3 months faster. It gives you a greater certainty of 
fundraising and there is no risk of under subscription because 
you've already done an outreach and engaged with the investors 
and are pricing the issue on the basis of a SEBI formula.  
So, I think those are the clear high notes of points that my 
colleague just went through. I hope that answers your question. 
 
Ranga Prasad: 
Thank you.  
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mehul Pathak. 
Please introduce yourself and ask your question. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Hello Piyush and Anna, congratulations on a good set of numbers 
after such a long time. At least this call has something positive to 
look forward to. I hope you will be able to keep up these numbers 
for the next three quarters also of this year. 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Yes, Mehul, thanks for the kind words. Obviously, we do some 
forward planning, we don't give any forward guidance, but looking 
at various scenarios, we are very hopeful that we'll be able to keep 
up a good set of numbers going into future as well. 
 
Mehul Pathak: 
Piyush, even if you keep these numbers for the next three quarters, 
we might end up with an earnings per share of INR 6 and on a book 
value of INR 70, the return on equity is still lesser than 10% - it is 
lesser than the cost of capital in our Country.  
So even then I would say that we are not doing justice to capital in 
the Company even at these profits that we are earning. But that is 
something for you all and the Board to look at.  
Now coming to what Mr. Ranga Prasad said. I had given some 
thought to the preferential issue that you are raising. Now, the 
=IIHTMedialimited igGC:-!dlril 
~ 

   August 5, 2026 
 
8 | P a g e 
 
preferential issue pricing, while you might say that you have 
followed the SEBI guideline, legally, technically you are right, I 
would say there is a moral dimension to it and an ethical 
dimension to the whole thing.  
Now, in HT Media if I just value its stake in HMVL, that itself is  
INR 51 per share. It has INR 1,587 crores of net worth. If I divide 
that by 23 crore shares outstanding, INR 51.75 is what I am getting. 
And, now here you add all the businesses of HT Media also and if 
you calculate the intrinsic worth of our Company, it should be 
around INR 140 or 150 a share. Now, the Promoters are issuing 
preferential issue at INR 24.7, which according to me is ludicrous. 
How can you value? You are basically telling that my Company is 
valued at INR 24 a share and at INR 24 a share we are less than INR 
1,000 crores. When HMVL itself is INR 1,500 to 1,600 crores.  
So, the whole thing is totally out of whack. Now the voting has 
opened and I have voted against the resolution for self and family 
members. I would say, seriously you know, preferential issue even 
if SEBI is right, it is a reputation issue and we should withdraw the 
preferential issue or at least I would say the preferential issue has 
to be priced above INR 100 and you have to show that you know 
the promoters are following the highest standards of corporate 
governance. So, look this is not meant to be a question, but I would 
request the Board and Promoters to withdraw preferential issue 
and listen to the shareholders. Please consider my feedback. 
And Piyush, one more thing, there are many other ways in which 
you can raise capital. So many loss-making businesses, there is 
Shine and there is you know whole lot of options available. So, I 
would say that I am not seeing in your justification to Mr. Ranga 
Prasad also, that you all have considered other options. If other 
options are making losses or not giving adequate return on capital,  
I am telling those businesses should be sold and we should 
remain in media. 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Yeah. No, I think that's a very fair point.  
So, Mehul, let me attempt to engage with your question at two or 
three different levels. One is, why is this preferential issue good or 
not? What is the antithesis of that from a Company point of view? 
Second, you raised a question about moral dilemma or moral 
ethics, etc. at the Promoter level and third, other ways of 
unlocking capital, so to say. 
Look, I totally take your point that HMVL, if you're basically dividing 
the net worth by total number of outstanding shares, comes to a 
certain number. But the market is valuing at one-third that 
number. And that's been a perpetual challenge, to the Company's 
=IIHTMedialimited igGC:-!dlril 
~ 

   August 5, 2026 
 
9 | P a g e 
 
frustration. We don't react to short-term share prices, but for the 
longest time, it has been less than 0.5 times the book value. So, 
we all understand the share has been priced under, but really 
there's nothing that one can do with it. 
The second point that you have to consider and you have to read it 
in conjunction with this whole stuff is, why are we doing this 
preferential issue in those companies? So, things which are in our 
control is we can retire the debt, what the Promoters are bringing 
in at exactly the same terms and conditions is capital till their 
regulatory max in the Company, which means they are 
wholeheartedly subscribing to the same formula; in which all the 
third-party shareholders are bringing in capital. And this will help 
the Company improve its EPS in the short-term, and of course give 
it more flexibility to deploy capital on various other ventures that 
they want to do going forward. 
Now, coming into this whole thing of various other ways of 
unlocking capital, I think Mr. Ranga Prasad did mention and I'm 
just reiterating, on OTTplay we have been directing all the investors 
that we will sooner rather than later take a call and we took all 
stakeholders along with this and you've seen circa 31st March 
2026 we have taken that decision and hence you're seeing the 
improvement in the financial position in the first quarter result 
which is sustainable, which will go forward. 
All the other things that you are saying we don't give any forward 
statement, but I think you should not presume that the Company 
is not looking at all other options available to maximize the capital 
or cut losses or increase EPS, etc. All those options are on the 
table and they are being discussed right up till the Board level. So, 
saying that, from a highest level of morality or ethics, etc., 
someone is, short changing. I think the only way that you can talk 
about a share price is the existing share price in the stock market. 
I mean, we all understand it's undervalued share, but really, I can't 
do much because you know that's not where the market is valuing 
us. 
So, we are doing whatever is in the best possible interest of the 
Company and within our means raising fresh capital to retire debt, 
and give us capital flexibility to invest in businesses which can 
create long-term sustainable value for all shareholders majority or 
minority.  
I'll stop there if you've got any questions happy to take those. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Can I seek a clarification question on this? Can I ask one more 
question, please?  
=IIHTMedialimited igGC:-!dlril 
~ 

   August 5, 2026 
 
10 | P a g e 
 
Piyush, in the past, whenever we have discussed share price, you 
have always reiterated that we are not bothered about the share 
price. We are not looking at the share price. We just want to keep 
on doing the right things in this business. Now, I am saying that 
when convenient, you are then moving to the share price as per 
SEBI regulations. So, I am saying there is no consistency in the 
statements. 
The second thing is that a couple of years ago, I had asked this 
question in the AGM on debt that why are we taking debt? And I 
was told that we are not using debt in the business and we are 
using debt only for treasury purposes. And if we are making money 
on treasury, why should we not show that treasury operation on 
the debt side? So, this is the first time I am coming to know that 
you are using debt in the business. And the Chairperson herself 
has said that we are debt free and we are not using debt for any 
business purposes. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Mehul, yeah, so let me just answer that. I think we publish a 
balance sheet every year for HT Media, HMVL, Digicontent 
Limited, all the companies.  
Is there debt sitting in HT Media? It has been now sitting for the last 
three to four years. It is not a fresh information that I'm giving here.  
In this particular call, we are showing a combined net cash 
position. Hence, you see the numbers that you see. But this is not 
fresh information. Debt has been building in HT Media for the last 
4-5 years post-COVID because of the Print English operations and 
Radio operations, etc.  
So, this is not any fresh information. And we are just trying to retire 
the debt. So, I will stop here. 
 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
You said that we are not using debt for business. It is only for 
treasury. I am just saying that consistency is not there. The 
Chairperson herself has said, you go back to the minutes of the 
AGM past, she has herself made the statement.  
 
Piyush Gupta:  
That is a comment either from a HMVL perspective or a 
consolidated number perspective. In HTML that argument cannot 
hold and I will look at the transcript and please you also have a 
look at the transcript. 
 
=IIHTMedialimited igGC:-!dlril 
~ 

   August 5, 2026 
 
11 | P a g e 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Ok. Can you please convey our shareholders message to the 
board. And even if we are a minority, our voting against the 
resolution should at least be introspected?  
 
Piyush Gupta:  
No, we respect that, Mehul.  
 See, look, I can only tell you this. We are raising capital to retire 
debt, improve EPS, which will be helpful to everyone. We have 
priced the issue on SEBI formula, in the Company which has a net 
debt position. The Company which has cash, we are obviously not 
raising any fresh capital.  
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Moving on. The next question is from the line of Rohan Agarwal. 
Please unmute yourself and ask your question. 
 
Rohan Agarwal:  
Yeah. Hi, this is Rohan from Wave Asset PMS. Sorry I joined the call 
a little late so I am not sure if this was covered before. I just wanted 
to speak regarding the other income jump that we've had in HMVL. 
I just wanted to know what's the nature of that income? Is it 
treasury gains or is it like one of MTMs on our investments? So, it 
will be helpful to know what it is and what can we expect other 
income to be going forward because it's a significant part of the 
P&L. 
 
Anna Abraham:  
In HMVL, in the other income there is a substantial portion which 
is on treasury and this time there is also profit on sale of assets 
which we have got. Both are a reflection. The treasury gains are a 
function of the yield curve movement towards the end of the 
quarter which has helped us have substantial gains. There is 
volatility in the market, as you know Rohan, so we cannot predict 
it because of the adverse global situation and the markets in US 
also tend to have an impact on how we move in Indian markets as 
well. But we are positioned well to make the best of the situations 
as these are stabilized. 
 
 Rohan Agarwal: 
Got it. So, this current quarter's other income gain, a significant 
part of that you're saying also is MTM gains on our investments.  
 
Anna Abraham: 
So, treasury gains is basically mutual funds and the NAV based 
process and not a MTM valuation-based process.  
 
=IIHTMedialimited igGC:-!dlril 
~ 

   August 5, 2026 
 
12 | P a g e 
 
Rohan Agarwal:  
Yeah, I got that. But what's what about our investments that we 
hold?  
 
Anna Abraham:  
Oh, no, it is Treasury and it is actual realized profit on sale of 
assets.   
 
Rohan Agarwal:  
Got it, Cool. And my other question is on our Print EBITDA margins, 
I see that that's come down q-o-q, I assume because of high 
newsprint costs. I just wanted know if you could give us a little 
more colour on how you see newsprint costs going forward, how 
would it affect the EBITDA margin for the rest of the year? Say if 
newsprint costs remain the same and also do we hedge or is there 
some sort of cost mitigation measures that we take place or 
maybe any newspaper cost increases, price increases on 
circulation that we do? So, it will be helpful to know that. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Hi Rohan, Piyush this side.  
So, Rohan, let me give you a slightly high-level answer. See if that 
answers your question. The newsprint for our Print business is 
really the single biggest cost line item. Depending on the price, it 
varies anywhere between 25% to 40% of the entire bill of material, 
including direct and indirect cost. At this point in time, post-
COVID. And why I'm saying post-COVID? Because, COVID is a 
time when the newsprint prices per metric ton had reached the 
highest because of supply chain disruptions and so on and so 
forth.  
After that, it had come down very substantially. But after that, this 
is the highest peak that we have seen at about $650 to $700 a 
metric ton. We believe that the prices have peaked and should 
plateau at this level before they start coming down. But obviously, 
as a commodity, no one can predict, that's our best estimate. So, 
we believe if the prices don't go any further adverse from here on, 
we should be able to maintain our margins on the Print business 
on the operating side very clearly. But newsprint, as I have always 
pointed or directed the investor community, that newsprint, unlike 
other commodity, it doesn't have a forward market. So, there is no 
way that you can with certainty, predict the forward prices.  
So, it is what it is. What is also not helping is dollar is also at a 
lifetime high. If all the newsprint is priced in US dollars, so that's 
effectively a double whammy on that cost line item. But hopefully 
we believe it's already peaked and should at some point in time 
start coming down, which will only help the margins. I hope that 
answers your question. 
=IIHTMedialimited igGC:-!dlril 
~ 

   August 5, 2026 
 
13 | P a g e 
 
 
Rohan Agarwal:  
Sure. So, I mean, the EBITDA margin that we had this quarter for 
Print, which is around 13%, should we expect that. As sort of, the 
baseline. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
So by and large, in your modelling, you can use that, but I told you 
what the imponderables are. So, let's say theoretically, if the dollar 
goes to 100 and the commodity goes to 700, then suddenly we'll 
have a margin dilution. But from a modelling exercise perspective, 
I think that's a fair assumption to take. 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Yeah, in Q2 per se, as we look at it, there is a slightly higher 
newsprint price vis-a-vis Q1, exact margins will be a function of 
the categories which advertise, the pricing we get, which may or 
may not offset that. 
 
Rohan Agarwal:  
Sure, and would you consider taking the cover price hike if 
warranted to? 
 
Anna Abraham: 
See, Rohan, I think over time. It's difficult to do that. Hindi papers, 
for example, are well priced right now. Now, over time, as the 
commodity prices increased, everybody has taken a price 
increase, so further price increases would be a little difficult. We 
do take actions on the volume side to the extent possible without 
compromising on the product, on the reach, when there are such 
situations, but pricing per se, we may not have much of a lever. 
 
Rohan Agarwal:  
Got it. Understood. Thank you. Appreciate your answers. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Thank you. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
The next question is from the line of Yash R. Please introduce 
yourself and ask your questions. 
 
Yash R.: 
Okay, so congratulations on a good set of numbers.  
Ad. revenue has grown by around 15% at the Print level, right? 
English and HMVL. So, what has driven the business this time? 
Because what we are hearing is that this was a difficult quarter, 
=IIHTMedialimited igGC:-!dlril 
~ 

   August 5, 2026 
 
14 | P a g e 
 
but in spite of that, we are still showing a mid-double-digit growth. 
So, what's contributing to it? Is it on account of volume or is it on 
account of pricing that we've increased? 
 
Anna Abraham:  
So, I mean, difficult quarter is more from a cost side pressure. 
Otherwise, it's been a reasonable quarter actually from a revenue 
perspective. We have seen commercial revenues holding from a 
volume perspective. We have had a benefit of yield improvement 
there. With respect to government revenues, we have a 
combination of both volume and pricing, but as you know that the 
Government had increased the rates for all the publications 
towards November of last year. 
And of course, for the next two quarters, we will have that. We are 
cycling lower pricing from a government revenue perspective. That 
also has helped. So, a combination of volume and pricing, but 
both commercial and government revenues have grown. 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
And Yash, if I would just add to what Anna said, we've been 
consistently saying that we are focusing a lot on yield 
improvement. And this quarter, I think it's substantially standing 
out that all our efforts have paid heed here.  
So, a substantial part of that revenue growth of 15% is driven by 
our pricing. Of course, Government gave a price increase in 
November last year, but that was after seven years. Please 
remember, the world has changed in seven years. But our yield 
improvement program is definitely helping us. So, I think it's a good 
set of numbers. We hope that this continues, but let's see. Time 
will tell. 
 
Yash R.:  
So, for commercial, if I can summarize, it was the yield or the 
pricing that got us higher, right? 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
 Yeah. 
 
Anna Abraham:  
But volumes have also held. 
 
Yash R.: 
Okay, but majorly it's on account of the pricing increase? 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Yes. 
=IIHTMedialimited igGC:-!dlril 
~ 

   August 5, 2026 
 
15 | P a g e 
 
 
Yash R.: 
And if I may ask, what is the Government share to the overall ratio? 
Because that might not be much. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Well, we don't exactly share that number, but it's substantial. 
When I say substantial, it's definitely, a reasonably good number, 
but commercial is an infinitely a bigger block of revenue. 
 
Anna Abraham: 
Government has always been a decent component of revenues 
for all Print publishing.  
 
Yash R.:  
Okay, and what has happened on the circulation front for HT 
English? I can see that it has grown by only 14%. Is it on the back 
of copies or have we increased any prices in the past quarter?  
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Well, actually on the circulation, I think it's a steady state 
circulation. I think those numbers that you are seeing are 
statistically looking like big in percentages, but we are market by 
market holding onto a copy share that we want to keep in major 
English markets because the question is on HTML. Percentages 
might be appreciating here and there, but on copies, I think no 
drastic action on pricing up, pricing down, cutting copies and 
producing copies have been taken. It's a pretty steady state 
circulation and likely to be like that in the current competitive 
sphere. 
 
Yash R.:  
I'm sorry, I didn't get that. So basically, have the copies gone up or 
has the price increased? Because 14%, I know the number is 
pretty small, INR 13 crore versus INR 12 crore. 
 
Anna Abraham: 
It's mostly pricing. But it's a function of mix that is line versus 
subscription and also the discounting that happens. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yeah, my only point is 14 as a percentage might look big, but 
change in absolute number, as you yourself said, is pretty 
inconsequential, which can have multiple levers, which can swing 
either way, subscription copy to line copy mix, overweighing little 
copies in a particular market versus underweighting. More or less, 
by and large the steady state copy level that we are maintaining, 
we are likely to maintain for some time. 
 
=IIHTMedialimited igGC:-!dlril 
~ 

   August 5, 2026 
 
16 | P a g e 
 
 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Okay, it is about INR 1.5 crores at this point. 14% sounds large, but 
it's only about that much.   
 
Yash R.:  
Okay, and in HMVL, there seems to be a spike in the other 
operating income. I believe it was around INR 10 crore last year, 
first quarter and this time it's INR 20 crore. 
 
Anna Abraham: 
Yeah. That includes some amount of job work income and scrap 
sales and all of that. And yeah, there is an increase in all of those. 
 
Yash R.:  
So almost double? 
 
Anna Abraham: 
Yeah, there is increase in other operating income in HMVL from the 
other lines. 
 
Yash R.:  
Okay, just one last question. I believe there has been some 
reduction in this employee salaries, employee cost versus 
previous year and slightly against previous quarter. 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Yeah. This is HMVL or consolidated level that you're talking. 
 
Yash R.:  
I'm talking about the consolidated first. So, I can see it has gone to 
INR 99 crores approximately from INR 111 crores in the last year.  
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Well, we've been driving efficiency. I think that's something that 
we've been saying for the past sometime. We've been right-sizing 
the organization and that's basically what it is. 
 
Yash R.:  
Okay. So that's across HTML and HMVL both, right? Because both 
are showing some reduction. 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Yes. 
 
Yash R.: 
Okay. All right. Thank you 
 
=IIHTMedialimited igGC:-!dlril 
~ 

   August 5, 2026 
 
17 | P a g e 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Next question is from the line of Mahima. Please introduce 
yourself and ask your question.  
Mahima, you'll have to unmute yourself. 
 
 
 
Mahima: 
Hello. Congratulations for your result.  
Sir, I was referring to the previous question and there seemed to 
be some ambiguity regarding the financials of HT Media and 
HMVL.  
Sir, I was wondering if it would be more appropriate for the 
shareholders to receive the financial information of two listed 
companies separately, like as it could provide some greater clarity 
and transparency. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
But Mahima, if I'm not mistaken, we do provide it separately.  
HMVL results were published yesterday, and HT Media standalone 
and consolidated results have been published today.  
So, all the three different financial statements are separately 
published. 
 
Mahima: 
No, sir, I was talking about the con-call. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Look, we much prefer to do it the way that we are doing it right now. 
And feel free to ask a question either on HMVL or HT Media, but 
we'd rather have one con-call addressing the shareholders of both 
the companies, if that's okay with you. 
 
Mahima: 
All right, Sir. 
 
Aaditya Mulani: 
Thank you.  
Thank you all. With this, we come to the end of the Q&A session. If 
you have any further queries, please reach out to the Investor 
Relations team. Our contact details are given in the investor 
presentation and are also mentioned on our websites.  
I now hand over to Piyush for closing remarks. 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Thank you Aaditya and thank you dear friends for joining our  
Q1 FY27 earnings call.  
=IIHTMedialimited igGC:-!dlril 
~ 

   August 5, 2026 
 
18 | P a g e 
 
We are very happy with the set of numbers that we have put down 
for this quarter.  
We hope that we continue this, we repeat this performance going 
forward. With this, I look forward to seeing you next quarter and 
thank you very much.  
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
=IIHTMedialimited igGC:-!dlril 
~ 
