 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
Registered Office:  
No.4/1-2, Crescent Road,  
Bangalore – 560001, India 
T +918022378000  
E hslblr@himatsingka.com 
CIN L17112KA1985PLC006647 
www.himatsingka.com 
 
REF: HSL/SEC/2026/57 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
To  
The Deputy Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Code: 514043 
To 
The Manager  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)  
Mumbai 400051 
Symbol: HIMATSEIDE 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for Analysts and Investors. 
 
Ref: Disclosure under Part A of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Pursuant to Part A of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the Earnings Call for Analysts and 
Investors held on Thursday, August 13, 2026.  
 
Please note that the transcript of the aforesaid earnings conference call shall be made available on 
the website of the Company.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Himatsingka Seide Limited 
 
 
 
Bindu D.  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
 
DORAISWAMY 
BINDU
Digitally signed by 
DORAISWAMY BINDU 
Date: 2026.08.17 15:37:34 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 8 
 
 
 
 
“Himatsingka Seide Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHRIKANT HIMATSINGKA – EXECUTIVE VICE 
CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
HIMATSINGKA SEIDE LIMITED 
 
MR. SANKARANARAYANAN M – PRESIDENT FINANCE 
AND GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
HIMATSINGKA SEIDE LIMITED 
 
MR. BANKESH DHINGRA – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT 
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – OPERATIONS – 
HIMATSINGKA SEIDE LIMITED 
 
MR. BIMAL AGARWAL – VICE PRESIDENT, 
CORPORATE FINANCE – HIMATSINGKA SEIDE LIMITED 
 
MR. HARIKRISHNAN BALASUBRAMANIAN – ASSOCIATE 
VICE PRESIDENT, FINANCE – BANKING AND 
COMPLIANCE – HIMATSINGKA SEIDE LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. PRERNA JHUNJHUNWALA – ELARA SECURITIES 
INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 8 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Himatsingka Seide Limited Q1 FY27 Results 
and Business Update. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Prerna Jhunjhunwala. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you, Atharva. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Elara Securities India Private 
Limited, I would like to welcome you all for Q1 FY27 Post Results Conference Call of 
Himatsingka Seide Limited. 
 
Today, we have with us the senior management of the company, including Mr. Shrikant 
Himatsingka, Executive Vice Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Sankaranarayanan M., 
President, Finance and Group CFO; Mr. Bankesh Dhingra, Senior Vice President and CFO, 
Operations; Mr. Bimal Agarwal, Vice President, Corporate Finance; and Mr. Harikrishnan 
Balasubramanian, Associate Vice President, Finance, Banking and Compliance. . 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka for opening remarks. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thank you, everybody, for taking the time to join us this afternoon. As always, I'll first go 
through a business update and shed some light on developments at our end, and then I'll be happy 
to take questions from you all. 
 
So the consolidated total income for Q1 FY27 stood at INR634 crores versus INR661 crores, 
which was a range-bound number, also took some hits on this account from the ongoing issues 
that we were facing on the geopolitical front in the Middle East. So we had some deferrals of 
shipments and things of that nature. And it also reflects some movement on capacity utilization 
in some of our divisions, which I'll come to in a bit. 
 
The consolidated EBITDA came in at INR101 crores. The EBITDA margin came in at about 
16%, again, primarily driven by slightly lower revenues, some tweaks in product mix and some 
inflationary headwinds on the raw material front. The capacity utilizations at our facilities stood 
at 99%. Our Sheeting division came in at 52% and our Terry division stood at 63% as was the 
case during the last quarter. 
 
The company continues to drive focus on transitioning its business model. So actually, this call 
today is really not about our quarterly numbers as much as it is about sharing some thoughts on 
the transition that we are undertaking vis-a-vis our model and our businesses. So as I shared with 
the stakeholders on our previous call that in addition to focusing on enhancing capacity 
utilizations for our existing product lines, we've also added new product verticals by leveraging 
our current infrastructure. 
 
We believe this will accelerate utilization levels and diversify revenue streams, tap new 
opportunities in the wake of new global regulatory frameworks and geopolitical realities. So in 
a sense, we are going to be adding 3 new product verticals to our portfolio and in addition to 

 
 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 8 
 
Home Textile Solutions. And the 3 product verticals will be Yarn Solutions, Fabric Solutions 
and Apparel Solutions. 
 
So our efforts are essentially geared to transforming the Himatsingka model and steering away 
from U.S. concentration, steering away from client concentration, as we've seen in the Home 
Textile space, that seems to be a cornerstone of the home textile, let's say, world. So some of our 
new verticals, we would like to stay clear from those kinds of issues. 
 
And we would like to broaden the number of jurisdictions we serve. We would like to broaden 
our India presence. We would like to broaden the categories that we operate because this is what 
we believe will drive derisking of our revenue streams and unleash growth potential for us 
because the markets overall in terms of Yarn Solutions or Fabric Solutions or Apparel Solutions 
are substantially larger markets for us to be a part of vis-a-vis Home Textiles. 
 
So it's a much, much larger universe. It's a universe, which is probably 20x the size of Home 
Textiles, if not larger. And we, therefore, will find growth opportunities for us to be able to tap 
into as we go along. 
 
So in this regard, the group has already started its Yarn Solutions business, which is being 
ramped up as we speak and will be ramping up through the rest of this year, which essentially 
means that while we do service some of our internal requirements, our Yarn Solutions assets, 
which is our spinning assets will be focused on driving independent -- it will be an independent 
business vertical driving volumes by sale of various kinds of yarns. 
 
Do keep in mind that it's the world's largest plant under one roof where we have a capacity of 
211,584 spindles. So the Yarn Solutions business will chart its own journey, which has largely 
been only captive all these years, but we believe it's a large market. We believe we have the right 
technology platform, we have capacities which are of global scale, and we think that it's an 
interesting space for us to tap into. 
 
We will also make progress on the Fabric Solutions business as we go through the fiscal. And 
we will essentially be tapping into our existing capacities to unlock growth potential in the Fabric 
Solutions space. 
 
The products will have applications in lifestyle fabrics, and later, we'll also be tapping into 
technical and advanced Fabric Solutions using our current infrastructure. It's a very large space. 
And we think that we would like to be an important player in that area. 
 
The combined capacities of our Sheeting and our knitting fabrics processing capacity is 
approximately, by the end of the year should stand at about 90 million meters, and we will be 
channeling a substantial part of these capacities to service our Fabric Solutions business as well. 
So that's on Fabric Solutions. 
 
The Apparel Solutions space will kick in, in Phase 2 after we've seen some momentum picking 
up here. But we also believe that our existing assets are geared to deliver on that front. And we 
will be putting our Apparel Solutions vertical into play maybe a couple of quarters down the 
line. 

 
 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 8 
 
 
The Home Textiles vertical, which is our traditional vertical will be -- will have to go through a 
rightsizing exercise. And we will be trying to make sure that we have limited concentrations in 
markets like the U.S., which have other uncertainties associated with it while we ramp up the 
other verticals. 
 
So this is a little bit about all the 4 verticals that Himatsingka will be transforming into. So this 
period for us, be it Q2 or whatever it is, in the short term for a couple of quarters, our focus is 
on transition. We will see some volatility in numbers while we go through this transition and 
stabilize on the new platforms. But we believe that new platforms will drive significant growth 
and unleash significant potential for us going forward. 
 
In addition to this, we have our overall leverage, which has remained range bound for the quarter 
at about INR2,550 crores. And we are all internally focused to drive these measures that I just 
spoke to you about, keeping the future opportunities in mind, both on the domestic front and on 
the global front. 
 
So I'll be happy to take questions as you might like. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Sanjay from Musa Enterprises. 
Sanjay: 
Sir, actually, I just want to ask what are the positives and negatives in this quarter for the 
company? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Well, the negatives have been some overhangs, which I spoke about on the revenue front and on 
the overall offtake front. But I think the positives, I believe, is the fact that we have now started 
the transition into our new model. As I shared with all of you earlier, this does not involve any 
expansion or capex. It is transitioning into a new business model using our existing assets, and 
opening up very new and exciting opportunities for us going forward. 
 
So I think the positives I am looking forward to is really transforming our operating model over 
the next couple of quarters and heading in this new direction. That's really what the positive is 
because there's going to be a lot of opportunities in the textile and apparel world, and we believe 
that limiting our operations to only Home Textiles is going to be very restrictive going forward. 
And therefore, we are looking forward to unleashing potential on all these fronts. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Nirav Shah from Mesh Stock Brokers Private Limited. 
Nirav Shah: 
I wanted to ask why are you raising so much of money. And what -- how do you see quarter 2, 
quarter 3 or quarter 4? And what is -- how are the tariffs affecting your company U.S. tariffs? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Vis-a-vis U.S. demand as far as Himatsingka is concerned. We have also seen some flip-flop on 
policies and therefore, the uncertainty. It's created an inflationary environment as far as our 
products are concerned, and therefore, the demand, let's just say, scenarios has been slightly 
altered, but I think the going-forward situation vis-a-vis tariff seems to have stabilized to current 
levels. 

 
 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 8 
 
 
On the other side, the FTAs that the country has signed with jurisdictions like the U.K. and EU 
will all go well for us in the medium term. The U.K. piece will kick in. The EU piece, we're not 
sure exactly when it's going to kick in, but it should be in the short term. So I think this is my 
view on the regulatory and tariff/FTA-related funds. 
 
So in a sense, the tariff piece has stabilized and the FTA piece should offer some opportunities. 
But as I said, the domestic markets will also open up for us vis-a-vis our new product verticals 
and therefore, there will be a lot of new opportunities for us to tap into. 
 
On the fundraising side, we have just raised some NCDs to make sure that our debt tenors are 
balanced and our maturity profiles are balanced. So it's not really additional capital as such at 
this point. And yes, I hope I've answered your questions. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara Securities. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
You mentioned in your commentary that the Fabric Solutions would be around 90 million meters 
of capacity, while your current home solution capacity is around 61 million meters. So 30 million 
meters, would you be investing any further? Could you help us understand that? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
So we have processing -- we have a fabric processing and knit processing capacity of 90 million 
meters because our earlier 61 million meters didn't really include our knitted platforms. So 
together, they are about 90 million meters. And both our Home Textile Solutions piece, which 
is our Sheeting vertical part, not the Terry, the Terry is a separate plant, and Fabric Solutions 
verticals will share this capacity. And we will be really allocating capacities between the 2 
verticals from common infrastructure. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood. And have you made any progress in the new businesses, any revenue generation 
from there? Or it is still nascent to talk about? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
So I think we've started revenue generation. It will pick up over the next few quarters, obviously. 
And I estimate that some of our Home Textile revenue streams will taper down, especially on 
the Sheeting front. On the terry front, we'll hopefully continue to see growth going forward, but 
we will have to look at right aligning our portfolio on the Sheeting front and some of those 
capacities will be unleashed for other verticals. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood. And in Yarn Solutions, how much of capacity -- of the current capacity that you 
mentioned would be actually sold externally because that is, in our opinion, faster sustainable 
market as compared to fabric or garmenting? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yes. So I believe that over 90% of our capacities will be placed externally because even today, 
we are not able to fulfill our internal requirements just by our captive plant. So we buy yarn in 
the ordinary course of business anyhow. But we would like to set free that business and make it 
capable of charting its own growth journey. And therefore, a substantial part of its capacities 
will be channeled to external markets. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. And any capex that you would be requiring to do for this conversion? 

 
 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 8 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
We're keeping our capex limited to just maintenance and organic capex requirements, which is 
why I keep saying that all of these things are using our existing campus and infrastructure. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vineet from Axis. 
Avni: 
I'm Avni from Axis AIF. One question is that what is the peak debt that you expect by the end 
of this year? Because the current INR850 crores NCDs that are being raised, you expect it to 
refinance the entire debt or you expect it to add some additional leverage in the books? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
No, our leverage should be range bound, Avni. It's largely only for debt balancing, as I shared 
earlier. So we don't see a lot of incremental movement at all. It should be range bound. And in 
addition to that, we are taking initiatives to strengthen our equity as well which we will be 
sharing with stakeholders at an appropriate time. 
Avni: 
Understood. Understood. Is there a fundraise plan? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
So therefore, all in all, we will see a reduction in net debt by the end of fiscal. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rajeev Mashweri from Raj Investment. . 
Rajeev Mashweri: 
I have a couple of questions. As you mentioned earlier that we may see some fall in the revenue 
in the Home Solutions division. So do we expect this to be made up from the yarns and fabric 
sale within this quarter or next quarter or it will take some more time because what I've observed 
is the sale has been range bound in the INR600 crores to INR700 crores for the last few quarters. 
So do we expect a drawdown in the total? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
That's a good question, Rajiv. So while we go along, we will try to make sure or we are 
attempting to make sure that our revenues are range bound and don't take a knock as such. There 
might be some small movements in -- on the positive or negative side. But since it's a transition 
with moving into various verticals and so on and rightsizing our Sheeting division revenue. 
 
So Home Textile Solutions will correct a little but it's primarily driven by Sheeting. The Terry 
Towel businesses in the Home Textile Solutions will continue to perform. But while we 
undertake this journey, we will hopefully make sure that our new revenue streams compensate 
for any reduction in existing revenue streams. 
Rajeev Mashweri: 
Okay. So regarding the yarns, what is the rough revenue addition for this quarter, maybe a rough 
figure in terms of what's the expectations? Because fabric, I believe you are starting somewhere 
2 quarters down the line. So how is the yarn revenue… 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Fabric has also begun. And our Yarn Solutions has also begun. The Apparel Solutions is what 
we will be starting in the next phase, a couple of quarters down the line. So as we speak, the 
company now operates in 3 verticals: the Home Textile Solutions vertical, the Yarn Solutions 
vertical and the Fabric Solutions vertical, of which the Yarn and Fabric Solutions verticals are 
nascent and are being ramped up as we speak. 
 
I won't be able to specifically comment on what the revenue contribution was during the quarter 
in terms of each of the verticals but what I can tell you is that the overall revenues we are looking 

 
 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 8 
 
at from the Yarn Solutions vertical and the Fabric Solutions vertical are in the region of 
INR1,000 crores each at full capacities. 
Rajeev Mashweri: 
Yes, at INR1,000 crores each, right? So that makes a total of INR2,000 crores? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
That's right. . 
Rajeev Mashweri: 
Okay. And the Apparel division sounds very exciting in terms of the retail and how the consumer 
behavior has been developing of late in the Indian context. So I just wanted to know a little bit 
more about how do you plan to target which are the areas it would be primarily, kids wear, 
menswear, womenswear or what's the plan like if you can throw some more light on the Apparel 
division? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
The Apparel division will be actually positioned to serve a broad cross-section of demand. And 
I'll be happy to share that as we close in on ramping that vertical up. But the Fabric Solutions 
and the Yarn Solutions verticals will also be servicing a broad cross-section of products in that 
domain. And we are excited to be able to service that. So it's a refreshing for us to be operating 
in that space and not be limited to just home textiles. 
 
We believe the home textile space will see pricing challenges going forward, especially on the 
Sheeting front. And we also believe that our new product verticals will offer better pricing power 
and market opportunities for us going forward. So hopefully, Himatsingka will be a transformed 
business model in a year or so, and I'm looking forward to that. 
Rajeev Mashweri: 
So basically, this has been a thought-out effort from our side is to ramp down the Sheeting 
division in order to gain more profitability and sales or this is because of the challenges which 
we facing in the U.S. market has workaround this decision? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yes. We faced market share challenges in the U.S. We faced pricing challenges on account of 
the tariffs. We believe that we have faced concentration challenges. And these are these things 
which we faced during the last fiscal, made us introspect and think about how we'd like to look 
at the future, and this is what we have come up with in terms of direction going forward, and 
this is the areas that Himatsingka 2.0 will operate in. 
Rajeev Mashweri: 
Okay. Just one last question. Have we seen any big pickup due to the FT agreements with the 
U.K. or EU or it's still under process or discussion stage? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Still under process. Sentiments have definitely picked up. But I will add here that in the medium 
term, India will probably become the largest jurisdiction for the company going forward, if not 
the largest, amongst the top 2. So there's a very domestic consumption piece, which we'll be 
tapping into vis-a-vis our new verticals, and that's something that will change our jurisdictional 
profile vis-a-vis revenues. 
Rajeev Mashweri: 
Wishing you all the best in the upcoming verticals going ahead. 
Moderator: 
We'll take that as the last question. And I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you. 

 
 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 8 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thank you very much all of you for your questions. I hope I've answered them to your 
satisfaction. If you'd like to know anything more, do get in touch with us, and we'll be happy to 
take you through your queries. And we look forward to chatting soon. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Elara Securities and Himatsingka Seide Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
