L 
ACUTAAS CHEMICALS LIMITED 
A 
U T 
(Formerly known as Ami Organics Limited) 
CIN No. : L24100GJ2007PLC051093 
You and us: chemistry’s apex 
- 
— 
July 28, 2026 
To, 
To, 
The Corporate Relations Department, 
The Listing Department 
BSE LIMITED, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 5" Floor, Plot no. C-1, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
G-Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Mumbai -400051 
Scrip Code: 543349 
NSE Symbol: ACUTAAS 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call for Q1 FY27 financial results held on July 24, 2026 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 we hereby enclose the transcript of the Earnings conference call held on July 24, 2026 post 
announcement of financial results for the quarter ended on June 30, 2026. 
The same will also be available at the website of Company at www.acutaas.com. 
This is for your information and records. 
Yours faithfully, 
For, ACUTAAS CHEMICALS LIMITED 
CS Ekta Kumari Srivastava 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: As Above 
. +9175730 15366, +91 72279 77744 
Q Registered Office: Plot No. 440/4, 5 & 6, 
¢ info@acutaas.com 
Road No. 82/A, GIDC Sachin, 
# www.acutaas.com 
Dist. Surat 
- 394230, Gujarat, India
EKTA 
KUMARI 
SRIVASTAVA
Digitally signed by 
EKTA KUMARI 
SRIVASTAVA 
Date: 2026.07.28 
14:39:49 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 24, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NARESH PATEL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – ACUTAAS CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
 
MR. ABHISHEK PATEL – PRESIDENT – STRATEGY – 
ACUTAAS CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
 
MR. BHAVIN SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ACUTAAS CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR 
MR. ARCHIT JOSHI – NUVAMA INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                 Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 
July24, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Acutaas Chemicals Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Nuvama Institutional Equities. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Archit Joshi from Nuvama Institutional Equities. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Archit Joshi: 
Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us on Acutaas Chemicals' Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call. Today, we have with us Acutaas Chemicals management represented by Mr. 
Naresh Patel, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Abhishek Patel, President, Strategy and 
Mr. Bhavin Shah, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Bhavin Shah to initiate proceedings. Over to you, sir, and thank 
you. 
Bhavin Shah: 
Thank you, Archit. Good evening, everyone. We are pleased to welcome you all to our earnings 
conference call to discuss Q1 FY '27 financials. Please note that a copy of our disclosure is 
available on the Investors section of our website as well as on the stock exchanges.  
Please do note that anything said on this call which reflects our outlook towards the future or 
which could be construed as forward-looking statement must be reviewed in conjunction with 
the risk that the company faces. The conference call is being recorded and the transcript along 
with the audio of the same will be made available on the website of the company and exchanges. 
 
Please also note that the audio of the conference call is the copyright material of Acutaas 
Chemicals and cannot be copied, rebroadcasted or attributed in press or media without specific 
and written consent of the company. Now I would like to hand over the floor to our CMD, Mr. 
Naresh Patel for his opening statement. Over to you, sir. 
Naresh Patel: 
Thank you, Bhavin. Good evening, everyone. I hope you are all doing well. We began the 
financial year on a turbulent note, driven by geopolitical tensions in the Gulf. While these 
tensions persist, our team has done a commendable work in securing raw material availability 
and ensuring supply continuity.  
The demand environment for our products remains strong as reflected in the quarter's results. 
We continue to see healthy RFP activity across our CDMO and NCE products. And our R&D 
team is working around the clock to service this pipeline on time.  
Within Specialty Chemicals, demand for battery chemicals remain exceptionally strong. I'm 
pleased to share that we have successfully completed the trial run of our battery chemicals plant 
and started commercial supply. Demand here is unprecedented, driven by tight global supply 
and we, therefore, expect a rapid ramp-up over the coming quarters.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                 Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 
July24, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
Let me now turn to semiconductor chemicals. What we are seeing is that AI is starting to push 
CPU demand higher and that's pulling memory chip demand up right along with it. At a time 
when supply is already tight. To us, this isn't the passing phase. It is a structural phase. As more 
of the world adopts AI over the coming years, the appetite for CPUs and memory chip will only 
keep growing. Our ongoing engagement with customers reinforces our conviction that memory 
chip demand will remain strong. Which, in turn, will drive demand for the materials we 
manufacture in BFC, and plan to manufacture at Indichem.  
Turning to our performance for the quarter. We delivered strong revenue of INR329.7 crores, 
which is growth of 59.1% Y-o-Y. This strong performance reflects the agility of our business 
model, our ability to adapt quickly to changing environment and keep delivering the products to 
our customers on time and without compromise. I would also like to complement our team for 
mitigating the logistical challenges through the quarter. 
 
On a different note, I'm delighted to say that we have been certified as a Great Place to Work. 
This recognition means a great deal to us because it reflects the culture our people have built 
together. One of trust, collaboration and genuine pride in what we do. Our team is the engine 
behind everything we achieve. And this certification is proud valuation of their efforts. 
 
I'm equally pleased to report that we have received the Responsible Care certification from the 
Indian Chemical Council. Responsible Care is the chemical industry commitment to the highest 
standard of safety, health and environment performance. And earnings it reaffirms our results -
- resolve to operate responsibly and sustainably even as we grow. 
 
To conclude, we have started the new financial year on a strong note and I remain confident of 
delivering 25% revenue growth for the full year with stable margins. With that, I would now 
like to hand over to our Vice President of Strategy Abhishek Patel. He will walk you through 
the detailed business update. Over to you, Abhishek. 
Abhishek Patel: 
Thank you, Naresh bhai. Good evening, everyone. Let me share some additional insight into our 
business performance for the quarter. Starting with Advanced Pharmaceutical Intermediates 
segment, this segment delivered robust performance with revenue of INR292.7 crores in Q1 FY 
'27, reflecting a strong year-on-year growth of 76.5%. While CDMO grew strongly year-on-year 
as we expected, the core Pharmaceutical Intermediates business also delivered a robust growth. 
This was driven by our top products as well as by a couple of new products that are gaining 
volume traction.  
Moving on to the Specialty Chemicals segment. As communicated on our previous earnings call, 
we are gradually phasing out commodity chemicals from this financial year, replacing them with 
newer higher-margin products. Revenue stood at INR37 crores for this quarter in this segment, 
a decline of 10.6% Y-on-Y. Therefore, even though the BFC business recovered strongly, this 
was offset by decline in commodity chemical business, which is in line with our expectations. 
 
It is worth noting that while overall capacity remains largely unchanged, some minor capex is 
required to align the plant for the new products. As a result, there may be a transition gap between 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                 Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 
July24, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
phasing out of the old product and ramp-up of revenue for new ones. Having said that, we don't 
expect the overall specialty chemical business to decline this full financial year.  
While commodity chemical revenue will keep declining over the coming quarters, we expect 
that to be more than offset by growth in BFC and new revenue from battery chemical as well as 
the new specialty chemical products having better margin. Overall, we are projecting good 
growth in the new age specialty chemical business. 
 
Now turning to the capital expenditures. capex for Q1 FY '27 stood at INR56 crores, out of 
which INR15 crores were at the Indichem site, remaining INR41 crores in ACL site, which is 
primarily diverted towards the battery chemical project at the Jhaghadia site. And then pilot plant 
at our Sachin site and maintenance capex.  
As mentioned on our previous earnings call, we will incur additional capex for a new R&D 
center and for the acquisition of land for further capacity expansion, we will update the market 
once these projects are finalized. With that, I will now hand over our floor to our Chief Financial 
Officer, Bhavin Shah, who will walk you through the detailed financial update. Over to you, 
Bhavin bhai. 
Bhavin Shah: 
Thank you, Abhishek bhai. I would like to briefly highlight the key performance metrics for the 
quarter before we open the floor for questions. Let me start with quarterly performance. Revenue 
from operations for the quarter reached INR329.7 crores, representing 59.1% growth Y-o-Y.  
Gross profit for the quarter was INR190.9 crores, reflecting a 73% increase compared to the 
same period last year. The gross margin expanded by 466 basis points Y-o-Y to 57.9%. Gross 
margin was driven by higher contribution from Pharma Intermediate business compared to same 
period last year. 
 
EBITDA for the quarter was INR113.1 crores, which represents more than twofold increase 
compared to the EBITDA of the same period last year. EBITDA margin were at 34.3%, up 973 
basis points Y-o-Y. EBITDA margin was driven by expansion in gross margin as well as 
operational efficiencies. 
 
PAT for the quarter was INR74.9 crores, up 70.4% Y-o-Y. PAT margins for the quarter were at 
22.7%, which show an expansion of 151 basis points Y-o-Y.  
Moving on to the balance sheet item. Net cash and cash equivalents were around INR314 crores 
as on 30th June 2026. Our working capital for the quarter stands at 99 days versus 91 days in 
Q4 FY '26. This was driven by improvement in debtors and creditors, which was offset by higher 
inventory days. 
 
With that, I request the moderator to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from Abhijit Akella from KIE. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                 Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 
July24, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
Congratulations on a good quarter. First one, just on the battery chemicals business. Are there 
any revenues that we have recognized this quarter? If so, if you could please quantify those? 
And for the balance of this year now, what sort of revenue number can we work with for that 
side of the business? 
Abhishek Patel: 
So as mentioned during commentary by our CMD Naresh Patel, the validation from new plant 
has already been successfully completed, and that means that we have started the supply from 
that plant. Now going forward, quarter-on-quarter from second, third, fourth quarter onwards, it 
will keep on ramping up the production. I'm afraid I will not be able to share the a particular 
number to it, but we are very confident that we will grow very fast in those 2 business because, 
as you know, we have already supply contract in place from our customer, and it will ramp up 
very fast going forward. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay. Got it. And on the semiconductor side, the Indichem plant construction, if you could 
please just help us with a status update on that plant in Korea. What's the time line over there? 
Abhishek Patel: 
So this plant, we are happy to share that this is getting constructed even before the schedules and 
expected to get -- capex is expected to get completed by end of this quarter. And maybe from 
next financial year onwards, we will have the revenue coming up from that plant. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay. Got it. And just the last one from my side. On the Pharma Intermediates piece, is it 
possible to just split out the growth rates between CDMO and the base Advanced Intermediates 
business? And also possible to just split the margin between Pharma Intermediates and Specialty 
Chemicals? 
Abhishek Patel: 
So again, as we mentioned earlier, that we are not giving any split between the CDMO and non-
CDMO in Pharma Intermediates space, we have already guided about the growth in the Pharma 
Intermediates side. So I'm afraid I will not be able to share those numbers on that side. But yes, 
on the margin side for those 2 segments, Bhavin bhai will update on this. 
Bhavin Shah: 
So with regard to margin, our Spec Chem business is having around 24% margin and Pharma 
business is having around 36% margin. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Rikin Shah from Boring Asset Management. 
Rikin Shah: 
Just adding on to the question for Indichem. So once the plant commissions, what would be your 
typical time line in terms of trials, vendor cycle approval and ramp up? Basically, are we 
expecting any sort of delay or time to be dedicated for this? 
Abhishek Patel: 
So as you know, this is a newly constructed plant. The R&D facility has already commissioned 
there, and we have started product development from the R&D side. So I think this will reduce 
our time lines to commercialize the product. But obviously, because it's a new product, we are 
not committing any time line as of now. But what -- as I said, we are expecting this to get into a 
good commercial business from next financial year onwards. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                 Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 
July24, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Rikin Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And in terms of the type of products that we manufacture in Indichem, what is 
something that we are going to be doing here apart from photoresist chemicals that we do for 
BFC? Or are we going to be targeting a similar line of products here? 
Abhishek Patel: 
So there are -- of course, there are photoresist chemicals, what we would be doing, but there are 
multiple projects we are working on Indichem R&D as of now, but I'm afraid I will not be able 
to share details about those things as of now. 
Rikin Shah: 
Sure. In our electrolyte subsidiary, we have sort of had a dilution and given 10% stake to ARZ. 
Can you explain the sort of rationale here? And what are we thinking, broader term, for this? 
Abhishek Patel: 
So this is basically we awarding our business partner, their equity share, which was decided 
earlier only. This is the one -- the partner is one who actually has been there with us since the 
starting of this business, when we started with the product development and then the marketing 
of all those. So he is the one who will be -- who has been responsible for the whole business 
development as well as the future business development and the sales for all our electrolyte 
additive products and against which we have given them the equity share in that business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Nilesh Ghuge from HDFC Securities. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. First question to Bhavin. Bhavin, if you look at the 
employee cost, it is continuously going up. So what number we should take for our, let's say, FY 
'28 as far as the employee cost is concerned? 
Bhavin Shah: 
So employee cost, if you see typically, so this quarter, we have rolled out our annual increments 
and there is -- there are performance bonuses also given. So there are onetime performance bonus 
for the current year is also there in this year. We should typically look at around INR150 crores 
of employee cost for the current year. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Okay. And second question to Abhishek. Abhishek, last quarter you mentioned that the Phase 2 
will be commissioned in FY '27 -- Q1 FY '27 in the electrolyte business. So what is the current 
status of that? 
Abhishek Patel: 
So for the Phase 2 of this -- Phase 2, which is for the third product of our Electrolyte Additives 
segment, which is going on schedule. And as we mentioned earlier also by end of Q2 FY '27, 
we would be completing our capex. So that looks very well on track, and we are expecting the 
trial runs to commission very soon. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
And I think for this product 3 you're talking about, for that also, there has been already a tie-up 
with the customer, similar to for our... 
Abhishek Patel: 
We have a signed contract in place. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Okay. So ramp-up will be very fast. I mean in FY '28, we will see ramp-up from -- not only from 
first 2 products, but the third one also? Is my understanding correct? 
Abhishek Patel: 
Yes. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                 Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 
July24, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Akshay from AK Investment. 
Akshay: 
First of all, congratulations on the great set of numbers. Sir, how do we look at the EBITDA 
margin for the current financial year? 
Abhishek Patel: 
For current financial year, for the full year, as we guided during the commentary also, we are 
expecting a similar kind of margin as we had for full year FY '26. 
Akshay: 
Okay sir. My questions have been answered. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vikas Angude from Paras Asset Management. Please go 
ahead. We seem to have lost the line for Vikas. We'll take the next question. The next question 
is from Jason Soans from IDBI Capital. 
Jason Soans: 
Sir, first question, just I just wanted to know, I mean, we have had a good profit growth trajectory 
after Q4, even Q1 has been good. But you did allude to some caution regarding to the Middle 
East crisis and in terms of raw material supply and stuff like that. So just wanted to know our 
profit growth trajectory, 25% revenue growth. Do you see any moderation going ahead with our 
CDMO in other growth areas? Or are they still on track to post good growth? Or do you see 
some moderation or some optimism tempered going ahead into '27 for the whole year? 
Abhishek Patel: 
We are still very much confident to deliver 25% growth rate for the revenue as confirmed by the 
CMD also. And for the margin side also, again, I want to reaffirm that we are confident to 
achieve similar margins as compared to last financial year. 
Jason Soans: 
Sure, sir. And sir, for this year, what is the capex estimated for '27 and '28? If you could give 
me, kind of, breakup also, if possible for '27 and '28, what kind of capex are we looking at? 
Abhishek Patel: 
For FY '27, capex is largely the spillover capex of electrolyte additives as well as the pilot plant 
capex, which is around INR50 crores and around INR40 to INR45 crores of maintenance capex, 
that is what the already planned capex for this year. Over and above, as I mentioned during my 
commentary that we are going to have R&D capex also and the land acquisition for our future 
expansion for our Pharma business or any other business. But for those 2 projects, we are yet to 
announce that capex. We will announce it at a relevant time when the full capex plan is in place. 
Jason Soans: 
Okay. Sure, sir. Sir, this land acquisition still would be for what exactly? I mean, I know we are 
still firming up the plans, but what exactly would the purpose of this land acquisition be? 
Abhishek Patel: 
For our Pharma Intermediate business, Sachin plant is already hitting the capacity utilization 
roof. And the Ankleshwar plant is expected to get filled up in 3 years' time, maybe by FY '28. 
So we should be ready with some land parcel, which -- where we can have a new plant for our 
future capacity need, as well as the newer project for our chemical business. That's the reason. 
We don't have any much larger piece of land. That's why we are seeking some additional land 
parcel. 
Jason Soans: 
Okay. Okay, sure. And sir, also when you mentioned that you are phasing out the commodity 
chemicals and basically replacing with high-margin chemicals, that is basically only for the Spec 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                 Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 
July24, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Chem business or I believe in the Pharma Intermediates piece in the other piece, in the core 
product side also, you're doing the same strategy. Could you just give some color on that? 
Abhishek Patel: 
If you go through our commentary last year, we have already done with the similar exercise for 
our Pharma Intermediates business last financial year FY '26. And now for this year, FY '27, we 
are doing some of the restructuring in our old commodity chemical portfolio. So that Pharma 
Intermediates is already done in last financial year. 
Jason Soans: 
Okay. So Pharma Intermediates, that rationalization is over. Now it moves to the Spec Chem 
side of the business. So that will also basically drive margins improve margins ahead, improve 
margins going ahead. Okay that’s all from my side. Thank You! 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Abhigyan Srivastav from Marcellus Investment Managers. 
Abhigyan Srivastav: 
Congratulations on the great set of results. Sir, there's a dip in other income this quarter, from 
around INR11 crores in the previous quarter to around INR1.8 crores in this quarter. Is there a 
particular reason for that? 
Bhavin Shah: 
So Abhigyan, in previous quarter, it was largely driven by positive exchange fluctuation rate 
available with regard to euro. So in current quarter, we have only positive fluctuation of INR10 
lakhs as compared to INR10 crores in the previous quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Juhi Kumari from Narnolia Financial Services. 
Juhi Kumari: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. I had -- my first question is, other expenses like for this 
quarter has been in line with the previous quarters or has been moderated. So what would you 
give as a guidance for the rest of the FY '27 other expenses line? 
Bhavin Shah: 
So with regard to other expense, it is in line with the previous quarters. We have seen some 
savings due to our solar project. We have also seen operational efficiencies. So whatever the 
expense for the quarter, we are looking the similar kind of expense for the rest of the year. 
Juhi Kumari: 
And next question from my side would be regarding the EBITDA margin, which has expanded 
sharply to 34.3% in this quarter. So you have given guidance for 25% margins for FY '27. So do 
we expect to exceed this margin with this kind of run rate in the first quarter? 
Abhishek Patel: 
The 25% figure is coming from our guidance related to revenue growth. And for the margin, we 
have guided that it will be in a similar line, which was for full year FY '26. So that will be 
reflected maybe around a similar line in FY '27 as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Archit Joshi from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sir, I have 2 questions, slightly more strategic. Firstly, we've seen quite a few plants of the 
electrolyte salts, electrolytes, cathodes coming in recently. And given that we have made some 
inroads starting with the additives, have you given it a thought that there are export opportunities 
available that we should maybe go a bit more into the value chain to start up with salts, 
electrolytes. What are your thoughts on that, if you can help us with that? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                 Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 
July24, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Abhishek Patel: 
No, no, we do not have any plan for those -- business related to either electrolyte solution or the 
LiPF. We are sticking to the electrolyte additive segment only. That is our core strength. We 
want to stick to our strength only. We don't just want to get into other people's shoes. 
Archit Joshi: 
Understood. Understood. Sir, secondly, you've known the developments and solid growth that 
we are doing in CDMO. Sir, if you can explain what are the things that we are doing to get some 
of these larger available APIs from a business development perspective or development of 
chemistries? 
 
And if there is anything in the pipeline or anything that we are exploring to sustain the growth 
momentum, even though we have right now for the forthcoming quarters and maybe a few more 
years. But how would that CDMO journey be if I have to make a, let's say, 5- to 7-year 
assessment of how our growth trajectory will be? 
Abhishek Patel: 
So we will not be able to share any particular details about any particular projects or CDMO 
business. But what we can assure is we are doing a lot of work related to newer projects. There 
is a healthy pipeline of products for R&D, and there are various stage of R&D as well as the 
validation and some of the projects already we have mentioned that a few projects have already 
validated and there are many more to come. 
 
So there's the kind of normal day-in, day-out job for both our business development as well as 
the R&D team. And what I can assure you is that we have a very good healthy pipeline for the 
product in the CDMO space. But due to confidentiality nature of those businesses with the 
customer, we -- under those agreements, we will not be able to share that particular detail about 
that business. 
Archit Joshi: 
No, no, of course, sir, I was not meaning to go into the confidentiality sort of things. Not the 
exact details, but just to get a sense of maybe, let's say, what kind of therapeutic areas we are 
looking at or any particular or a few chemistries that we target where we have some leverage or 
rather how are we getting the inquiries from the customers? A qualitative aspect of that will also 
be very helpful to understand. That would be my last question? 
Abhishek Patel: 
Let me give you -- let me address your question other way around. Let's say, we have already 
guided the market that we would be hitting INR1,000 crores revenue from our CDMO business. 
That is based on our confidence and looking at our upcoming product pipeline for our CDMO 
business. And we are very much confident to not only achieve this target. And in fact, we are 
confident to beat this target. So that is what I can at least give you assurance on this business 
side. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sure, sir. I was actually -- while we know that given that the molecule itself is a very high growth 
engine, I was slightly speaking something beyond that, the other pipeline, if you could 
qualitatively help us, on those accounts, not the one that we already know of which you have 
very well guided in the past? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                 Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 
July24, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Abhishek Patel: 
So that, when we see the CDMO business, it's not only that particular product. It's a mix of 
products along -- obviously, that product is an anchor product, but there are other CDMO 
products based on which we are -- consolidated revenue for CDMO, that is what we are guiding. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Shreya Banthia from Oaklane Capital Management. 
Shreya Banthia: 
Congratulations for the great set of numbers. I wanted to understand from the standpoint of 
darolutamide. So since there are new indications that are being currently under trial, which 
according to the report suggests that it will double the addressable patient pool. So does it also 
double the revenue opportunity for NUBEQA? That would be my first question -- any indicator 
from the innovator? 
Abhishek Patel: 
So it will be difficult for us to comment on our customers' pipeline and the research indication, 
research work. But what I can reassure that we are confident on our business. And as I said, we 
are confident on our -- whatever the guidance we have given for our CDMO business. 
Shreya Banthia: 
Understood, sir. Sir, just if I can ask related to this, Bayer has improved their revenue target to -
- which would be somewhere around EUR 5 billion. So does it include these -- Any sense on 
that, sir? 
Abhishek Patel: 
As I mentioned, see, we are guided by customers' purchase order for the year as well as the 
revenue expectation they will give. We are not guided by the market expectation or whatever 
the buyer would have propagated in the market. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Rohit Nagraj from 360 ONE Capital. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Congrats on a strong set of numbers. First one on the battery chemicals front. So you said that 
we have contracted out the capacities. In terms of customers, is it a single customer or multiple 
customers and which geographies are we going to cater to? 
Abhishek Patel: 
So it's not driven by single customer. There are multiple customers. We have time to time shared 
that we have a number of customers already in place for both VC and FEC. And they are 
geography -- in terms of geography, they are based in North America also, they are based in 
Korea also and other part of the world. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. And if we are commissioning -- I mean, we have commissioned the plant now and the 
ramp-up will happen subsequently in the next few quarters. Can we expect that we will hit the 
peak revenue potential by, say, FY '29? 
Abhishek Patel: 
Yes. We have already guided that it's in 3 years' time, it should hit our full capacity utilization, 
and we are more than confident to achieve that target. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
And we are now looking at the third product commercialization. Beyond that, how many -- are 
there any more products which are in pipeline? And as and when we find the commercial 
viability, what could be the gestation period to commercialize or put up the capex and 
commission the project? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                 Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 
July24, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Abhishek Patel: 
So after this third product, product has already been developed and now we are in the final stage 
of signing a long-term supply contract with the customer. Once that gets completed, based on 
the customer quantity requirement, we will plan and announce the capex for the fourth product. 
 
Apart from that, we have many other products which are already developed by our R&D and 
which are in the stage of business development. And once those product gets done with the 
business development part, we will announce those thing and the capex related to that. So we 
have versatile large pool of basket in the product pipeline so that it will keep on growing our 
electrolyte additive business in future also apart from first 2 products. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. And second question is on the semicon side. So here too, for the initial set of capex and 
products that we are targeting, are we completely sold out and the same trajectory would 
replicate here that within a period of, say, 3 years after commercialization, we'll hit the peak run 
rate? 
Abhishek Patel: 
As of now, as I mentioned, product development and business development work has already 
started with the commissioning of the R&D facility. It will be a slow start because it's a new 
business, but maybe in 3 to 4 years' time, we should be able to fill up our full capacity at 
Indichem. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Krishna Yoga from Family Fund. 
Krishna Yoga: 
So my question is very specific on the molecules. I know you don't want to reveal such specific 
molecules. It's related to Johnson & Johnson and CAPLYTA. In previous calls, you mentioned 
about it. So what is the status on that particular molecule? 
Abhishek Patel: 
Sorry, your voice is a little not clear. Can you come again? 
Krishna Yoga: 
Am I clear now? 
Abhishek Patel: 
Yes. A little. 
Krishna Yoga: 
Sir, actually, my question is specifically on the product. Of course, I don't want to mention the 
name also. The molecule, which is from Johnson & Johnson and CAPLYTA, in the previous 
calls, you mentioned about it. So what is the status on that particular molecule as of now? 
Nareshkumar Patel: 
So I'm giving the answer for that. That product, we don't deal with the Johnson & Johnson. We 
have a generic... 
Krishna Yoga: 
Yes, other key partners. 
Naresh Patel: 
Yes. So that we already qualified with them. DMF is already filed and now we are waiting for 
the launching of the same product. 
Krishna Yoga: 
Okay. And what is the current status about the apixaban? Because apixaban is going to expire -
- the patent expiry in 2026, and next one is 2027. So are we ready for the next -- I mean our 
capacity is sufficient to fulfill that demand in the upcoming years? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                 Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 
July24, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Abhishek Patel: 
Yes. That product has already started picking up for us, and we have a sufficient capacity to 
cater that demand for that product. 
Krishna Yoga: 
Okay. So another question, what is the status of the capacity utilization of the all 3 plants? 
Abhishek Patel: 
Okay. For the capacity utilization for the Sachin unit, the capacity is 83%. For Unit 2 at 
Ankleshwar, it is 23% and at Unit 3 Jhagadia, 55% for the quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from CA Nupur Kokta from NIPL. Please go ahead. 
Nupur Kokta: 
Sir thank you for the opportunity. My first question is like we had four validated CDMO 
products, which were expected to start contributing to revenue this year. Could you share the 
specific time lines and commercial ramp-up curve for these products? And also additionally, 
like we have a CDMO revenue target of INR1,000 crores maybe by FY '28. So what percentage 
of this target is backed currently? Like do we have offtake contracts or long-term supply 
agreements or any pipeline opportunities for these CDMO products? 
Abhishek Patel: 
For these products, we have already mentioned that these are already validated products. And 
with regulatory approval in place, we are expecting revenue to kick in from H2 FY '27 onwards. 
And on a revenue potential side, these all products are expected to generate revenue between 
INR50 crores to INR100 crores for each year at a peak. 
Nupur Kokta: 
Okay. My second question is, when do we expect our commercial revenue recognition to begin 
from the electrolyte additive capacity that we inaugurated this year? 
Abhishek Patel: 
We have -- the revenue has already started. As we mentioned, we have done with the validation 
batches -- sorry, trial batches from that plant. 
Nupur Kokta: 
Okay. So like trial revenues are done and the products are to be commercialized very soon. So 
commercial revenue would begin soon, right? 
Abhishek Patel: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Rikin Shah from Boring Asset Management. 
Rikin Shah: 
It's perhaps adding on to an earlier participant's question on expanding our sort of pipeline, which 
I think you have answered. But if I can perhaps add on to that part, maybe you can help us 
understand what is Acutaas today doing in terms of targeting new modalities, therapies, R&D 
with the new pilot plant at Sachin that you will be happy with the CDMO sort of pipeline 
expanding in a very meaningful manner over the next 2 to 3 years so that we are not prone to an 
anchor product in the CDMO basket? 
Abhishek Patel: 
Okay. I'll let Naresh bhai come in to answer this question. 
Naresh Patel: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Thank you, Rikin bhai. So basically, Acutaas is highly focused on 
different segment and this clinical research molecule and CDMO segment is also vital for us. 
And we are continuously getting a lot of traction. Our BD team is doing excellent job. And in 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                 Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 
July24, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
our core chemistry strength, we are getting a lot of inquiries, and we have converted this inquiry 
into the commercial samples as well.  
So it's not a one way or it is not a stop kind of thing, but it's a continuous process. So annually, 
we are developing around 30, 40 molecules and submitting to the different customer at a 
different level of investigation or I can say the innovation. So it is continuous. And out of that, 
some are moved to the second phase, third phase, fourth phase like that way. So it is a continuous 
process for us. And we are adding molecule every year, 30, 40 molecules in this basket.  
Are you there, Rikin? 
Moderator: 
We've lost the line for Rikin. We'll take the next question. The next question is from Jason Soans 
from IDBI Capital. 
Jason Soans: 
Sir, just -- I mean, in terms of battery chemicals, I just wanted to know, I understand that you 
have long-term contracts for VC, FEC. So just -- I mean, I understand the revenue and all you're 
not -- but probably some ballpark or something you would like to share for 2 to 3 years, how -- 
just it will give us an idea of how it can scale up because battery chemicals is quite in a growth 
phase right now, right, and it's really doing well. So just if you could give us a ballpark number 
or something just to get an idea of how this business will shape up going ahead? 
Abhishek Patel: 
So for Battery chemical business, what I can say is we have already plant in place for the 
manufacturing. And this business, let me assure that this business is not constrained by the 
demand in the market. There is a huge demand available. It is constrained by our plant capacity.  
So you know that the plant, we have a capacity of 2,000 metric tons for VC and 2,000 metric 
tons for FEC. So it's a total 4,000 metric ton capacity and for which we are more than confident 
that we will be able to hit the full capacity utilization by end of 3 years. So that's a kind of ramp-
up. 
 
And how the pricing are there in the market. So you can easily calculate the revenue potential at 
least from these 2 products only. And apart from that, we have a third product already signed 
with the customer, and the fourth product is in the pipeline and there are many more to come, 
but this is how you can work out the ramp-up in this business. 
Jason Soans: 
Okay. Sure, sir. And sir, one question, I just wanted to know, I mean, of course, I know early 
days in Indichem. But sir, just wanted to know, I mean, in terms of margin profile in the 
Indichem product, will it be similar to our -- the API business or it will sit somewhere between 
the Specialty Chemicals and API business? Just some color on that? 
Abhishek Patel: 
For the margin profile of Indichem business, I think you should not look at the API -- Pharma 
Intermediate business margin, but you should benchmark it with our BFC product or the business 
margin. It is very preliminary to give any number on this, but because it is a similar kind of -- 
even better product portfolio than what we are used to manufacture at BFC. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                 Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 
July24, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Jason Soans: 
Sure. So any ballpark, sir, would you want to give on that on a steady-state basis, what will it 
be? 
Abhishek Patel: 
It is still premature as of now to give any number on this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Manav Kapasi from Antique. 
Manav Kapasi: 
Am I audible? 
Abhishek Patel: 
Yes. 
Manav Kapasi: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, my question was more on a broader view, given 
that our battery chemical efforts will soon bear fruit and also the Indichem plant will start 
contributing to revenues maybe next year or FY '29. Where do you see our overall revenue mix 
going from the FY'26? Do we see the Spec Chem business contributing a little more as compared 
to now? Or do we still anchor on the Pharma Intermediates business in the next 3 to 5 years? 
Abhishek Patel: 
That's a good question. So as you know, last financial year, our total revenue from Pharma 
Intermediate business were 87% of the total revenue and 13% was the Spec Chem business. And 
from here onwards, because of these 2 growth engines related to electrolyte additive and the 
semiconductor business, it will grow very fast. But you also know that the CDMO business is 
also at this base revenue, it is growing -- expected to grow faster -- even faster. But net-net, we 
can expect that this revenue composition should come down to around maybe 80% from 87% in 
next 3 years' time. 
Manav Kapasi: 
Got it. Sir, that is helpful. Additionally, sir, given that we are phasing out the commodity grade 
chemicals in the Spec Chem business and the new products which will come up from Indichem 
as well as the battery chemicals, which will have better margins. Do you see Spec Chem margins 
moving up, which will also, in turn, give us a push on our overall consol margin. So question 
being where do we see margins, let's say, 3 to 5 years down the line, do we see them 
meaningfully improving from my FY '26 number? 
Abhishek Patel: 
You know that margin -- overall margin of the company is a function of the product mix. As I 
mentioned, CDMO business contribution is increasing in the overall pie of the business in the 
Pharma Intermediates business. But similarly, meanwhile, battery business is also going to fire 
from this year onwards and which has a lower margin as compared to the Pharma Intermediates 
or CDMO business. So that's the reason we are -- net-net, we are targeting that the overall 
EBITDA margin should be similar as compared to what it was last year, even at a higher revenue 
base also. 
Manav Kapasi: 
Got it. But from a more 5-year perspective, do we see it meaningfully improving considering 
that all of our commodity grades would have been phased out even in the Pharma business, even 
in the Spec Chem business. 4, 5 years out, do we see margins at similar levels? Or would there 
be a 200, 300 bps improvement from these levels? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                 Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 
July24, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Abhishek Patel: 
So as of now, I will not be able to guide you related to 5 years margin. But as I mentioned, it 
will be a function of the product mix between Pharma Intermediate, which is particularly CDMO 
as well as the newer business like battery and semiconductor. So obviously, it will depend on 
how fast the ramping up happens with respect to battery as well as the -- sorry, semiconductor 
business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Tirumala Reddy who's an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Tirumala Reddy: 
Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Tirumala Reddy: 
So my question is around the CDMO business, Pharma Intermediates. So with respect to the 
concentration risk, so I think currently, majority of the business is coming from very few 
molecules now. So going forward, how are we going to address this molecule risk or customer 
risk? 
Abhishek Patel: 
So as Naresh bhai already mentioned, we have -- we are working on multiple projects. And every 
year, there are a number of projects are coming in the R&D pipeline. And slowly, slowly, it will 
derisk our revenue concentration for the single product also. You know that by nature, we have 
been -- always been a very diversified company, both in terms of product as well as the customer. 
And because of the very fast ramp-up in this particular product, the revenue concentration moved 
towards that product. But obviously, it will get diluted over the years once the new CDMO and 
other products keep on adding to the basket. 
Tirumala Reddy: 
Yes. So -- and my next question is about forward integration. So as we are very well placed on 
Advanced Intermediates. Is there any plan to move forward to APIs? Or are there any queries 
from customers for asking API development and manufacturing as well? 
Abhishek Patel: 
Yes, we received so many inquiries or requests from the customer. But as we mentioned multiple 
times in early discussions as well, we do not have any plan move to the upward in the value 
chain. We do not compete our customer. That's our policy, and we would like to stick to it. 
Moderator: 
We'll take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management team for closing comments. 
Naresh Patel: 
Thank you, Nuvama team for hosting our conference call. We appreciate everyone's questions 
and hope we have addressed most of your queries. If we missed any of your questions, please 
reach out to our Investor Relations team, and we will get back to you promptly. Once again, 
thank you very much, and happy weekend to all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Nuvama Institutional Equities, that concludes the 
conference. Thank you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
