 
 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
BSE Limited 
Listing Compliance Department 
 
 
Corporate Relations Department 
“Exchange Plaza” 
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra – Kurla Complex 
 
 
 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 001 
NSE Symbol: ARE&M 
 
 
 
BSE SCRIP CODE: 500008 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call - Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
With reference to our letter dated August 6, 2026, the transcript of the Earnings call held on August 
11, 2026, is enclosed herewith and the same is also available on the website of the Company at: 
https://www.amararajaeandm.com/investors/Earnings-calls  
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thank you 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Amara Raja Energy & Mobility Limited 
 
 
 
Vikas Sabharwal 
Company Secretary  
& General Counsel 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VIKAS 
SABHARW
AL
Digitally signed 
by VIKAS 
SABHARWAL 
Date: 2026.08.14 
18:16:06 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Amara Raja Energy and Mobility Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. Y DELLI BABU – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
AMARA RAJA ENERGY AND MOBILITY LIMITED 
 
MS. SWAJITHA RAPETI – HEAD, CORPORATE FINANCE 
– AMARA RAJA ENERGY AND MOBILITY LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. JAY KALE – ELARA SECURITIES PRIVATE 
LIMITED 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy and Mobility Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Amara Raja Energy and Mobility Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Elara Securities Private Limited. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jay Kale from Elara Securities Private Limited. Thank 
you, and over to you. 
Jay Kale: 
Yes. Good evening, everyone. And on behalf of Elara Securities, we welcome you to the Q1 
FY27 earnings conference call of Amara Raja Energy & Mobility Limited. On behalf of the 
management, we have with us today Mr. Y. Delli Babu, Chief Financial Officer; and Ms. 
Swajitha Rapeti, Head, Corporate Finance.  
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Delli Babu for his opening remarks. Over to you, 
sir. 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Swajitha, you can go ahead with the opening remarks, please. Yes. 
Swajitha Rapeti: 
Good evening, everyone. Thanks for joining the call. Maybe I'll give a brief about the Q1 
performance first, and then we can move on to the Q&A session. For the quarter ended June 
30th, 2026, we have achieved a robust growth of around 24% on consolidated basis with revenue 
of around INR4,215 crores, with about 95% of the revenue coming from lead acid business, 
which grew by around 22%. The new energy business grew by more than 70%, recording a 
revenue of around INR209 crores. Our revenue growth has remained strong, driven by sustained 
volume momentum in both aftermarket and OEM segments. 
 
We continue to strengthen and deepen our market position in automotive and home energy 
sector. Four-wheeler and two-wheeler aftermarket volumes have grown by around 15%, and 
OEM segments continue to retain the volume growth momentum of around 24% in 4-wheelers 
and more than 35% in 2-wheelers on Y-o-Y basis. Further, we also delivered growth of more 
than 60% in home energy business, both on the tubular batteries and home EPS. During the 
current quarter, our tubular manufacturing plant operated at 100% capacity However, we 
continue to supply traded batteries also for meeting the excess demand. 
 
The trading revenue in the current quarter stood at around 15% of the lead acid battery revenue. 
Our automotive international revenue degrew by around 20% owing to significant volume drop 
in the Middle East market. We are expecting to recover these volumes in these markets in the 
subsequent quarters. The revenue from industry lead acid battery business grew by around 2% 
on Y-o-Y basis. The volumes in UPS batteries have grown by around 10%, though the telecom 
lead acid batteries continue to degrow due to its migration to lithium-ion sector. 
 
Lithium-ion telecom volumes grew by around 50%, and during the quarter on a combined basis, 
we maintained market share of over 60% in telecom segment. New Energy business during Q1 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy and Mobility Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
continued to deliver strong performance with revenue growth supported by increased demand 
for telecom packs and 3-wheeler packs. Both EV and telecom packs have demonstrated volume 
growth of more than 50% on Y-o-Y basis. Further, we are happy to share that we have 
inaugurated our customer qualification plant with multi-form and multi-chemistry capability in 
July ‘26. 
 
E Positive facility, which is our research facility, is also expected to commence operations in the 
current quarter. Both the first giga cell and BESS 10-gigawatt-hour factory are on track and 
expected to commence operations as per the timelines indicated earlier. During Q1, the 
standalone EBITDA margin is around 10.1% and consolidated margin stood at 9.6%. The 
margins were impacted during the current quarter due to elevated material costs, increased 
spending on brand promotions, and strategic initiatives, namely Amaron Assist and Factory of 
the Future. 
 
Considering our long-term plans to strengthen our market position at strategic level, we made 
couple of long-term investments in our manufacturing excellence, organizational capability, and 
in our brand promotion. The moderation of Q1 operating margins at standalone level reflects 
these investments. As communicated in our earlier earning calls, we have launched Amaron 
Assist during Q1 FY27 in Hyderabad, a pilot project focused on providing automotive services 
to B2C segment, deepening our customer engagement. 
 
Based on the learnings from the pilot, we will formulate a long-term plan on the service business 
model. Further, to strengthen our market presence in B2C segment and improving our brand 
equity across all product segments, we've invested in brand presence during various events 
including IPL, which also led to some moderation in the margins during the current quarter. The 
other reason that contributed to margin dilution is on account of expenses incurred for improving 
our manufacturing excellence by way of capacity enhancement in our existing automotive 
plants. These costs will add to the manufacturing competitiveness in near future.  
Higher expenses on these strategic initiatives during the quarter led to a margin moderation of 
around 0.9%. The other important aspect which also led to the moderation in profitability is a 
significant increase in the procurement costs of alloy, sulfuric acid, and poly. We did see some 
price increase during Q4 FY26. However, subsequently also the procurement cost for sulfuric 
acid and poly have risen substantially during the quarter. 
 
To absorb these costs, we took further price increase of around 3% in June, which helped offset 
a portion of these cost pressures, although not entirely. Additional price increases of around 2% 
to 3% will be rolled out during the current month. The above raw material price increases also 
led to increase in warranty provision and further incremental costs during the quarter led to some 
margin dilution. At consolidated level, the margins are lower by around 0.5%, which is around 
9.6%, which is primarily due to the additional cost at new energy business towards our upcoming 
Giga 1 plant and BESS plant. 
 
And during FY27, we estimate to spend around INR1,700 crores towards our capex project with 
major outlay towards the new energy business of around INR1,300 crores and rest of it towards 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy and Mobility Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
the lead acid business including recycling capex. This capex outlay is majorly towards our 
upcoming Giga 1 plant which is expected to commercialize during H1 FY28, and towards other 
projects including the 10-gigawatt hour and E Positive plant. Out of the planned INR1,700 capex 
outlay, during Q1 FY27, we have spent around INR450 crores, with major outlays towards new 
energy business. 
 
We also like to inform you that on July 18, 2026, Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board 
revoked the closure order issued against the company on April 30, 2021, and the company has 
withdrawn the writ petition filed before the Honorable High Court of Andhra Pradesh. 
 
So, with this, now we can move on to the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is on the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. 
Kapil Singh: 
Yes. Just on the, you know, gross margins, wanted to understand when the -- what are the price 
hikes we have taken in Q1? And, you know, what kind of cost pressures we are facing now. 
Have we been able to recover most of the cost pressures? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
See, as mentioned by Swajitha, we have taken price increase of around 3% in Q1, and then, with 
the kind of jump that we are seeing in some of these raw materials, they could not offset it fully. 
Additionally, this quarter we will be taking around 2% to 3% further price hikes on across 
product segments. So if the current prices were to stay where they are, this might be sufficient. 
But we are continuously seeing increasing trends particularly on the poly side and sulfuric acid 
and also some of the alloys like tin, etcetera, are showing further tendency to increase. 
 
But we have to wait and see how those price levels will prevail and take those decisions 
regarding price at an appropriate time. The price hikes in B2B segment will get delayed because 
these negotiations have to happen with various B2B customers. To that extent, there could be an 
impact that we may have to see. But most likely we should be able to pull this back if not fully 
in Q2, in the next quarter we should be able to do it. 
Kapil Singh: 
And on the other expenses also, are there any items which we can say are non-recurring? 
Because, you know, other expenses growth has been higher than the revenue growth. So just 
trying to understand that. 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes, again, as explained by Swajitha already in the call, some of those initiatives, particularly 
on the brand promotion, will continue for some but I'm sure over the next couple of quarters 
they will come back to their normal levels. And also the provisioning that I need to do for 
warranty when the underlying product costs increase, I also need to carry those provisions for 
the entire unexpired population. So that also kind of becomes a one-time hit on the P&L. If the 
freight costs, the fuel costs were to persist from here also, again, with the geopolitical issues, 
then that cost is something might recur in the next quarter as well. 
 
Beyond that, the other costs are all in line with the volume that has gone up because of substantial 
tubular volumes that what we have seen in the last quarter, because they are bigger batteries, we 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy and Mobility Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
need to incur higher freight costs. So rest of the costs are growing in line with the volume 
throughput enhanced during the last quarter. 
Kapil Singh: 
Yes. And just one question I had on the BESS business as well. If you could just outline, you 
know, what kind of asset turns we can expect and what kind of capex requirement will be there 
and, you know, margins in what band will be there. You know, there is heightened competitive 
intensity also, it seems, in this segment. So if you could just talk of, you know, what will be our 
competitive advantages here. How you are thinking about it? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes, see, the initial capital outlay for the BESS project could be in the range of, INR250 to 
INR300 crores, and its capacity will be around 10 gigawatt-hour. So, with the current day's price 
at the containerized solution level could be anywhere between USD100 to USD120. So asset 
terms-wise, it will be, definitely higher.  
But operating margin-wise, it might mimic the way the current pack business is doing. So around 
5%-6% or 6%-7% kind of level. But as we localize more and more components, the margin 
profile might change a bit. But still, it will continue to have that kind of operating margin levels 
of about --- at BESS, margin could be around 7%-8%. And the conservative margin could be 
around 5%-6% could be the possibility.  
As far as competitive intensity is concerned, I think this project should also, over a period of 
time, help us bring the cell production into the country. And I'm sure in line with the 
government's support as well in terms of localizing the supply chain for these BESS systems, it 
would augur well for us to establish that customer relationships for all these products, and 
eventually leading to our own cell localization required for this BESS, this program.  
So we have to think long term and I'm sure this increased demand in energy storage requirements 
in the country, not only at the grid level but also at the C&I level, will definitely help fill this 
capacity and then we should also feed in well for our cell program expansion. 
Kapil Singh: 
So this will be LFP, right? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes, it will be an LFP. Right now people use 314 Ah cell and there can be suitable modifications 
in future. Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vibhav Zutshi from JPMorgan. 
Vibhav Zutshi: 
Yes. Just going a bit deeper into this other expenses, and the 0.9% hit which you called out, 
which is around INR35 crores, can you just provide a broad split between, you know, these cost 
for the brand presence, warranty, freight, and the manufacturing processes? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes, I think overall number is already given. It is split between the brand promotion activities 
and the Amaron Assist pilot project, and also some of the Factory of the Future, that is basically 
enhancing the throughput across our manufacturing plants where we are doing certain initiatives. 
From an accounting parlance, though the throughput is enhanced I cannot capitalize them. I need 
to treat them as revenue expenditure. So those are the 3 major initiatives which have caused a 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy and Mobility Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
higher increase in the expenses, apart from the warranty expenses provisioning that I have told, 
and also other power and freight-related expenses owing to the volume increase what we have 
seen in the last quarter. 
Vibhav Zutshi: 
Okay, okay, got it. So just a broader question, just a follow-up here. I mean, in the last few years, 
are other expenses as percentages, percentage of sales used to be somewhere around 12.5%. This 
has been, you know, going up, and obviously there have been multiple cost increases including 
power and fuel as well. So I mean, where do we see this stabilizing, say over the, you know, 
next few quarters? Can this come down to 13%, or I mean, should we expect some elevation? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes, because see, some of these initiatives are big ticket items. Once we stabilize our promotion 
expense and all these, debottlenecking expenses we are incurring on the capex. I think we will 
see a reducing trend, but there are a couple of expenditures like freight because of the higher 
fuel costs that we are currently having, and also the warranty expenses because of higher raw 
material cost that what we are seeing. These things will come down only when the bottom cost 
drivers actually come under control. 
 
But otherwise, the other expenses what we are looking at, whether it in terms of employee cost 
or admin expenses, etcetera, they will continue to be under moderation as we go ahead. But these 
exceptional items which I am seeing now will get reduced once these projects are fully done. 
Vibhav Zutshi: 
Okay, okay, got it. So second question is on the, you know, the whole EV and lithium-ion 
business. So firstly, you know, have we received the equipment for the 2 gigawatt-hour NMC 
line? I think last quarter you mentioned the order has been placed. So just wanted to understand 
the current status. 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes, they are due for a delivery in Q3. 
Vibhav Zutshi: 
Okay, okay, got it. And just a follow-up here, the, you know, the BESS facility. So I mean, how 
do we see this ramp-up happening? Do we have customer commitments? What is the utilization 
level going to be like, assuming that this gets commissioned over the next, you know, couple of 
quarters? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes, see, initially I think there are enough visibility with the major EPC players who are actually 
installing projects for various power generating stations. There is a reasonable order book that 
we are seeing in India itself, and it may also throw some export opportunity as we move ahead 
in other markets as well. So I don't see a major challenge of maybe in within a period of about 
6 months from the time the factory is completed, at least getting to a level of 5 gigawatt kind of 
a utilization.  
From there it depends on how the market moves from there, but the capacity can be made up 
because the line capacity itself is at a 10 gigawatt-hour. So that's the reason we have gone ahead 
with the 10 gigawatt-hour line capacity. But I think we should be able to ramp up considering 
the way the requirement on the solar energy is growing in this country. 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy and Mobility Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand Rathi Institutional 
Equities. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Just first to clarify, so on the BESS area you mentioned, once the plant starts, within the 6 months 
you can ramp up the utilization towards 5 gigawatts, is it right, sir? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes, yes, because depending on, see, how we see the market and then what kind of order flow 
that we see, our belief is within about 6-7 months we should be able to ramp it up to that level. 
Thereafter, it's a question of how demand moves from there. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, got it. So, that much order is packed with the capacity? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
No, I'm saying based on the market demand what we are seeing today, there is a possibility that 
we can reach that kind of level, in a span of 6 months or so because of existing various order 
book that we have seen in this country. And we also should find a way to see the market in other 
geographies as well. So that we increase the utilization level and also keep them consistently 
growing. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. So this quarter there was a trading mix of around 15% of the revenue. I just want to 
understand how this, trading mix will go ahead and how much was the impact of because of that, 
in this quarter. And also just any update how this new tubular and recycle plants are supporting 
margins, sir? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
See, as far as trading is concerned, this quarter, because we had a big tubular season, so which 
is where our tubular plant, as Swajitha was mentioning earlier, we are fully using the plant. And 
in addition, we had to do the trading of inverter batteries and also the HUPS systems. That's 
where, being a tubular season, the trading revenue percentage is higher. Naturally, at the gross 
margin level, the trading will show a dilution on the gross margin as you, you incur the 
manufacturing cost also as a purchase of stock-in-trade. 
 
Now whether the same percentage revenue will continue in the subsequent quarters? May not 
be because now in the subsequent quarters the tubular requirements will be met from our own 
manufacturing plant. The second part of your question as far as recycling is concerned, the 
battery breaking operations is still in the trial production, and also recently the way these scrap 
prices in the country have moved substantially higher. Right now, if you do a purchase of scrap 
and then reprocess the lead, the costs are almost either equal or little higher than what the LME 
lead is. 
 
To that extent, in this quarter there was a bit of a cost pressure on the recycling plant, but 
otherwise the battery breaking plant, once it gets stabilized, our own battery that we procure 
from the market for satisfying our EPR obligation should be good enough to feed that plant. And 
that the recovery from that plant, if it is higher than what we are getting today, then it should 
help contributing to overall operating margins as well.  
While at a larger picture, even in the earlier calls we said it could improve the material cost over 
and above what we are buying today, but provided the local scrap costs are within the earlier 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy and Mobility Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
limits. But we have to wait and see to put a clear number to it once our battery breaking 
operations stabilize. That's when I think we'll be able to give you a correct number, and then so 
that can be clear. 
Moderator: 
The next question is in the line of Raghunandhan from Nuvama Research. 
Raghunandhan: 
For Q1, can you indicate on the export side, there was muted performance. How do you see the 
trend going forward? And also within industrial, if you can talk about various categories like 
UPS and others, how have you seen the performance across segments? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes, I think as Swajitha articulated in the opening remarks, the overall automotive exports on a 
Y-o-Y basis, we have seen a 20% volume degrowth, predominantly because of lower shipments 
to Middle Eastern markets because the alternative sea routes are quite costly from a freight point 
of view.  
We are expecting that there is some normalcy that will get restored in the coming quarters, and 
then we will be able to recover this loss of volume in the subsequent quarters and still go back 
to our regular volume throughput what we have seen in these markets. That is one thing. Of 
course, it is dependent on how the evolving geopolitical situation turns from here.  
As far as industrial is concerned, again, the UPS batteries have grown around 10% during the 
current quarter, while the telecom continues its shift to lithium-ion. But still, even the lithium-
ion offtake was also substantially higher during the quarter, which is why the new energy 
business has grown by almost like, 60% to 70% over the previous year as a revenue.  
As far as the other segments, they are growing in the range of 5% to 6%. Of course, they are all 
smaller, Railways and Power Control, they are smaller volume segments. There, the growth is 
in line with our earlier estimates of 5% to 6% kind of a number. 
Raghunandhan: 
That's helpful. On the BESS revenue potential, you indicated that USD100 to USD120, if you 
can indicate, like for this INR300 crores kind of investment, would you be looking at something 
like a 3x to 4x gross asset turnover? Would that be possible? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
See, I think I wouldn't want to jump on conclusion around the numbers because some of this 
will also depend on, the product mix that will eventually come in. I am just giving you an overall 
unit metric from an overall industry point of view. So once we actually, as I was indicating, if 
we actually run this plant for about 6 months or so, I think that's when the picture will be clear. 
 
But I would say its economic metrics will be more or less in line with how the pack business is 
behaving at this point of time. But any improvement from there will only depend on how much 
content you can actually localize. 
Raghunandhan: 
On the lithium cell side, you will be starting that customer qualification plant and sample 
supplies to customers. So, is the acceptance faster for telecom stationary applications in 
comparison to automobiles? How much time does -- do you think the customer testing and 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy and Mobility Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
homologation process will take? By when do you expect, like, clarity on new orders from 
customers? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
See, currently, the 2170 cells is what we are making, the B samples, which we would like to 
provide to the OEMs that we are discussing with who need those NMC cells. And on the EV 
side, as you know, there will be an extensive testing of those cells. And then eventually when 
our gigafactory is ready, the C sample testing and other processes will also take some time. 
 
So it will definitely reduce some amount of time taken by OEMs for completing their 
homologation even when the C sample is ready. And this customer qualification plan not only 
helps the approval process acceleration, it also helps to understand the production process better 
and also see how we can arrest some of those ramp-up costs in the first gigafactory. That's the 
dual purpose for which we have constructed that facility. 
 
So right now the NMC cells are being produced. And after the internal testing’s are over on 
those cells, we will be giving them to the OEMs for their testing. Now coming to the storage 
side of it, any LFP cell that we generate by our own technology effort, can be tested in this plant. 
 
And if we are able to convince the B2B customers on the energy storage requirements, then 
because some of these packs also go with a warranty promise to the energy storage customers, 
there the time taken for acceptance by the customers might be substantially lower than what an 
EV customer would take. 
 
But certain critical installations like telecom, customers will ask for the extensive testing before 
they actually accept any particular cell because any cells that are made by any supplier for that 
matter require to be approved by the customer. But relatively the time taken by these energy 
storage customers is definitely lower than the EV customers. 
Raghunandhan: 
Noted, sir. And on the PLI, there is that 10 gigawatt bids which have opened. I mean, in the 
sense, the tender application process has started. So, so would you be considering it? how are 
you looking at that? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes, we are looking at the tender documents, and then depending on the qualification criteria 
that they have put in, so we will be participating in that tender while we are now weighing our 
options in terms of how to go about it. But it's an opportunity that we'll definitely try to 
participate in. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubham from Investec. 
Shubham: 
My first question is on your lithium-ion cell foray. You had earlier indicated that your Gotion 
tie-up, did not go through as planned. Can you please clarify if that is the case with your NMC 
tech partner as well? Also, are you looking for any new tech partnership with a non-Chinese 
player for LFP? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
See, right now there is from the beginning, there is a clear plan B because we know that any 
technology support we get from the external sources need to be augmented with our own internal 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy and Mobility Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
capability. So on the NMC cell, whatever earlier relationship we had, so we got that technology 
in and then our own team was able to improve the cell beyond what we have actually taken based 
on the current customer requirements. So to that extent, there is a bit of de-risking that has 
happened on the technology talent point of view and our own ability to adapt or develop 
technologies for the requirement of this market. 
 
But as far as newer technology relationships are concerned, I wouldn't say we are not looking at 
it, but we'll be definitely be on a need base wherever we think any external help augments our 
own internal capability, we will definitely be working on a case-to-case basis. But at this point 
of time, given the geopolitical restrictions, I don't think a broad-based technology arrangement 
with anyone from China is possible. 
Shubham: 
Okay, okay. Also, in your PPT, you had indicated your plans, you know, to set up 16 gigawatts 
by FY30. Given that there has been some delay and, you know, there have been some challenges 
from China, is that still on track? Should we expect a lower capacity, you know, coming on 
stream by FY30 than 16 gigawatt? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes, I'd like to clarify that the 16 gigawatt we have coined was based on our initial strategy when 
we said that there would be a need to put close to INR9,000 crores of investment into this 
business, and then we need to -- there is a possibility of reaching that 16 gigawatt hour given the 
fact that India could be a market size of 100 gigawatt hour to 130 gigawatt hour. 
 
And then we felt there is a reasonable chance for us to achieve a market share given that there 
are some EV requirements met by the OEMs by themselves. So this potential, as it changes its 
mix, we also need to change our plans. It's not that I will build the capacity irrespective of what 
demand signals that I am getting and which cells that are being required by the customers. 
 
Because we have to carefully invest behind capacity, because any redundant capacity that we 
create will be highly taxing on the financials. So we have to be sure about the standard cells that 
we are going to build to start with, have sufficient demand, and then accordingly we'll expand 
the capacity. 
 
Even today, if you were to rate the risks of lithium-ion business, obviously I would intuitively 
say that demand is not the highest of it. Maybe it is definitely at the bottom quartile because 
there are demand coming from both EVs and ESS segment as well. So given our program, maybe 
we will now prioritize an ESS cell over a standard EV cell because that could actually uptick 
our demand much faster. 
 
So while the milestone for a given capacity can definitely change, but our broad strategic 
direction of going behind, let's say, a 15% to 20% kind of a market share on the available 
potential of lithium cells still remains intact. And timings can definitely change based on the 
demand as well as the product mix that is being required by the market. 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy and Mobility Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Shubham: 
Okay. Thanks for clarifying. Also, just one clarificatory question on, on your lithium pack 
revenues. It gets booked entirely in your subsidiary, right? None of it is captured in your 
standalone business? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
In the standalone, in this quarter, there was some quantity which we have booked in our 
standalone entity because of the product approval was earlier taken in the standalone entity. Like 
the way even in the last year we had trading activity happening in the holding company. Now I 
think we have migrated. From the coming quarters, we will not have substantial lithium trading 
revenue coming in the holding company. 
 
It will all move to the subsidiary only. But yes, there could be some other segments, some of 
the, let's say, commercial and industrial, or some of the segments which we deal with through 
our industrial channel. There could be a smaller volume, but essentially all the telecom packs 
will move to the subsidiary completely. 
Moderator: 
The next question is the line of Rishi Vora from Kotak Securities. 
Rishi Vora: 
Yes. My first question is just on the growth expectations for lead acid business. Obviously, 1Q 
we have seen a very strong growth, and I know, OE obviously, we know is doing well and 
replacement continues to do well. So, sir, how should we look at like full year growth 
expectations in terms of volumes for the lead acid business? And mainly just trying to get a sense 
on the replacement market strength. 
Y. Delli Babu: 
See, I think the domestic growth in the aftermarket, as we have mentioned in the earlier calls as 
well, I mean, we can't go by, one single quarter as the long-term guidance. So naturally, around 
the lower double-digit kind of a number is possible in the two-wheeler side. As far as four-
wheeler, it may be a tad lower than the two-wheeler. 
 
So our estimation was it could grow anywhere between 7%-8% kind of a number, and that kind 
of a growth is possible, but considering the large base that we are seeing today, those numbers 
will moderate as we move ahead and also as we see higher penetration on the EV side of it. 
 
But our lead acid growth also should get further boost once the international business comes 
back on track. That's where our forecast or our thought process is, lead acid battery business as 
a whole, both industrial, mobility, exports, every opportunity put together can still achieve a 
revenue growth rates anywhere between 9% to 10%. In the coming, at least in the medium 
period. That's the sense that we are getting. 
Rishi Vora: 
And sir this guidance is for volumes, right? So whatever the price hikes you have taken should 
further add up to the revenue? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
No, I'm not saying this is a guidance, but this is the overall industry growth estimate possible. 
But this is predominantly on the volumes. Any, any price changes, it will depend on how much 
you are able to actually pass on to the customer. So we have seen B2B segment has its own 
challenge of passing it on fully. And in B2C, with the lag, we are able to pass on. So you are 
right. Much of this I'm talking from the volume lens. 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy and Mobility Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Rishi Vora: 
I understand. And sir, just on this, you know, your comment around LFP, like maybe 
incrementally the focus would be on the energy storage segment. So just wanted to get a sense, 
given that now we don't have partner and maybe in the future we might get one, but how easy it 
is, difficult to develop LFP technology, how much R&D investments which we need to do 
incrementally, no, and like, does it also, it takes time to develop this technology or within a year 
or two we can come up with a product and, you know, start supplying to the customers? Just any 
sense around that would be helpful. 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes, there is enough investment that we have made into both the skill as well as facilities 
required for research. There are teams in place working on these product developments today. 
Obviously, I can't give a timeline around every product that we are dealing with. I can only say 
that there is enough capability in the company and also certain other relationships that we are 
working on will definitely help develop the products that are required, for us. 
 
From a timeline point of view, I think it would be premature for me to comment on any specific 
timeline because it will depend on the development program that we will track for a given, cell 
type. 
 
So I would say there is a plan B in place, while even if it is a bit of a delay here and there, we 
will be able to do things with our own capability, which definitely help us develop products 
which are more suitable for this market. And also the key is basically to get the industrialization 
right, because product recipe is one thing, but getting the industrialization right at the right 
throughput level and right, process scrap level is important. 
 
So currently the teams are engaged in both aspects of this, which is where we are spending our 
resources. Even in this year towards the R&D of cell development, we may spend close to about 
INR100 crores to INR150 crores kind of money. So that kind of expenses we need to incur until 
some of these cells that we are currently talking about are available for commercialization. 
Rishi Vora: 
Just two clarifications. One on the BESS side, right? When we -- when we talked about INR200 
crores, INR300 crores of capex, also there will be a working capital requirement, right, for this 
business pertaining to sales. So what would be that number, or in number of days, if you could 
guide us? That could be helpful. 
Y. Delli Babu: 
See, it depends again what's the customer mix we are dealing with, right? So if it is a 
containerized solution that I am giving to an EPC player And then what kind of business models 
that will evolve, see, it really depends on what kind of projects to which we are supplying. So if 
I were to take a cue from my current pack business that I am doing to a B2B segment, my 
working capital days could be around 90 days, give or take. 
 
But it also depends on what kind of credit arrangements we will have for the cell procurement 
from China. So I don't think I can give you a 100% sure number at this point of time, but if I 
were to give an estimate, a 90 day to 100-day kind of a cash conversion cycle is not impossible 
to achieve. 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy and Mobility Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Rishi Vora: 
And so, and so, last thing, just on the warranty side, like between lithium and lead, like whenever 
we ship to lithium manufacturing, will the warranty provisioning be different, or will it be higher 
or lower than led acids? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
See, warranty obligations for any of the lithium packs today are actually at the pack level. Cell 
makers are giving back-to-back warranty assurance on the cells, and that should be the same 
even when we make domestic cells also. So how do we provision it? How do we calculate the 
material cost? What could be the failure percentage? These are things that I cannot disclose or 
discuss today, or predict, for the simple reason that we have to wait and see for the first 
commercial cell to come out. So I think it would be too premature for me to put a number around 
them. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepesh Joshi from Indira Securities. 
Deepesh Joshi: 
So my first question is regarding the lithium-ion facility ramp-up. So like, how should we think 
about the price discipline going forward, and what do you believe will be the primary business 
competition over the next few years? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
See, lithium and the EV side, you know, some OEMs are building their own plants, and there 
are 4 battery manufacturers who are currently in the lead acid space are also in the lithium space. 
By and large, as if you ask me, it could be a place where still you may see at the best a 3 player 
to 4 player kind of a market on the cell side is what is our estimation going by the announcements 
that we are seeing today. 
 
So from a pricing competitive point of view, I don't think people in India will compete with each 
other, but rather both of us have to, or all of us have to come and continue to compete with the 
imports that are going to come into this country. 
 
To that extent, yes, when you are looking at competing with China, we are clearly at a price 
disadvantage, which is what we have discussed in earlier calls also, that that disadvantage could 
be in the order of 15% to 20% today. Simply because of the strong supply chain that exists in 
that country, and then we are still in the nascent stage of developing this market. 
 
So until we are able to have our own depth in the supply chain, and then there is a bit of 
production coming from the government, I think we should be able to stabilize this industry in 
this country. 
Deepesh Joshi: 
And so regarding, like, you did say that there might be some changes to the 16 gigawatt plant 
capacity, but, even if for the, like, new capex coming in, do you have any, planning for the debt-
to-equity or the, I mean, ratio in mind? Like, how are you going to fund the next coming 
investment? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes, there are obviously multiple options on the table. The cash flows from the existing business 
are strong enough which we can use for funding this business. But as indicated earlier, the initial 
risk capital that we agreed was about INR2,500 crores, with which we are able to at least 
complete these 5 facilities that we are talking about. 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy and Mobility Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
 
And thereafter any future capex requirement, we have to explore our options. One, the holding 
company can continue to fund it. Obviously, there is a limitation on the debt-to-equity number, 
but I wouldn't want to put a number at this point of time because I need to see each of these 
business cases and accordingly decide whether a leverage is good or should I look at some other 
options for funding this kind of expansion. 
 
So these are questions options that are definitely there on the table. But I think I will be able to 
give a broad guideline as and when those new capex programs are announced in terms of how 
do we achieve the financial closure of it. 
 
But suffice to say that considering INR700 crores to INR800 crores at the minimum as a cash 
generation post-tax and post-dividend as well, I think there is enough gunpowder left in the 
holding company for to fund this new energy business for some time to come. But that doesn't 
mean we will be completely free with our capital allocation. 
 
So those decisions will be taken based on what investments that we are making into which cell 
capacities and what are the risk factors of that business. And then at an appropriate time, those 
capital structuring decisions have to be modified. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. 
Kapil Singh: 
Sir, just trying to understand, when we talk of lithium-ion cells, is the product continuously 
evolving or we are seeing, technology at a relatively stable level for NMC? You know, because, 
you know, the products are also evolving. So I'm just trying to understand whether there are 
significant R&D requirements here, or, you know, once you have acquired a technology, we can, 
you know, continue supplying for, next few years without any major changes? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
See, I, I can only say that, the speed of change, I would sense that while, I may have to again 
discuss with my technology team before I give a conclusive answer, but my understanding is the 
speed of change has definitely moderated. So that's why when we approach a particular cell 
program, we have to be clear that the capex what we are incurring provides us the opportunity 
to serve that product for a reasonable time in the future. 
 
And secondly, if not, then we should also build the plant or work with the equipment vendors in 
such a manner that any fungibility between one product type to another can be done easily. So 
that way, the capital requirement for creating any fungible lines should be factored in whenever 
we do these new cell commercialization plants. 
 
So that way, coming to the R&D investment that we need to make, that is something that we 
have said from the beginning that we would want to create a capability within the company 
which can actually deliver the required goods that are required for this market. So that effort 
cannot be reduced just because we are able to commercialize couple of standard cells which are 
not changing. 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy and Mobility Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
 
I think technology requirements will continue in this business and it is not something that we 
can wish away just because we have some capacity of regular standard cells that can be 
manufactured. 
Kapil Singh: 
And on the raw material availability, what kind of risks are there and how you are thinking about 
managing those risks? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
See, clearly on the supply chain, particularly on the cathode material, we have to depend on 
China for our procurement. There are no two ways about it. But there are also efforts happening 
within the country by various players to localize some of that supply chain. So we have to wait 
and see how those plans come to some level of maturity. 
 
But I think in the long term, I think industry as a whole will definitely strive for localizing these 
required supply chain in this country. Otherwise, substantial value cannot be completely residing 
out of India. And even government's direction and the policy push also is going in that direction. 
So I am hopeful that in the long term we'll be able to bring a large portion of the supply chain 
into the country. 
Kapil Singh: 
There are supposed to be some restrictions from China for exporting, you know, some of the 
materials like cathode materials or even graphite. So any, any risk that, you know, we need to 
monitor here? Because something came out in October '25, then it was delayed for 1-year. So is 
there a risk on account of that also, or not? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Processed battery material, at this point of time, we have not heard anybody saying that they will 
not supply. Supply. But from a broader supply chain development point of view, it is definitely 
a factor that needs to be monitored not only by any one company but at the industry level. 
 
At this point of time, I am not aware of any specific restrictions. While there were restrictions 
on certain core material, but not on the battery cathode material or anode material. So that I have 
not come across a specific restriction, but I will double-check once again, and if I have any news, 
I'll update you. Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question of the day. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes. Thanks, again, for everybody for coming in and thanks for your questions. Over to you, 
Jay. 
Jay Kale: 
Yes. Thank you. On behalf of Elara Securities, that concludes the call. Thank you all for joining 
in. Have a good evening. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Elara Securities Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
