■ .. .._ 
Date: 14th August, 2026 
To 
l•J•I 
13--i 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543547 
To 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 400051 
Symbol: DDEVPLSTIK 
Sub: Transcripts of Earnings Call held on 11.08.2026 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI {Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
Dear Sirs 
In continuation of our letter dated 13th August, 2026 regarding submission of the transcript, and 
further to our letters dated 3rd August, 2026 and 11th August, 2026 concerning the intimation of the 
schedule of the Earnings Conference Call for the oist quarter ended 30th June, 2026 ("Q1FY27") and 
submission of the audio recording of the said conference call, respectively, we wish to inform you 
that an inadvertent error was noticed in the designation of one of the attendees in the transcript 
submitted earlier. Accordingly, we are submitting the revised transcript. The revision is limited to the 
correction of such designation and does not affect the contents or substance of the discussions 
recorded therein. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Schedule Ill, Part A, Para A, Clause 15 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the revised 
transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Tuesday, 11th August, 2026, in respect of the 
financial results for Q1FY27. 
The revised transcript is also being made available on the website of the Company under the 
Earnings Call section under the head transcripts at https://www.ddevgroup.in/media-centre-
interaction 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
Tanvi Goenka (Membership No. ACS 31176) 
Company Secretary 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
Regd. Office : 26, Pretoria Street, Kolkata - 700 071 
Tel : +91-33-2282 3744/45/3671/99, E-mail : kolkata@ddevgroup.in, www.ddevgroup.in 
Mumbai Office : 1501, 15th Floor, Lodha Supremus, Senapati Bapat Road, Lower Pare! West, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400 013, India 
Tel.: +91-22-67021470/71/72/73, E-mail : mumbai@ddevgroup.in 
CIN : L24290WB2020PLC241791 
TANVI 
GOENKA
Digitally signed by TANVI 
GOENKA 
Date: 2026.08.14 13:00:22 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NARRINDRA SURANNA – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – DDEV PLASTIKS INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. DDEV SURANNA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – DDEV PLASTIKS 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH KOTHARI – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
DDEV PLASTIKS INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ARIHANT BOTHRA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
DDEV PLASTIKS INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SALONI AJMERA – GO INDIA ADVISORS LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call for Ddev 
Plastiks Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Saloni Ajmera from Go India Advisors Limited. Thank 
you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Saloni Ajmera: 
Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Go India Advisors, I welcome you all to first quarter of 
FY27 earnings conference call of Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited. Today from the 
management, we have Mr. Narrindra Suranna, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Ddev 
Surana, Whole Time Director and CEO; Mr. Rajesh Kothari, Whole Time Director; and Mr. 
Arihant Bothra, the CFO. 
 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Ddev Surana for his opening remarks, and then we will 
open the floor for the question and answer. Over to you, sir. 
Ddev Surana: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for Q1 FY27 earnings 
call of Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited. We truly appreciate the continued interest and 
confidence of our investors, analysts and other stakeholders. 
 
During today's call, we will discuss the company's performance for the quarter ended June '26, 
along with the key strategic and operational and industrial developments that are shaping our 
growth trajectory. The financial results and statements and investor presentation for the quarter 
have been approved by the Board of Directors and available on the stock exchanges. 
 
FY27 has commenced against a rapidly evolving global and domestic macroeconomic drop. 
While the world continues to navigate shifting geopolitical and economical realities, India 
remains one of the most few large economies demonstrating structural resilience, policy 
continuity and sustained growth momentum. 
 
The domestic macro environment continues to be supported by healthy public investment, 
improved private sector participation, more balanced corporate and banking sector balance 
sheets and resilient consumption demand. Recent policy measures, including rationalization of 
GST rates, reforms in personal income taxation and a more accommodative monetary policy 
environment are expected to provide further support to growth demand. 
 
In addition, India's expanding trade architecture, particularly the India-EU FTA, which is 
expected to provide preferential access to more than 99% of Indian exports, represents a 
meaningful opportunity for the Indian manufacturing, exports, employment and investment 
formation as well. These developments are closely aligned with the government's long-term 
vision of Viksit Bharat 2047 where infrastructure creation, productivity enhancements, industrial 
expansion and global competitiveness remain central pillars of transformation. 
 
At a sectoral level, we believe India is entering a multi-decade electrification and infrastructure 
expansion cycle. Globally, rising urbanization, industrialization, power consumption and 

 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
digitalization are accelerating investments across electricity generation, transmission and 
distribution networks. 
 
India's installed power generation capacity is expected to nearly double from approximately 442 
gigawatts in FY24 to around 900 gigawatts by FY32, supported by substantial investments of 
INR9 trillion in the transmission infrastructure. This expansion across substations, power 
transmission lines, transformer capacity and grid infrastructure is expected to generate sustained 
demand for distribution, power and specialty transformers while also creating significant long-
term opportunities and potential and demand for the wire and cable ecosystem. 
 
The rapid emergence of India's digital economy is creating an additional layer of structural 
demand. Investments in data centers, semiconductor ecosystems, renewable energy 
infrastructure, industrial corridors and advanced manufacturing are steadily increasing the need 
for high-performance, reliable and specialized cable solutions. 
 
This is driving a gradual but decisive shift from conventional low-voltage applications towards 
medium, high-voltage and extra high-voltage applications. These advanced applications require 
specialized polymer compounds stringent customer approvals and command superior 
realizations and create meaningful entry barriers for new and unorganized participants. 
 
This industry evolution plays directly to the strength of Ddev Plastiks with the legacy spanning 
over 4 decades and the leadership position as India's largest polymer compound manufacturer. 
The company is exceptionally well positioned to participate in the structural up-cycle. 
 
Our strong qualification credentials established by customer relationships, deep manufacturing 
expertise, global laboratory certifications and proven quality standards make us the preferred 
partner for leading wire and cable companies in India and overseas. Despite geopolitical 
disruptions in recent years with many wars, our exports has still grown at a CAGR of 16% 
between FY22 and FY26, reflecting the growing acceptance of our products in the international 
markets as well. 
 
Today, Ddev Plastiks stands as a scaled, diversified and innovation-led polymer compounding 
company. Over a journey of more than 4 decades, we have continuously expanded capacities, 
broadened our product portfolios and strengthened our leadership across key product categories. 
 
As of June 2026, our total installed capacity stands at 3,16,400 metric tons per annum. We offer 
more than 200 specialized compounds and continue to maintain strong positions in critical 
segments, including a market share of 50% in the Sioplas market and a leading presence in the 
HFFR compound market in India. 
 
Importantly, this growth has been achieved while maintaining zero rejections, a robust balance 
sheet and a consistent record of sustainable value creation. Building on this foundation, we are 
also making a focused and strategic entry into the battery energy storage systems. We see that 
as a natural extension of our understanding of the power ecosystem and as a compelling 
opportunity emerging from India's renewable energy transmission. 

 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
As the share of renewable energy in India's energy mix increases, storage solutions will become 
increasingly critical for grid stability, energy reliability and efficient power deployment. With 
the experience, financial discipline, operational capabilities and a flexible approach, we believe 
Ddev Plastiks is well placed to build a meaningful presence in this emerging business vertical 
over the long term. 
 
Our growth philosophy remains disciplined forward-looking and value accretive. In FY27 and 
beyond, we remain committed to expand capacities, invest in product innovation and move 
further up the value chain in higher EV compounds, deepening our penetration in international 
markets. 
 
Simultaneously, we will scale the BESS business in a calibrated and disciplined manner, 
ensuring that growth is pursued with commercial prudence and balance sheet strength. 
Supported by powerful structural drivers such as infrastructure development, electrification, 
urbanization, renewable energy expansion and manufacturing growth, we remain firmly on track 
to achieve our top line ambition of INR5,000 crores by FY '30. 
 
With that, now I invite our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Arihant Bothra, to present the financial 
and operational highlights of the quarter. Over to you, Arihant. 
Arihant Bothra: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. For the quarter ended 30th June 2026, we are pleased to 
report a strong and resilient performance, underpinned by healthy demand momentum, 
disciplined execution and intrinsic strength of our operating model. 
 
Revenue for the quarter grew by 29% year-on-year basis, driven primarily by robust traction in 
the cables and wire segment in the export market. EBITDA grew by 27% year-on-year with 
margins at 10%, representing a commendable performance in the context of multiple industry 
headwinds, softer trade sentiment and ongoing geopolitical tensions in the Middle East. I would 
also like to add and highlight that this is the first time our EBITDA has crossed INR100 crores 
as a benchmark. 
 
Profit after tax stood at INR64-odd crores, registering a year-on-year growth of 22%, reflecting 
the company's sustained operational discipline, earnings quality and ability to protect 
profitability across market cycles. The quarter began amid a challenging global operating 
environment marked by supply chain disruptions, commodity price volatility and external 
uncertainties. 
 
Our Ddev Plastiks continue to demonstrate resilience, agility and execution discipline. Our 
ability to navigate such condition is supported by our strong customer franchisee, scale 
advantages, manufacturing depth, prudent working capital management and a leadership 
position in specialized polymer compounds. These trends are not easily replicable and continue 
to differentiate us meaningfully in the marketplace. 
 
During April 2026, we successfully commissioned our new facility in Bhiwadi with a capacity 
of 48,000 metric tons. It is a greenfield XLPE compound facility located in Rajasthan. With this 
addition, our installed XLPE capacity has increased to 2,14,500 metric tons per annum, further 
consolidating our leadership in the important product category. 

 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
 
The company continues to hold an approximately more than one-third market share in the XLPE 
compound segment, and we expect that the new Bhiwadi facility will contribute incremental 
revenue of close to INR500-odd crores as utilization levels scale up progressively. 
 
Our capital expenditure strategy is anchored not merely in the pursuit of scale, but in a clear and 
deliberate conviction around the long-term opportunity in India's cable and wire ecosystem. We 
believe the next decade will witness a step change in demand driven by power transmission 
upgrades, renewable energy capacity additions, smart city development, industrial corridor 
development, data center expansions and broader manufacturing-led growth. 
 
These applications will require cable and wire solutions of higher complexity, superior reliability 
and advanced specification, creating a more favorable environment for organized, technically 
capable and quality-driven polymer compound manufacturers. Ddev Plastiks is well positioned 
to participate in this opportunity. 
 
Our investments are designed to deepen market penetration, enhance product sophistication, 
strengthen leadership across categories and support customers as they transition towards more 
demanding applications. We believe only a select group of capable polymer compound 
companies will be able to meet the technical quality scale requirements of this evolving demand 
landscape. And Ddev Plastiks is among the companies best placed to do so. 
 
Operationally, our overall capacity stood at 3,16,400 metric tons during this quarter end with 
capacity utilization of average 66-odd percent. The modernization in utilization -- moderation 
in utilization is primarily attributable to the introduction of new capacity in Bhiwadi of around 
48,000 metric tons, which had limited operating time during the period. As the new capacity 
stabilizes and progressively ramps up, we expect operating leverage and revenue contribution 
from this facility to improve meaningfully over time. 
 
To summarize, Ddev Plastiks enters FY27 from a position of strength. We have a resilient core 
business, expanding capabilities and a differentiated product portfolio, strong customer 
relationships, growth export visibility and a healthy balance sheet and a strategic entry into 
emerging renewable opportunity through BESS. Our management team remains focused on 
disciplined growth, sustainable profitability, innovation-led differentiation and long-term 
shareholder value creation. 
 
With this, I conclude my remarks and open the floor for question and answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Arnav Sakhuja from Ambit Capital. 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
So, my first question is that we had very strong improvement valuation year-on-year which I 
think you mentioned led by high improvement in the segment… 
Moderator: 
Mr. Sakhuja, your line is breaking. 
Arihant Bothra: 
Your voice is still not clear. 

 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Arnav, may I please request you to rejoin the queue. The next question is from the line of from 
Apurva from White Stone Financial Advisors. 
Apurva: 
Sir, in the last con call, you mentioned that some of the revenue in the Q4 is settled in the Q1 
because in the last few days in the March because of the -- we could export, right? So it settled 
was in Q1. So how much revenue in Q1 is part of the Q4? 
Arihant Bothra: 
See, it is majorly driven by the export revenue because the shipments were having issues with 
respect to availability of vessels and other things in the last week of March and the war just 
started, another emergent peak position, I will say. 
 
So, if you ask in terms of numbers, technically, it may be around 1,000-odd tons, which has been 
moved, but the value has changed later on because of increase in freight and all. So, this quarter, 
we have reported close to INR300-plus crores of export revenue. Some part of it is contributed 
by the previous quarter's export quantities. 
Apurva: 
Okay. And sir, my next question is, sir, our new capacity at Bhiwadi. How much we would be 
realizing that in FY27? 
Arihant Bothra: 
So we expect an average utilization of 50-plus percent from that. As of now, it is running at 
roughly 20%, 25-odd percent. And slowly, it will get ramped up over a period of time. So by 
end of this year, we consider 50% average utilization for this year. Next year, it will be higher. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hardik Jain from White Stone Financial Advisors. 
Hardik Jain: 
Sir, our EBITDA per ton, although has decreased in terms of percentage because the realizations 
overall has increased, but even in the absolute terms, the EBITDA per ton has increased. So if 
you can just let us know what could be the reason behind it? 
Arihant Bothra: 
Major reason is driven by the exports. If you see the export of close to INR300-plus-odd crores, 
mainly to the MENA region, had been the main contributor. In volume terms, there has been no 
major growth in terms of export. It can be hardly few percentage in single digit or so. However, 
in terms of value, because there has been multiple issues. 
 
One, uncertainty over the freight rate, uncertainty over the availability of raw material prices. 
So we could get better prices as compared to other competition in the Middle East and other 
markets. And that is the reason in export, we have done better. And that is the reason the overall 
EBITDA per ton has moved almost by INR3 in this particular specific quarter. 
Hardik Jain: 
Yes. So the question was, do you think this EBITDA per ton is sustainable or as the things ease 
out on the logistics front in the export, this can again come back to the normalized level that we 
saw last year? 
Arihant Bothra: 
So it is very difficult to predict on this line. But definitely, we -- as a conservative approach, we 
can say that our targets of INR16 to INR17, or in percentage you can say 10% to 12% of 
EBITDA margin, is something which we always aim and we have focused approach to achieve 
that only. So maybe INR19.6 something which has been achieved in this quarter may not be 

 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
sustainable for each and every quarter, but probably it can be sustainable for a few months from 
here also. 
Hardik Jain: 
Okay. And broadly, when we say EBITDA per ton, so in generally, we should look at it in terms 
of per ton basis or in terms of percentage? Because the realization can keep fluctuating. 
Arihant Bothra: 
See the realization prices have gone up by 30%. And the margin cannot go beyond 30% at the 
same time. So it is mainly pass-on business. We are a transparent supplier to most of the 
customers we have. And we pass on the prices which have come to us in an increased manner. 
And that is the reason. The percentage basis if you see, it is still looking good at 10% and better 
is the EBITDA per ton approach. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhagwat from Prosperity Wealth Management. 
Bhagwat: 
On the BESS business, could you please comment on the intended business model like whether 
the company plans to operate primarily as EPC model or follow a BOO that is asset owning 
model? Like, what's the management view on both these type of business model? If you could 
comment, please. 
Arihant Bothra: 
So I would like to update 2 things. One, this business is getting shifted from West to East. So it 
may get delayed by a couple of quarters from here. And specifically to your question, to start 
with, it will be supply and mix of EPC over a period of time. BOO and BOOT, both models are 
something which, as of now, we are not eyeing on an immediate start basis. 
Bhagwat: 
Okay. And what is the EBITDA margin should we expect from this BESS business? And how 
do you see the margin profile evolving over the next few years as we scale up in this particular 
business? 
Arihant Bothra: 
So when we scale up, we have -- since it will be initially a supply model, we expect an EBITDA 
margin of 6% to 8%, which we have mentioned in our presentation as well. With passage of 
time when we adopt EPC and when we adopt other models, then slowly and gradually it may 
improve. 
Bhagwat: 
And it's a question of what percentage you can expect as the additional margin potential? 
Arihant Bothra: 
Generally, when you add EPC, there is an addition of from 2% to 5% something you can get. 
Then there is an opportunity of becoming a system integrator where it is practically more than 
EPC and less than a BOO model. So there, you can add a couple of more percentages also. So 
in each stage, practically, if you ask me, there are 2% to 3% where you can keep on adding on 
the EBITDA levels. 
Bhagwat: 
And then peak, you can expect around 13%. Is that achievable, sir? 
Arihant Bothra: 
Sorry, your voice is not clear. 
Bhagwat: 
I think, can we consider 13% is achievable as you scales up and operate in this place also? 

 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Arihant Bothra: 
Yes, long-term target is in the range of, I will say, 11% to 15-odd percent. When we have better 
utilization, we become system integrator and we do a lot of other activities as well, do backward 
integration of some parts, which is possible, smaller parts, then we eye that it will be in the range 
of 11% to 15-odd percent. 
Bhagwat: 
Okay. And my last question is what are the funding requirements for this particular BESS 
business? And how much debt does management expect to raise for this business, have you 
scaled up? 
Arihant Bothra: 
So as of now, we have expected that the overall requirement will be within INR200-odd crores 
in the first phase. And entire money for the same is being deployed from our internal accruals. 
And going forward, once we do the next phase, then it will change, which we will be able to 
highlight once we follow it. It will be market-driven, so we cannot comment, all the accruals 
today, all the requirement today. 
Bhagwat: 
Yes, I think the numbers that you have mentioned are capex amount, if I believe. But what will 
be for the business, let's say for 1 gigawatt, what is the expected dates we can consider? 
Arihant Bothra: 
You can consider mid-FY29. 
Bhagwat: 
Mid-FY29. And what is the expected date, if we, let's say, 1 gigawatt hour to execute EPC model, 
let's say? 
Arihant Bothra: 
And can you be a bit detailed in the query, because I have lost your voice. 
Bhagwat: 
Yes, so I am trying to understand, like, let's say for 1 gigawatt hour, BESS EPC we are trying to 
execute. So for that particular 1 gigawatt hour EPC project, what is the expected dates that will 
be added in our books? 
Arihant Bothra: 
So, as I mentioned that, as of now, what we expect is that the amount of investment will be 
comparatively limited and will be within the range of INR150 crores to INR200 crores, both 
considering capex and working capital margin. 
 
Now additional debt in terms of working capital may be in the range of another INR100 crores 
to INR150-odd crores. However, since the first phase of business is driven towards supply, so 
we expect the debt should not be going up substantially. It will be more the internal accruals, 
which will be applied. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Drishti Shah, an Individual Investor. 
Drishti Shah: 
I just had one question that I wanted to understand the margin profile in our export revenue and 
our domestic revenue because gross margins have seemed not to have increased too much 
despite our exports increasing so much. So just wanted to understand that bit. 
Arihant Bothra: 
See, in domestic scenario, there is no uncertainty as far as freights are concerned, as far as 
availability of vehicles are concerned. But in case of export, due to this war situation, there were 
many uncertainties. So while quoting your prices, you can only get an indicative rate and 
indicative time line. So you don't know what will be the actual price. And on top of it, the raw 

 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
material prices were so volatile that prices were changing every week and sometimes twice or 
thrice in a week also. 
 
So it is very difficult to predict what will the price change in this particular week. So we have to 
take a calculated risk and top up some, I will say, volatility or war-risk premium to quote to our 
customers. And that is the reason there has been some additional EBITDA per ton derived on an 
overall quantity, which we have sold. 
Drishti Shah: 
Got it. And sir, I see in our presentation that our FY27 target revenue increase is expected to be 
13%, while our capacity addition has been 25%. So if you could just highlight that or are we 
being conservative over here or what? 
Arihant Bothra: 
Yes. It's both. We are conservative in our approach. While making the estimates, we have 
considered the average prices which we have achieved in the last fiscal year. We haven't 
considered or factored the increased prices, which we are as of now experiencing. This is point 
number one. 
 
Point number two, when you see the growth rate in terms of capacity utilization, the new capacity 
will ramp up on a slower basis. And I mentioned just to the previous question that current year, 
we are considering almost 50% utilization on an average capacity utilization for the entire year. 
 
So if we'll consider the same, then out of INR500 crores or so of revenue to be generated from 
that particular unit, we'll be able to generate around INR200 crores to INR250-odd crores of 
revenue. That is the reason we have considered a conservative 13%, though in the first quarter 
itself, we have surpassed due to the average increase in prices by almost... 
Drishti Shah: 
And how long do we expect the rise in the price of resin to continue? 
Arihant Bothra: 
It is comparatively much more stabilized as compared to what was there in the month of March 
and April. Now once the war and the Hormuz situation is clear, then we expect the prices to 
slowly gradually come down. It may not happen overnight, but it will take 3 to 6 months of time 
for price to gradually come down to the earlier levels. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hardik Jain from White Stone Financial Advisors. 
Hardik Jain: 
Sir, sorry, I just wanted to ask one more question on BESS. So in this first phase of BESS, our 
capacity is going to be 1 gigawatt hour, is it with this INR200 crore capex? 
Arihant Bothra: 
Yes. 
Hardik Jain: 
And because we are going into the supply mode in the first phase, and in this, we can generate 
INR900 crores of annual turnover from this 1 gigawatt hour facility, is it? 
Arihant Bothra: 
Yes. Depending on the sell prices, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jainam Ghelani from Svan Investment. 

 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Jainam Ghelani 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. One question from my side is that since we are 
guiding almost 13% to 14% growth in FY27, how much would it be volume led and how much 
would be mainly because of realizations? 
Arihant Bothra: 
So, see, if you consider the guidance we have given in the presentation, we haven't considered 
any increase in prices in that particular because we feel that on an average by end of this fiscal 
year, the prices should be more than downward towards the pre-war level. 
 
So average, we have considered the same last year of INR145-odd. So on a volume basis, we 
have considered a growth of 15%. So most important, I will say, aspect of tracking the growth 
will be to track the volume growth. 
Jainam Ghelani 
Okay. So, sir, when you are saying 15% growth year-on-year for this quarter, we've grown only 
by 1%. So, you are still confident of maintaining the 15% growth guidance? 
Arihant Bothra: 
Yes, yes. Because the new capacity which we have added in this particular fiscal year has just 
got operational, and it is slowly and gradually ramping up. It will take some time to ramp up, 
probably another couple of months, and then it will have a higher level of utilization. 
Jainam Ghelani 
Okay. And sir, for the new facility, what would be the approval time from our client for our 
products? 
Arihant Bothra: 
See, generally, it is more towards supply of product on a standard design basis. So... 
Rajesh Kumar Kothari: 
Arihant? Sorry. See both the points, we are confident of achieving 15% volume growth this year 
despite the first quarter being low on the growth having just 1% growth because this first quarter 
was full of uncertainty because the local demand went down because of very high prices in the 
first quarter. 
 
And also the volume growth in export was not big, as Arihant has explained. Only the prices 
went up and the margins improved. So we could deliver better EBITDA. But going forward, we 
see that as the uncertainty on the price front subside, the volume pickup will be back. 
 
And second part, as Arihant just said, that the new site will start contributing in a big way in the 
second half of the year. So both these things will help us to achieve this 15% volume growth 
target. And as far as the approval process is concerned from the new site, it is no special or new 
approval is required. Our products are already approved by the customer. So whether we supply 
it from our existing plant or new plant, there's no new approval is required. We continue to enjoy 
that approval across our facilities. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And my questions are all based out of the inputs that you have provided to us. I'll just refer to 
the slide. But firstly, as again Arihant was mentioning about we are shifting the base from West 
to East, and that will result in delay of a few quarters as mentioned. So if one could first explain 
-- and do we have our CEO, Rakesh-ji -- Rakesh Kumar also on the call here, or -- yes. 

 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
 
First, my point. Okay, sir. So, firstly, on the relocation part of the story, if you could just explain 
to us and then what would this translate into, some rationale that, sir? 
Arihant Bothra: 
Yes. So the biggest rationale beyond this is that there is an opportunity in East. As of now, there 
are no player in East. And we considered West only because there was a lot of players coming 
in West, and we had our warehouse availability in West 
 
Now post the elections, we also look for better warehouses in East and now we have started 
locating a few warehouses over here. So there is an opportunity. So there is no time lost as far 
as the warehouse identification is concerned. Now the time line which is getting extended is only 
because the installation time line will get delayed because of this. 
 
Second, as far as the project opportunity is concerned, if you see today, most of the bids which 
have gone in the market are all of low prices and everybody is now forfeiting -- getting their 
EMDs forfeited and those are going to be retendered. All the bids -- all the projects which were 
tendered are supposed to be getting into retendering. 
 
So, there will be opportunity. So those projects are also getting delayed. And all this happened 
only because of increase in sell prices. So, if you calculate both the things together, then 
practically we haven't lost the market, nor the opportunity. It is only the time line, which is -- 
even if our plant was ready and there was low demand in the market, our growth would have 
been slow. 
 
So rather we have used the time and we have shifted to a better base. Now Bengal is an 
opportunity. And with Bengal government now coming up with their own industrial policy in 
the next 5 to 6 days, it will give us more leverage to shift our project over there and get the 
benefit out of it. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Arihant, sir, when we look at our EBITDA number, which you mentioned that historically first 
time we have posted INR101 crores of profitability, that is 3-digit mark. So taking into account 
the factors of the higher export for this quarter, do we see that there's a likelihood of maintaining 
this run rate with the enhanced capacity also getting at better utilization and operating leverage 
kicking in the second half? How should this number should be trending, sir, for the remaining 
part of the year on a ballpark basis? 
Arihant Bothra: 
See, currently, the uncertainty is still there, specifically with the Hormuz and the availability of 
material and the prices specifically. So it is very difficult to comment that how long this type of 
export business will continue month-on-month basis. As of now, whatever orders we have in 
hand, July is already over, August, we are in, and we can comment up to here. 
 
As far as the overall conservative annual guidance is concerned, we continue to maintain that 
whatever guidance we have given, we will definitely surpass it given that first quarter has been, 
a proportionate basis, is much better than what we expected. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Sir, on the export front, can you comment for this quarter, this 330-odd number which we 
have for the first quarter with reference to the deliverables schedule for Q2. Are we in likelihood 
that these numbers we will be able to post, because we are already two-thirds done? 

 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Arihant Bothra: 
I have a correction in this number, because the prices marginally came down in the interim in 
the month of July. And accordingly, the exports have also comparatively -- as far as the average 
selling price is concerned will be comparatively lower. So from that perspective, I can only 
comment that 300 may not be the right number. But in terms of volume, last quarter, whatever 
volume we have done in this particular June quarter, the next quarter comparatively will be 
better. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So sir, coming to the tonnage part, I think so we did 52,163 for Q1. And taking into 
account the volume and the new capacity, what should be the run rate for this year? 
Arihant Bothra: 
So we targeted 2,31,000 tons for this entire fiscal year. First quarter is lower, as Kothari-ji 
explained because of the uncertainties involved, whether that is in the export market or in the 
domestic market. And we are confident that the differential roughly 1,80,000 tons, which gives 
a proportionate rate of 60,000-odd tons per quarter, is something which is achievable. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And on the capex part also, you have given an odd number of INR76 crores -- INR77 
crores, so... 
Arihant Bothra: 
We have already incurred, invested only. 
Saket Kapoor: 
We have already done. So for the year as a whole, what will be the balance amount? And I think 
so in the presentation you have mentioned the addition of 2 capacities, HFFR and one another 
compounding also that will get kicked into. If you could just explain the benefit of those? 
Arihant Bothra: 
We are building our capabilities in East for medium voltage cables. So as of now, we used to 
manufacture in West and we used to get the material for the Eastern customers. Now we are 
building those capacity. It will be happening by end of this fiscal year or by first quarter, but 
investment is already committed. 
 
Second, HFFR, as we committed earlier, we are increasing our capacities, and we target to 
increase it to 20,000 tons as we originally targeted for FY27. Now these 2 capacities are being 
added. Our new site is already located in near Vapi, which will be built and developed. So there 
will be some investment for that. And then there will be investment in the BESS business. 
Overall, we expect the year's committed investment will be in the range of INR150 crores to 
INR175-odd crores. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So at Vapi, what are we trying? We are building new factory? 
Arihant Bothra: 
So basically, we are trying to consolidate over there a few products today, we have in multiple 
plants or there are less capacities in terms of space to add more capacity. So we'll accordingly 
gradually move a few products in the new site and the existing site will have a few products. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, if time permits, can I add a few more and then join the queue? 
Arihant Bothra: 
Please. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes. Sir, interest costs have also risen. So although we maintained a... 

 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Arihant Bothra: 
Prices, there was a sudden increase in raw material prices in the month of March. And because 
of that, if you see the March inventory was comparatively higher and the debtors are 
comparatively also higher. So the immediate requirement of finance could not be driven by 
internal force. We have to look for alternative source of finance, which is the working capital 
sources. So that is the reason the finance cost has risen. And now from the month of, I will say, 
July, it has started slowly gradually coming down. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And sir, then on the debtor part and the cash conversion cycle, what is the number of days 
and how are they shaping up? 
Arihant Bothra: 
First quarter, you can understand the cash conversion cycle comparatively went up because of 
the sudden turmoil and uncertainties. Now it has again consolidated and it is coming down, and 
we expect it to be in the range of 55 to 60 days as we originally see on a regular basis. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Sir, I'm just referring to two Slide 23 number and Page number 26 -- just a second, sir. 
Yes, Slide number 24. Slide number 24, sir, we have mentioned about this Water Tree Retardant 
XLPE insulation of cable, I think. So, this was done earlier or this is something new that we are 
introducing? And if you could explain to us, what are we trying to explain to? 
Arihant Bothra: 
About this product earlier also, this is a product in the market for a long time, but we got an 
approval specifically for this from a German lab a few, I will say, 1.5-2 years ago. And from 
that time, it is being presented every quarter in the presentation. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And in terms of the order booking or this customer orientation revenue booking, we have 
not, as of now, booked any order for the same. How will that commercialize and how it will 
come? 
Arihant Bothra: 
It's a regular product. We are already supplying this product in good quantities. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhargav Buddhadev from Ambit Asset Management. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Sir, that there has been a significant volatility in raw material prices. Is it fair to say that given 
our balance sheet, we would have gained market share? And as of now, also crude continues to 
remain volatile. So can I assume that in FY27, there will be a good amount of market share gains 
as well? 
Arihant Bothra: 
Bhargav-ji, I can address this question in a different manner that we have set up this Bhiwadi 
capacity to address to the -- rather target to increase our market share in the Indian market. 
Similarly, once the domestic market majorly will be driven by this Bhiwadi unit for the local 
customers in and around Rajasthan and Delhi, some part of our capacities from West will be 
driven towards exports, specifically in Europe and as we indirectly supply for the U.S. market 
also. 
 
So overall, yes, the objective is to increase the market share and objective is to increase the 
overall revenue, considering that whatever product profile we are in, the medium and high 
voltage, there we have to also keep on increasing the voltage category over a period of time as 
a capability. 

 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Arihant, I would like to add here, whatever you have said is that in the last couple of con calls, 
we have always said that we are having lower market share in this medium voltage XLPE 
category. And that is where we see a possibility of increasing our market share, and that is why 
we went close to the customers in North by putting up a new capacity. 
 
And, of course, as Mr. Bhargav has said, that this uncertainty in the global availability and the 
pricing and logistic issue will help us to fight in a better way against the imports. Local customers 
now will be more relying upon us compared to any overseas supplier because supply chain 
disruption will lead to them coming to us in the last moment. 
 
So they would rather like to buy from us if we are able to offer the right product at the right price 
point. And this uncertainty is creating the situation where we are able to offer right quantity, 
right quality at right price point. So I'm in full agreement with what Mr. Bhargav has said that 
this will provide opportunity for us to capture a bigger market share, and we are right there with 
additional capacity with us. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
And sir, this plant in Bhiwadi which you highlighted, are we looking at new customers as well 
or we'll be supplying to existing customers only? 
Rajesh Kothari: 
We'll be supplying to existing customers only because, see, the CCV line, mostly the new 
customers are small one. So for example, the KEI is a company, which has started a plant in 
Sanand. For the CCV lines, they used to have 5, now suddenly they will have 10. So you are 
going to supply to the same customer because they have added capacity. So you get more 
business from them. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Sure. Secondly, sir, we were listening to a lot of industrial capital goods companies conference 
calls, and they have been highlighting significant growth in exports to both Middle East and U.S. 
in particular as well. So is this a sort of a war phenomenon? Or you think there is enough traction 
here as obviously data center AI as well as power infrastructure in U.S. is getting built up? So 
the demand towards U.S. all of a sudden seems to be increasing disproportionately in terms of 
exports. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
See, as far as we heard Middle East and many other markets, especially Middle East and U.S., 
they try to build safety stocks. So the order was quite strong -- for some point of time, the order 
flow was very strong for initial months of the war. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Okay. Understood. Secondly, sir, the assumption you have said that the realization, which you're 
assuming is flattish on a Y-o-Y basis, but assuming that crude remains maybe, say, around $85, 
$90, do you think that there will be postponement of demand, especially in the domestic market? 
Or you think that the inventory is so light that we'll have to press the button and start buying 
volumes? 
Rajesh Kothari: 
See, I tell you there are different segments, which will be affected by the crude prices and some 
segments which will not be affected, and some will be affected at a later date. So generally, in 
capital goods industry, what we see the impact of uptick or downward tick comes a little later 
with the time lag. So of course, if the crude remains at elevated level, then the project cost of 

 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
everybody will go up and then people might decide to slow down, okay? But we do not see that 
happening at this point of time. That is one. 
 
Second, the prices will not be driven only by the crude prices. Prices will be driven by demand, 
supply and the logistics cost. Now suppose Hormuz opens up, then despite crude remaining -- 
first crude will not remain at, say, 80, 90 or 100, it will definitely drop. But whatever you are 
hearing in the market that despite Hormuz opening, the lot of crude production has been lost. So 
that will have an impact and will keep crude prices elevated. Short-term major creation can bring 
it down, but it will gradually go up. 
 
Now if that happens, whether it will have the same impact on the polymers, I say no. Because 
again, demand supply and regional supply balances will decide and drive the trade flows and the 
pricing. And then in that case, I think we are at a right location because India has got enough 
capacity for polymers. So we would get our polymers probably at the right price and then we 
can export to the markets which are in difficulty from the logistic point of view and other aspects. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Sure. And sir, my final question is that obviously you decided to change the location from 
Ahmedabad to West Bengal. And Mr. Arihant also highlighted that in the next 5-6 days, an 
industrial policy is also likely to get announced. So given that the state has not seen a lot of 
investments since a lot of these and now there is a regime change, do you believe that the 
government will also offer a good amount of incentives to attract manufacturing and that could 
also, short-term, improve our economics in West Bengal vis-a-vis Ahmedabad? 
Arihant Bothra: 
Yes, yes. If you see, they have already announced a lot of initiatives in the last, I will say, 3 
months of time. One of the major initiatives is that there was an issue for any industry to think 
of investing where land availability was very difficult. One was the Land Ceiling Act and then 
getting the right documentation and right title of the land. What they have started is for a large 
project, government will acquire the land, consolidate and give it to the industries. This is one 
of the initiatives they have already done before announcing any incentive policy. 
 
They are already working on the incentive policy, and there has been a lot of buzz in the 
newspaper and news for the last 7, 10 days that it will be out by end of August. So we are 
awaiting that policy before taking a final decision as far as the location. However, it is clear it 
will be coming to Bengal. Where in Bengal is something which is getting finalized in the next 5 
to 7 days. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of P Yogesh, an Individual Investor. 
P Yogesh: 
Sir, again, my question is regarding this year's growth target. I agree there will be Q1 disruption 
and we grown because of the better realization. But I'm asking just hypothetically in industry -- 
in our user industry, they are growing very fast. And maybe next year, do you think that this 
growth rate may be delayed? Let's take it from Q1, it could continue and our utilization could be 
much better in next year? Or just trying to understand what's stopping the higher utilization?  
Because our consumers are growing very fast. There is a demand everywhere. There's a strong 
investment in power sector everywhere. And something is -- we have capacity, we can supply 
to -- just try to understand, is there -- we do have all approvals from our clients. So do you think 

 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
-- what would be bottleneck basically? Because the industry is growing much faster than our 
growth. 
Arihant Bothra: 
I would like to address the question in a bit different manner. Probably you are seeing the number 
from the -- in terms of revenue. 
P Yogesh: 
No, in terms of volume, sir. 
Arihant Bothra: 
In terms of volume, then let's take the volume also. So we have given a target of volume growth 
of 15-odd percent in this particular fiscal year. In the category -- product category in which we 
are servicing to all the cable customers, they are growing at a rate of average 12% to 13% only. 
And they have given the guidance around similar numbers only. The additional 2% to 3% is 
only to ensure that we have -- grab a better market share in Indian market as well as the export 
market. 
 
Why they are growing at 12% to 13%, it is because it is the segment of transmission and 
distribution. When you talk about their overall numbers, it includes the wires, which is the house 
wiring segment. It includes the EPC business and it includes the cables, which are beyond 220 
or I will say, beyond 672 kV segment, where as of now, we are not supplying to them.  
So as of now, our segment with them is 3 categories. One is the low voltage, 1.1, 3.3 segments. 
The medium voltage, I will say, ranging from 11 to 66 and so. And to some extent, we are now 
working for the high voltage for 72 to 132, where comparatively, our volumes are very less 
today. It will grow over a period of time. 
P Yogesh: 
Okay. And sir, our Q1, do you see our EBITDA per ton will continue at the exit quarter also? 
Because this quarter we've grown because of higher realization. So we do see EBITDA per kg 
or per ton could be in similar range for full year? 
Arihant Bothra: 
As I mentioned, it is very difficult to comment such things amidst uncertainties. Today, if you 
see, our order books are generally spot, and it is not beyond 10 to 15 days or probably 20 days. 
So we can comment probably up to August only. So July has been comparatively a good month. 
And August, as of now, it seems okay, minus the uncertainties which will come again in case 
there is the announcement which came last night that Iran is now considering no discussion up 
to '29 when there is a change in the President. So technically, if you ask me, it is very difficult 
to comment. We have to watch month after... 
P Yogesh: 
Sorry, sir, I completely agree. I'm just trying to ask you if you remove the volatility, what is our 
-- see, there is one gross margin one internal side and one is obviously driven by volatility in the 
raw material prices. 
Arihant Bothra: 
See, generally in the range of INR15 to INR16.5, INR17, in which we are slowly and gradually 
quarter-on-quarter basis improving. And if you add the volatility, this is volatility premium 
technically, I will say, of roughly INR2.5, INR3, which have been gained in this quarter, which 
will not be INR2, INR3 in the next quarter, it can be less also. But we cannot comment 
specifically on the figures immediately. 

 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
P Yogesh: 
Sir, I completely agree, sir. Now, I'm just saying due to better product mix in future, can we 
actually inch up somewhere in next few years? 
Arihant Bothra: 
Yes. If you see our overall product trajectory, constantly quarter-on-quarter basis, our focus had 
been to improve the product mix, and that is leading to another improving product mix in 
geographical market mix. And both these mix changes are slowly and gradually leading towards 
a better margin profile. 
 
If you compare the per ton on a quarter-on-quarter basis, every quarter at least we have grown 
by INR200 per ton. And on a volume of roughly 50,000 tons per quarter, you can understand 
that INR200 also contributes to a very good number. 
P Yogesh: 
Sir, final question from my side. Sir, in our BESS project, we will be competing with the EPC 
players, right? 
Arihant Bothra: 
Yes. 
P Yogesh: 
So in that, what is our moat basically? Because client also see the historical traditions or any 
past track record. So how do we pass that criteria? 
Arihant Bothra: 
See, there are 2 things. One is reliability and credibility. We are in active discussion with a lot 
of existing customers in this segment. And since in the power industry, we are a credible player 
as far as supplier to cable companies are concerned, and we are an approved vendor with many 
PSUs as well, so that gives an additional added advantage or you can say, hedge over others. 
As far as moat is concerned, that will come over a period of time because once you enter into 
this industry, you initially supply the product to the customers and then slowly and gradually, 
it's being a new industry; you understand the problems and you solve in a better manner. 
 
So that is an expertise as you can say, management expertise, which we have over a period of 
time in cable industry, we have survived and become the most, I will say, sought after compound 
player in the country. And that is the same objective we drive. And on a humble basis, we need 
to target and to solve the problems of the customer rather than only supplying the product to 
them. 
P Yogesh: 
And sir, for backward integration, are we open for new JVs or any kind of investment? 
Arihant Bothra: 
Yes, yes, we are always open. We are always open. There is no closing on any opportunity. 
Whenever there comes an opportunity, we always will explore and we'll then look after whether 
the opportunity is worth going forward or not. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Just putting focus on Slide number 8, wherein on the heading what lies ahead for Ddev for -- 
wherein we have done the estimate. Now, with our capacity at 3,34,400, we are expecting 
utilization levels in the vicinity of 70% for this year, sir, with 231 as our tonnage. Is that 
understanding correct, sir? 

 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Arihant Bothra: 
Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And going ahead, sir, how will this number shape up for 2028 in terms of the ramp-up 
that will happen? 
Arihant Bothra: 
So every year, there will be some addition of capacities. As of now, the immediate capacity 
addition plan, which was there, which have been approved by the Board have been presented 
and shared with the investors. And every -- you can say every year, we have been adding either 
capacity or debottlenecking it towards the better mix, product mix. And that is the same principle 
we are going to follow in future as well. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, when we talk about the mix, which was, I think XLPE has the highest contribution. So we 
are going in the similar mix for the remaining part of the year also that is that 72-odd percentage 
number in your presentation it was mentioned? 
Arihant Bothra: 
Yes. You can understand that we have added the capacities for XLPE of 48,000 tons and almost 
25,000 tons for PVC. So proportionately if you check, the XLPE will always drive the growth 
and PVC and other products will support it. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, when we look at your Slide number 14, wherein you mentioned operating in 5 high-
growth categories with 200-plus SKUs, under the engineering plastic compound, although we 
mentioned there that EBITDA margin is 10% to 15%, why is the contribution less from this 
category in terms of tonnage? And if you could just explain where do this engineering plastic 
product category fits in the whole profile? 
Arihant Bothra: 
See, engineering plastics, if you see the other product, it is much more complex than the age old, 
I will say, anti-fab and PVC compounds. The only issue is that we don't want to stick into the 
commodity segment. We want to be there in the niche segment where we can provide a solution 
to the customer rather than just providing a product.  
So right now, we are into the lighting industry. It goes into many applications, including 
automotive, lighting, FMEG and many other segments. However, we are sticking to the lighting 
industry, where we have worked for 4-plus years, and now we have much more expertise and 
knowledge, and we are able to solve a lot of problems which are being faced by the customers.  
Though the volumes are less, but EBITDA margins in that particular product profile is 
comparatively good. And that is the reason we are still sticking to the industry. And whenever 
we find that there is a better opportunity, we'll ramp up the capacities again. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, when you mentioned peroxide, it is the PVC that you are referring to. 
Arihant Bothra: 
Sorry? 
Saket Kapoor: 
In your slide, you mentioned peroxide, Slide number 20. So peroxide is the PVC, sir? 
Arihant Bothra: 
XLPE. XLPE. 

 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Sir, so I am just referring to Slide number 21, wherein you have mentioned about Bhiwadi 
in Rajasthan, 24,000 for Sioplas and 24,000 for peroxide. So, what is the differentiation? 
Arihant Bothra: 
I think low voltage and medium voltage. 
Saket Kapoor: 
One more point. Just a second. In the tonnage part, I think you said, sir, for Slide number 8, we 
have mentioned tonnage at 334, 400, wherein... 
Arihant Bothra: 
That is for tonnage for this year. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. But in terms of addition, we have a different number? 
Arihant Bothra: 
That is up to the end of this quarter, June quarter. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right. So, by the end of the year, we will be reaching the 334 number. That is what the capacity 
addition will be for? 
Arihant Bothra: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Alok Wakeel, an Individual Investor. 
Alok Wakeel: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. Sir, in continuation to further statements you did 
about supply chain disruption, is there any possibility of antidumping duty or BIS standards on 
XLPE, HFFR or PVC like government had held in December for CPVC compounds? 
Arihant Bothra: 
As of now, there is no antidumping duty investigation in any of these products nor there any 
discussion as far as BIS is concerned on the compounds. Yes, BIS has been implemented in a 
few of the raw materials specifically for the polymers and PVC resin, but it is not there as of 
now in the compound section. 
Alok Wakeel: 
Okay. And sir, sorry, if I missed on to this. How are we going to benefit from U.K. FTA deal? 
Is there any scope or...? 
Arihant Bothra: 
There are cable companies in U.K. and other countries as well. So like, EU, when you talked 
about EU FTA, we specifically mentioned in our commentary. So there is a lot of opportunity 
in the European region. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Arihant, let me add here. See, U.K., we do not have any direct export exposure yet. So with this 
U.K. FTA now, what has happened that Indian companies, cable companies have started 
exploring that market aggressively. So if they achieve business there, then definitely that in turn 
will get us indirect export business to U.K. 
 
And Indian cable companies are really targeting U.K. market aggressively. But this European 
Union FTA will have a direct benefit to us because we are already exporting to a couple of 
customers, good quantities in Europe. And the moment the duties come down, it will increase 
our competitiveness. 

 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for today. 
I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Narrindra Suranna: 
Yes. Good afternoon, everyone. This is N.K. Suranna. I, on behalf of my entire team, thank each 
and every participant profusely. And I hope that my team was able to reply all the questions 
which participants had had actually. So good luck to everyone and God bless us all. Thank you 
so very much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
