 
Date: 3rd August 2026 
To 
The Manager 
Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051, India                                                              
Symbol: SAKAR 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Con Call. 
 
Transcript of the discussion on the Un-audited Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) of the 
Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, at the analyst meet held on July 29, 2026, is attached and 
also available on the website of the Company at Sakar-Q1-FY27-Earnings-Conference-Call-Transcript.pdf 
 
This is for information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR, SAKAR HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
 
BHARAT SONI 
COMPANY SECRETARY AND  
COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
Encl: As above 
BHARATKUMAR SUKHLAL SONI
Digitally signed by BHARATKUMAR SUKHLAL SONI 
Date: 2026.08.03 15:11:34 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Sakar Healthcare Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 29, 2026 
 
 
 
 
     
      
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. BIKRAMJIT GHOSH – VICE PRESIDENT, STRATEGY AND 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT – SAKAR HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
 
MR. DHARMESH THAKER – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SAKAR HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
 
MR. BHARAT SONI – COMPANY SECRETARY – SAKAR 
HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
 
MS. PUSHPA PONMANY – MANAGER – SAKAR HEALTHCARE 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SEJAL – MUFG INTIME 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Sakar Healthcare Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by MUFG Intime. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Sejal from MUFG Intime. Thank you and over to you, 
ma'am. 
Sejal: 
Thank you, Shruthi. Welcome to Sakar Healthcare Q1 FY27 Earnings Con Call. Today on the 
call, we have Mr. Bikramjit Ghosh, Vice President Strategy and Business Development; Mr. 
Dharmesh Thaker, CFO; Mr. Bharat Soni, Company Secretary; and Ms. Pushpa Ponmany, 
Manager. 
 
Before we proceed with the call, I would like to give a small disclaimer that the call may contain 
certain forward-looking statements which are based on the business opinions and expectations 
of the company as on date. A detailed disclaimer has been given in the company's investor 
presentation which is uploaded on the stock exchange. 
 
Now, I would like to hand over the call to Ms. Pushpa. Over to you, ma'am. 
Pushpa Ponmany: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome all our shareholders, investors, and analysts and 
stakeholders to the Earnings Call of Sakar Healthcare Limited for the quarter ended 30th June 
2026. The first quarter of FY27 has been encouraging for Sakar Healthcare, both operationally 
and financially. 
 
Over the last few years, we have built an oncology business with a clear objective to establish a 
strong presence in global markets through differentiated products, regulatory-driven market 
access, and long-term commercial partnerships. As we move forward, we see Sakar evolving 
into a predominantly oncology-led export franchise. 
 
Our efforts across product development, dossiers, marketing authorization, technology transfers, 
and API integration are all aligned towards building a larger and more sustainable oncology 
export business over the coming years. What we are witnessing today is a steady increase in 
opportunities across all three areas. 
 
During the quarter, we executed more than 65 oncology product contracts and advanced 
discussions for over 50 additional opportunities across multiple international markets. This 
growing activity reflects the increasing demand for oncology products and the rising acceptance 
of Sakar among global pharmaceutical companies. 
 
A major focus area for us continues to be market access. The strength of any global oncology 
business is determined not only by the products it develops, but by the markets it can access and 
commercialize them in. During the quarter, we shared 261 oncology dossiers globally, with 178 
already submitted and 16 marketing authorizations received.  

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
We also completed 26 European filings, including 15 own filings. What is particularly important 
is that every approval expands our footprint into new markets and creates additional 
opportunities for future product launches. Today, our regulatory pipeline is wider than it has 
been ever, providing us with increased visibility across regulated as well as emerging markets.  
 
At the same time, our product portfolio continues to deepen. We have now developed 55 
oncology molecules with 32 dossiers ready for launch globally. This allows us to continuously 
engage with partners across different regions while broadening our commercialization 
opportunities.  
 
Another area where we are seeing meaningful progress is customer engagement. Technology 
transfer projects have become an increasingly important part of our oncology business model. 
We currently have 33 ongoing oncology technology transfer projects with leading 
pharmaceutical companies, including Accord-Intas, Torrent, Emcure, Glenmark, and Zydus. 
 
Seven projects have already secured site variation approvals across the UK and European Union. 
These projects are important because they create long-term relationships and establish Sakar as 
a strategic manufacturing partner rather than simply a product supplier. 
 
Our collaboration with Zydus Lifesciences during the quarter further reinforces this trend and 
marks our 40th global anti-cancer product agreement. We also continue to strengthen the 
economics of our business through backward integration. 
 
With 21 oncology APIs developed in-house, including 16 APIs supported by written 
confirmations along with CEP approvals and ongoing CEP applications, we are steadily 
improving control over our supply chain while enhancing our competitiveness in international 
markets. 
 
All of this is supported by our integrated EU-GMP approved oncology facility at Bavla, which 
remains our cornerstone of our export strategy and enables us to address opportunities across 
oral solids, injectables, oral liquid, and API from a single manufacturing platform. What gives 
us confidence about the future is not only the strength of our pipeline but also the scalability of 
the platform we have created. 
 
The Bavla oncology facility has been designed with significant growth potential and we believe 
it can support revenues of INR800 crores to INR1,000 crores at optimal utilization over the next 
4 to 5 years without requiring any major incremental capital expenditure. Given the current level 
of utilization, we continue to see substantial headroom for growth, operating leverage, and 
margin expansion as product registrations convert into commercial launches and export volumes 
scale up. 
 
Alongside oncology, our Changodar facility continues to support our non-oncology operations, 
providing stability through CDMO services, injectables, oral solids, and branded formulations. 
Our export portfolio today spans APAC, Latin America, CIS, Africa, and selected European 
markets, creating a diversified international revenue base. We are also encouraged by the 
recognition received from the Ethiopian Pharmaceutical Supply Services, where Sakar was 
recognized as one of the best suppliers for 2024-2025. 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
We believe such recognition reflects our growth, credibility, execution capability, and 
commitment to serving international healthcare markets. Coming to our financial performance, 
revenue from operations for quarter 1, financial year 2027 stood at INR7,297 lakhs, delivering 
a year-on-year growth of 38%. EBITDA increased by 67% to INR2,125 lakhs, while EBITDA 
margins improved to 29%. Profit after tax stood at INR1,028 lakhs, recording a growth of 120% 
over the corresponding quarter for the previous year. 
 
Our oncology division continued to demonstrate strong momentum during the quarter, making 
a meaningful contribution to the company's overall performance. Export revenues also witnessed 
healthy year-on-year growth, reflecting our expanding global footprint and increasing 
acceptance of products in international markets. The improvement in profitability reflects a 
combination of better product mix, higher operating leverage, increasing contribution from 
oncology products, and continued execution discipline across the organization. 
 
As we look ahead, we believe the opportunity before us is substantial. The global oncology 
market continues to expand, while demand for compliant and reliable oncology manufacturing 
partners remains strong. With a growing dossier base, increasing approvals, expanding 
technology transfer activities, and deeper customer engagements, we are building a platform that 
is becoming progressively stronger with every quarter. 
 
Our focus remains simple: increase registration, expand launches, deepen partnerships, and grow 
oncology exports across global markets. We believe this approach will continue to strengthen 
Sakar's position as a global oncology-focused pharmaceutical company and create a sustainable 
value for all our stakeholders. 
 
Before I conclude, I would like to thank our Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Sanjay Shah, 
our Board of Directors, employees, customers, global partners, and shareholders for their 
continued support and trust. We thank you. 
 
We will now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Priyanshu Jain from Growth X Infinity. Please proceed. 
Priyanshu Jain: 
Hi, am I audible? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes. 
Priyanshu Jain: 
Hi, so congratulations first of all on great set of results. Sir, I have few questions. First will be 
on the expansion side as we don't require any further capex for the next few years I would 
consider. So, can you just share the pipeline like the molecules which are going to commercialize 
for this year or for the next year? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes, actually during the commentary it has been told that we have already developed 55 
oncology molecules in-house and currently we have 32 ready dossiers for these molecules as 
well. So, we have already a robust pipeline of around 23 products for which we have the dossiers 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
to be prepared as well. Along with that, this facility supports also development of other 
molecules which are coming off-patent. 
 
So, there are another 6-7 molecules which can be also taken up in the same setup which will be 
off-patent in the coming maybe couple of years. So, that builds a robust portfolio in terms of 
branded generics in India as well as abroad where the oncology generics are of top demand based 
on which we have selected these products. So, this does not require any further expansion or 
setup capex something like that to support whatever we have taken the objective in the coming 
3-4 years’ time. 
Priyanshu Jain: 
Great. Sir, also second question will be on the average customer. Sir, like how the discussion 
started and till the final execution of the things, like, can you share the how the timeline works 
in our case? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
See, as we have already mentioned, 178 dossiers have already been submitted in different 
regulatory agencies worldwide. So, each have their own timeline of approving that which 
normally ranges on an average of 12 months. So, with 178 in the pipeline right now we have 
received 16 approvals from them. 
 
We are moving ahead in the coming -- this financial year we are looking to double that number. 
And in the next year we are trying to reach total number of 100 plus dossier approvals or 
registrations which will support the whatever the revenue we are planning for in the coming 2-
3 years. 
 
And obviously 178 is going to increase as well, because we have another 50 plus dossier which 
is about to be submitted maybe in next 1 or 2 quarters' time. So, this will be a dynamic number 
and quarter-over-quarter we'll be having an addition of around 25 to 30 dossiers from the next 
financial year. 
Priyanshu Jain: 
Great sir. So, next question will be on the research and development side as like there is lot of 
research which goes in the like R&D of these APIs and all. So, like how we like hire people in 
this division that like is so if you just throw some light on that aspect? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
We do have a as you rightly mentioned we do have a robust R&D, F&D and ADL lab to support 
this product development where more than 30 odd different high-tech people are working who 
have experience of working with cytotoxics over years. So, there we have some complex 
molecules in terms of peptides, in terms of liposomal products. You may have heard about the 
nab-paclitaxel so this type of products liposomal doxorubicin. 
 
So, this type of products we are planning which we have already developed in-house but now 
the thing is that we need to push forward in terms of market feasibility and then we can take up 
the pilot batches and scale up. So, that is in the evaluation phase commercially and but in-house 
we have developed those type of those range of products for which we do have the potential. 
Priyanshu Jain: 
Okay. And sir like the research and development part like emphasize on deeply on that again 
that recently the government has announced a robust budget for the like in this space only. So, 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
like are we planning to get any funds for research and development in this space only like from 
the government like do we have any plans further? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Right now we do not have because we are currently self-sufficient in terms of funding our bis-
developments in terms of because these products what we have right now developing or 
developed just few months back or something like that, that we have already planned couple of 
years before. So, that was irrespective of any grant from any of means government or any other 
agencies. 
Priyanshu Jain: 
Okay sir, great sir. Thank you, that's all from my side. All the best. 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv from Leo Capital. Please proceed. 
Dhruv: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes, you are. 
Dhruv: 
Okay, so sir I have two questions on the oncology business. My first question is over the next 
three-four year as the pipeline converts into our commercial supplies, how large can the 
oncology business become for us both in absolute terms and the proportion of consolidated 
revenue would be a great number as well. And within that growth, which geography are we 
seeing maximum potential in? Is it primarily Europe on the back of EU-GMP approvals or is it 
into ROW markets like Africa, Southeast Asia or so? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
First of all regarding the potential I feel during the commentary it has already been mentioned 
that INR800 crores to INR1,000 crores we can easily pick up considering the product mix with 
our current facility what we have. So, that is the potential we also are looking forward maybe 
down the line in around three to four years’ time. And regarding the trade what you are looking 
forward to in terms of our reach, definitely we have already segmented the market. 
 
In terms of that we have identified that Europe and some of the other markets like Colombia, 
Mexico in Latin America, then in Africa we have identified in the Eastern African four countries, 
then in the Asia Pacific also including Australia, New Zealand along with that Philippines, 
Vietnam, Malaysia and Thailand. 
 
So, these are clusters which we have already identified and we are moving ahead in submitting 
our dossiers to these targeted markets only. So, this 178 will predominantly you will find 90% 
of the dossiers have gone to these markets . So, thereby the potential lies as a return in terms of 
revenue from these markets only in which will contribute majorly to this revenue figure which 
I have told in three to four years’ time. 
Dhruv: 
That's great. That's really helpful. Sir, my second question is on the margin potential. On margin 
side if we see as the business scales up towards say optimal capacity utilization and also we get 
benefit of API backward integration, what margin potential do we see for oncology at scale? Is 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
there any room to move structurally beyond 25% to 30% range and what would be the key levers 
if any? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
See, if you see the EBITDA margin is now healthy in terms of moving over 25% which we have 
been maintaining or sustaining maybe for the last couple of years. So, it is about to maybe 
reaching around 30% in course of time what we are seeing with the evolving oncology business 
contributing maybe around INR93 crores, INR94 crores in the last financial year and this also 
this time also it is showing a quite healthy growth this quarter onwards. 
 
And considering the business what we are building up in terms of three major areas what we are 
looking forward to CMO as well as exports and the API. So, I feel so it will be soon crossing 
the 30% margin EBITDA in maybe in by the end of this financial year or something like that.  
 
And considering a backward integration with the API as you have heard about that we are 
already integrated with CEP. So, once we integrate that with our current product portfolio that 
will push those products which will be integrated to have a margin nearby around 35% plus. But 
those will be selected products for which we'll be having the API with CEP. 
Dhruv: 
Okay sir. Thank you so much. That was all from my side. All the best for the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Hi, good afternoon everyone and congratulations for the good set of numbers. So, my first 
question is, you know last three quarters we have been in this INR70 crores to INR75 crores 
range while if we look at the MAs that we have got or the approval registrations that we have 
got and the pipeline all have moved up. So, how do we look at the you know this quarterly 
number going to INR85 crores, INR90 crores, what kind of timeline, what has to work for us to 
reach to that number if you can talk about that? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes, you are right because the business was heavily dependent upon the Changodar business 
and the CMO model of business which we are operating for oncology since the past quarter or 
maybe the last quarter also. But once the export starts picking up this number will increase 
because the contribution from that arena is right now not so significant enough. 
 
Although we have done more than 50 plus or maybe rather 60 plus agreements or contracts 
overseas with more than 15 contracts in the domestic market, considering the 50 or odd contracts 
which are currently having the dossiers or the site variations under progress, the exports till now 
is not contributing or adding that significant value to this business. 
 
So, once it comes up which you can see from this quarter onwards or maybe in the coming third 
quarter onwards, so this will significantly boost up and whatever the figure you are telling you 
will be getting that number from that quarter onwards. Maybe second end or third quarter 
beginning. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it sir, very clear. And sir second question is on the you know MAs that we have received I 
think you know on the European side you know the approval process probably is taking longer 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
because we had six MAs and we are kind of remaining in the same range. So, how about 
commercializing those MAs in our own name and what where are we in the process, have we 
commercialized any MAs you know and how do we look at the MAs coming through for the 
current year so if you can talk about the commercialization on our own MA part? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
See, as I mentioned in the past interaction also the receiving an MA is a process where we do 
not have a direct control. But having said that right now we have 16 MAs we have received 
worldwide with our submissions which our partners are holding barring one MA which we are 
holding in the Europe. 
 
So, right now what currently is there is we are in the pipeline of submission or actually the 
logistic part is working on supplying these products in different parts of the world, primarily to 
the European market because first MA we have received from Bulgaria. 
 
Those three products purchase order has already been processed and we are expecting that that 
will be dispatched in couple of months’ time because the purchase order has been come -- has 
been received the product has been already manufactured and we are in the process of dispatch 
for those products right now. 
 
So, there we have received six MAs from that country and right now three are in the process of 
dispatch. So, that because the thing is that one should understand this is the first time the teething 
problem comes in terms of logistics. We have certain processes to follow like we have the 
serialization process which has to be established in the very fast way. 
 
So, these are the two important parameters, and we have the overseas partners basically who 
will be managing this because then we have the Batch testing n release Lab also who is sitting 
in Bulgaria. So, so all these overseas things we are coordinating and we are looking forward to 
dispatch in this quarter only. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it. I have more questions, I'll come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, if you can tell us how much were the oncology revenue for 
this quarter, and what was the split between domestic and exports in that and yes, that was my 
first question. 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes, so for the first quarter the oncology business was around INR33 crores of which around 
INR6.5 crores was exports and rest was domestic. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay, okay. And sir on the tech transfer part, we had two tech transfers which had been done 
for Accord and Intas as per the last con-call. So, how many tech transfers have now been 
completed with them, and how do you see ramp up in revenues happening because this was 
expected to be a big growth driver for us, any tenders that we have won through for these 
products for which the tech transfer is completed? 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
 
So, if you can give some color on how the tech transfer thing is progressing and how do you see 
this progressing over the next few quarters for Accord, Intas as well as for other companies like 
Torrent in UK and Germany? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes, there were, if you recollect there are total two major partners for which we are doing the 
tech transfer for the overseas market, Intas, Accord and Torrent. In Torrent we have two, one in 
Germany that is Heumann and another in UK that is Torrent UK. Right now, we have seven 
approvals of the site variations which has already been received, out of which five are for Accord 
for the Europe. 
 
The molecules are Imatinib, Azacitidine, Exemestane, Sorafenib, all four are oral solids, tablets 
and Cytarabine injection. Out of which three products have already been commercialized, we 
have dispatched, right now they must be in the releasing phase and in the launching phase in the 
respective market. And for the for the Torrent part, we have also received one, means, we have 
been awarded means our Torrent has been awarded in Germany for the tender with the product 
of Letrozole we have already dispatched to them. 
 
So, now we'll be supplying in due course because these are supplied in different milestones, so 
we'll be doing in supplying those in instalments. And Torrent UK also have received the product. 
So both the both the partner means partner company the Torrent UK and Germany both have 
received the products. Exemestane also has received they have received means Letrozole and 
Exemestane both they have been awarded the tender in Germany. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. So, so how do you see scale up in the revenues happening for this tech transfers let’s say 
this year, we are targeting almost a INR200 crores revenue from our oncology division. So, like 
how should we differentiate between -- how much revenues will be from the domestic supply 
that we are already doing, how much from this tech transfers and how much from the MAs that 
we have filed in our own name? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
So, if you see the split right now the export contribution is on a lower side if we see the last 
financial year. But going ahead we are seeing that it is on a right now on a picking up as we start 
exporting the products for these overseas partners as I told Accord and Torrent. And along with 
that we'll be adding up also Emcure because their partner company Tillomed in UK which is 
also a big name, so they will be also receiving the products from us. 
 
So, which you are seeing a minuscule figure which my colleague has just mentioned few minutes 
back of just only INR6 lakhs or something odd INR6 crores business which is coming maybe 
for the quarter, that we are looking forward to maybe around making 10 times of it roughly at 
the end of year that value through exports. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay, okay. So, INR60 crores to INR70 crores export revenue we are expecting from oncology 
division this year. 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
This will come comprise of both the site variation as well as the MA-based exports what we'll 
be having. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure, sure. And how should we look at this number for FY28? 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
FY28 again this will be the number which we may be looking forward to double that number 
because then the MA number of marketing authorizations will be touching more than 100. Which 
we are right now sitting on 16, looking forward to double in the same financial -- in this current 
financial year, so the subsequent or the next financial year we'll be looking for a figure of 100 
plus marketing authorization. And that will easily land up to a figure which we are looking 
forward to doubling that number of 60. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay, okay. And how much should we look for the onco contribution in FY28, overall as a 
business as a segment? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
In that it will be around roughly the three times of what we have achieved in the last financial 
year. So, that is what we are looking forward to. Last year what we have achieved we are trying 
to double this year, this financial year and the subsequent or the next financial year, we'll be 
looking for a figure of around three times of the previous year what we have achieved. This more 
than 100% growth. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay, okay. So, close to INR280 crores-INR300 crores of revenues from oncology in FY28? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Right, right. So, that is the figure roughly we are aiming at. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. Okay, okay. Thanks sir and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavika from Niveshaay. Please proceed. 
Bhavika: 
Hello. Am I audible? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes, please. 
Bhavika: 
So, sir, as we mentioned that currently, we are doing like around the INR6 crores of export. I 
just want to know that in oncology, how much part is our own because we have a  CMO majorly 
in on the oncology side? 
 
So, are we able to do any sale on our own MA or any other way? And when we talk about 
domestic sales like in oncology is it totally 100% from the  CMO or it's somewhere on the own 
brand sales also? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
See, regarding the first question of yours that is the own marketing authorization, as I told you 
we right now have one marketing authorization for which we are aligning for the sales. This is 
in the Balkan region. Apart from that we are also trying to develop our own marketing 
authorization portfolio in the European market because that helps in terms of our total control in 
which market we want to go with the marketing authorization because as in Europe, you can 
cover as at a stretch with one registration for 30 markets just by running some procedures which 
takes roughly two to three months' time. 
 
So, that is why we are trying to means have some marketing authorizations in our portfolio for 
which we are looking right now for a number of around 15 which we have already processed 
for. Regarding the second question what you have mentioned our domestic business is driven by 
both the CMO business as well as the APIs because in oncology API is also quite critical, very 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
few manufacturers are there. And we understand the end users' requirement so our APIs are more 
customized for the people who are manufacturing or manufacturers who are with the oncology. 
 
But having said that we operate with more than 15 key customers who are mostly playing 
regionally in the Indian subcontinent. So, they take one or the two products or molecules in the 
finished dose form through us that is under CMO model. 
 
Apart from that we also work for the major clients of ours of which already we have mentioned 
about Intas, Torrent, Zydus, Glenmark, Emcure. So, these are the major partners which we with 
whom we are already manufacturing and supplying their products. So, this is the domestic 
business how it is means the composition is derived at. 
Bhavika: 
Got it. So, can you tell me the revenue which we are making from the API business and how we 
expect it to grow going forward? And one more thing that as we are doing CMO and also, we 
are going forward we are going to do the MA side. So, how the margin differs in both the model 
if you can share that information? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
See, right now the once you see the total business mix is not so well balanced in terms of exports 
not contributing that much as on last figures what we have received. So, API contributions looks 
a little bit on a higher side in terms of around nearing around 30% contribution but to the total 
sale. But having said that, this will marginally grow over years because we'll be using it captive 
on a better way so that we become more prepared and more self-dependent in coming times. So, 
that is what the objective moving ahead. Regarding what was your second question in that? 
Bhavika: 
On the margin side. 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
On the margin part the CMO part obviously you can understand the partners are little bit aware 
of the market and there are some understanding in terms of whatever the API costing and other  
compositions are made of. So, there we have the margins which you can see right now the 
EBITDA of nearing around 30% so it will hover like that. But once you move into the exports 
and particularly with an integrated API, then the margins will -- EBITDA margin will be more 
healthy roughly around 35% or even  more. 
Bhavika: 
Okay, got it. That's all. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rupesh from Longequity Partners. Please 
proceed. 
Rupesh: 
Yes, hello sir. Thank you Bikramjit ji for the opportunity and congratulations on good set of 
numbers. 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Thank you. 
Rupesh: 
Yes, my question is follow up to one of the earlier participant. So, now we are at this INR70 
crores run rate for last three quarters and I think we we've given a guidance of INR350 crores so 
next three quarters needs to be INR90 crores sort of run rate. And you replied that because export 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
contribution will grow over the year. So, we are on track for this INR90 crores quarterly run rate 
over next one or two quarters, I am taking that as an confirmation that it's fair understanding? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes, Yes, that is the absolutely you are right. If you see the presentation as well, we have the 
261 dossier in the already which we have already in the market which have been evaluated, some 
have been submitted 178 which has been submitted and 90 odd dossiers are also remain in the 
partners' hand which is to be submitted in maybe one or two quarters' time. So, you can 
understand the potential which then the export is going to give us with 250 odd registration 
coming up in couple of years' time. So, that is what we are looking forward to maybe after this 
financial year that is the boost what we are actually looking forward to. 
Rupesh: 
Okay, okay. So, the second question is we received these two CEP approvals, two APIs got 
approved. So, when do you expect them to commercialize and how many more approvals can 
we see in this year? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
See, the CEP the APIs with CEP right now we have two approvals for Gefitinib and Cytarabine. 
So, both the products we have the finished dose in our ready dossier list. So, right now our 
objective will be to backward integrate rather than going and selling in the market. Because that 
will make us more robust with our pipeline. 
 
Obviously if there is an opportunity business we'll look forward to that but that is not our priority 
rather than backward integration will be a priority on that. And just for your other information 
we have another five in the API pipeline of ours of 21 developed which we are also preparing 
for the approval of CEP. So, that will take us to the total number of around seven. 
 
So, out of 21, seven will be having an approval with CEP maybe in next few quarters,. And  
thereby 33% if you can understand of our products will be then backward integrated. So, that is 
the objective what we are looking forward to moving ahead. 
Rupesh: 
That's perfect. All the best Bikramjit ji. 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avnish Tiwari from Vaikarya Advisors. Please 
proceed. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
Hi, this revenue of INR33 crores including INR6.5 crores of export I'm assuming this is linked 
to site variation not the marketing authorization one. So, you can confirm that. And how you 
think this INR33 crores will look like for the full fiscal year 27 if you can just break it down 
between domestic onco, site variation kind of onco which is deemed export kind of thing and 
the marketing authorization base which will kick in in Q3 and Q4. 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
See, the it's Q2, Q3, Q4-wise bifurcation will be a little bit like now difficult on that sense. But 
having said that Q3, Q4 will be more export contribution will be coming up considering the 
marketing authorization alignment and thereby the supply of the oncology products to overseas 
market. And we are looking for revenue what I have told that is doubling the last year's number. 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
 
So, in that what we can expect means export will roughly come up to around 30% contribution 
to the total sale what we can look forward to. So, that brings roughly what we can expect it will 
catch up with the CMO or the domestic part which will roughly contribute around 40%. So, API 
will be around 25% so that will be 65% and around 30% will be coming around from the export 
business. So, that is what the mix we are looking forward to, end of FY27. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
And total revenue would be as second question total revenue would be? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Roughly double the number what we have achieved last year.  
Avnish Tiwari: 
Onco or the full company you are talking about the double the number? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Oncology. Oncology because the relevant question was with oncology actually. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
Yes, so INR100 crores going to INR200 crores right. Hello? 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Yes sir. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from 
Sapphire Capital. Please proceed. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Am I audible sir? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Yes, thank you very much sir for this opportunity. Sir, just wanted to understand first up so what 
sort of growth we are looking at on the non-oncology like CDMO, API over next two-three years 
a sort of CAGR? And what's the EBITDA margin profile difference between oncology versus a 
non-oncology? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
See, right now the focus of ours is oncology having the setup what we have right now with API 
integration and a research unit in place. So, the non-oncology portion where we will be expecting 
a growth what pharmaceutical industries are right now having around 7% to 8%. So, that is up 
to there with have -- we have more than 270 odd marketing authorizations there and well spread 
in terms of our product portfolio what we have with the emerging market as the focus. 
 
So, there we are not that much of concentrating right now so it is more or less in a state where 
we can grow with the generic on that pace which the market is growing at. Now, considering 
that… 
Deepak Poddar: 
 So, you are talking about 7%, 8% CAGR? I mean, did I hear correctly? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes, roughly year over year that is what the growth you are right now getting also if you calculate 
for the last two-three years. Because that is the again a generic product going to the emerging 
market. So, once you grow by 8% to 9% also there are certain competition, there are certain 
price erosion so everything factored in we can grow around 7% to 8% as per market trend with 
the non-oncology. 
 
But with the oncology the thing is that where we are putting in more of focus and more of inputs 
have already gone in. So, there we can look around doubling the sale year over year so that what 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
we are trying to do this year as well as planning for the next year also which I have already told 
around 3x of the previous year  figure what we achieved. And regarding the what again? the 
EBITDA margin right you have asked for? 
Deepak Poddar: 
Yes. 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
So,  if you track the EBITDA margin of the non-oncology for the past few years it is around 
25% because that is where the trick is we want to focus more into oncology. Because oncology 
has a potential of moving that to 30% or even higher. So, where the basically the margins are 
higher one should concentrate so that is the reason why we are trying to concentrate there only. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So, currently your oncology margin is 30% or potentially? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
If you see the last Yes, last quarter it was around 27% this also we have increased by around 2% 
on that. So, quarter over quarter as I told it will yearly we are looking for a reaching around 
nearby 30% this year on a yearly basis.  
Deepak Poddar: 
On the yearly basis. Okay. And at full utilization I mean is 30% is your aspiration or it can go 
even higher in oncology? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
As I told earlier also the API integration will push that contribution -- EBITDA margin to around 
35% or even higher. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. And this will happen by when? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
So, this also again we have already two CEPs in process we are trying to integrate that right now 
the process is ongoing. Another five already we have in the pipeline where we have processed 
for seven API, APIs with CEPs we are planning for within next few quarters, maybe two to three 
quarters. So, that is what we are looking forward to. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay understood. That’s very clear sir. I mean and very helpful also and that would it from my 
side. Wish you all the best. Thank you so much. 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shubham Aggarwal from Burman Capital. 
Please proceed. 
Shubham Aggarwal: 
So, yes hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I just wanted to understand this oncology 
revenue going from INR100 crores to INR200 crores. So, out of that incremental INR100 crores 
can you just help us understand how much would be the contribution of the seven site variation 
approvals that you have achieved till date? 
 
How much will be your own earnings and then what will be the growth in your domestic CMO 
business? And that is what you can help us understand? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes, this I have touched upon this in my previous answer. Around 30% is the export what we 
are looking forward to once we go means plan to double the previous year oncology sale. And 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
in that obviously the contribution of the marketing authorization what we have come will be 
around 70% to 75%. Rest will be certain we are already exporting our site variation products so 
that contribution will come up. 
Shubham Aggarwal: 
So, site variation approvals then will just contribute about in absolute terms about INR25 crores 
to INR30 crores is that the right understanding? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
So, it will be some we directly export some goes through via our partners. Because Intas is 
already there so they take it from us and then export. Same thing with Torrent. So, some we 
directly export some goes through them. So, considering that 70% to 75% will be the marketing 
authorizations which will be the exports contribution from our means we will get and rest 25% 
which will be directly exporting under CMO business model. 
Shubham Aggarwal: 
Understood, understood sir. And sir out of this what I understand from our last call is that Intas 
deal in itself was about INR50 crores to INR100 crores in terms of incremental revenue. So, a 
large part of the contribution would be driven by this deal and like or will it be like equally 
driven by your Intas, Torrent and your own MAs? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
See, as I told you there are five major partners of ours like Intas, Accord, Torrent, Emcure, 
Tillomed, then Glenmark and Zydus. So, these are the top obviously these they have the high 
size means size-wise they are big and they contribute more. But having said that, we have our 
exports to support our overall exports from India. 
 
And we do have also some regional players 15 plus regional players who are also taking products 
on a regular basis under CMO model from us. So, the big companies may have a number of 
products and their value-wise they may be on a higher side, but we have skewed not skewed the 
business towards only the five players we have another 15 players who are also supporting us 
on based on their sales with oncology products which may be regionally or maybe nationally. 
Shubham Aggarwal: 
Understood sir, understood. And sir just a bookkeeping question, if we talk only about the 
domestic CMO business, and here I am only talking about products which are sold to your 
partners meant for domestic sales. What was the contribution in FY26 and what is the 
contribution in absolute terms you are expecting in FY27? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
This is regarding the domestic business? 
Shubham Aggarwal: 
Yes. So I am talking about just domestic CMO where you are selling the products to your 
partners for the domestic IPM market not about the deemed exports, not your other export CMO 
business. 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Roughly it was INR35 crores last year domestic CMO and this year we are going to double that 
number. Because we have, we have certain companies like Emcure, Glenmark and Zydus not to 
full potential in terms of the domestic business so their contribution will add up along with other 
partners who will also multiply because every company grows, if you see in Indian market also 
companies whom we work with they have their own plans of growing 15%, 20% year-over-year. 
So that figure will also help us grow in our number. 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Shubham Aggarwal: 
Understood sir. And just one last question sir. What was the contribution of API last year and 
API contribution last year in oncology business? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
API as I told you last year it would be around 30% will be the API contribution. 
Shubham Aggarwal: 
So, out of that INR95 crores roughly INR27 crores, INR28 crores was API? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Right. 
Shubham Aggarwal: 
Understood. Thank you sir, thank you for answering my questions. 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraints, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Thank you investors and stakeholders. Thank you for joining for Q1 FY27 conference call. 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Sakar Healthcare Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
