Rakesh 
Muljibhai 
Darji
Digitally signed by 
Rakesh Muljibhai 
Darji 
Date: 2026.08.14 
15:04:31 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Raymond Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 07, 2026 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
  
 
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAKESH TIWARY – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. GAUTAM MAINI – MD, ENGINEERING BUSINESS  
 
MR. SANJEEV SHARMA – JOINT MD & CEO, JKMPTL  
 
MR. NAVIN SHARMA – CFO, ENGINEERING BUSINESS  
 
MR. SUNNY DESA – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DHIRENDRA TIWARI – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJEEV ZARBADE – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Raymond Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dhirendra Tiwari from Antique Stock Broking Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Dhirendra Tiwari: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking Limited, I would like to welcome all the 
participants to Q1 FY27 conference call of Raymond Limited. 
 
Today, we have with us from the senior management of Raymond Limited, Mr. Rakesh Tiwary, 
Group Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Gautam Maini, MD, Engineering Business; Mr. Sanjeev 
Sharma, Joint MD and CEO, JKMPTL; Mr. Navin Sharma, CFO, Engineering Business; and 
Mr. Sunny Desa, Head, Investor Relations. 
 
Let me start with, first of all, congratulating the whole team for doing a remarkable job in terms 
of the business and the growth opportunities explaining to investors, and that's a superb job done 
So, far. 
 
Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Gautam Maini to take the discussion forward. 
Over to you, Gautamji. Thank you. 
Gautam Maini: 
Thank you, Tiwariji. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today in our Q1 FY27 
results conference call. I hope everyone has had an opportunity to go through our financial 
results and investor presentation, which have been uploaded on the stock exchanges as well as 
on the company's website. 
 
Moving ahead, let me start by talking about the broader macroeconomic landscape that has 
influenced our performance and strategic decisions. India commenced FY27 on a strong footing 
with Q1 real GDP expanding at an estimated 7%, driven by sustained industrial momentum, 
robust GST collections, and a sharp rebound in export activity. 
 
While the ongoing West Asia conflict continues to introduce localized supply chain friction and 
energy market fluctuations, domestic manufacturing has demonstrated high structural 
adaptability. Crucially, the global trade environment for Indian engineering exports has 
transitioned into a highly favourable phase. 
 
Look at the India-U.K. Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement, the CETA, which 
entered into force on 15 July 2026, serves as a pivotal catalyst for India's engineering and 
industrial sectors. By eliminating tariffs, which previously reached up to 18% on categories like 
machinery, auto components, and metalwork, the agreement grants India-based precision 
suppliers immediate cost competitiveness in the U.K. market. 
 
Following the recalibration and subsequent rollbacks of punitive U.S. tariff measures earlier this 
year, trade clarity has returned to the North American corridor. With destocking cycles 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
Page 3 of 15 
 
concluding and tariff uncertainties receding, export orders for Indian automotive and industrial 
precision components are witnessing a sharp demand revival. 
 
Let's look at the export revival. Building on the record-breaking performance of FY26, the 
domestic auto sector maintained solid momentum through Q1 of FY27. On the international 
front, the automotive component export channel has shifted back into growth territory. The dual 
benefit of the U.K. FTA implementation and rollback of restrictive U.S. tariffs has restored 
competitive export pricing. Global Tier 1 buyers are actively rebuilding inventory buffers, 
driving strong order inflows for complex machined components and drivetrain subassemblies. 
 
Aerospace, let's look at the accelerated fleet ramp-up and sourcing execution. The global 
aerospace sector has entered into a decisive ramp-up phase in Q1 FY27 as major OEMs 
aggressively address historical order backlogs. OEMs recorded strong midyear momentum 
stabilizing at higher target production rates. While titanium and aerospace-grade alloy 
constraints persisted into late FY26, raw material supply channels and engine production 
schedules have gradually unblocked in Q1 of FY27, converting record order books into 
executable assembly volumes. 
 
India's position as a core aerospace manufacturing hub continues to expand with global OEM 
sourcing commitments well on track towards multibillion-dollar milestones. Protected by 
stringent qualification protocols and a formidable compliance moat, our precision aerospace 
engineering business remains uniquely insulated from low-cost competition, ensuring long-term 
value, revenue visibility, and margin stability as global build rates accelerate. 
 
Let's look at the consolidated performance. Raymond Limited continued its growth momentum 
and delivered a healthy quarterly performance, reporting a total income of INR628 crores, 
reflecting a 13% increase compared to the same quarter of the previous financial year. EBITDA 
grew by 14% Y-o-Y to INR100 crores with an EBITDA margin of 15.9% in Q1 of FY27 versus 
the total income of INR555 crores in Q1 FY26, delivering an EBITDA of INR87 crores with an 
EBITDA margin of 15.7% in Q1 FY26. 
 
Q1 FY27 performance continued to be anchored by the Aerospace, Defence, and Precision 
Technology divisions. We are witnessing an accelerated transition as domestic engineering 
vendors migrate beyond standard component machining into high-complexity subsystems, 
critical aero-engine modules, and precision-engineered assemblies. 
 
Backed by strong trade tailwinds, capacity expansions, and strict qualification barriers, this 
evolving capability mix significantly elevates contract stickiness, protects operating margins, 
and provides unparalleled long-term revenue visibility as global aerospace and mobility supply 
chains realign around preferred Indian suppliers. 
 
To further diversify our revenue channels, we are capitalizing on our OEM-grade manufacturing 
ecosystem and contract production capabilities for critical automotive components and white 
label products to establish an aftermarket business scheduled for commercial rollout in Q2 of 
FY27. Going forward, we continue to remain optimistic about the future growth trajectory given 
our expansion strategy in new product categories and new geographies. 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
Let's look at segmental performance, starting with the Aerospace business, JK Maini Global 
Aerospace Limited, JKMGAL. At the segment level, the Aerospace and Defence business 
reported a robust performance with revenue of INR123 crores, which is 40% year-on-year 
growth, and EBITDA of INR26 crores, which is a 25% year-on-year growth, and an EBITDA 
margin of 21.2% in Q1 FY27 versus revenue of INR87 crores with an EBITDA of INR21 crores 
and an EBITDA margin of 23.7% in Q1 FY26. 
 
The Q1 FY27 performance was anchored by a major expansion in production capacity driven 
with a higher revenue realization across key aerospace OEMs and Tier 1 programs. EBITDA 
margins saw temporary compression as we incurred major R&D expenses and expenditures, 
which we naturally write off as explained on earlier occasions to unlock the 40% revenue 
expansion. As these newly developed programs transition into steady-state production, EBITDA 
margins will stabilize. 
 
Forward-looking indicators remain positive with strong RFQ activity. As external supply chain 
friction normalizes, our enhanced capacity positioning ensures seamless execution against a 
growing multiyear order book. We currently have a robust 10-year order book of INR5,960-plus 
crores and an active RFQ pipeline of INR1,632 crores. On strategic initiatives, we have 
commenced mass production of precision defence components. 
 
Let us now move on to the Precision Technology and Auto Components, which is JK Maini 
Precision Technology Limited, JKMPTL. At the segment level, the Precision Technology and 
Auto Components reported a revenue of INR444 crores, which is 11% year-on-year growth with 
an EBITDA of INR61 crores, which is a 46% year-on-year growth, and EBITDA margin of 
13.8% in Q1 of FY27 versus a revenue of INR398 crores with an EBITDA of INR42 crores and 
EBITDA margin of 10.6% in Q1 FY26. 
 
The top-line expansion during Q1 FY27 was primarily driven by a ramp-up in our export 
revenues. This volume growth unlocks substantial operating leverage, which alongside targeted 
cost reduction initiatives led to a strong expansion in the overall EBITDA margins. 
 
Furthermore, on strategic initiatives to leverage our B2C brand heritage and Tier 1 OEM base, 
we are launching an automotive aftermarket product line in Q2 of FY27. We are leveraging 
China Plus One tailwinds to diversify into high-potential global markets and industrial verticals. 
By driving integration synergies and operational efficiency, we are successfully scaling 
momentum across our domestic and global operations. 
 
Let's come to our capex and greenfield expansion. Our INR1,000 crores 5-year capex plan, 
INR510 crores basically in aerospace and INR430 crores in auto, is progressing swiftly on 
schedule. Andhra Pradesh greenfield facility, the groundwork at our Gudipalli facility near the 
Bangalore Airport is on track with commercial production targeted for late 2027. To prelaunch 
operational readiness to ensure rapid post-launch scaling, we are setting up an advanced training 
and production facility ahead of schedule near our greenfield facility. 
 
Debt and cash position at Raymond Limited. We continue to remain a net debt-free business 
with a net cash surplus of INR129 crores as of June 2026, providing the financial flexibility 
required to fund future organic and inorganic growth opportunities. 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
In conclusion, Q1 FY27 strong performance serves as a solid foundation for the year ahead. 
With our Andhra facility on track, the upcoming Q2 aftermarket rollout, and a debt-free balance 
sheet, we are well positioned to drive high-margin growth and create long-term shareholder 
value. We are executing our road map with precision and remain confident in our trajectory 
across all key segments. 
 
Thank you once again for your continued interest in Raymond Limited. We are now happy to 
take your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Yeshas Paramesh from Claridian Management. 
Yeshas Paramesh: 
I just had two quick questions. The first one is on the preferential issue that was raised recently. 
I believe in Q4 FY26, the management had commented that the internal accruals, the operating 
cash flow as well as the debt capacity is sufficient enough for capacity expansion and the capex 
plans. 
 
And only if some inorganic opportunities were to come up, then there would be an equity raise. 
So, just curious as to how the company is evaluating inorganic opportunities, whatever you're 
able to provide at this stage? Any color on that? 
 
The second question is on the supply chain constraints that pretty much most aerospace players 
are facing. There was one U.S.-based aerospace component supplier who had to significantly 
revise down their expectations just because 2% of their components, mainly casting and forging, 
had very big supply chain bottlenecks. So, are we exposed to these same bottlenecks? Or are we 
able to bypass these? 
Gautam Maini: 
Okay. What I'll do is I'll take up the second question first. And Rakesh, if you can take the next 
one, the first one. So, basically, I mean, we are today not exposed as much because a lot of those 
kind of businesses haven't transferred yet, which are more on the critical side. So, we are in a 
phase where I believe that there is a large backlog. 
 
And we also, find that the more backlog you clear, the larger the backlog gets, which also, gets 
me to feel that the supply chain is So, constrained that typically, if you do a good job, you'll just 
get more business. So, like I've always maintained, this is an execution game. And if you can 
execute the business correctly, you will always be in the winner's seat. 
 
And I think that's something that I have always maintained over the last several calls. And I 
continue to maintain that the market is very large. The customers are out there looking for good 
suppliers. So, if you know how to execute, you will be in the front. And that's our whole aim is 
to execute well. Rakesh, do you want to take up the first one or Sunny?  
Sunny Desa: 
Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir, you can proceed. 
Sunny Desa: 
Yes. Okay. Great. So, with respect to the question on the warrants that were issued, basically, 
the whole idea is that we, as a company, keep evaluating various opportunities across our 2 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
Page 6 of 15 
 
businesses from an inorganic growth standpoint. They may or may not fructify. As and when we 
are close to closing and giving information about the success stories of our potential acquisitions, 
we will come back to the markets. 
 
When it comes to the overall aspect of what are we targeting, the targets are across our segments 
like the aerospace business, auto components, and defence. So, whichever side where we find 
there could be synergies and opportunities for us, we can evaluate those. And that is the reason 
we have gone ahead with the warrants, which allows us with that additional flexibility. I hope 
that answers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nishita Shanklesha from Sapphire Capital. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Yes. So, I wanted to understand the RFQ pipeline in aerospace that we have of INR1,632 crores. 
So, like are we L1 in any of these orders? Or when can we expect these orders to convert? 
Gautam Maini: 
Okay. So, like I've always explained, I said aerospace business for us is a daily growth business 
because we are getting RFQs on a daily basis. We are making new product developments on a 
daily basis. We are ramping up on a daily basis. There may be a time lag depending on how 
critical these components are. So, this is an active pipeline as of a recent number. Obviously, it 
changes on a daily basis. So, these are live items. 
 
Our goal is always to try and go for what suits our production, what suits our margins, what suits 
our ROCE, etcetera, So, that we can keep in line with commitments we have made to our Board 
and our investors. So, we are quite confident to use the active RFQ pipeline to generate the level 
of business that we need to make sure that we can keep the momentum that we already have 
generated as you have seen in Q1. And we would keep closing these orders as they come. 
 
So, today, it's a question of choice from our side rather than a constraint. And like I've said, the 
market is quite large. And therefore, you also, don't want to disappoint a lot of customers. So, 
you want to make sure that you have something more than you can grow, but not go and do 
something where you will disappoint customers in execution. 
 
So, it's also, important to keep a balance and at the same time, to ensure that you have the right 
mix in the right segments. So, it's a lot of activity that goes on behind at a strategic level to ensure 
that you can pick the right businesses. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Hello? 
Moderator: 
Yes, Ms. Shanklesha, you can go ahead with your question. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Yes. Yes. Understood. So, actually, my line was dropped. So, if you can please reiterate what 
you just said. 
Gautam Maini: 
Sorry, can you clarify what you want? 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
My line was actually dropped when you were explaining the whole RFQ pipeline thing. Yes. 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Gautam Maini: 
Okay. No worries. Yes. So, basically, when you look at the pipeline, like I said, we grow 
business on a daily basis. We get RFQs on a daily basis. We make new products on a daily basis, 
and we scale manufacturing on a daily basis with certain lag times depending on what kind of 
products you have. 
 
So, our goal is always to keep a good balance. We choose our businesses. We make sure they 
have the right margins, the right ROCEs. So, our investment patterns, our ramp-up patterns are 
all showing growth on a daily basis. That's how we try and do our business. 
 
So, depending on -- we have enough RFQs for us to do more than the growth we want at the 
conditions we want. So, as we continuously expand, we will keep deciding how we can increase 
the RFQ pipeline because that will -- we don't want to disappoint customers in case we have to 
do something much more than we can chew because today, the demand is So, much ahead of its 
supply that it's very important you don't disappoint customers. 
 
And I come back to the same game of how well can you execute. So, the execution is not only 
about finally giving the product. The execution is also, about ensuring that right from RFQ stage 
to the delivery stage, how you can manage the expectations of all these customers who seriously 
want to grow in a country like India. I hope I've answered your question. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Yes, yes. And my next question is on our EBITDA margin. So, we have been expanding our 
EBITDA margins quarter-on-quarter since the past 3, 4 quarters. So, what can we expect our 
EBITDA margins to look like in FY27? Can we expect them to be in the same range of around 
12%-13%? 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes, we can -- I mean, we can expect the EBITDA margins to have the same trend as we've 
shown now at a consolidated level. I would say you can expect the same. We can see that our 
trends are better than the previous year. So, we expect to keep the same momentum. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harshit Chheda from Centra Insights LLP. 
Harshit Chheda: 
Congratulations on the great quarterly results. I have two questions. Currently, Raymond 
Limited, the 20% of your revenue comes from the aerospace and defence sector. So, how much 
are you expecting it to grow by the end of the year? 
Gautam Maini: 
Well, you know that aerospace definitely has a higher growth rate than the other sectors. And 
the base is also, smaller. So, it's easier to grow at a percentage level. And therefore, it will 
marginally keep increasing quarter-on-quarter to a small extent, considering the smaller pitch it 
has. But considering the high growth rate that we've been able to achieve, you will definitely see 
it incrementally going up over a period of time. 
Harshit Chheda: 
But could we expect the revenue to be by the end of the year? Can you give us an estimate? 
Rakesh Kumar Tiwary: 
So, we have committed 25% growth. We are a little bit ahead of what we have committed, but 
we expect to keep momentum, but I would still say that a 25% growth in aerospace is a good 
growth. And of course, we have exceeded it in the first quarter. 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Harshit Chheda: 
All right. My second question is, currently, Raymond Limited is producing north of 350 
components for the LEAP engine program. So, is your future plan to produce more components 
or to get into the subassembly sector where you directly assemble parts of the engine and supply 
to OEMs? 
Gautam Maini: 
So, our goal is definitely to continuously upgrade and go up the value chain. There are several 
stages that it takes to go up the value chain. So, today, we are in a stage where we've reached a 
fairly good level to make critical components. So, the mix of critical components will keep 
increasing and the subassemblies will keep increasing. So, it is our definite goal to go up the 
value chain. 
 
We're also, going to be adding special processes, and we're going to bring in heat treatment and 
other things in our facility in Andhra. So, being more vertically integrated will help the 
customers to have more confidence in us, and we expect them to be able to go higher up the 
value chain. 
Harshit Chheda: 
All right. And my final question is, are there any new certifications that Raymond Limited has 
applied for? 
Gautam Maini: 
Well, we've just you know -- it's just been information very, very new. But just today, we got 
our certification for making medical components because medical components also, need the 
same titanium and stainless steel, and we have been working on that certification, and we got it 
today. 
Harshit Chheda: 
Congratulations. My question is related more towards aerospace. Are there any new 
certifications you are trying to get in the aerospace sector? 
Gautam Maini: 
Well, most of the certifications that we need are already there. We've also, got our build-to-spec 
design certification now. So, at the moment, whichever new customers we are adding, we 
obviously get certified by them. But as of now, we have all the necessary certifications to ensure 
that we go up the value chain. 
Harshit Chheda: 
Congratulations on the great result. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Navin Vijay from NS Capital. 
Navin Vijay: 
My first question is on the order book. Compared to the last presentation where we had 
mentioned INR2,350 crores with a 5-year horizon. We now seem to have mentioned INR5,960 
crores is a 10-year horizon. So, that's a significant jump up in the order book. Could you please 
talk about it for a minute, sir? 
Gautam Maini: 
No, it's just that aerospace businesses are long-term in nature. So, I think a 5-year period is very 
small. So, we just wanted to give you a longer visibility on what potentials we have over a period 
of time. And therefore, we changed the period to a 10-year period. And therefore, you have a 
larger number there. 
Navin Vijay: 
Got it. Got it. And you also, briefly mentioned about R&D expenses being expensed and written 
off. Do we have a percentage that we also, capitalize? Or is it fully written off, sir? 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Gautam Maini: 
No, we don't capitalize any R&D expense. So, as of now. So, for instance, if we increased our 
speed of new product development, that's what got us to 40%. So, all of that new product that 
we developed and all of the expenses related to the development of new products are all written 
off in the same quarter. 
 
So, therefore, you see a slightly lower percentage of margin. But like I said, as those products 
become over time, they become more -- the efficiency will come, first of all, on those products 
and they'll get more mature, it will all stabilize. But if you want to grow at the percentage that 
we actually grew in the quarter, we needed to do a lot more on this product development, which 
we write off. 
Navin Vijay: 
Got it. My last question is on the M&A front. Is there anything that you are actually pursuing? 
I'm not asking for names, but in terms of competencies or some kind of... 
Gautam Maini: 
Can you just repeat? I lost you for the beginning for a second. 
Navin Vijay: 
My last question is on the M&A activity, sir. Are we on the lookout for any competencies that 
would add to the aerospace and other sectors? 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes. So, are you talking about competency? Did I read it correct? 
Navin Vijay: 
Yes, particularly with respect to M&A, mergers and acquisitions. 
Gautam Maini: 
Mergers and acquisitions. Okay. This is like Sunny mentioned, the company is going to be 
looking at opportunities. And as and when we really get something that's more definitive in 
nature, we will definitely come back and inform all of you. Sunny has already clarified that we 
are looking at mergers and acquisitions in that space. 
Sunny Desa: 
But just to add to what Gautam said, Naveen, to answer your question, the lookout for inorganic 
growth is a business as usual. We keep evaluating various companies across both our business 
segments, and that is what I had mentioned in the previous question. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vatsal Kothari from AlfAccurate Advisors. 
Vatsal Kothari: 
I have a couple of questions. My first question is, is it possible for you to just state your asset 
turnovers on a segmental basis? So, what are the typical asset turns which you would be enjoying 
in the aerospace vertical in your view and the precision vertical? 
Rakesh Kumar Tiwary: 
In Aerospace, our typical asset turnover for the new business that we are winning right now is 
hovering somewhere around 1.8 to 2.2 kind of. And for automobile, it is somewhere between 2 
to 2.5. The way we are closing businesses now, we are aiming for better EBITDA margins and 
high-tech businesses. So, that kind of asset turns are expected at this point. 
 
Historical asset turns had been a little higher. But as I said that we are looking for a higher 
EBITDA margin product. So, asset turns a little bit would be on a lower side, but on a better 
EBITDA margin, thus still giving us the similar kind of ROCE that we are enjoying So, far. 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Vatsal Kothari: 
Understood. And typically, what stabilized EBITDA margins are we looking at over the longer 
term? 
Rakesh Kumar Tiwary: 
In Aerospace business, we aim that somewhere around 25%. That's our aim at a mature level. 
And then in our precision manufacturing business, somewhere around 12%-13%. That's a decent 
margin that we are looking. And of course, there can be an upside, but these are the margins that 
we are looking in the now and near term. 
Vatsal Kothari: 
Understood. And what is the current customer concentration in aerospace specifically? So, what 
would be your top 3 OEMs as a percentage of your total order book? And what is the kind of 
order intake growth, which we can be looking at on a yearly basis over the next 3 to 4 years 
space? 
Gautam Maini: 
So, we have over 25 global customers. And therefore, our goal is definitely not to have certain 
customers having a high concentration. So, our goal is definitely to spread that concentration. 
Currently, I would say it could be up to 40% to 45% with the top 3. But the goal is that with our 
huge increase in RFQ pipeline, one of our goals is to decentralize most of our businesses to have 
at least 8 or 10 really high-value customers from the current 3 or 4. So, that -- and since they are 
already our customers, it's an easy path for us. 
Rakesh Kumar Tiwary: 
And also, number of customers are not that much. I mean, see, if you look at the overall skyline, 
we don't have those many customers. It's not like that we have hundreds of customers to go. So, 
even a 40% concentration is really a quite diversified number for top 3, 4 customers. 
Vatsal Kothari: 
Understood. So, is it -- am I thinking correctly that the current INR5,960 crores of order book, 
40% of it is concentrated to the top 3 customers, if I'm not wrong, or that's the wrong way to 
look at it? 
Gautam Maini: 
Well, as the order book keeps increasing, that ratio will keep changing. Like I said, we grow on 
a daily basis. And our attempt is to go to as many new customers. So, it's at a point in time and 
then it changes every day. 
Vatsal Kothari: 
Understood. So, what is the kind of order intake growth which one can expect over a longer 3-
year annualized basis? I know you're getting new orders every day and everything is good. But 
in terms of any quantitative color? 
Gautam Maini: 
So, we'd like to say that a 25% growth is a healthy growth in the industry on an organic basis. 
And I believe that we have enough orders to grow at that 25%. Like I said, we have outperformed 
this quarter, and we'd like to work towards that momentum, but the commitment to the market 
would be that we would definitely do a 25% increase. 
Vatsal Kothari: 
Understood. Just one last question from my side within the aerospace and defence vertical. What 
is the mix like in terms of N1 to N4 currently? And what is the mix which you aspire to get 
towards assuming your margins and ROCE targets are met? 
Gautam Maini: 
Are you talking about the engine critical parts that I talked about? 
Vatsal Kothari: 
Yes, correct. Correct. 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Gautam Maini: 
Okay. Yes. So, obviously, like I said, on N4, we are self-certified. And therefore, you will 
increase the numbers. Like I also, told you last time and what we clarified, your asset turn ratios 
have to be maintained. The more you go towards N2, your asset turn ratios decrease. So, you 
have to continuously work the RFQs in such a way that you can average your ROCE in a better 
way. 
 
And therefore, we also, have a mix of structural components. We also, have a mix of landing 
gear components, hydraulic components, fuel components as well as other parts from the 
aircraft. So, while we definitely are predominant on the engine, which is the main area, we 
always try to work the mix to make sure that, a, our growth is continuous; and b, our ROCE and 
investment levels are at the right level. So, we are not one side of the spectrum. 
Vatsal Kothari: 
So, is it safe to assume around 50% to 60% in N4 right now and the rest divided from N1 to N3 
over 3 years down the line? 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes, it would be safe to assume that we are not in N1 yet because those are rotating parts, and 
we are not there. Our goal is to get. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Niraj Mansingka from White Pine Investment Management. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Sir, just a clarification. The order book that you said gave earlier was a 5-year order book and 
the order book that you gave now is a 10-year order book. Is it right? 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes, that's right. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
So, if I just add the 5-year breakup that you gave, and it is adding to INR2,765 crores versus 
INR2,350 crores that you gave last year -- last quarter. So, it's safe to assume it's a 17% growth 
on a sequential basis on a quarter-over-quarter. 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes, that's safe to assume for sure. Yes. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Okay. And sir, this order book that you have is only for the existing facility, not the under-
construction facility that we have? 
Gautam Maini: 
Absolutely. It's only for the existing facility. And we are not counting what orders we close on 
a daily basis. Like I said, it's a point in time. And every day, we close new businesses. So, it will 
keep increasing as we go along the quarters. And we are still over a year away from the new 
projects. So, this will keep building. 
 
And as we get closer to the new project, we will see hopefully a further increase as customers 
start to realize our new capacities. So, this is just current building, and we will accommodate it 
in the current building, yes. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Okay. So, but what was the -- I think over the discussion, I was an impression that we are running 
quite full on the existing utilization with some smaller increase in utilization that can inch up. 
So, how much more can this existing facility go on the revenues? 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Gautam Maini: 
So, we've made some huge improvements in our company as well in terms of -- and you can see 
the kind of growth we've seen. So, our estimated numbers earlier were -- you are absolutely 
right, our estimated numbers earlier were at the INR600 crores range, but we do believe that we 
will go more than INR600 crores at this point in time and necessary improvements have been 
made. So, we've introduced sort of an improvement mandate in our company called Parivartan, 
which is bringing a lot of change, and we expect it to exceed INR600 crores now. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Okay. And sir, when you said you start the facility from '27 and how will you start? Like will 
you start straight away with the revenues? Or is it just some local manufacturing with an 
approval process being left? 
Gautam Maini: 
You can assume that it will have up to 6 months approval processes. So, really, I would start 
looking at FY28 for numbers starting and then the ramp-up will happen slowly as we go along 
because like you know, Aero takes a lot of time for approvals. Many customers have to come, 
etcetera. But we also, have the precision auto business next to it, which is also, what we are 
starting. So, both are going to start in parallel. 
 
And therefore, the time line might be slightly different for both. But the customer approval 
process, we have to give time. And that's why we are making improvements in our current 
facility So, that we do not see any slowdown in growth as we move to our new facility. It should 
be a continuous curve. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
And Sorry, just any color on how many percentages of N4 can you move to -- Sorry, N1 can you 
move to when -- or N2 even move to when you start the new facility? 
Gautam Maini: 
Well, not as yet because it will take time. We are negotiating with customers. And every quarter, 
as we speak to you, we can keep talking to you about the progress made, but it's still over a year 
away. So, there's a lot of things in the pipeline. Once they get fructified, we will definitely keep 
you updated quarter-on-quarter. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Okay. Sir, last question. Can you really go to customer without the new facility because for N1, 
N2, you may end up issuing the new facility? So, would the customer go ahead and do some 
partial approval and then later on a full approval? 
Gautam Maini: 
Okay. So, you're jumping the gun a little bit. So, first of all, we've got a lot of RFQs already with 
us, right? They all include very complex subassemblies and future items for which we don't have 
capacity. We are also, bidding on products which will come in 2029 and 2030. So, you have to 
understand aerospace is a long-term game. You're not working today for tomorrow; you're 
working today for the next 5 years. 
 
So, you have different level of projects with different complexities, and you have to work with 
all of them, Some of them well in advance. Some of them, you have to work 5 years in advance. 
So, we are working in parallel with everything that we need to do to create value in the new 
expansion. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keval Shah from Sanctum Wealth PMS. 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Keval Shah: 
Congratulations on getting the certificate -- for the certification for the medical side of the 
business. Can you throw some more light on this medical side of the business? Like what is your 
strategy? And are you in talks with any potential customers? And how do you see this business 
panning out over the next 3-4 years? Can you throw some more light on this side of the business? 
Gautam Maini: 
Too early to say. We just got the certificate today. So, we will come back to all of you next 
quarter to see what the plan is and after that. But too early to say right now. 
Rakesh Kumar Tiwary: 
See, many such initiatives keep on going on a concurrent basis. It's one of that for which we got 
certification today. But it's a part of routine exercise that we -- I mean, we have -- we run a 
capability cloud. So, we keep on exploring X, Y, Z. So, these things will keep on coming. I mean 
it's too early to have a business plan around it at this point. 
Keval Shah: 
Okay, sir. And in terms of margins, this time, the better margins we saw, is there any kind of 
inventory gains currently or it's more of a sustainable basis kind of margin that we saw? 
Gautam Maini: 
No, no, it's extremely sustainable. In fact, like I said before, there's a pressure on writing off 
what we do in R&D. So, as we -- as the periods go along, it will, in fact, even stabilize to more 
realistic levels. 
Rakesh Kumar Tiwary: 
See, what has happened into this time is we got operating leverage. You might have seen vis-a-
vis last year, this year, quarter 1, we have significant rise in our revenue. So, naturally, we got 
operating leverage. We also, had product mix-related gains basically. 
 
So, operating leverage, will it continue? The answer is yes. Product mix, while if it varies from 
quarter-to-quarter, you may see some fluctuation into the margin. But directionally, it will 
remain more or less in the range. But do you expect exactly the same? Well, it depends quite a 
lot on several other internal external factors, including product mix, but operating leverage as 
we continue to grow, will continue to reflect more on to the margins. 
Keval Shah: 
Okay, sir. And currently, in the volatile macro environment, is there any supply chain-related 
risks that we are facing currently? 
Gautam Maini: 
Well, more than supply chain, the cost for logistics have definitely gone up. So, we have noticed 
that. We have noticed costs have gone up in terms of tools, the carbide and HSS costs, and we 
are trying our best to mitigate all of these costs in the best possible manner where we are in 
discussions with customers, right? We particularly also, had a minimum wage cost increase. 
 
So, we are fighting with certain costs, but we're trying our best to see that either with better 
efficiency, better operating leverage, we can offset some of them and some of them we are going 
back to our customer to offset. So, that you might see a quarter where there could be some 
pressure, but then it will again start to ease off as we find solutions to these issues. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Midhun James from Moat PMS. 
Midhun James: 
So, recently, we saw a filing regarding one erstwhile CXO from BEL joining your company for 
the defence business. So, can you give some more color on what is that we are aspiring in the 
defence business? And yes, a little bit more on that. 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Gautam Maini: 
Sunny, you want to answer that question? 
Sunny Desa: 
Yes. Thanks, Gautam. Yes. So, yes, Mr. Bhanu Prakash Srivastava has joined us, and you've 
seen the exchange release. We plan to work on the Defence segment as well. We are working 
on our strategy, and we'll be coming to you guys hopefully by the next quarter or 2 about the 
future as to how we are trying to go about this. 
Midhun James: 
Okay, sure. My next question would be that now we are seeing a lot of auto ancillary companies 
getting into aerospace business. I mean, when you look at it, earlier, there were a few companies 
now every -- more of -- there are many, many, many more companies which are sort of in their 
presentations coming out with sections on aerospace and defence, primarily on the aerospace 
side. I think there is -- their capabilities are sort of extendable to aerospace business. 
 
So, how do you find the competition from the Indian players? Or is the pie So, large that 
everybody can sort of eat into it? What are your views on them? 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes. So, it's good for us because we've been 22 years in this business. We were amongst the first 
to start with engine parts. So, like in any field, we are a leader in the field. We have the 
advantage. We have a large customer base. We have -- we're producing more than 1 new part a 
day. So, it's very good. I would say the demand is So, high that it will take many years for us to 
actually worry about competition. 
 
Yes, you will always have some competition. But in this case, it's very collaborative in the 
aerospace business because there are very few approved sources when you really look at 
compared to automotive. So, I would say that good competition is always great, but we have an 
inherent advantage, and we'd like to keep that advantage going forward. The bigger thing is 
China Plus One because I think what business would probably be going to China much more 
than that would come to India. 
 
So, in a way, it's great for everybody in India. I think it's a great story for all Indians. And I think 
the more people that will be able to cope with the standards and understand the variations 
because unlike an auto business, the aerospace business is high mix, low volume. Not everybody 
has a culture or can accommodate such differences. And those who can and who can build a 
business over the next 4, 5, 7 years, they can then be part of the aerospace industry, but it's a 
very different industry. 
Midhun James: 
Sure. And one more related clarification that I have. So, last time during the call, we discussed 
on some expansion or some ideas towards the behind-the-meter power generation business. You 
are saying that, that is something you're trying to explore. Have we made some inroads into that? 
 
And another related question is, we see that several precision auto component manufacturing 
companies have certain ideas or are looking into the humanoid robotics side as well. So, some 
companies in India already have started working on that. So, can you throw more light on the 
other businesses, which are related to auto and aerospace that you are venturing or you have 
plans or something on that line? 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Gautam Maini: 
See, obviously, as a strategy, we are going to continuously explore adjacencies and those areas 
which will help us in the future and including margin expansion and product expansion. So, 
those efforts will continuously go on. But as of now, I have nothing to share out here. And as 
plans get concrete, we'll definitely share with you on the calls. But as part of our strategy, we 
will explore all adjacencies and all areas where we could potentially grow and expand. 
Midhun James: 
Sure. Just last one question. So, if you look at your business, the aerospace business, the growth 
rates are good and 40% is actually pretty good. But when you look at the consolidated business, 
the growth rates are in the middle teens, for example. So, which may not be as exciting as your 
aerospace business. 
 
So, do you have -- I mean, probably your -- the venture into the aftermarket business can be in 
that -- I believe, is in that line. So, can we look at this business to be more exciting, I'm saying 
the combined business, can we look at a 20% plus growth rate? I'm not holding on to any 
guidance. But what are your thoughts about it? Maybe next year, next to next year, we get to a 
higher growth trajectory? Or we'll have to wait for the capacity expansion to come online? 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes. See, I mean, I'm not going to commit numbers. But as far as I'm concerned, I think the 
scenario is much more positive. We are going to do everything in terms of strategy to obviously 
get either more market share or more revenue. By combining our Tools and Hardware business 
with the aftermarket business, we're seeing massive synergies. Obviously, we'll leverage brand. 
We'll leverage the markets we already have, and we'll grow those businesses. 
 
Again, on a margin expansion, there will be a better margin expansion if we do that right. So, I 
think what we are doing is to take every possible step to look at better synergies, better leverages, 
better margin expansion, better business models, higher value products. So, we will do 
everything that sort of is the right thing to do for the company to grow. The rest, we will see 
how we can capture a higher market share and grow at a higher rate. I mean that's always going 
to be the ambition, but I won't be pulled into any number at this stage. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of the day. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sanjeev Zarbade for closing comments. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
Thank you. Before we conclude, I would like to once again congratulate the management of 
Raymond on delivering an impressive performance in the first quarter. I also, extend my sincere 
thanks to the management team for giving Antique Stock Broking the opportunity to host this 
earnings conference call. 
 
With that, may I now invite Mr. Maini to share his closing remarks. Over to you, Mr. Maini. 
Gautam Maini: 
So, once again, I want to thank all of you for being on the call and asking some very relevant 
questions. I think there's a very high level of intelligence, knowledge in the market, and I really 
appreciate the 2-way conversations and the open conversations that we have. Yes, I look forward 
to seeing you all in the next quarter. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
