                                                     ASTRA MICROWAVE PRODUCTS LIMITED 
Regd. Office: ASTRA Towers, Survey No. 12(P), Kothaguda Post, 
Kondapur, HITEC City, Hyderabad - 500084, Telangana, INDIA  
Tel:+91-40-46618000, 
46618001. 
Fax:+91-40-46618048 
Email:mktg@astramwp.com,website:www.astramwp.com 
CIN: L29309TG1991PLC013203 
 
An ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 45001 and ISO 27001 Certified Company 
Works:  
Unit 1: Plot No. 12, ANRICH Industrial Estate, Bollaram, Medak  Dist., Telangana – 502325 
Unit 2: Plot No. 56A, ANRICH Industrial  Estate,  Bollaram, Medak Dist., Telangana - 502325 
Unit 3: Sy. No. 1/1, lmarath Kancha, Raviryala (V), Maheshwaram (Mdl) R.R.Dist., Telangana - 500005 
Unit 4: Sy. No. 1/1, Plot No. 18 to 21, lmarath Kancha, Hardware Park, Raviryala (V), Maheswaram (M), R.R.Dist, Telangana – 500005 
Unit 7:  Sy. No.114/1, Plot No. S-2/9 & 10, E-City, Raviryala & Srinagar (V), Maheswaram (M), R.R.District, Telangana - 501359 
R&D Centre: Plot No. 51(P), Bangalore Aerospace Park, Singanahalli Village, Budigere Post, Bangalore North Taluk, Karnataka - 562149 
  August 17, 2026 
To 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Relations 
BSE Limited 
Sir Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai -400 001 
Scrip code: 532493 
To 
The Vice President,  
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip code: ASTRAMICRO 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Conference call transcript. 
We are sending herewith Conference call transcript held with analysts on 11th August, 2026.  
The above information is also made available on the Company’s website www.astramwp.com. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully 
For Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
 
 
T. Anjaneyulu 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
ANJANEYULU 
THALLAPALLI
Digitally signed by 
ANJANEYULU THALLAPALLI 
Date: 2026.08.17 11:57:50 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Astra Microwave Products Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 11, 2026 
 
E&OE: This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on August 11, 2026, will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S. G. REDDY – MANAGING DIRECTOR – ASTRA 
MICROWAVE PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
DR. M.V. REDDY – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – ASTRA 
MICROWAVE PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
MR. ATIM KABRA – DIRECTOR, STRATEGY AND BUSINESS 
DEVELOPMENT – ASTRA MICROWAVE PRODUCTS 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Astra Microwave Products Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based 
on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These statements 
are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. S.G. Reddy, Managing Director. Thank you, and over to you 
sir. 
S.G. Reddy: 
Thank you, and good morning, everyone. A warm welcome to all the participants joining the post 
results earnings call of our company. I'm joined by Mr. M.V. Reddy, Joint Managing Director; and 
Atim Kabra, Strategy and Development Director; and SGA, our Investor Relations Advisers. The 
results and the investor presentation for Q1 have already been uploaded on the company website and 
stock exchanges. I hope you had a chance to review them. 
 
In terms of the performance, the quarter performance is on the expected lines. The revenue and 
profitability were moderate -- modest, I should say, primarily due to temporary delays in customer 
approvals and closing some of the last stage technical issues, which are expected to normalize in the 
coming quarters. 
 
Overall, India's defense industry is increasingly moving towards indigenous design development and 
manufacture of advanced subsystems and systems with the total solutions. We believe companies 
with proven engineering capabilities and experience in these areas are well positioned to benefit from 
this transition and Astra being one such company. 
 
In terms of the opportunities, our stand-alone order book as of quarter end stands at INR2,156 crores, 
providing strong visibility for the upcoming period. Around 66% of this order book is from defense 
and the rest that is 34% is from space, metrology and hydrology sectors. Our consolidated order book 
stands at INR2,849 crores, which includes service orders of about INR244 crores, which are typically 
more accretive to margins. 
 
Staying in the order book, I would like to highlight that in the month of July, we secured a significant 
order worth about INR2,205 crores from Hindustan Aeronautics Limited for procurement of critical 
subsystems for Uttam Radar. As you know, this is a landmark achievement for our company and 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
reflects the long-standing trust placed in our capabilities, technology and execution track record in 
the defense sector. 
 
My colleague, M.V. Reddy, will throw more insight into this order, its execution cycle, etcetera. 
Looking ahead, we continue to see healthy progress through our key programs and remain confident 
in our growth trajectory. We are targeting a top line growth of more than 15% year-on-year, resulting 
into about INR1,350 crores for this financial year, maintaining a healthy bottom line. 
 
With the addition of the significant new orders, we see substantial long-term opportunities ahead and 
remain focused on leveraging our capabilities, strengthening our execution and delivering sustainable 
multiyear growth over the long term. 
 
I now hand over to Mr. M.V. Reddy and later on Atim Kabra, who will provide more insight into 
new product developments, the business outlook for the near and long term and the strategies adopted 
to take the company to the next level of growth cycle. 
 
I request M.V. to take it over. 
Dr. M.V. Reddy: 
Thank you, S.G. Good morning, everyone. I extend a warm welcome to all investors, analysts and 
stakeholders joining today's earnings call. We are pleased to present our key business updates. First, 
as S.G. had mentioned, we have achieved a remarkable and significant milestone at the end of July 
'26 with the receipt of long-awaited strategic order. 
 
As on date, this is the single largest order in the history of Astra, and it is a direct result of a decade 
of continuous efforts, the landmark of Uttam Radar, which I was talking about, which has effectively 
doubled our entire order book. So with this major win, our total order book sells to a record-breaking 
of INR4,300 crores as on date. 
 
I'm also pleased to announce that we have emerged as the lowest bidder in AAAU of AMCA 
program. This is a news of a few days back. And probably in a month's time, we will be able to get 
this particular contract. Alongside this major milestone, the daily operations remain strong. We 
booked new orders worth of INR185 crores in Q1, matching our performance guidance exactly. 
 
Revenue for the quarter stood at INR182 crores, driven by robust operational execution and steady 
demand for our advanced technology. Similarly, our joint venture, Astra Rafael Comsys performed 
well, both in terms of order book and also the execution is going in within the guided figure. As on 
date, ARC, that is Astra Rafael Comsys has an order book of INR836 crores. In the current year, we 
are planning to book sales of INR360 crores. We continue to strengthen our positioning across the 
defense, space and semiconductor segments. 
 
During this quarter, we secured one good order from Bharat Electronics about INR45 crores worth 
of contract for all MMIC chipsets, proving our strong capabilities in radar core components. We also 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
won significant contracts from key defense and space entities, including BDL and Space Application 
Center. 
 
Our production lines demonstrated timely execution and robust delivery capabilities. We successfully 
built and delivered wide profile of high-technology systems like RF 5G, Ashlesha and Rohini 
modules, MPR modules and also in EW segment, we have delivered the Shakti, Nayan and other 
programs. 
 
Beyond manufacturing, we are also making great steps in innovation. I'm pleased to inform that in 
the month of July, we conducted successful technology demonstrations in Jalandhar for 2 unique 
first-of-the-kind products, the electromagnetic wall and vehicle-mounted anti-drone system, which 
we were discussing with you for a few months. 
 
These are all initial based first-of-kind versions that can be fully customized in months to come to 
meet specific end user requirements. To support this rapidly growing volume and complexity of 
work, we have invested steadily in automated process engineering workflows and advanced 
infrastructure. Our production lines and our team are fully ready in all aspects for seamless large-
scale execution. 
 
Future is exceptionally bright and armed with INR4,300 crores order book, as I mentioned, and also 
a healthy pipeline in coming quarters, scaling technical capabilities, we are confident in our ability 
to deliver consistent growth and long-term value. Our core focus remains on executing our current 
order book efficiently and while aggressively pursuing new opportunities in both domestic defense 
and global export markets. 
 
Thank you. And now I wanted to hand over to Mr. Atim Kabra, our Director of Business 
Development and Strategy. Over to you, Atim. 
Atim Kabra: 
Yes. Thanks, guys. Hi, everybody, and congratulations S.G. and M.V. For a fantastic order win. I 
think it cements our role in the overall aero defense ecosystem, and we are very, very grateful to our 
DPSU partners like HAL and BEL for their trust and faith in our abilities. Besides the fact that Astra 
has grown under the tutelage of various defense labs and DRDO. So from a bottom of my heart, I 
think our hearts, a sincere heartfelt thanks to everybody who has been our partner. 
 
But with these kind of orders comes a very heavy execution responsibility. And after attending one 
of our review meetings recently, I think it is not an understatement to define how proud we are of our 
colleagues who have worked and are working relentlessly in a focused manner to further the cause 
of defense ecosystem in India. 
 
We often talk of orders, strategy, vision, but fail to highlight that we are defined by our human 
resources. Infrastructure and capital can be sourced by many, but it is our human resources cultivated 
over decades that define us. And we are very fortunate to have created an ecosystem of colleagues 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
who are now increasingly coming together and collaborating across their domains, sharing their 
knowledge towards creating systems. 
 
I was playing the game of Jenga recently, and I realize that as we move up to greater heights, we are 
only as strong as our base. While everybody has a critical role to play in the ecosystem, we can build 
a tall pyramidical structure only if the base is strong enough and wide enough to support the growth. 
 
I think that's where the strength of Astra lies. Analogically speaking, the base has to be wide, multi-
scaled, sustaining and it has to be recurring. It has to have a steady, defensible margin. On top is what 
I call the next-gen solutions, wherein will lie the future as it unfolds, where we might have higher 
margins right now. 
 
But as more solutions emerge, what's at the top comes into the middle level and becomes more 
sustainable margin-wise and more mainstream. But all this is possible only if you have multi-talented, 
multifaceted teams that are unified by a common vision. 
 
As I was thinking about our conversation today, I look back and I realized that in the last 18 months 
or so, we have inducted many new leaders into our company to supplement the continuous influx at 
the middle levels, new resources as well as replacements for folks who have moved on. Resource 
rejuvenation has become the order of the day. Just to elaborate, we've had a new CTO, a new Head 
of HR and Admin, a new quality head. 
 
We strengthened our purchase department with a new head besides new domain heads who have 
joined our R&D team. And this is not to miss our new Head of Sales and Marketing. And it is these 
veterans combined who bring into the company new varied experiences and the knowledge that lays 
the foundation for higher sustainable growth. 
 
So we are very confident and comfortable with our order book. So the obviously, obvious focus shifts 
to execution. And that is what ought to be keeping us awake at night. Just to put things in perspective, 
in the next 5 years or so, we are expecting to do at least 6 to 7x our last year's annual turnover. Let 
me pause for a second to have that sink in. Every single year, we will do more than what Astra 
achieved in the last 33-odd years, and that's no mean order by any means. 
 
Thankfully, Astra has worked on the scale before during our offset business times, and we have the 
experience of driving significant business volumes through laser-focused execution. So we are 
beefing up our purchase departments and other departments as the risk, which I also want to highlight 
is stretch supply chains across the border, across every country because everybody is restocking on 
their ornaments inventory. So we've got to make sure that our supply chains remain intact and stuff 
comes in within the defined time lines. 
 
So what makes us fairly confident about our future order book? I think M.V. alluded to it. Astra is 
emerging as a significant player in the aircraft -- in the airborne segment. There are various airborne 
platforms, which are in the works and Astra happens to be a key part of many of these, be it Tejas, 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
where Uttam Radar is Astra's and the recent INR2,200 crores order. Actually, it's around INR1,870 
crores without GST. 
 
So we have to keep that distinction in mind or AEW&C Mk-2, where we are part of the supply chain 
or the supply chain for Mk1, where we will have, I think, at least 25%, if not more, of the designated 
supply chain or the Su-30 upgrades, be it on the radar side or be it on the EW side, where we are Tier 
1 and Tier 2, respectively, or be it AMCA , we are already -- we and BEL, right, okay? We are L1, 
L2 for the 4 units of AMCA with prototyping, which is going to be done. And that's huge, right? 
They are across every platform. 
 
So what does it mean in terms of numbers? M.V.R. confirms that we will see at least INR1,600 crores 
being added this year. And we may improve that number by the way, over the next few quarters. So 
the way we look at it over the next few years' visibility, when we did our QIP, we made a commitment 
and Astra more or less delivers on its commitment. Again, that's another thing which we need to 
highlight. 
 
We had said that we are looking at somewhere between INR8,000 crores to INR10,000 crores worth 
of orders coming in over the next 5 years. Of this, and we just confirmed INR4,300 crores is already 
in the bag, INR5,700 crores, if we are looking at the higher end of those order books, okay, or just 
INR3,700 crores to be added to make up that commitment. But I am glad to say that we are upping 
our visibility for the next 4 to 5 years. 
 
Our order intake over the next 3 to 4 years, I think should be in the region of at least INR8,000 crores 
to INR9,000 crores to be executed over the next 5 to 6 years. How are we coming at these numbers? 
INR4,300 crores is our current order book. This includes, by the way, a little bit from the QRSAM, 
which we are expecting will happen -- will come to us partly before this year-end. 
 
So that will leave at least INR700 crores, INR800 crores worth of orders to be added from for 
QRSAM for the first 3 regiments only, at least for now. We are looking at least INR500 crores to 
INR750 crores orders from our Astra Rafael Comsys, our joint venture, and at least INR3,000 crores 
worth of business coming in from Su-30, Virupaksha as well as Angad. This, if you add it up, is 
INR8,000 crores to INR9,000 crores worth of business alone coming in order intakes. 
 
So this does not include, by the way, chip sales, which may happen at a scale, which is better than 
imagined. It does not include anything from counter UAV solutions, electronic wall, which we are 
building. It doesn't include more products like the area denial systems, which we are making. 
 
And it does not include anything from exports to other countries where we are already fielding a 
couple of inquiries, serious inquiries. So guys, that is the kind of order prospects and business, which 
we are looking at. I would seriously insist that we look at our ability to deliver our year-end revenue 
targets to you, INR1,350 crores for the current year, plus/minus INR25 crores. 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
 
Next year, you're looking at about INR1,600 crores plus/minus INR50 crores. And it is expected 
thereafter. that we will be in a different trajectory as production orders will play out for both Uttam 
and QRSAM, completely different trajectory from '29 onwards. 
 
I will wind up with a note on Space and Weather divisions being spun off as a separate listed 
company, replicating exactly the same shareholding pattern as Astra Microwave. You own 5%, you 
will get 5% in the new company. 
 
But the positive spin over there is that S.G. Reddy has graciously accepted the mandate to groom this 
new company and establish the same rigorous methodologies and standards as AMPL with almost -
- utmost undivided attention. We will be discussing and sharing with you the detailed plans and 
introducing the new leadership teams in the next few quarters as we go along. 
 
But the company shall operate as an independent entity from April 1, 2027, is our expectation. We 
hope that our shareholders will experience tremendous value growth in the new company also like 
Astra Microwave Products. We continue to work on unlocking further value for our esteemed 
shareholders. 
 
So, with this, I'll open the session for question and answers, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Amit Ashok Thawani from Clear Blue Capital Advisors. 
Amit Ashok Thawani: 
My first question is the press release says that we are targeting a top line growth of 10% to 15%, but 
the presentation says that we are -- our target is 15% to 20%. As a matter of fact, the same was the 
case even in the last quarter. Can you please explain which is the correct number? 
Management: 
Yes, in excess of 15% that is 15% to 20% growth is the right one. 
Amit Ashok Thawani: 
Okay. My second question is what is the target year-end order book, both on stand-alone and 
consolidated? 
Management: 
See, apart from the Uttam, the order, we have guided to have an order book of about -- booking of 
order book of worth about INR1,600 crores for the entire financial year. We stand by that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Dixit from Goldman Sachs. 
Amit Dixit: 
The first question is around the order inflow. And you mentioned in the great level of details, 
platform-wise where we are expecting order inflow. Just wanted to understand if we have some play 
in the EW systems, ASPJ pod for Tejas for Su-30, etcetera. And also if we have some participation 
in LCH program of HAL? 
Management: 
Yes. Mr. Amit, as far as the EW is concerned for Tejas, yes, we are there as a part of pod jammer. 
We are having one of the major subsystem, AATRU, which has been already qualified for the Tejas 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
LCA Mk1A platform. As you are aware that particular EW suite is under final phase of qualification. 
And once it gets qualified, then it will be inducted in the production program. 
 
So we will have the production orders also for that. Similarly, for Su-30, as Mr. Atim had mentioned, 
we are ready to take it for development of EW suite for Su-30 that is called Angad program. And we 
are one of the consortium partner, which has taken it up, and it is going steadily. And we are expecting 
this program will be completed within the time lines. So we are there both in Tejas and as well as the 
Virupaksha platforms in EW. 
Amit Dixit: 
And LCH sir? 
Management: 
LCH also, we have been delivering some subsystems. 
Amit Dixit: 
So if we take these 3 opportunities, these are probably not covered in the overall order inflow 
guidance that you gave. How much will be these opportunities? I mean, if I add all these 3, let us say. 
Management: 
Actually, whatever we have mentioned about next 4 years order book projections in that we did -- 
we consider like Angad for a few numbers and also a few numbers of the subsystems from LCH and 
all. But of course, this Tejas Mk1A is something which we have -- recently, we have taken it up. And 
then I think probably another, let's say, INR500 crores to INR600 crores may add up in the overall 
business in the order book projections. 
Amit Dixit: 
Great, sir. The second question is essentially on -- you mentioned 2 very interesting products, EM 
walls and vehicle-mounted counter drone system. Congratulations for conducting the test on both of 
these. Just wanted to understand the opportunity size. I mean, a very rough number will do. Also, in 
the last call, you mentioned that by Diwali, we will be having some 5 IP products with our own IP. 
Are these 2 part of that particular group? 
Management: 
Actually, let me take that MV. We had mentioned 3 products at least, okay? EM wall, if you break it 
up, right, is itself 2 products, right? You have the counter -- you have the vehicle-mounted complete 
soft killing and soft kill and hard kill program. EM wall itself is an extension with possible additional 
layers of interceptors, etcetera, being thrown in. We are very well on track for Diwali, somewhere 
around Diwali, actually, for at least 2 complete radars of our own and one drone-mounted 
intelligence, electronic intelligence product. So we should have them. 
Amit Dixit: 
Sir recent… 
Management: 
These are the solutions. None of -- not even a penny of these is -- none of a penny from these is 
included in our numbers, which we give you. That's all upside. If it happens, when it happens, if it 
doesn't happen, it was not there in the numbers. So that's all upside. 
Amit Dixit: 
My guess is it will be more than pennies. It will be rather in pounds. But anyway, the question is, sir, 
BEL has indicated a few very interesting orders in their con call, Shatrughat and Samaghat orders for 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
P-75(I). I'm sure we will have some play over there also. So very broadly speaking, if you could 
highlight the opportunity size for us in these 3 platforms? 
Management: 
Yes. We do have some subsystems for Shatrughat and Samaghat. We are there in the part of the 
development program with DRDO. And we do expect production orders from BEL as and when they 
get orders. Approximately around INR100 crores to INR120 crores worth of orders we expect for 
these 2 programs put together. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. Sir, the last question, if I can squeeze, is in the interest cost, which we saw was down 
substantially in this quarter. So is it due to the lower working capital commitment we have or 
something else? 
Management: 
Yes. If you recall, at the end of last financial year, there is a significant amount of positive cash 
available in the books of accounts. So because of that, the utilization of the overdraft during Q1 is 
very minimal. So that is one of the significant reasons why the overall interest cost is down compared 
to the previous period. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Bajaj Alternate Investment Management. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Sir, first question is regarding the Uttam Radar order. What is the average execution time line? And 
what is the revenue booking that we can see over the next 2 to 3 years? 
Management: 
Yes. The overall, the execution period is about 5 years, as we have mentioned in the press release. 
Before FY '32, we must complete the total order. And the first Phase 1, the 12 numbers, which we 
are supposed to complete by September '27. exactly about 14 months from the date of order. And 
thereafter, almost every year on the average of 25 numbers plus, we should execute. As we ramp up 
the production, we can -- we are even thinking of executing the overall total quantity by FY '31 itself. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Got it, sir. Got it. And earlier on the margin front saying that margin is a key metric. So just wanted 
to understand what could be the margin range going forward because you'll be introducing a couple 
of new products as well. So on a longer-term basis, if you can provide some guidance on the margin? 
Management: 
Let me take that. Solution product pricing will be a function of the market, okay? I think the feedback 
from global markets, which we have received -- actually from not markets, one global market is that 
we are fairly competitive and that's at a very nice margin, okay? So that gives us the confidence that 
we should be able to maintain more or less our current margin trajectory. 
 
But we don't want to commit to you on the margins because there are a lot of factors which will come 
into play from incremental products, number one. Number two, I think what we are pitching for, 
what we are looking at is as we go into more and more systems and DcPPs, right, okay? You will 
actually have a long tail building in of business, okay? 
 
You will have AMCs, etcetera, which will kick in, upgrade cycles, which will kick in. So we have to 
look at the profitability across the product life rather than the initial margin. So there might be a 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
trade-off between the order size and initial margin. But overall, we expect it to be healthier, if not as 
healthy as our current business at least. That's how we would like to address it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikash Singh from ICICI Securities. 
Vikash Singh: 
Your 5- to 6-year guidance, if I just chalk out the revenue plan, then we would cumulatively would 
execute somewhere around INR17,000 crores to INR18,000 crores. While on the order booking 
perspective, we have given INR8,000 crores to INR9,000 crores kind of the road map visibility. So 
are we -- so could you give us any other bigger orders chunk which we are expecting to receive in 
FY28-'29, which would get executed in '30-'31. If you could give us some idea about the thing? 
Management: 
Vikash, I think there's some confusion there. I don't think we are executing INR18,000 crores, 
INR19,000 crores. The order book, which we are talking about, which we will take in over the next 
-- which builds up over the next 3 to 4 years, is to be executed over the next 5 to 6 years. So around 
INR9,000 crores to INR10,000 crores -- INR8,000 crores to INR10,000 crores if you take a range, 
right, is what we are looking to execute, right? So the idea is that when we -- let's say, I don't -- hold 
me to the years, plus/minus 1. 
Let's say, if you're talking of FY31, right, and let's say, we are doing a revenue of $350 million, $400 
million, okay? At that point in time, we need to make sure that we have enough irons in the fire to 
do $600 million to $1 billion. That path has to be chalked out by that time. We see -- we are fairly 
optimistic, honestly, guys, that given the kind of depth of engineering talent we have and the ability 
now to work with others and create solutions building on our core capabilities, we should be in a 
position to kind of aim much higher. 
But in terms of when we broke up the order visibility, we just gave you the current order book, okay? 
And obviously, we did not add over there, the annual incremental orders which we will get, okay, 
from our regular business. And we added 3 more programs, QRSAM, ARC and Su-30s to give you 
to reach the number of INR8,000 crores to INR9,000 crores, INR10,000 crores, okay?  
Obviously, we are expecting much more. The regular business, which we do, that also should be 
kicking in. But from an estimate point of view, Astra would rather be conservative, right? As it 
unfolds, let it be a positive surprise, right, for you. But those are the kind of numbers we are 
comfortable sharing at this point in time. 
Vikash Singh: 
Noted, sir. My calculation is basically coming from that our guidance was INR1,350 crores this year, 
then INR1,600 crores. And we think by FY32, if you wanted to have even a 5x growth would have 
been INR5,500-plus crores. So cumulative execution, it's not about the single year.  
Cumulative execution would have been to the tune of INR18,000 crores, out of which INR4,000 
crores plus another INR5,000 crores, INR6,000 crores guidance we had. So just to add back in this, 
what is the average annual repeat orders, which you just said that you would continue to receive from 
the existing customer? Any numbers you can... 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Management:  
M.V. you want to take that? 
Management: 
I think there's some confusion. 
Management: 
Yes. I'm not still getting the INR17,000 crores. 
Management: 
Probably what we can do is maybe I think we'll give you more clarity when one-to-one. I think I don't 
know how you arrived at that particular figure of cumulative INR17,000 crores. Even if we add all 
these things, it won't cross more than INR10,000 crores. So anyway, I think probably we will have -
- we'll give you more clarity in one-to-one discussions, yes. 
Vikash Singh: 
Noted, sir. Sir, second aspect to the exports. You just said that you have pointed out that you are 
fairly competitive versus global players. Our export segment had not been growing. So any light you 
want to throw. 
Management: 
Yes. We did not have anything to -- we did not have any solutions to export. It is only now that we 
have built products, which are -- which can stand in the market along neck to neck with others. So as 
and when they play out, that's an incremental revenue stream and order stream, which will add to our 
business. We didn’t had anything to export till now  -- so what did we have as a complete solution? 
We did offset business, so-called exports, which was not really exports. It was deemed exports. 
Vikash Singh: 
And sir, execution of this trial order would start from? 
Management:  
Sorry, M.V. what are you saying? 
Management: 
Yes, yes. Actually, let me just clarify both on the export front. As you know, like we started off our 
export only on the BTP front, fulfilling the offset obligation that over a period of last about a few 
years. And subsequently, like we -- since offset guidance have been changed and also our business 
model, we have changed and we came out of the BTP business, we focus more on the BTS.  
So we have a couple of orders on the BTS front from a couple of players that which we have executed 
also and given some prototypes for qualification and all, which take time. And apart from that, on 
the MMICs, that is on the components front, yes, we have been pursuing it aggressively now and we 
are getting good leads from U.S. and other European countries. Probably it may take at least another 
couple of years to get the sizable orders for the -- our components, which we have been doing it. 
So these are some of the things which we have been focusing. And apart from that, as Atim had 
mentioned, the solutions what we worked out, we put complete solutions, which we wanted to prove 
it in for the Indian defense first. And there after that, we will start looking at the export.  
As and when we approach many OEMs and also services in the foreign countries, they have been 
asking us to provide a comprehensive solution, which includes other sensors apart from the radar, 
what we have been doing it. So that is the reason we have been focusing on the overall solution so 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
that we can go to the customer with a complete solution. So that may take about a year or 2 to reach 
the particular stage. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prerit Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Prerit Jain: 
So you have painted a very clear picture on the defense side, like what the opportunities are going 
ahead and what kind of execution you're expecting. Can you shed some more light on the -- basically 
a satellite business and also a metrology business because metrology, the projects Mausam Mission 
-- Project Mausam is going on? And what kind of Doppler weather radars are we expecting there? 
And also on the satellite part, we were building our own satellite. So any updates on that part as well? 
Management: 
We will like to do this in a structured manner over the next few quarters, right, if you will allow us 
that luxury. But to -- suffice to say that we are building our own satellite, which should be launched 
within the first 6 months of the new entity being listed. It is focused not on optics, but on some other 
use cases.  
We will be launching. It's a part of a constellation of satellites, which Astra will be launching. There 
is -- there are multiple product lines, which are being looked at, including being part of global supply 
chains for LEO satellites. But we would like to shed more light on it in a structured manner as we go 
along. 
Management:  
On the weather... 
Management: 
On weather also, we'll combine it together. We'll combine it together. 
Management: 
Actually... 
Management: 
Do you want to give an overview? Please go ahead. 
Management:  
Yes. Let me throw some light on Doppler weather radar, which he was asking. So as you know, we 
are the first Indian company to develop this Doppler weather radar in India to be supplied to IMD 
and having got it commissioned. And we have supplied more than 45 numbers of Doppler weather 
radars in various frequency band. Almost we have covered in every frequency band in last 4 years. 
And we have been supplying. We have orders on hand, which have to be executable for the next 2 
financial years. 
And apart from that, under Mission Mausam, we expect more orders in the current financial year 
which probably we may go for execution in another 3 to 4 years. So we have a visibility to continue 
this particular production for the next 4 to 5 years to make sure that we will maintain the leadership. 
We set up the good infrastructure and as well as the resources. And as Mr. Atim had mentioned, we 
have wanted to go for a special focus entity as such so that we will have more focus to develop new 
products in this particular segment. So our focus is on the metrology and as well as in the hydrology 
segment, and we are coming out with the new products very soon.  

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Prerit Jain: 
Yes, yes, yes. Very helpful, sir. And sir, one more question on the UAV part that we are building up. 
What is the scope of what that will be built in-house by Astra? Like I know Astra like for the soft 
kill, we have the in-built capabilities. But for the hard kill like the artillery or the laser system, will 
that be procured or supplied by the customer itself? 
Management: 
Yes. We are looking at 2 parts to it. One is the guns, right? We are not in the guns business. So we 
will leave it to the client to mount whatever guns they want on to the system, number one. Number 
two, there is an interceptor drone capability, which is being built in, okay? It is -- we are working on 
it actually as we speak. And so it will be a dual kind of a thing.  
But the whole structure is modular which means primarily that my radars and detectors should be 
able to give you the direction, the speed of the incoming, the velocity, the lat-long and align the 
counter kill measure in the direction for the decision to be made to deploy it, okay?  
So be it a directed energy weapon, we are not making one, by the way. So it's a lean -- if you 
remember, our LEAP strategy, lean and learn, right? So we will be procuring a few countermeasures, 
right? If the client wants directed energy weapon, we take that and we put it out there. But we will 
give the client the ability to mount whatever hard kill solution they want on that. 
Prerit Jain: 
Got it, sir. And one more question, if I can squeeze in. What are the key projects that we are expecting 
to execute in FY27? 
Management: 
A few contracts what we have in development contracts like in Radar segment, HISAR and Su-30, 
Virupaksha, AAAU. There are a few other subsystems and also some of the subsystems for BEL, 
especially the FOPM orders, whatever we have received in the last quarter, we are planning to execute 
before March for the QRSAM. Apart from that, there are other subsystems like Atulya and all those 
are all -- will be executed. So most of them are in production in nature. We don't see any major 
challenges to execute this. In EW front also, we have a few orders for the existing programs of BEL 
Hyderabad. 
All those orders also can be executed in this current financial year. And in space, we have a plan to 
execute around INR100 crores, which we have orders from DRDO a few years back that will be 
executed in the next quarter. Similarly, metrology, we have a couple of other orders on hand. This 
order also, a few numbers will be executed by before March. So these are all a few projects which 
we can complete it before March '27. 
Prerit Jain: 
Got it, sir. And sorry, one last question. What can the working capital cycle be like we saw it coming 
down sequentially in this quarter? So for the full year, since most of the orders which are being 
executed can be on the FOPM side, can we expect working capital to moderate even -- like come 
down even a bit more than FY26? 
Management: 
No, I don't think so. I think normally the Q1 and part of Q2, generally, the working capital cycle 
looks much better because of the comfort being derived from the execution made in the previous 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
financial year. As we move forward in Q3 and Q4, again, the pressure builds up on working capital. 
Therefore, I'm not expecting any significant change in the working capital position as compared with 
the previous year, more or less similar. We may be in the same position. But let us wait and see 
probably on end of Q3, we should be able to give a more clear update on that. 
Management: 
I would like the opportunity to reiterate our fundamentals which are driving us a few things. Till we 
have accretive nonorganic opportunities, we will not dilute for working capital. We are fairly 
comfortable on that part, which goes on to increase our return on equity, which is already has moved 
up substantially. And as execution happen, will move up even better.  
And more importantly, the positive operating cash flow, which was our focus and has been achieved. 
As we scale up, you will see nice numbers kicking in on an operating cash flow basis. So I think this 
is sovereign debt. We don't believe that we should be diluting for any working capital requirements, 
just answering a few questions which we have received from others also. So we believe equity is to 
be respected and is a very expensive form of capital. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipen Vakil from PhillipCapital. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Congratulations on decent execution and margins. Sir, my first question is on the lines of your current 
order book. So you mentioned that your current order book is close to around INR2,850 crores. So 
what would be the cyclicity of the order book in terms of how much are the short-cycle orders which 
are executable in the next 1 to 2 years and longer than that? And the follow-up to that would be that 
what would be the tune of short-cycle order that you expect annually over the next 1 to 2 years? 
Management: 
See, we have given the guidance for the current year, as mentioned, about INR1,350 crores and then 
we are expecting another 15% to 18% growth for the next year. So the orders, whatever we have an 
order book today, I think more or less like will be executable next 2 financial years, except the one 
which, in fact, we got that Uttam, which need to be executed in 4 to 5 years. Otherwise, most of the 
orders, whatever we have, they are basically will come for execution in the next 2 years. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Got it, sir. Sir, any annually short-cycle orders that you expect, say, something on the regular nature, 
maybe it is on the services side, something on annual quantum? 
Management: 
Generally, for us, the short cycle orders are very limited. So it is difficult to quantify how much of 
that is going to be, but it all depends. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Got it. Sir, second question is, if you can give us a slightly elongated comment from your L1 for 
AAAU for AMCA program as to what would be the quantum of it? And what kind of opportunity 
can we expect in the AMCA program? 
Management: 
Yes. This is basically a development program as probably you are aware that ADA, they have given 
this development of Radar to DRDO LRDE, in that the AAAU portion of that been -- came out of 
tender. So we and the other company, BEL, we both of us, we emerged as L1 and L2, and we will be 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
getting this order for -- like the way we got the order for Uttam AAAU, similar the same way we 
have participated for development of Active Antenna Array Unit for AMCA order.  
As far as the size is concerned, as you know, the numbers are already available in the site, whatever 
the number of AMCA quantity, which government is looking for. So that anyway as a lead, it has 
DcPP, this RFP is already out. I think they have shortlisted 3 consortium partners. So whosoever 
wins the particular bid, and they will be taking this order -- this radar from the radar designated 
production agency. So we will be part of the supply chain. 
Management: 
We don't know the numbers. That you have to ask ADA and AMCA guys. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mithoon from Kyaivah Advisors. 
Mithoon: 
Just wanted to understand any guidance on the full year EBITDA margins? Do you expect to maintain 
what you did last fiscal? And also wanted to understand, secondly, on the space sort of the business, 
out of the INR1,350 crores, how much would come from that sector? 
Management: 
Actually, we didn't get you the first part of your question. The second part, I can answer. Out of 
INR1,350 crores of projected sale for this financial year, I would say close to about INR120 crores 
to INR150 crores is going to be from the space sector. 
Mithoon: 
Right. My question was more on the EBITDA margin guidance. Would your margins be similar to 
last year? Or is there any room for increase? 
Management: 
Definitely, definitely, the margins are going to be similar to last year. You can expect a delta increase 
on that -- positive increase in that margins. 
Mithoon: 
Got it. And just wanted to understand, since the space business will be demerged, what sort of plans 
do we see in that part of the business and opportunities which will come up, which maybe we did not 
have so far? 
Management: 
Space, we'll detail it out in the next few quarters -- over the next few quarters in terms of what specific 
areas we'll be looking at. Our intention is to create substantial value addition for our shareholders 
from Space and Weather division combined as a separate entity. So you'll be getting in an absolutely 
rock bottom in my opinion, for a sector, which is looking quite promising, okay? Suffice to say, we 
are not going to be banking on domestic business alone, but we will be looking at participating on a 
slightly larger scale, global scale. As and when they are finalized, we'll share it with you. 6 to 9 
months. 
Mithoon: 
That business will have a run rate of about INR150 crores as we speak, right? 
Management: 
Possibly. More than that, combined, more than that. So I think I'm on record for no point -- so no 
harm in repeating it. Our first year guidance for the space business should be in the range of 300 -- 
space entity as a stand-alone entity, space and weather should be in the range of INR300-plus crores 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
with at least 18% to 20% PBT margin. So it will be a profitable entity right on day 1 with its own 
cash flows and everything. But we'll detail it out please in the next few quarters. A lot of things are 
being finalized as we speak.  
Our focus is right now on the personnel. As I said, people are the most important assets in Astra. And 
right now, I hope you understand and appreciate how difficult or how a difficult task it is with all of 
us here to kind of make sure that everything happens in a smoothest possible manner. 
The facilities are being demerged stand-alone. The people have been identified, put across into 
different segments, different buckets and accounting and S.G.R. has ensured that accounting has been 
happening on a stand-alone basis right from the beginning of the year. So for us, it is extremely 
simple now.  
We've done -- we've just completed migration to SAP/HANA , and congratulations S.G. for that and 
successfully. And to do all these things without disruption to the existing business is a fairly dedicated 
task. So we are focused on that and then subsequently, everything else will flow. But we hope that 
this business itself will be as value creating for Astra shareholders as Astra has been. 
Mithoon: 
So sir, just last one. You said INR1,350 crores. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Mithoon. May we request return to the question queue for a follow-up question. 
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Singh from Systematix Group. 
Abhijeet Singh: 
Sir, first question is what is our capabilities and product offerings in the BrahMos program? There 
has been significant interest coming in from exports from different geographies in the Southeast. And 
I understand that we have been developing seekers, the RF seekers from the BrahMos program. So 
apart from that, apart from seekers, in totality, if you can answer in terms of both development and 
production, where are we in that? What all do we supply? And going forward, what is the plan on 
that program? 
Management: 
Yes. The existing BrahMos missiles, we are there as a part of supply chain for the gimbal-based RF 
seekers. In that, we are supplying a critical RF component to the OEM. Apart from that, we also 
supply telemetry products to BrahMos missiles. And also, we have taken up a proactive development 
for BrahMos new generation that NG missile. There, I think that seeker, whatever we have taken it 
up, it is in the development stage, may take another few months for us to complete that and then go 
for testing and qualification. So we -- this is what we have been focusing as far as the BrahMos 
missile is concerned. 
Abhijeet Singh: 
Understood, sir. And sir, have we factored in the BrahMos whatever development we are doing in 
the order inflow that we projected? 
Management: 
Only existing orders that whatever the development we have completed and which we have been 
producing, those numbers only we have factored. But otherwise, the new program, which we are 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
working out on the NCNC or maybe on the proactive development, those numbers we have not taken 
into account. 
Abhijeet Singh: 
Right. So sir, is there a possibility of upward surprise on this because that program promises to be 
significant, possibly. 
Management: 
Yes, yes, there's a possibility. 
Abhijeet Singh: 
Right. Sir, lastly, revenue decline this quarter. I mean, logically, I would assume that there could be 
some kind of shipping issues at the end of the quarter, and we might be sitting on a larger finished 
good inventory. So is there a deferred revenue situation in Q1? And if it is, yes, how much is the 
quantum? 
Management: 
As we mentioned in the opening remarks, there are a few programs which we plan to book sales in 
the first quarter, but because of some inspection issues and there was a delay in -- from our side in 
the sense to prove the specifications. So there were a few issues in the development cycle. And also 
there were some supply chain issues. So there are coupled with all this, we missed out to execute 
these few programs in the first quarter, but we will be able to cover it up, I think, in coming quarters.  
Mostly, like in Q3 and Q4, we will have a good execution as we have almost received all the material 
for those 2 quarters. And also the development projects are in the final stage of clearance. So I think 
next coming quarters will be promising. And overall, whatever the guidance we have given in the 
beginning of the year, that I think we are confident to meet that. 
Management: 
So gentlemen, I must add here that we don't -- our quarterly numbers are our internal numbers, which 
we are constantly fine-tuning. And since we don't even break them out and we only give you the 
yearly numbers, right? So whatever estimate you feel like, please make the estimates, but we know 
what we have to achieve at the end of the year. And that's the guidance we are working on.  
So we don't -- like other companies, which have told everybody, which are very clearly spelled out, 
this business is not a quarterly driven business, right? There are so many things which lead into this 
particular program, right, which lead to seeds to revenue realization that yearly targets are the ones 
which we focus on, okay? So I don't know what is the basis. But at the end of the year, we will deliver 
what we say we are looking to deliver. That's our -- that's what drives us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirom Kapur from Jefferies. 
Shirom Kapur: 
My question is on some of this guidance that you've given for the next 5 years, talking about 6 to 7x 
revenues versus FY26. Apologies if I might have missed this earlier, but is this purely on defense 
side? Like are you guiding for this x of the space and meteorology business that's going to be spun 
off?  
Just want to understand the guidance that you're giving going ahead even on all the orders and a few 
quarters back, you had given some guidance on what the sales could be in FY29 and '30 as well as 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
INR2,200 crores, Is that all purely going to be in the defense company? Does that include your space 
business as well? 
Management: 
Actually, we broke it up into constituent parts of the same thing, right? So barring the next 2 years, 
there's nothing from space. So the space portion is only reflected in the existing INR4,300 crores that 
we spoke about, okay, the current order book. And the recurring business, which will come in, but 
which we did not take into account here in this calculation of INR8,000 crores to INR10,000 crores, 
okay? So mostly, it is defense side that we are talking about. Space we'll address as and when we get 
long separated out. 
Shirom Kapur: 
Right. So that 6x to 7x in the next 5 years, that will be 6x to 7x of your FY26 defense sales. Is that 
understanding broadly correct? 
Management: 
See, right now, when we talk of Astra, we are talking of Astra as a unified company, right, okay? 
The separation has still not happened. So till the time it happens, we are talking of a combined 
business. So when we talk about, let's say, INR1,057 crores, which was the revenue last year, okay? 
That is both actually is both the companies combined, right?  
So when we are talking of an order book to the tune of INR8,000 crores to INR10,000 crores order 
intake over 3 to 4 years, we are talking of multiples of the combined INR1,057 crores entity. And so 
similarly, execution is based on the historical number of INR1,057 crores which was, I guess, which 
took 33 years in the making, right? And now this is the growth phase, which we are expecting. 
Shirom Kapur: 
Right, sir. That's clear. And just secondly, on your -- to ask about your space and meteorology 
business. So would it be fair to look at the business as a function of the kind of capital investments 
that the government is making in the space and meteorology -- is that -- or are there any opportunities 
beyond government programs that we are looking at in this business? Just want to understand 
currently as well as from a future point of view. 
Management: 
Yes. So our current business is focused solely on the Government of India programs. Going forward, 
we will be -- we are -- as I said, within the first 6 months of the space business coming on its own, 
we would be launching our own satellite, which will be a part of a consortium of satellites, okay? So 
there is a data monetization business, which is substantial.  
If you think about it, when we talk of data being the new gold or all the so-called topic which used 
to happen, right, it has been so far confined to our personal databases, financial sector, etcetera, 
etcetera, right? It is now space where the inflection point has come where space will be able to get 
industrial grade, industrial sized databases and ability to process that into tangible defined outcomes. 
We hope to play on that. And thirdly, we are -- we want to be -- we desire to be a part of the 
international supply chain. But we'll detail all these things out probably 2 quarters down the line as 
we finalize our numbers and are much more certain of what we are doing. We hope to come to you 
with something real tangible.  

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
When we speak to you, we try and keep it -- we try and keep our conversations to what is actually in 
the bag and highly visible with limited scope for error. That's exactly what we want to do for space 
also. So all these multiple strategies shall tie in together, but there's going to be much beyond 
Government of India programs, hopefully. 
Shirom Kapur: 
Understood, sir. If I could just squeeze in on your meteorology business. So of course, the last couple 
of years, we've seen a sharp scale up even on the government end with Mission Mausam coming 
through, and there's been a ramp-up in the budget as well for FY27 driven by Mission Mausam. How 
long do we expect this to continue? Are we going to sort of see FY28 onwards that kind of start to 
trend downwards again? Or is there -- is this a sustainable program where this level of capex by the 
government could sustain for the next few years and drive the opportunity? 
Management: 
You asked us about our opinion and we actually were discussing amongst a few of our directors the 
other day. We -- somebody -- one of our directors drove down from Haridwar, okay? And the kind 
of situation which exists on the roads, right, okay, where people are cut off, right, okay, because of 
land slides, because of extreme weather and extreme rains and climate change, you have to be a 
believer in that if we are believers, right? So given all these things combined, I think there should be 
and there ought to be and from indications are, there will be a sustained focus on meteorological 
budgets. So we hope to capitalize on that. 
Management: 
So just to add to Atim, what he had mentioned is basically, apart from Doppler weather radar, we 
also are trying to develop new radars in this particular segment like Avalanche Radar and the weather 
forecasting applications we are trying to enhance as to provide a complete solution. So our journey 
is on. And while addressing this requirement of IMD, we are trying to provide a complete solution 
on the weather platform. And that probably we will get ready by next year or 2 years. And demand 
will be there for next 8 to 10 years. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we take that as the last question of the day. And now 
I would like to hand over the conference to the management for closing comments. 
S. G. Reddy: 
Yes. Thank you, and thank you all for being part of the discussions. I also would like to share with 
all of you. This is my last interaction with you as a Managing Director of the company. I am passing 
on the baton to Mr. M.V. Reddy and Atim who are more energetic. I'm sure that they will be able to 
deliver much more than what has happened in the last couple of years. 
Atim Kabra: 
S.G. you created a legacy, you have created a legacy, right, okay? And I think it's going to be -- you 
leave us with a very strong footing, and we hope to live up to your expectation. And seriously, thank 
you for everything. 
S. G. Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Astra Microwave Products Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
