 
UNIPARTS INDIA LTD. 
 
 
 
Regd. Office: Gripwel House, Block-5, LSC, C 6&7, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi-110070, India|Tel: +91 11 26137979 |Fax: +91 11 26133195  
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, B 208, A1 & A2, Phase-II, Noida-201305, (U.P.), India  
Tel: +91 120 4581400 | Fax: +91 120 4581499 
E-mail: info@unipartsgroup.com; website: www.unipartsgroup.com 
An ISO 9001:2008 & 14001:2004 Company 
CIN : L74899DL1994PLC061753 
August 12, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 543689 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: UNIPARTS 
 
Subject:  Regulation 30: Transcript of Earnings Call pertaining to the Unaudited 
Financial Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of earnings call on the Unaudited Financial 
Results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, which was held on Wednesday, 
August 05, 2026. 
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
uploaded 
on 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.unipartsgroup.com/home/quarterly_financial_results.  
 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Uniparts India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Jatin Mahajan 
Head Legal, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
Jatin 
Mahajan
Digitally signed by Jatin Mahajan 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=pyobr5mf0ns3ljcq68xt91ik2z
47dvgw, 
2.5.4.20=e3fc705527aaf20c69e82fd8ef3a9a
41d8839d36101b61ecac0711594d6b71ad, 
postalCode=110055, st=Delhi, 
serialNumber=d5b1db751344dcaea44f0c2
05f807da679a55e6357945c94be95083c41
ac9235, cn=Jatin Mahajan 
Date: 2026.08.12 11:36:49 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
  
“Uniparts India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 05, 2026 
E&OE – This transcript is edited for factual errors.  
In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 5th august 2026, will prevail. 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
         
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GURDEEP SONI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – UNIPARTS INDIA LIMITED 
 
MS. TANUSHREE BAGRODIA – WHOLE TIME 
DIRECTOR AND GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
UNIPARTS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SANDEEP TANEJA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – UNIPARTS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. HIMANSHU SHARMA – HEAD, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS AND FP&A – UNIPARTS INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KANAV KHANNA – EY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Uniparts India Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kanav Khanna. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Kanav Khanna: 
Thanks, Anushka. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Q1 FY27 Earnings Call of 
Uniparts India Limited. We have on the call from the management side, Mr. Gurdeep Soni, 
Chairman and Managing Director; Ms. Tanushree Bagrodia, Whole-Time Director and Group 
CEO; Mr. Sandeep Taneja, Group CFO; and Mr. Himanshu Sharma, Head, IR and FP&A. 
 
We must remind you that the discussion in today's call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must be, therefore, viewed in conjunction with the risks that the company may 
face. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Soni to take us through the financial and business update, 
subsequent to which we can open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Gurdeep Soni: 
Thanks a lot. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. It is indeed a pleasure to 
welcome you all to the Uniparts Q1 FY27 Earnings Call. The first quarter of FY27 reflects the 
divergent dynamics currently shaping our end markets and importantly, how we are navigating 
them. Central to this is the operational rigor our teams have demonstrated in ensuring we 
continue to meet customer expectations without exception. 
 
On that note, the restoration of the finishing shop at our Ludhiana facility is progressing well 
and on schedule. And I'm pleased to report that customer supply has remained uninterrupted 
throughout. Equally, our Mexico operations are on track with first customer deliveries from the 
warehouse expected in Q3 of this year. This is a meaningful milestone in our journey as a global 
supply partner. 
 
Turning to the Q1 FY27 performance. We are pleased to report revenue growth of 27% year-
on-year EBITDA growth of 55% year-on-year and a PAT growth of 64% year-on-year. This 
performance is in line with the quarter-on-quarter guidance we had shared, but better than the 
annual guidance we had given and reflects the quality of execution by the team across a quarter 
that was not without its challenges. 
 
The ongoing West Asia situation has continued to exert pressure on input costs and supply 
chains. Our teams have navigated this with discipline, working closely with vendors and 
ensuring that our delivery commitments were met without disruption. 
 
On a trailing 12-month basis, our earnings per share stand at INR39.97, and our ROCE is north 
of 27%, with ROE at 20%. Our net cash position at the end of quarter 1 stands at INR190 crores, 
reflecting the continued strength of our cash generation. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
Just to put this in context, when we declared the special dividend of INR101 crores in October 
of '25, our cash balance was approximately INR210 crores. Therefore, in just 10 months through 
focused operations and business growth, we have rebuilt to that level. Our balance sheet is in 
excellent health, and we continue to actively evaluate acquisition opportunities that can 
accelerate our strategic agenda. 
 
On the business development front, our trailing 12-month new business order book remains 
robust at over INR225 crores with a healthy pipeline. These wins span segments and geographies 
and reflect continued customer confidence in our capabilities across our 3 product platforms, 
which are the three-point linkage for agricultural and PMP and fabrications. 
 
We are continuing to invest in growing our construction and large agricultural equipment 
businesses, given that the small ag is already a segment where we hold significant global market 
share. The new business momentum is structural, and we intend to build on it. 
 
Let me talk about some of the industry segments that we work on. On the construction 
equipment, the momentum that started in the second half of calendar year 2025 has continued 
into Q1 of FY27. 
 
Infrastructure-led spending, particularly under the technology investments in the U.S. and the 
government-led investments in Europe, is sustaining healthy customer schedules and order 
visibility. This segment is performing well, and we are growing with it, supported by both market 
recovery and new business additions. 
 
Coming to the large agricultural equipment, conditions remain subdued as has been widely 
acknowledged across the industry. Leading OEMs have indicated that current year 2026 
represents the cyclical bottom with a more meaningful recovery expected through calendar year 
2027. 
 
Our growth in this segment is therefore not market-driven. It is entirely the result of new business 
wins, with particular momentum in Europe. This is a natural extension of our core competency 
and a segment we are investing in with a long-term view. 
 
In the small agriculture equipment, India continues to perform well, supported by government 
subsidy programs and rising adoption across the mid-to-higher horsepower categories. New 
business wins in India in the small ag segment have been particularly strong. 
 
In the Western market, small ag growth remains more measured. Consumer appetite for big-
ticket equipment purchases has been tempered by the economic uncertainty and volatility, 
leading to continued deferral of buying decisions. 
 
That said, the bottom appears to be behind us. After 3 consecutive years of volume decline, we 
are beginning to see some recovery in unit volumes and the direction of growth is encouraging. 
Driven by our share position and continued new business additions, our business growth remains 
strong in this segment. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
Finally, our aftermarket business represents approximately 12% of revenue in Q1 of FY27 and 
was flat year-on-year in absolute terms. The tariff-driven price volatility has led to some demand 
skewing, as higher prices caused customers and channel partners to moderate their purchasing. 
 
With tariffs having since come down, we expect this to normalize and the segment to return to 
growth. In the meantime, our OEM business has grown strongly, which has naturally reduced 
aftermarket as a proportion of overall revenues. Aftermarket remains a strong and strategically 
important pillar of our business and a continued area of focus. 
 
With these remarks, let me hand over to our CFO, Mr. Sandeep Taneja, for a detailed walk-
through of the financials of our company. Thanks. 
Sandeep Taneja: 
Thank you, sir. Good evening, everyone. I'll briefly take you through the key financial highlights 
for the quarter ended 30th June 2026. Our revenue from operations for Q1 FY27 stood at INR347 
crores, representing 27% year-over-year growth and remaining broadly in line with the guidance 
we had shared earlier. 
 
EBITDA for the quarter was INR90 crores, registering strong 55% growth year-on-year and 
10% growth sequentially, reflecting healthy operating leverage and disciplined cost management 
across the business. 
 
Profit after tax stood at INR57 crores, up 64% year-over-year and 11% quarter-over-quarter, 
demonstrating strength of our operating performance and profitability profile. We generated 
INR44 crores of operating cash during the quarter, and our 12-month trailing EPS stands at 
INR39.97, reflecting sustained improvement in earnings over the past year. 
 
Net working capital stands at 139 days of trailing 12 months revenue as of 30th June, reflecting 
our near-shoring and warehousing-led business model while remaining broadly under control. 
We ended quarter with net cash position of approximately INR190 crores, underlining the 
strength of our cash generation capabilities and financial discipline. 
 
Capital expenditure during the quarter was INR12 crores, in line with ongoing investment plans 
focused on capacity enhancement, productivity improvement and customer-led growth 
initiatives. 
 
With that, I will hand over the call back to the moderator for question-and-answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take the 
first question from the line of Ashutosh Tiwari from Equirus. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Congrats on a very good set of numbers. Firstly, we have seen very strong growth in the 
construction equipment segment for us. Do you think that structurally the segment share in 
revenue will go up from here, like say, what it is right now? Can this be maintained? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Ashutosh, Tanushree Bagrodia here. Ashutosh, you are right that in Q1 FY27, the business has 
really seen a good growth in the construction business, which is today 45% of our total revenue. 
The structural drivers of this, which is the new business wins, the construction industry recovery 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
and the wallet expansion are all multi-quarter in nature. And this momentum is going to be here, 
right? 
 
But we also have to bear in mind that we play in 2 other industries, which is the small ag and 
the large ag. And as the cycle broadens and the ag recovery builds through it, at that point in 
time, we will not only see the ag industry growth coming in, we will also see the product and 
the geographic mix getting rebalanced. This is actually expected and it's very, very healthy. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Okay. Okay. And I think exactly 10 years back,  from 2012 to 2016 again was a bottom, let's 
say, declining years for tractor industry globally. And we saw a turnaround in that in '17. So I 
think similar thing can happen again now after 10 years almost? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Absolutely. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Okay. And is the construction equipment segment for us higher margin than tractors as a whole 
as of now? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So Ashutosh, our margins actually across products are fairly similar. I think where we have a 
differentiated margin profile is our delivery channel. So the locally made and locally sold is our 
least margin profile. Our direct exports is our base margin of what we say 20%. And then the 
warehouse sales is our highest margin product. And what you will also see is both in Q4 FY26 
and Q1 FY27, our warehouse-led sales have been higher, and this is also reflected very positively 
in our EBITDA margin percentages. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Okay. Okay. And lastly, guidance for this year for sales growth remains the same or there's some 
uptick in that? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So I think if you look at our Q1 performance, this is in line with what we had guided. And I 
think Q2 is also remaining robust. I think overall on an annual basis, what we are seeing is that 
the growth of the construction industry is faster than what was envisaged at the start of the year. 
And keeping that in mind and the visibility that we have, our FY27 growth will be a couple of 
percentage points bigger than the growth that we had in FY26 on a year-on-year basis. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Saishivam Shah from Avendus Spark. 
Saishivam Shah: 
Congratulations for a very good quarter. Just a quick question. The company has been 
highlighting regarding the acquisition and additional opportunities of PTOs and fabrication from 
2023. When can we see it actually materializing and meaningfully contributing to revenue? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Saishivam, I think we acknowledge that this has been talked about for a long time and investors 
and analysts all want an update. The truth of the matter is that we have evaluated about a dozen 
targets since IPO across hydraulic fabrication and PTO. 
 
And on a few occasions, we've been very close to making the acquisition, but the deal fell 
through for different reasons. The main reason for that is as management and as responsible 
people, we don't want to make an acquisition unless we are confident that it will be value 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
accretive for all stakeholders. We are not in a hurry to do something just to say that we've done 
it. 
 
And I think with that background, we continue to evaluate acquisitions. I think today, we have 
about half a dozen opportunities that we are closely looking at. So the effort, the intensity and 
the intention are all in that direction. And we will come back to our investors and to our 
stakeholders with more information as and when we have it. 
Saishivam Shah: 
Just a follow-up question. Post acquisition, when will it get reflected in revenue? What will be 
the time frame? And what will be the percentage increase or growth? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So I think at this point in time, given that we are not talking about a particular opportunity, I'll 
tell you how we think about this structurally, right? And what do we look at in acquisitions. So 
first of all, like I said, the global industry has decided, it has to be something where we can go 
back to our customers add value, where we can use our current processes, product knowledge, 
competencies to grow the new business. We're also looking at something which is ROCE and 
ROE accretive to us within, let's say, an 18 to 30-months span. 
 
We also want to ensure that we are looking at hydraulics, PTOs and fabrications to add a 
meaningful platform, right, to our current business. And at the same time, the size has to be such 
that it has to be manageable by the current team. We do not want to bite more than we can chew. 
The one thing we are not looking at is deeply distressed assets. We will not to do an acquisition 
of that nature. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Viraj Kacharia from SiMPL. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers in such a challenging environment. A couple of 
questions. First, if you can give the contribution from FX and inventory gain in the quarter, what 
will be that contribution, if you can quantify? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So Viraj, if you look at it, our cost of materials this time is about 33.3%, And I think it's coming 
at 33.3% largely because there's been a product mix change. There has been a small inventory 
gain that you will see on the face of the financials, and that's roughly about INR1 crore. But the 
larger cost of materials at 33.3% is due to the product mix change. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Can you elaborate what you mean by product mix? Because see, if you look at historical also 
our communication has been that it's more about the channel mix rather than the segment or the 
product per se, which really drives the margin lever for us. So when you say product mix, what 
exactly you mean by it? And similarly, for channel mix, if you can give the number for Q1 versus 
last year? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So when I say product mix, I mean exactly a bifurcation of three-point linkage, precision 
machined parts and our fabrication business. While they have similar margins, they may have 
different material consumption percentages. And that's what drives the material consumption 
percentage that I'm talking about. And like we've said, on our channel margins, right, our base 
margin of 20% is where our direct exports are. Our locally made locally sold is lower than that 
and our warehouse sales is higher margin than that. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang Securities Private 
Limited. 
Sunil Jain: 
Congratulations on great set of numbers. My question is more on an industry perspective. You 
are seeing very good traction in construction industry now, and we are seeing good revenue 
growth coming up in the current year, and you are guiding for a good growth. Next year, FY28, 
we will see agri coming back, at least large agri, which is degrowing over there in the U.S. and 
all, and that is likely to come back. 
 
And small agri also, which is just started positive will continue in next year. So next year, again, 
we will have a second lever, which will be running and we can have a good growth. Is that the 
right perception? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So Mr. Jain, thank you. So I think this year's growth, absolutely, construction industry has been 
doing well globally. It's driven by different underlying levers in the U.S. and in Europe. In U.S., 
we've said it's driven by the AI and the smart manufacturing investment and the government 
spends in Europe and infrastructure. You're absolutely right that the small agriculture industry 
after 3 years of downturn has started seeing some uptick. 
 
But the growth in the small ag industry is going to come in calendar year '27. Large ag in '26 is 
facing its trough. We expect mid-teens decline in the large ag industry this year. And again, the 
growth will come in FY28. Keeping this in mind, there will be growth in FY28. 
 
Remember, we are coming off from a 3-year very, very deep cycle that construction and ag 
industries have faced, and these are very deep cycles that potentially the industry didn't see in 
the last 30 years. So once the growth is coming back, we will see the uptick, and this will be a 
good growth cycle for both industries. 
Sunil Jain: 
So considering good growth for next 2 years, you had guided cycle EBITDA margin of 21%. So 
do you see that moving up because you are already at almost around 23% and there is still 2 
more years for the leveraging benefit to come? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So Mr. Jain, when we talk about 20% margins, we are talking about 20% margins over a cycle 
which is peak to trough. We maintain that. I think what we started seeing is, of course, we started 
seeing the margins of 20% play out. We are going to deliver FY27 also very comfortably over 
the 20% plus margin, right? Where they stack up, obviously depends on how the industry 
recovery happens, how much of warehousing sale is there and how the currency plays out. We, 
actually are confident that 20% plus is what we will deliver. We are focusing on executing with 
that what is in our control. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Anubhav Mukherjee from Prescient Capital. 
Anubhav Mukherjee: 
Ma'am, congrats on a good set of numbers. Ma'am, historically, like our market share in large 
ag has been lower and now we are trying to gain market share. So can you share some perspective 
on like why is the market share lower in large ag? Is it that the competition is more capable? Or 
does it require a different set of capabilities? And what are we doing now to like increase our 
market share? That will be very helpful? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Okay. So Anubhav, if you see the ag market globally, the large ag market is in the Western 
countries and in our home market in India, we are a small ag country. India is the largest producer 
of tractors in the world. 50% of the tractors are produced in India. And all of this is small ag. 
This is our home market advantage. So as we started out, we built on our home market 
advantage, expanded that globally and then got a meaningful share in the small ag segment. 
 
In the large ag segment, we have a lower share because now growing this will also takes time. 
There is a validation and a testing process that every OEM has. And as we build the product for 
OEM put them through testing and validation, the awards come through and then the revenue 
comes through, this is a cycle. 
 
We've been putting in concerted efforts into that. And that's how what you've seen is that in 
FY26, we actually won some very good new large ag business awards, which have now started 
flowing into our P&L. 
 
They have also meant that customers are now getting more excited about working as on the large 
ag opportunities and our focus on growing this segment continues. We are in deep discussions 
with customers on a multiple number of opportunities in this segment. 
Anubhav Mukherjee: 
And ma'am, my second question is that in the CFM segment, it seems like over the years, our 
growth has mainly come from OEMs in North America. Even in this quarter, the growth from 
North America and CFM segment was very strong. But you were mentioning that CFM is doing 
well in Europe as well. So are we in talks with or like do we see some opportunity to break into 
new OEMs in Europe? Some perspective on that will be useful? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Sure, Anubhav. I think if you look at the top 3 construction equipment suppliers in the world, 
we actually work with them across geographies and across different product segments. That 
effort from our side has been growing. Of course, today, as you're coming out of the cycle, there 
is a little bit of how different geographies and different industry segments are performing 
impacting what our revenue contribution is looking like. 
 
But now coming to our new order wins book, if you see, our new order win book is pretty much 
similar across Europe and the U.S. So as the cycle follows through and as our new business 
comes through in our revenue, you should see that playing out in the revenue contribution as 
well, both from a segment and a geography point of view. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Resham Jain from VVD Asset Managers. 
Resham Jain: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. So I have one question on the overall capital allocation. 
Like you have been looking out for inorganic and it's good that you have been very prudent 
about it. But let's say, if inorganic doesn't happen, then are there any other plans in terms of 
organic capital allocation in terms of getting into new segments or new areas? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Resham, thank you for that question. Resham, 2.5 years ago, we actually invested in a new 
facility for small and medium-sized fabrication. This is a business that we are now developing. 
So the idea really was that while we are waiting for acquisitions to happen, wherever we have 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
the opportunity, can we actually start investing on our own and go to the market to work with 
our customers and partner with them more deeply. 
 
And I think that actually has worked out quite well because today, on the fabrication space, we 
are in deep discussion with our OEM customers to be able to now start supplying fabrications to 
them in addition to PMP and 3PL. I think overall, if you see, even after having done that, today, 
our capex requirements as a business are roughly about 2.5% to 3.5% of our total revenue. That 
remains fairly constant. And so we have a war chest to be able to help us with acquisitions. 
 
And I think we demonstrated that in October 2025 that we gave out a special dividend because 
at that point in time, we didn't have a line of sight for an investment in an inorganic opportunity. 
So we said we would return that capital to the shareholders. And I think that capital allocation 
decisions are constantly mulled at the Board level, considered deeply, and we take the right call 
that we believe will serve our customers, our employees, our vendors and all our stakeholders. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. So the follow-up question here is on the fabrication business. You don't see that to scale 
up on a low base over the next few years and becoming a meaningful vertical over the next few 
years? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
We do believe that the fabrication vertical will become a meaningful vertical. In the next 18 to 
24 months, we believe this vertical will be a meaningful vertical. But even as this vertical grows, 
the capital requirement is not going to be to the tune of being able to use our cash balances. 
When I gave you that 2.5% to 3.5% of capital required, it includes considering all the growth 
opportunities that we can see organically across three-point linkage, precision machined parts 
and fabrication and across OEM and after markets. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Nishita Shanklesha from Sapphire Capital. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
So I am joining the call for the first time. So apologies if my question is repetitive. But if you 
can just reiterate the revenue and margin guidance for next 2 years, that would be great. 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So Nishita, what we are saying is that we are coming out of the industry that has seen 3 years of 
a down cycle. The construction industry started recovering mid of last calendar year, and that is 
flowing through this year. In that backdrop, what we are saying is FY26 saw a year-on-year top 
line increase of 21%. FY27 will see a top line increase, which is a few percentage points better 
than that. And as the growth comes through in FY28, this sort of trajectory of growth should 
continue. 
 
On the margin profile, we say that our trough to peak or peak to trough, our cycle EBITDA 
margins are about 20%. Given that we are in the recovery mode, we have seen our margins doing 
better. Last quarter, it was at about 24%. This quarter, it's at about 25%. And that obviously is 
because operating leverage is now playing in our favor. We also have our channel mix, which is 
playing. 
 
So we deliver to customers. So we make locally and sell locally. We directly export from India, 
and we also do warehouse sales. So our highest margin is warehouse sales. And as that 
proportion goes up, our EBITDA goes up, and that's what's been happening in the last few 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
quarters. If you need a little more color on this, the team will really be happy to take you through 
and explain this to you. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Okay. Understood. That is great. And just a clarification question. So the capital requirement of 
2.5% to 3%, that includes both the inorganic and organic growth opportunities, right? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So the capital requirement of 2.5% to 3.5% is the capital requirements for fresh equipment and 
repairs and maintenance for the organic business. For the inorganic business today, we are a 
debt-free balance sheet with roughly INR190 crores of cash on hand. So that gives us enough 
powder for making an acquisition. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Okay. Okay. So should we have any inorganic acquisition opportunities to raise debt? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Yes. Financially, we have a strong balance sheet to be able to make an acquisition. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Saumil Shah from Paras Investments. 
Saumil Shah: 
So I wanted to do more on our Mexico facility. So what is the kind of business potential we are 
looking through Mexico? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So Saumil, our Mexico business currently is structured that most of our manufacturing will 
happen in India. We will export from India, and we'll do warehouse managed sales to customers 
from there. For FY27, we believe that this revenue should be in mid-single-digit million dollar 
level. What we are seeing over here is as our customers are moving their production to Mexico 
and expanding their Mexico facilities, this revenue will go up. In Phase 2, we will also be 
considering manufacturing in Mexico. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. Okay. So will this presence in Mexico increase our warehouse sale and further increase 
our EBITDA? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So our Mexico sales from the warehouse, if everything else remains constant, we'll increase our 
warehousing sale. But given that the industry is turning and there are also customers where their 
demands are increasing. We are also seeing an increase in locally made and locally sold 
requirement and direct export requirements. 
 
So over a period of time, I think our warehousing sales will remain in the range of, let's say, 
about 52% to 55%, 56%. And I think that's where we foresee this to remain in the next, let's say, 
12 to 18 months. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. Got it. Okay. And in the previous call, you did mention that second half to be better than 
the first half. So do we still hold on to that expectation? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
I think, Saumil, given that the ag industry recovery is going to happen in the second half, I think 
that's a fairly obvious and a fairly visible outcome for us at this point in time. 
Saumil Shah: 
And to the previous participant, you did mention that Q2 to be similar range of Q1. Is that 
understanding correct? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So Q2 looks very robust, and I think Q2 should be in line with Q1. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Viraj Kacharia from SiMPL. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
I was just asking, if I look at the last cycle, right, in '22, we have not seen even those periods 
when the volume was at a very high level, we have not seen that kind of operating and that kind 
of a gross margin as what we are seeing right now. So I was just trying to understand that other 
than, say, FX or inventory, what exactly was driving this and the sustainability of this going 
forward? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So Viraj, the gross margins, so a couple of things, right, the product mix from '22 to FY27 quarter 
1 has changed. We also have a different mix of warehousing sales versus direct export versus 
locally made and locally sold. All of that come together to give us a gross margin level and 
finally, an EBITDA level. And those are the differences that are playing out at the moment. 
 
Is this gross margin sustainable? I think what we've always maintained is that our material cost 
should be in the range of 34% to 37%, and that's typical of our business. So we are very confident 
of maintaining that level of gross margin. We are also very confident of maintaining our 20% 
EBITDA margin over the cycle. And I think these variables stack up to deliver within these 
ranges at different points in time. 
Moderator: 
We proceed with the next question from the line of Anubhav Mukherjee from Prescient Capital. 
Anubhav Mukherjee: 
Ma'am, what is the outlook on the replacement market business because it has been in like 
degrowth phase last financial year and even in this quarter. So if you could share some 
perspective on that? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Sure. I think, Anubhav, what we are seeing currently in, what we saw last year and what we are 
seeing right now in the aftermarket is actually a demand deferral and the end buyers have 
deferred their discretionary spend, right? And this is largely a channel problem, and it is also 
driven by macroeconomic factors. 
 
largely the tariffs and the inflation right now, which has been caused by the West Asia crisis. So 
those are the factors which are causing the discretionary spend to be deferred. 
 
If you really see it from our perspective, we maintain our share of business with our customers. 
year-on-year in absolute terms, actually, the aftermarket business has remained flat for us. It's 
not really degrown. It's just that the OEM business has actually grown faster, and hence, we are 
seeing aftermarket as a lower percentage of the total revenue. 
 
We do see this to normalize as the demand starts to come back. The tariffs have reduced. So 
that's one aspect that should bring in some relief. And I think over the next 12 months, we do 
expect this to normalize. 
 
Also, I think, Anubhav, at this point in time, I'd like to say one thing, right? Yes, what we are 
saying is in the last 2 years, aftermarket as a percentage of our revenue went from 20% in FY25 
to 15% in FY26, and we are seeing it at 12%. Like I said, quarter 1 to quarter 1, the absolute 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
number remains the same. The reason the percentage is different is because the OEMs have 
grown. 
 
But remember, the aftermarket gave us an anchor when the OEM business was going down in 
FY25. And I think in FY26 and FY27, that is now, as the OEM business is growing, any softness 
in the aftermarket is being taken care of. So this also demonstrates the derisking of our business, 
which is actually built to perform over cycles and not at any given one point in cycle. 
Anubhav Mukherjee: 
And is there a scope to add new retail channel or distributors in U.S. or Europe for the 3PL 
aftermarket? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Absolutely, Anubhav, and that's been the effort. So back in FY25, we consolidated our position. 
We added the second largest aftermarket player, became very meaningful with them. And those 
efforts continue in various ways, both in Europe and the U.S. And as and when more of them 
classify, we will come out in these calls and give you more color on it. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Ashish Pareek from an Individual Investor. 
Ashish Pareek 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. I have seen the company from those cyclical 
downturns, and so it's a good comeback. So congratulations to the team on that. Ma'am, we are 
in precision equipment business, and there are a lot of opportunities in aerospace, defense and 
other areas, automotive, where precision components are required from India because there is a 
disruption from China. 
 
So there is China Plus strategy going on. Indian companies are cashing in on it. And the precision 
equipment companies are making forays into aerospace, defense and other sectors where 
precision equipment are required. So are we looking into any acquisition to cash in on that? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So Ashish, we are an off-highway market supplier with certain competencies on processes and 
products that we have. And I think today, we have the world's best customers as the top 
customers. In the ag space, the top 5 global agricultural customers are our customers. In the 
construction space, the top 3 customer, OEM manufacturers are our customers. 
 
So I'd like to give you a structured view into our TAM and where our growth is going to come 
from, right? So if you look at in the below 70 HP three-point linkage, we have a dominant share 
of business globally, right? And we continue to win new business in this segment. In the above 
70 HP three-point linkage, where like we've just discussed on the call, we are at a single-digit 
market share. 
 
This is our biggest growth runway. We have been winning new business in this segment. We've 
won it last year. We won it with a major OEM in Europe in last year. We are growing that, and 
we are executing well in that, right? 
 
Coming to the precision machined parts that you talk about, let's take the top 3 construction 
equipment manufacturers where currently for what we supply, we have a strong share of the 
product. But if you look at their top line, their spend purchases and even their spend purchases 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
on the products that we supply, we still have the  fraction of  total relevant sourcing spend, which 
actually tells you that there is a lot of room for us to grow in that. 
 
And then we add the portfolio that we want to acquire via acquisitions, which is in hydraulics, 
which is in PTOs, which is in large fab. And this portfolio view will explain that our growth 
ambitions are based on wallet expansion with our current customers, which is a fairly large 
market already. 
 
Now our construction customers are helping grow the AI and the smart manufacturing sector. 
So we are already associated with that sector. We are also in mining, we are already associated 
with them through that, right? So I think our sectoral diversification is coming from that. If we 
make an acquisition, which along with serving our existing customers will allow us to get into 
other industries, we will obviously look at it. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Congratulations Tanushree and the team. Just Tanushree, you said that you expect to do about 
20% EBITDA margin through the cycle. So my question was where do you think you are in the 
cycle? And could there be noncyclical growth as well given that your product set has increased 
and your geographies are also growing. So just wanted to get a sense of that? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Rajesh, thank you for your wishes and thank you for being a supporter of Uniparts. I think we 
talk about cycles and each of the industry segments is at different ends of the cycle, right? 
Construction is already recovering. It's growing actually. So the construction recovery started 
last year. We've seen that flow through in our numbers. We are seeing that flow through in the 
Q1 numbers also. And I think this growth is going to continue into FY27 and FY28. 
 
If you look at small ag after this, we've seen the recovery beginning, but I think it's just the start 
of the recovery. And this segment really, if you can say, is into recovery will really happen down 
a few quarters, right? 
 
Calendar year '27 is when that's more likely. I think large ag, really '26 is the trough. And the 
numbers speak for themselves, right? So in '25, the large ag industry degrew by about 30%. And 
in calendar year '26, it's expected to degrow by about 15%, 16%. So this is the trough and then 
the recovery will begin. 
 
And in this particular segment, not only will the recovery begin, but our new business wins are 
coming through. So I think that's going to add a lot of excitement and joy for us there. I think 
that's where we look at the 3 segments. From a geography standpoint, of course, different 
geographies are at different points of recovery as well. I think, the U.S. ag market is obviously 
is the most hit, then comes Europe. India on the ag side is doing actually very, very well. And 
Japan is stable. The rest of Asia is stable. 
 
What really will flow through for us in determining how industries and geographies play out is 
where our new business sits, right, new business wins. And to that extent, our new business wins 
are equally spread across Europe and U.S. Of course, we've got new business in India, but a 
majority of our new business is split between Europe and U.S. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
 
Our new business wins are also split almost equally between ag and construction industry, right? 
Now in that, our focus is really on large ag and construction because the runways over there are 
much higher than in the small ag space. 
 
From a product portfolio standpoint, of course, 3PL, PMP and now we are also focusing on the 
fabrication product portfolio. So again, that's where we are putting in the effort. So that should 
give you a little bit of a structural approach to how we see this moving forward. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Ajit Sethi from Eiko Quantum Solutions. 
Ajit Sethi: 
Ma'am, can you provide the channel mix contribution to revenue in Q1 FY26 and similarly for 
Q1 FY27 and similarly for Q1 FY26? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
In Q1 FY27, our warehousing sales was roughly at about 56%. And in Q1 FY26, I think it was 
roughly about 50% to 52%. That's where it was. I think our locally made locally sold was at 
about roughly 25% Q1 of FY26 and which is roughly at about 22% in this quarter and the balance 
is your direct export. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang Securities Private 
Limited. 
Sunil Jain: 
Yes. My question was related to warehouse, partly answered. So right now, you are commencing 
the operation of the Mexican warehouse. So that is likely to increase the share of warehouse 
sales - from Q3 onwards. Am I correct? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So Sunil ji, if everything else remains constant, the percentage of warehouse sales will increase. 
But as the industry is recovering, as order books are growing, there will be an increase in the 
direct exports and locally made, locally sold as well. So the exact stacking up will depend on 
how each of these channel mixes are growing depending on industry and customer demand. But 
I think we do believe that the warehousing sales will be in the range of the 52% to 56%. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question for the day. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you. 
Gurdeep Soni: 
Thanks a lot. I just want to mention that the Q1 FY27 is an encouraging start to the year. And 
more importantly, it is a start that was earned. The same discipline and customer focus that 
carried us through the challenges of FY26 is now translating into growth. And that gives us 
confidence that we will improve on our earlier guidance for the full fiscal as we look at the 
quarters ahead. 
 
We are building from a position of strength, a strong balance sheet, robust new business 
momentum and deepening customer partnerships and a team that has demonstrated it can deliver 
in difficult conditions. 
 
The opportunities in front of us across segments, geographies and through potential acquisitions 
are real, and we are pursuing them with intent. The numbers speak for themselves. But behind 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
every number is a team that showed up, a customer whose trust we retained and a commitment 
we kept. And that is what we will continue to build on. 
 
Thank you once again for giving us this opportunity to speak to you about our business. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Uniparts India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
