 
 
 
No. 2019/IRCTC/CS/STEX/356  
 
 
 
          August 19, 2026 
  
BSE Limited 
(Through BSE Listing Centre) 
1st Floor, New Trade Wing, Rotunda 
Building Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 542830 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(Through NEAPS) 
“Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block-G, 
 Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Symbol: IRCTC 
 
Sub: Outcome 
of 
investors/analysts 
meet 
– 
Transcript 
of 
“Earning 
Conference Call on Q1FY27 Results” held on Thursday, August 13, 2026. 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing  
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations 2015 
  
Sir/Ma’am, 
  
In reference to our communication dated August 06, 2026, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of “Earning Conference Call on Q1FY27 Results” held on 
Thursday, August 13, 2026. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
   
Thanking you. 
  
Yours sincerely, 
 
For and on behalf of Indian Railway Catering  
and Tourism Corporation Limited 
  
 
 
  
(Suman Kalra) 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
suman 
kalra
Digitally signed by suman kalra 
DN: c=IN, o=Indian Railway Catering and 
Tourism Corporation Ltd, ou=Company 
Secretory, 
2.5.4.20=97d540451782e28473735b6f72
9b19b358c83ac8f8cc2024f33c3f49078d3
e9d, postalCode=110001, st=DELHI, 
serialNumber=4deeb12f23f611e01f72fae
bd9647ad036cef3343d11ad1af4409df02
068217c, cn=suman kalra 
Date: 2026.08.19 13:43:12 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
“Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call” 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAHUL HIMALIAN – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR TOURISM AND MARKETING – INDIAN 
RAILWAY CATERING AND TOURISM CORPORATION 
LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJNEESH NARAIN – DIRECTOR FINANCE – CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – INDIAN RAILWAY CATERING 
AND TOURISM CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
MR. MANOJ KUMAR SHARMA – DIRECTOR CATERING 
SERVICES – INDIAN RAILWAY CATERING AND 
TOURISM CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAHUL JAIN – DOLAT CAPITAL MARKETS 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: 
 Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the IRCTC Limited Q1 FY27 earnings call 
hosted by Dolat Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance duing the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Thank you, and over to 
you, Mr. Rahul. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thank you, Nitesh. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital, we welcome you all 
to the Q1 FY 2027 earnings conference call of IRCTC Limited. I take this opportunity to 
welcome the management of IRCTC, represented by Mr. Rahul Himalian-ji, who is CMD and 
Director Tourism and Marketing; Mr. Rajneesh Narain, who is Director Finance and CFO, and 
also we have today with us Mr. Manoj Kumar Sharma, who is Director Catering Services of the 
company. 
Now, I would like to hand the conference over to IRCTC management to take the proceedings 
forward. Over to you, Mr. CMD. 
Rahul Himalian: 
Namaskar. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I am Rahul Himalian, Director Tourism and 
Marketing and Chairman and Managing Director looking after. It is my pleasure to welcome 
you to IRCTC's earning call for the first quarter of this financial year 2026-2027. The financial 
results for the quarter were announced yesterday and have been duly filed with the stock 
exchanges. 
I would like to begin by sharing a brief overview of our performance, following which our 
Director Finance and CFO, Mr. Rajneesh Narain, will take you through the detailed financial 
and segment-wise performance. 
Quarter 1 of financial year 2026-2027 has been a quarter of resilient performance for IRCTC, 
reflecting the strength of our diversified business model and the continued momentum across 
our core business segments 
 During the quarter, profit after tax stood at INR330 crores, supported by healthy performance 
across our Catering, Tourism, and Internet Ticketing segments. This performance was further 
supported by improved operational efficiencies and disciplined cost management. EBITDA 
stood at INR386 crores, registering a year-on-year decline of 2.77%. 
Despite this moderation, the company continued to maintain a strong operating performance 
during the quarter. Our revenue from operations increased to INR1,370 crores from INR1,160 
crores in the corresponding quarter of the previous year, representing a robust year-on-year 
growth of 18.10%. The growth was primarily driven by strong contributions from the Catering 
and Tourism segments. 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Our performance continues to be supported by a strong brand, extensive customer reach, 
diversified business portfolio, and growing digital capabilities. We remain focused on 
enhancing operational efficiency while continuously improving the customer experience. 
Looking ahead, we remain committed to strengthening our existing business and developing 
new age offerings. We will continue to leverage technology, enhance operational capabilities, 
and explore emerging opportunities across tourism, hospitality, and value-added services. We 
remain confident that our strong financial position, resilient business model, and focus on 
operational excellence will enable us to sustain our growth momentum and create long-term and 
enduring value for all our stakeholders. 
And before I end, I would like to say that IRCTC is a customer-centric organization for that 
matter. For the external customer it stands for I Really Care Towards the Customer, IRCTC, 
and for the internal customer, our workforce, only when they are highly inspired and motivated. 
So for them, IRCTC stands for I Really Care To Contribute. So with this, the entire circle gets 
completed, and customer is god for us. 
With this brief overview, I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Rajneesh Narain, Director 
of Finance & CFO, who will take you through the detailed financial and segmental performance. 
Thank you, and I wish all of you a very productive discussion. 
Rajneesh Narain 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of the management of IRCTC, 
I extend a warm welcome to all of you to this earnings call to discuss our financial and 
operational performance for the Q1 2027. 
I am pleased to share that the company has delivered increased revenue during the quarter, 
reflecting our diversified business model and disciplined execution. Profit after tax stood 
sustainably at INR330 crores as compared by year-on-year for the mentioned period. 
Total revenue for the quarter reached INR1,370 crores, representing an 18.1% increase over the 
corresponding period last year. EBITDA stood at INR386 crores with a healthy EBITDA 
margin of 28.17%, although there is a slight decline in the margins due to changes in revenue 
mix, particularly higher contribution from catering and implication of additional HR cost of 
around INR20 crores and increase of direct cost in ticketing segment, our overall profitability 
remained strong and sustainable. 
Let me now briefly highlight the segment-wise performance. Internet Ticketing revenue stood 
at INR361 crores, up by about 0.5%, and nearly 89% of the reserved railway tickets in India are 
now booked through our online platform, underscoring our leadership in digital tech stack. This 
segment delivered an impressive EBITDA in excess of 80%, reflecting strong operating 
leverage and cost efficiency. 
Next, Catering recorded revenue of INR732 crores, achieving a robust growth of 33.82% year-
on-year. Margins were impacted due to higher sales in train catering operations and pilot 
initiatives such as branded catering projects, along with our continued focus on enhancing 
customer value and passenger satisfaction. 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Despite this, the segment remains a steady and scalable growth driver, supported by rising 
passenger volumes and ongoing service improvements. The related sector, Rail Neer, generated 
revenue of INR109 crores, registering a 2.83% year-on-year growth with a margin of about 
10%. 
Tourism delivered positive performance with revenue of INR168 crores, marking an increase 
in revenue with 13.5% year-on-year. Despite temporary geopolitical disruptions, EBITDA 
margins improved to 11.31% from 8.78%, reflecting a better product mix and focused cost 
realization initiatives. 
Our overall first quarter results demonstrate the resilience of our business, disciplined cost 
management, a strong digital backbone, and unwavering focus on operational excellence. We 
remain confident in our growth momentum and are well-positioned to create sustainable long-
term value for our stakeholders. 
With this, I conclude my remarks. We will now open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now being the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Kanishk Gupta from SS Family House. Please go ahead. 
Kanishk Gupta: 
Hello, sir. A very good afternoon. 
Management: 
Good afternoon 
Kanishk Gupta: 
My first question would be regarding the resignation Sanjayji made. Although, there were no 
reason specified there in the letter that he shared, so can you please tell the reason of his 
resignation and assure the shareholders and stakeholders that there are no material discrepancies 
within the company? 
Management: 
Do you want me to answer this or you'll ask the remaining questions? 
Kanishk Gupta: 
No, sir, you can answer this definitely. 
Management: 
Yes. See, first of all, the performance, the leadership of Sanjay sir was phenomenal, in Railways 
as well as in IRCTC. This was a completely personal decision, and IRCTC will continue to 
grow stronger day by day. And even emulating his leadership skills will be a matter of pride for 
us in personal and professional, you have work-life balance. Certain situations come across. We 
respect that the thing, but IRCTC as an organization will continue to grow stronger, with even 
Sanjay Jain sir supporting from the outside in whatever capacity he can. So that we can assure 
you. 
Kanishk Gupta: 
Okay, sir. And my second question would be on Rail Neer. So I would like to ask that during 
the channel checks conducted, we have seen meaningful availability of third-party bottle water 
brands across non-AC train categories and several station kiosks. So, could you help us 
understand whether this reflects supply constraints, distribution gaps, or any kind of compliance 
issues? And additionally, how should the investors think about the incremental revenue potential 
if Rail Neer were able to materially improve its share in these channels? 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Management: 
See, Rail Neer at present is comfortably, and it has got a USP that it is priced at INR14 as 
compared to other PDW in the market. But now we are talking about the capacity, the capacity 
of Rail Neer, the installed capacity is around 17.77, it has reduced from 18.4 because of closure 
of one plant. 
The requirement – the supply is around 15.5 lakh bottles per day. The requirement is much 
higher, that is why we have a few stations which are around 30 plus 25 plus, 25 lakhs bottles 
per day. But the issue remains that there are some mandatory stations around which Rail Neer 
bottles are compulsory. Now, this gap sometimes is unfortunately utilized by unauthorized 
vendors. It is a problem which is duly recognized by the railways, by IRCTC also, that these 
PDW should not come. 
But the immediate approach for IRCTC is one, the augmentation of the existing capacity for 
which Ambernath, we are going from 2 lakh bottles to 3 lakh. For Danapur, we are trying to 
increase from 1 lakh to 2 lakh bottles per day. Other than that, we are coming with upcoming 
four new plants, Prayagraj, Mysore, Ranchi, and Bhagalpur. 
In which, in Prayagraj and Mysore, the land has been allotted, in Ranchi the confirmation for 
the land allotment has just come yesterday. So, this is the conventional approach that we are 
trying to meet the gap by expansion of the existing plants and also by introduction of new plants. 
Now, seeing the entire ecosystem across the country of packaged drinking water and how we 
can leverage and utilize it is a question which will be decided by many policy decisions. But the 
fact remains that we are within the conventional system and within the existing framework, we 
are going for the new plants and production capacity of existing plants is being augmented. 
Thank you. 
Kanishk Gupta: 
And sir, I would also like to ask if you can give the timeline by which these new plants will 
become operational? 
Management: 
See right now the land has only been allotted. It might spill over to the next financial year with 
focus on Prayagraj, Mysore and Ranchi first. And there are upcoming plants also for which we 
cannot say. Like, we may have plants in Varanasi, Pune, and other places also. Depending upon 
the – we have a radius of around 250 kilometers to which a plant can comfortably serve. 
 
So, the timeline can easily extend to the financial year beyond '26, '27. And by this year we have 
augmentation of two plants will be should be finalized. If everything goes well by this financial 
year that is Ambernath from 2 lakh bottles to 3 lakh bottles and Danapur from 1 lakh to 2 lakh 
bottles. That should be finalized this year. 
Kanishk Gupta: 
And sir final question would be on the catering side. So could you share any kind of trends in 
the catering attachment rates over the last few years and to what extent do you believe that food 
quality perception are affecting demand? And what measurable steps are being taken to improve 
the passenger experience and drive higher catering consumption? And on the quantitative side, 
so can you also quantify the mix of people who opt out and opt in for food for FY '26 and Q1 
FY '27? 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Management: 
Yes. See, as far the catering is concerned, like you know that there are – there is various category 
of trains including – prepaid trains like Vande Bharat, Rajdhani, Shatabdi, Tejas, Duronto, 
Gatimaan Express. Then comes Mail Express trains which have got pantry car and TSV trains, 
Train Side Vending, which do not have a pantry car. 
But now like I said earlier also, the focus of IRCTC is customer-centric. In the given regime, 
we also have the option of e-catering, which has grown from around 1.25 lakh meals to more 
than 1.6 lakh meals per day. And we have also introduced the concept of e-pantry. E-pantry we 
are reaching around more than 50 plus trains, in which the passenger can order meals from the 
same train through his mobile or QR code in which the concept of overcharging will be obviated, 
which may reach around 100 trains. So in the same ecosystem, we are giving the passenger 
options of various things. 
Now this is regarding quality, this is still at policy formulation. We at IRCTC understand that 
the quality has to – so we are also thinking in a guided by ministry of bringing in branded 
players. How their willingness bringing them into the ecosystem, and by way of competition or 
by way of quality competition, we will try to – this exercise may take some time, but this is the 
need of the hour, the need of the customer, and we will go towards this. 
Kanishk Gupta: 
And sir, on the prepaid mix, what would be the percentage of people who opt in and opt out for 
food while booking their tickets via IRCTC? 
Management: 
See, opt out, like I said, it will be around 15% to 30%. And in the complaints also we have 
focusing upon, INR58 crores meals per annum, we have a complaint ratio of .0008%. Our aim 
is to reduce it, sometimes whenever the complaint is purely on some anomaly like maybe the 
staleness of the food or some the staff behavior then we take it upon us. 
But sometimes it is on taste preferences, perceptions and all. And many complaints are of 
suggestions, improvements noted, demand for water, demand for baby food and all. So out of 
around 300 to 500 complaints which are logged on a daily basis out of 18 lakh meals supplied 
on a daily basis, it comes to less than around .0008%. 
Opt out is around 25% to 30%. But this figure will be confirmed. This is an offhand figure I am 
giving for opt-out. But this again shows that we have given the facility. Earlier it was more of 
opt-in, the people have started opting out and saving the catering charges. 
Kanishk Gupta: 
Sir, if these necessary KPIs can be included in investor presentations for investors to look at 
better, that would be really helpful next quarter onwards. 
Management: 
Yes. Thank you very much. We take note of your suggestion. We will go for the implementation. 
Kanishk Gupta: 
Thank you very much, sir, and all the very best for the future. 
Management: 
Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Kashish Mehta from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Kashish Mehta: 
Hi, team. Hi, thank you for taking my question and thank you for the opportunity. I would like 
to start, I just read a very interesting article, I think today morning or just yesterday about, Tejas, 
the advertising rights for Tejas being given to Sprite. And it is going to be rebranded as Sprite 
Tejas, which is, quite new because as of yet, a lot of times we see posters or some banners on 
trains, but, just rebranding the whole train as a certain advertisement. 
And, just drawing those advertisement actions back to the, uh, margins which have improved 
sequentially for, uh, tourism. So, just wanted to get insights, is there some new leg that the 
company is now looking into and how, if these actions, propel forward, how is it looking for 
margins in the tourism sector? 
Management: 
See first good afternoon to you. IRCTC operates two private trains. These are the only corporate 
trains that are operated all over Indian Railways. One is The Lucknow Junction-NDLS Tejas 
Express. Other one is The Ahmedabad–Mumbai Tejas Express. 
Now, in this entire setup, we have comprehensive services of catering, security, housekeeping 
and ticket checking to be done by IRCTC staff only. So the experience is elevated in terms of, 
there are rail hostesses then there is a lot of Automation, GPS, CCTV on the train itself. 
And in this very thing we have a concept of NFR, Non-Fare Revenue. In which comes the vinyl 
wrapping of the coaches, either on individual basis or a whole train basis, transcripts or boards 
being attached in the coaches inside, in which parties can come up. And we have a policy for 
this, and naming of the train. Like you can have LIC Tejas Express, you have a Sprite Tejas 
Express. Now there are amounts fixed. So in this way, the profitability and viability of the trains 
can come up. 
Other than the fair revenue and the catering charges and all, catering license fee. So this is one 
of the ways. This had come up in the beginning when the trains came up, it became a little slow, 
now with our regional offices and zonal offices picking up, this concept of NFR will be 
promoted further. So, this is just one step. It was always there like a dormant volcano. So now 
it has come up for the first time and let me inform you the naming of the train of Tejas Express 
is being done for the very first time. Thank you. 
Kashish Mehta: 
Sure, sir, just okay, okay, excellent, thank you. That is quite helpful. Sir, coming on to the 
catering vertical, so you did touch up, broadly upon what is propelling the vertical. But to again 
confine it to a quarter-on-quarter movement, it has been really wonderful, and something like 
which is off-beat from the past trends where Q1 for catering is usually a bit softer, but this time 
it has really, come up in the revenue numbers. So, could you just break it down, what specifically 
has helped these numbers for the quarter per se? 
Management: 
Yes. I would answer your question, just one sec. See, first of all, I would like to say, before you 
understand, I go into the VV section of catering, if you understand that out of INR1,160 crores 
done in quarter one of financial year '26, we reached INR1,370 crores in quarter one of financial 
year '27, okay? So, of which, catering was INR732 crores, Rail Neer INR109 crores, Tourism 
INR168 crores and IT INR361 crores. 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Catering itself was around 54% and the delta between quarter one '27 and quarter one '26 was 
INR732 crores minus INR547 crores that is around INR185 crores from catering itself while 
the delta in Rail Neer was only three, Tourism 20 and IT two. Okay. 
 
So now catering at INR185 crores delta, out of which onboard sales from prepaid trains rose 
from INR301 crores to INR413 crores. Number two, license fee of these prepaid mobile trains 
plus other trains rose from INR192 crores to INR224 crores. That is, there was a rise of around 
INR105 crores from these two combined together. 
Then license fee from static units rose from INR20 crores to INR33 crores, and license fee for 
e-catering rose from INR9 crores to INR22 crores. E-catering is another growing segment which 
has grown to around INR1.05 lakh meals from '25 to '26 to INR1.69 lakh meals in financial '26-
'27. And e-catering revenue has grown by INR6 crores from INR16 crores to INR22 crores. 
Then the election specials grew from INR5 crores to INR41 crores. So combining this onboard 
sales at INR413 crores, license fee for mobile trains at INR224 crores, license fee from static 
units INR33 crores, license fee e-catering INR22 crores, election specials at INR41 crores, and 
other income INR15 crores, total came out to be INR747 crores. So that was a breakup of your 
catering. Thank you. 
Kashish Mehta: 
Right. Right. That is wonderful. Thank you. And so the last question is again a bit on the 
regulatory front, regarding the payment aggregator license. So what is, the progress, what is the 
status and how are we looking to monetize it, in terms of integration, what are the plans that the 
company is actively working on right now? 
Management: 
See, in this, the iPay, IRCTC Payments Limited. First of all, we started off with the in-principle 
approval being given by RBI last year. And they had given us a time limit for submitting the 
final application on 4th August 2026. We have submitted the final application number one. 
Number two, the final application required a submission of SAR and MVP, that is System Audit 
Report and Minimum Viable Product feasibility. That we have submitted. It should take this 
financial year for RBI to respond. At the same time, they wanted a TSP to be finalized, where 
there is a technological service provider, which we have already engaged. 
 
Once the iPay is in position, because right now out of 15 million tickets which are booked on a 
daily basis, around 90% are booked online by IRCTC, which comprise around 53% to 54% by 
RailConnect mobile app and around 17% by IRCTC website. The remaining 32% is G2G for 
various BSF, NSG, CRPF, CISF, and paramilitary forces, including army. Around 28% with 
business associates. 
Now, in this entire setup, iPay does around 2.7 lakh transactions as of now because it cannot 
monopolize the entire system since it has not got the RBI license. But once we have the RBI 
license, we may express our expanse across IRCTC, number one. Number two, we can go to 
railways for various passenger and freight-related services like terminal management system 
and FOIS and all. Number one. 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
 
Number two -- number three, we can go to the railways as far as GeM is concerned, as far as 
pension scheme is concerned. Then number three, we can go to the private market. All these 
things have to go step by step on a ladder. If touchwood, if everything remains good, we go with 
the RBI license, then we can expand like any other payment aggregator, like Razorpay or 
PhonePe and all. Thank you. 
Kashish Mehta: 
Right, right. That is all. I will just join the queue back again for follow-up questions later on. 
Thank you. 
Management: 
Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Navin from ithoughtPMS. Please go ahead. 
Navin: 
Yes. Thank you for taking my question. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just wanted 
to understand a couple of things. So one thing is regarding the non-convenience fee. It would 
be great if you could provide the breakup between non-convenience and convenience first, and 
then also talk about some of the initiatives that are working, that are not working with respect 
to driving this non-convenience fee revenue. For example, the RailOne initiative and some of 
the other cross-sells that we are trying to do, including iPay. If you could just throw some light 
on that. You could answer the question first, and then I will ask my next question.  
Management: 
Yes. Thank you very much. As far as internet ticketing is concerned, in convenience fee, I will 
start with, we had INR236 to INR248 revenue increase. But in non-convenience fee, where we 
went from INR123 to INR113. Now non-convenience fee comes from two things. One is the 
spinoffs, which are attached with your ticketing business, which are moving around the 
periphery, whether it is marketing or ad revenue or agent business or iPay commission or 
payment gateway business or e-wallet loyalty program. 
 
There has been a marginal. One thing you will have to appreciate, that like I said earlier also, 
that our complete focus is on customer centricity. So you must have seen an announcement and 
unveiling of the beta version of the UI/UX transformed IRCTC website, for which we are trying 
to launch the full version of it very soon. 
So that somewhat impacted because we are, for the time being, removing the marketing and ad 
revenue from the website. But in a non-invasive way, we will reintroduce it. First of all, is to 
win the confidence of the customers. The agent business also, we have seen that at times of 8:00 
AM, 10:00 AM, and 11:00 AM, we have lots of unauthorized, non-genuine, spurious, you can 
say, users who are trying to clog the site. 
For this, we have built a regimen other than employing Akamai, who does the bot mitigation 
and CDN delivery, content delivery network, by offloading the static content, and other agencies 
who try to ensure that these scurries do not come in. We have built a regimen in which the time 
limit has increased from 15 minutes of non-usage of this website by the agents to now 30 
minutes. This has impacted one way. 
Third is about RailOne. You have been speaking about RailOne. Now, the platform of RailOne 
ends on IRCTC and gate only. They have got comprehensive services of unreserved ticketing, 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
reserved ticketing, platform ticketing. Later on, they will get freight also, parcel also. Now, it 
ends on this. There has been some diversion to RailOne, which I said, for us, the prime most is 
the customer. If he gets an opportunity through RailOne, IRCTC, RailConnect, or the website, 
for us, it is one and the same thing because it comes to IRCTC, the convenience fee remains 
unchanged. But at the same time, it gives us rigor and vigor to focus and improve our website 
also. Thank you. 
Navin: 
Sir, just a small follow-up on your answer. So I am seeing that compared to our historical 
margins, we are around the mid-80s. We are around the 80 range, below 80 range? Would 
reinvestments into the business or the segment be one of the reasons why we are seeing a margin 
dip? 
Management: 
Could you please explain your question again? 
Navin: 
No. From the historical EBIT margins level for the internet ticketing segment of around 85% or 
84%, we are seeing a margin decline over the last two quarters, even the current quarter being 
80%. I understand we had some one-offs in the previous quarter, but is my understanding right 
in the sense that we are investing back into the business and trying to make our app better, 
website better? Is that why the margins have taken a hit, or is my understanding wrong? 
Management: 
Yes. There is something more to it, which I will share you, that after 2014 and in 2018 and 2019, 
we tried to infuse something. There are two things we are trying to introduce. One is the NGET 
Infra Refresh. NGET is Next Generation e-Ticketing, which is the platform for the IRCTC. We 
are trying to upgrade its hardware by the storage, the servers, and the networking, plus the 
software. So we will increase. Like you have seen, we have reached around 37,000 tickets per 
minute. This may increase to more than 1 lakh and all. This has been done with PRF 
modernization. The figures I am not very aware, but around INR150 crores has been infused 
into it, number one. 
 
Secondly, this quarter, INR10 crores were booked for maintenance charges for this, and very 
soon, which will impact the second, third, or fourth quarter of the financial year, will be the 
disaster recovery. We are trying to go for an active-active disaster recovery, because sometimes 
if the website is down, then the passengers will have to face, and we are very much behind that 
1 minute or 2 minute. This become the golden hour for us. If we will have a disaster recovery, 
most probably coming up at Secunderabad. Then again, because we will have to invest. 
So that investment is setting up across our earnings. So that is impacting and bringing it. 
Normally, it remains between 80% to 85%, so it is, like you have seen, it is around 80% this 
time. These are some of the reasons which I would like to share with you. Thank you. 
Navin: 
So one more question before I jump back into the queue sir. So with respect to the catering 
segment, could you just clarify on our business model for the Vande Bharat and those kind of 
trains? Is it 100% like onboard catering done by our staff or is there a potential for us to give 
contracts out for that as well? 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Just trying to understand incrementally we are adding many more premium trains like the Vande 
Bharat. So want to understand if most of the business will be on our P&L or if we will give 
contracts out. Thank you, sir. 
Management: 
Yes. IRCTC model is largely based on licensing. So in Vande Bharat also we have got 
empanelled service providers, for which we float a limited tender and then we give it out as far 
as the catering is concerned. In future the -- you must have seen the shift is from the chair car 
Vande Bharat is going towards Vande Bharat Sleeper. 
So this in one way will help our revenue in ticketing also and catering also the lead will increase, 
and the capacity will also increase. In Vande Bharat also chair car, there is a trend of 
augmentation, the number of coaches are increasing. But all the services, catering services right 
now in 81 Vande Bharats are being done by IRCTC. 
Navin: 
Got it, sir. Thank you, I'll jump back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Jinesh Joshi from PL Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I have a question on our margins in catering division, which 
were at about 9%. I think in the opening commentary you mentioned that there were some transit 
catering projects which led to deterioration in margins. So if you can clarify a bit on this aspect. 
And I think there was another reason that was highlighted, so I missed that. So also if you can 
just maybe touch upon that.  
And secondly, also from a future perspective given the fact that share of prepaid trains is rising, 
and if my understanding is correctly we do not get the ITC benefit on the prepaid trains which 
essentially means that our margins tend to be slightly lower. So how to think of the steady-state 
trajectory over here? 
Management: 
See IRCTC is a Navratna PSC of Indian Railways. So we have to align with the socio-economic 
fabric of the country also. So as far as the GST part you said you said rightly. If we take the 
Vande Bharat GST plus license fee for this quarter, we are earning INR105. But if you take 
GST 5% for which we cannot claim input tax credit, like the Vande Bharat charges it is INR222. 
We give to the licensee INR222 for arranging food and all. Out of which GST is 5% which we 
have to pay, that is around INR11. So we lose there INR18, but as a combined project of license 
fee from that plus the GST, we earn around INR105. 
So the Vande Bharat trains have to be proliferated, this aspect we will address. But at the same 
time we cannot stop providing service and all. This is a small retrograde step in the GST thing 
but overall it increases. And rest the remaining part of the question can you please repeat. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Reason why the margins were lower. You mentioned some transit catering projects were there 
and also some other reason. 
Management: 
Last year in quarter one financial year 2025-2026, quarter one we did not, you must have heard 
about proof of concept. So, we introduced the proof of concept in few trains, right now five 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
trains were there. In which -- six trains were there but the issue is that in that proof of concept 
we increased the amount to be given to the licensees at the cost of IRCTC focusing on the 
customer and taking it as an experiment. 
So in this quarter, the impact of that proof of concept on six trains around about maybe around 
more than INR4 crores, was impacted, plus there are two more impacts on the catering margins 
because we have seen the margin has come to 9.29% while it was around 10.42% for the 
financial year 25-26. 
One was the gratuity has increased from INR20 lakhs to INR25 lakhs, and the HR cost of INR10 
crores has been booked in this segment because catering takes care of around 54% of the entire 
revenue. This INR10 crores includes the gratuity impact plus the post retirement benefits to the 
employees. This thing will not be repeated for the next quarter, because it has already been taken 
care of in this quarter. So the next quarters can be immune or safe from this aspect. 
So this is one, and proof of concept will slowly die down. There are two trains I think they will 
finish by September and the remaining two trains will finish by November. So that way it will 
help and the catering margin traditionally have been between 10% to 12%. So we will try to 
maintain that. 
Plus considering the fact that there will be increase in number of passengers, there will be 
increase in number of trains, the 20 trains will be included, and there is 8% growth in passengers 
also year-on-year from the railways figure. Thank you. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure sir. And just one follow-up on this part, especially with respect to that INR10 crores of HR 
cost that you spoke about in the catering division. If I look at our overall company-wide 
employee expenses, well it is up by about 37% to about INR104 crores in this quarter. And I 
think in the opening commentary also you mentioned some incremental HR cost of about INR20 
crores odd. So if you can maybe just sum up, what was the total incremental hit that has come 
for all the reasons that you highlighted, and how to think about this cost going ahead on a steady-
state basis? 
Management: 
See, like I said that this was a one-time exercise as far as the HR cost was concerned. The HR 
cost impact has been of around INR20 crores which includes the gratuity increase from INR20 
lakhs to INR25 lakhs and some post retirement benefits that we have adjusted for. So that has 
increased out of this INR20 crores, for this quarter, out of the INR10 crores, because 54% is the 
revenue for catering, so INR10 crores we have accommodated for catering. That has led a little 
setback on the margin for on the catering profit. 
And for POC, as I said that the impact of INR4 crores will die down because there are four 
trains in quarter two, and two trains left in quarter three. Quarter four there will be nil trains. 
So, right now we'll go for temporary or we are thinking of a concept which is very nascent stage 
to comment upon, is the engagement of branded players to improve catering, the importance of 
capable, automated, hygienic kitchens to be induced into this entire catering ecosystem. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure sir. One last question from my side. I think our election special revenue in this quarter was 
at about INR41 crores, if I heard you right. Just wanted to know on this bit that our margins in 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
our election special trains, I mean are they akin to our margins that we earn in the prepaid train 
or is it higher or lower and how to think about that? And was that also one of the reason why 
our margins got impacted just in case if they are lower, trying to think from that perspective?  
Management: 
In election special, it all depends on the elections like this time it was West Bengal and Tamil 
Nadu and Puducherry. 
Jignesh Joshi: 
Understood. Kerala. 
Management: 
Kerala. So basically, in election special, we get revenue from 2 sources. That is the FTR business 
and the catering business. So the catering business, it varies from 11% to 13%, 14% and FTR 
at a fixed 5% convenience fee. The revenues -- the ticketing revenue goes to railways and 5% 
service charges, you can call it service charges by IRCs to facilitate this. So that way, election 
special, we all depend upon the elections happening in the country, but we come into to the 
extent of, you can say, around 10% to 12% for the catering component. 
Jignesh Joshi: 
Understood. Thank you so much. 
Management: 
Thank you, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Balaji Subramaniam from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Balaji Subramaniam: 
Thanks for taking my question. Most of them have been answered. Just a quick housekeeping 
question. Can you just share the number of tickets that were booked on your portal and app in 
this quarter? Thanks. 
Management: 
Good evening. See, as far as the daily average tickets were 14.58 lakhs. Total number of tickets 
booked in crores for the quarter financial 2027 were INR13.27 crores, with a break-up of 
INR6.92 crores from AC and 6.35 for non-AC. Our share in railway rose from 88.78% 
marginally to 88.92%. 
Balaji Subramaniam: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Madhuchanda Dey from MC Pro. Please go 
ahead. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Yes. The first one is just a repetition because I am not sure if I heard it correctly. Your 
convenience fee for the quarter was INR248 crores and non-convenience fee was INR113 
crores. Is that correct? 
Management: 
INR113 crores non-convenience fee and INR248 convenience fee. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
And was this lower non-convenience fee also a reason behind the lower margin in this quarter? 
Because you explained some IT systems exam etcetera as the reasons. But was this lower non-
convenience fee also one of the factors, and is this likely to continue? Or you expect this. 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Because one of the goals of the company had been to increase the non-convenience fee. If you 
could shed light on the same. 
Management: 
Yes. I will now speak only on the non-convenience fee part. As I said, that we also try to align 
ourselves with the socioeconomic fabric of the country. So in marketing, there was a dip of 
around INR3 crores, 14.51 to 11.03. Since we have seen that our website is getting transformed, 
the beta version was launched on 15th July. With a new UX/UI interface, the beta version has 
been launched, which doesn’t have any advertisements, no captcha, no pop-ups. 
The agent business, we have restricted them. Now they will try to push back and all. E-wallet 
loyalty program with four banks, I think HDFC Bank, RBL Bank, State Bank of India, and Bank 
of Baroda, has grown around INR3 crores. iPay has been hit a bit, but the iPay will spring back. 
Like I said, the plans are huge in this. And the payment gateway business. So now, these are all 
the spinoffs. 
We are trying to take advantage by utilizing our e-ticketing expertise, like we have done in Char 
Dham Heli Yatra. Then we have signed an agreement with UTLA, Union Territory of 
Lakshadweep Administration, with Andaman and with Majuro. So in areas where there is no 
element or component of railways, we are using our e-ticketing expertise to provide them e-
ticketing platforms. 
So it is a known fact that the conventional spinoff from the ticketing business, like marketing 
ad, agents, are losing, but we will spring back and try to compensate this or even get them back 
to normal. But there has been also an expense of around INR10 crores on the maintenance of 
the website and investment in that in this quarter? 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Okay. So I can say that it is a combination of investments and some one-off factors in the non-
convenience fee side that has led to the lower EBIT margin of around 80%, right? 
Management: 
Correct. It has gone to 80.33 from 84.12. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Right. So my second question is on the margin in the Rail Neer business. That has also fallen. 
So any particular one-off or what is the reason and what is the sustainable margin in that 
business? 
Management: 
See, basically, in Rail Neer, like I have already explained, you must have gone through the 
number of plants we have got in Rail Neer and the production capacity, 17.77 lakhs with closing 
of one plant, and we are supplying 15.4. This year, the margin has gone, if you compare quarter-
on-quarter, from 14% to 10%, is basically due to around 30% decrease in the resin component. 
The resin helps us in making preform, cap, shrink roll. 
 
Due to the increase of petroleum product due to West Asia crisis, the material cost increased 
from INR55 crores to INR61 crores. There was a dip of INR6 crores. You have seen that the 
margin has gone from 15 to 11. Some profit, like 106 to 109 plus some administrative cost, 
combining everything, the profit decreased only by delta of INR4 crores. Basically, there was 
the West Asia crisis, which caused this increase in the expenses and reduction in the margins. 
Thank you. 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Krunal from PhillipCapital India. Please go 
ahead. 
Krunal: 
Hello? 
Management: 
Yes, good afternoon. 
Krunal: 
What portion of the contribution is through OTA partners? Hello, am I audible? 
Management: 
Yes. Good afternoon, sir. See, normally in tourism, we have got around INR21 crores from a 
total of INR168 crores from various things including air ticketing, online hotel booking, online 
bus booking, plus events. You can say around 12%-13%, but this also includes various holiday 
customized educational packages. Purely if you see from online hotels and ticketing, it will be 
around 5%-7%. 
Krunal: 
Okay, okay. And specifically about internet ticketing? 
Management: 
In internet ticketing, we have, of the total revenue, internet ticketing we have around INR248 
crores coming from 1370. 
Rajneesh Narain: 
INR248 divided by 1370. 18%. 
Management: 
Internet ticketing, if we include convenience and non-convenience, it is 26%, and purely internet 
ticketing, excluding conveniences is around 18%. 
Krunal: 
Thank you. That is all. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Kartik Gada from Multiple Wealth. Please 
go ahead. 
Kartik Gada: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. So, just back on the convenience of INR113 crores odd. 
So, what is the expectation? What sort of run rate can we expect going ahead, say, in the next 
couple of years on a quarterly basis for the non-convenience fee part? It used to be around 
INR130 crores, INR140-odd crores. 
Management: 
Yes. See, like I said, in the non-convenience fee, there are certain things where we have to align 
with the social commitment fabric, and when we have decided to improve the customer 
experience to make it seamless and all. But at the same time, we are also thinking of a unified 
portal. Tourism and internet ticketing, where the interface comes, where they meet at crossroads 
in a unified portal that is where our customers will be either engaged, diverted to use our various 
tourism services. 
 
Because tourism is going to grow leaps and bounds. It has grown from INR745 crores to INR890 
crores, and next year it may cross INR1,000 plus crores. So for that unified portal, which will 
focus on five main things: there is a UX/UI experience, the scalability, the technology, the 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
financial, and the marketing, Because we need customer retention, engagement, and 
persuasiveness. 
 
So in that, our tourism will interface with the IT portion, and that will be one segment which 
will be a part of non-fare revenue, which will overcome all this slight dilution on other parts. 
Kartik Gada: 
No, I understand that you are trying to make up for the lost revenue through higher revenue in 
tourism segment. What I want to understand is, would this, say, INR110 crores, INR115 crores 
be the usual run rate from here on for non-convenience fee segment? 
Management: 
No, it will not be like that. Like I said, that iPay is also in the non-convenience fee as it is a 
payments limited, when it associates with that. So that we have got big growth plans. Then the 
e-wallet loyalty, which is also increasing at the rate of more than 200%, they have big growth 
plans. And agent business, we are tweaking, modifying our association with them. So we will 
try to come back to INR150 crores in this segment also. 
Kartik Gada: 
The second question is again, it’s a book-keeping question. So what would be the share of UPI 
tickets? 
Management: 
The share of UPI ticket right now is 51.22% versus 48.72% in quarter one of June 25 ending. 
Kartik Gada: 
Okay. All right. That is it from my end. Thank you so much. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Mr. Naveen from ithought PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Naveen: 
Hi, sir. Thanks a lot, sir. 
Moderator: 
Hello. 
Naveen: 
For taking my follow-up question. Am I audible? Hello. 
Moderator: 
You are audible. 
Naveen: 
Yes. Thanks a lot, sir. Just wanted some commentary on train additions. Just comment maybe 
on your visibility for upcoming train additions, especially in more lucrative areas in V catering 
and the higher convenience fee bracket trains, like the AC trains. And then how fast we can 
expect business ramp-up in these trains, any visibility that you would have or expectations that 
you would have would be great. 
Management: 
See, as far as this introduction of new trains, it is a decision by the ministry. But whenever there 
is a passenger growth, the trains, normally there may be around 20 Vande Bharat sleeper trains 
introduced in this financial year or the period of next one year. So, the license fee of this can be 
calibrated to around INR6 crores per train to INR120 crores. This is one factor where the number 
of trains will increase, the licensing, catering, the revenue, the top line will increase, number 
one. 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
 
Number two, there is an important aspect of this passenger growth also. There is a passenger 
growth of 8% also helps in increasing the catering charges. We have also got a press conference, 
media interaction at 5:00 P.M. So, if the organizers can help us in winding up fast. Thank you. 
Naveen: 
Yes. Thanks a lot, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have last question from the line of Rattan Joneja from CoValue. Please go ahead. 
Rattan Joneja: 
Thank you. So, I have only one question on internet ticketing. So, I have been reviewing for the 
last eight quarters, the revenue has just not grown. While the number of trains have grown, UPI 
discounts have grown, passenger growth is there. In fact, if I book a ticket for four people, 
because of the PNR, the charges are too low. The convenience fee for the last seven years has 
not increased in spite of inflation being there. So, what are we thinking about this? How should 
we think? 
Management: 
Good afternoon. See, like you said that an architect’s dream is a civil designer’s nightmare, 
okay. So, we can aspire a lot of things, but we have to gel with this. Our convenience fee has 
always grown. In this quarter also it has grown. With the number of passenger, it grows. But 
the UPI, like we said, that we are charging against 15 and 20, 10 and 20. This is one aspect 
where we will have to think and come about. We have gone for UPI, CC, and CL, where there 
is a credit card and a credit line in which the convenience fee is not 10 and 20, it is 15 and 30. 
In this one way, we are trying to circumvent that aspect. UPI is something which has grown. It 
has grown, that is why it is digging into your profits. 
This is one area we have to think about, and the convenience fee has always grown at a rate of 
around 5% to 7%. This year also it is around 4.89% quarter-on-quarter. 
Rattan Joneja: 
But sir? 
Management: 
Tell me. 
Rattan Joneja: 
Sir, but that is hardly the inflation rate. The passenger growth has been higher. The inflation is 
there, but there is no rise in internet ticketing revenue. 
Management: 
See, there is a margin of around 80% to 85% in internet ticketing and all. The convenience fee, 
sometimes it depends on the policy decision. We cannot force a way in increasing the 
convenience fee, but we can put our point across various quarters and all, increase this. That is 
an area of concern for us and all, that to enhance the convenience fee-based revenue. We’ll look 
into it. 
Rattan Joneja: 
Thank you so much, sir. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question. I now hand conference over to IRCTC management for 
closing comments. 
Management: 
Now, I would request Manoj Sharma ji give a vote of thanks, our Director Catering Services. 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Manoj Kumar Sharma: 
Greetings to everyone. I am Manoj Kumar Sharma, Director, Catering Services, IRCTC. I 
would like to thank all the investors and investor representatives for joining this earnings call 
for the first quarter of the 2026-2027 financial year. We are pleased to report a strong 
performance this quarter; our operating revenue grew by 18.10% year-on-year to INR137 crore, 
and our PAT stood at INR333 crore. 
I am deeply grateful to our investors for their continued trust and support. Furthermore, IRCTC 
extends its sincere gratitude to you all for your continuous cooperation and support, alongside 
the hard work and dedication of the entire IRCTC team. We assure you that we will deliver even 
better performance and continue to move forward; this is our commitment. Thank you very 
much. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Dolat Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect lines. Thank you. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
