 
 
 
ALLCARGO TERMINALS LIMITED 
4th Floor, A Wing, Allcargo House, CST Road, Kalina, Santacruz (E), Vidyanagari, Mumbai - 400 098, Maharashtra, India. 
T: +91 22 6679 8110 | www.allcargoterminals.com | CIN: L60300MH2019PLC320697 | E: investor.relations@allcargoterminals.com 
 
 
 
August 18, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Q1 FY 2026-27. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30(6) read with Schedule III and 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the 
transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Q1 FY 2026-27 held on Wednesday, August 12, 2026, at 11:00 
a.m. (IST). 
 
The transcript is annexed for your reference which can also be accessed on the Company’s website from the 
below link: 
 
ATL-Q1-FY27-Text-Transcript-For-Upload-002.pdf 
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Allcargo Terminals Limited 
 
 
 
 
Malav Talati 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A59947 
 
Place: Mumbai 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 543954/890228 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ATL/ATLPP 
allcargo 
TERMINALS 
Malav 
Mayank Talati
Digitally signed by 
Malav Mayank Talati 
Date: 2026.08.18 
15:07:54 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Allcargo Terminals Limited 
Q1 & FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 12, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SURESH KUMAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
ALLCARGO TERMINALS LIMITED 
 
MR. PRITAM VARTAK – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ALLCARGO TERMINALS LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJAY PUNJABI – INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
ALLCARGO TERMINALS LIMITED 
 
MR. PRANAV CHOUDHARY – DIRECTOR – GENERAL 
MANAGEMENT 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SUYANSH SAMANT – STELLAR IR ADVISORS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
allcargo 
TERMINALS 
allcargo 
TERMINALS 
~
TELLAR_ 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Allcargo Terminals Limited Q1 and FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant line will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Suyash Samant from Stellar IR Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you, Suyash. 
Suyash Samant: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We have with us today 
the senior management team of Allcargo Terminals Limited, Mr. Suresh Kumar, Managing 
Director; Mr. Pritam Vartak, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Sanjay Punjabi from the Investor 
Relations team, who will represent Allcargo Terminals Limited on the call. The management 
will be sharing the key operating and financial highlights for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, 
followed by a question-and-answer session. 
 
Please note, this call may contain some of the forward-looking statements, which are completely 
based upon the company's beliefs, opinions and expectations as of today. These statements are 
not a guarantee of the company's future performance and involve unforeseen risks and 
uncertainties. The company also undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking 
statements to reflect developments that occur after the statement is made. 
 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Suresh Kumar, sir. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Suresh Kumar: 
Good morning, everyone. A warm welcome to everyone on the Allcargo Terminals Limited Q1 
FY27 Earnings Call. The results press release and presentation were uploaded on the stock 
exchanges and the company's website. I hope everyone has had an opportunity to go through the 
same. 
 
Q1 unfolded against a backdrop of continued global uncertainty, including disruptions arising 
from the geopolitical developments and fluctuations in trade flows. Despite these challenges, 
India's trade and logistics ecosystem remain resilient, supported by steady economic activity, 
improving infrastructure and the country's growing importance in global supply chains. 
 
Against this backdrop, Allcargo Terminals delivered a stable operational performance in Q1. 
Our container volumes grew 7% year-on-year, demonstrating the resilience of our business 
model and the strength of our customer relationships. 
 
More importantly, we continue to improve profitability, which has been an ongoing trend for the 
last 8 - 9 quarters. As we move into the next phase of growth, our focus remains anchored around 
5 strategic priorities. Let me take you through them. First, expanding capacity to accelerate 
growth. 
 
Over last year, which is FY26, we increased our annual handling capacity by nearly 20% to 
approximately 1.03 million TEUs. This capacity expansion provides us the necessary headroom 
to capture future volume growth, organic growth on the back of India's story. 
allcargo 
TERMINALS 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
 
Second, scaling volumes while retaining margins has been a priority. Growth for us is not merely 
about increasing volumes. It is about growing profitably. We remain focused on disciplined 
pricing and commercial terms and effective resource utilization. The improvement in 
profitability during the quarter continues to reflect the effectiveness of this approach. 
 
Third, leveraging technology to elevate operations. You would recall that Allcargo Terminals 
was one of the early CFSs to adopt digital technology in both EXIM side of cargo clearance. 
The myCFS is a proprietary app that we have, which has been well accepted by our customers, 
both direct and indirect customers. 
 
During the quarter, we continued the rollout of our smart yard management system across 
locations with the pilot phase happening in our largest facility, which is in JNPT. This initiative 
is designed to improve asset utilization, enhance operational visibility, reduce turnaround times 
and ultimately deliver a superior customer experience while optimizing costs. 
 
The fourth pillar is widening our footprint to capture emerging opportunities. We are all aware 
that India's long-term logistics growth story remains compelling, driven by manufacturing 
expansion, infrastructure development and rising trade activity. 
 
We are positioning ourselves to benefit from these structural tailwinds. Construction of the 
Farukhnagar Private Freight Terminal remains on track for completion by May 2027. Work is 
in progress. While the tendering process for the Speedy JNPT expansion, where we got a renewal 
of the contract for 10 years, has been completed and the work will start post monsoons. 
 
This will add approximately 60,000 TEUs of annual handling capacity for us in Speedy JNPT, 
which is the closest facility to the port in Nhava Sheva. Alongside these projects, we continue 
to evaluate opportunities to expand our PFT and ICD footprint in strategically attractive 
locations. 
 
Last and the fifth pillar is to deepen relationships to grow market share. Our long-standing 
partnerships with customers, shipping lines and other stakeholders remain a significant 
competitive advantage. 
 
By consistently delivering reliable service and efficient turnaround times, we have continued to 
strengthen our positioning in the market, and we expand our share of wallet with key customers, 
also leveraging the overall integrated logistics solutions that the Allcargo Group offers. 
 
Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about the opportunities before us. While external 
uncertainties may continue in the near term, India's underlying trade fundamentals remain 
strong. With expanded capacity, ongoing technology investments and the disciplined approach 
to execution, we believe Allcargo Terminals is well positioned to deliver sustainable growth 
while creating long-term value for all stakeholders. 
 
Before handing over the call to Pritam, I would like to share a significant change, which is in 
transition at Allcargo Terminals. I'm very happy to share with you that we have a new Managing 
Director Designatie, which is Pranav Choudhary, who comes in from Adani Ports. That was his 
allcargo 
TERMINALS 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
last assignment. He was the Chief Executive. He will take over the reins from me as I 
superannuate and step down from my role of Managing Director by the end of this month. 
 
So Pranav will take charge from September 1st. We have requested him also to be part of this 
call. And I request you to continue giving him the support that you have extended to me and the 
management team now through Pranav from September 1st. 
 
Thank you, and I hand you over -- and a quick word from Pranav before I hand you over to 
Pritam. 
Pranav Choudhary: 
Good morning, everybody, on the call. This is Pranav Choudhary. I've just joined Allcargo a 
week back. Thank you for being on the call and look forward for our continued relationship and 
partnership in future. 
Suresh Kumar: 
Thank you. Thank you, Pranav. Over to you, Pritam. 
Pritam Vartak: 
Good morning. Good morning, everyone, and thank you, Suresh. Welcome to our Q1 FY27 
earnings call. I will take you through the highlights of financial results for the first quarter of the 
new financial year. The total volume handled for Q1 FY27 stood at 1,76,499 TEUs, reflecting a 
7.2% growth year-on-year. 
 
Revenue for the quarter stood at INR214 crores as compared to INR187 crores for Q1 FY26 and 
INR208 crores for Q4 FY26. EBITDA, excluding other income, for Q1 FY27 stood at INR47 
crores as compared to INR35 crores for Q1 FY26 and INR44 crores for Q4 FY26. This implies 
an EBITDA per TEU of INR 2,690 for Q1 FY27. * Refer Footnote 
 
The improvement in profitability came on the back of operational efficiencies supported by 
technology improvements and by higher share of transhipment containers volume plus upward 
rate revisions at various locations. Going forward, we expect EBITDA per TEU to remain 
around INR2,400 level. 
 
Net profit for Q1 FY27 was INR6 crores as compared to INR9 crores for both Q1 FY26 and Q4 
FY26. The PAT was impacted by tax on dividend from joint venture companies and also 
previous year's tax impact. Going forward, tax rate is expected to remain at 25% as we have 
moved to concessional tax regime from now onwards. 
 
With this, I would like to open the floor for the question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. Our first question comes from the line of Raj Doshi, an Individual Investor. 
Raj Doshi: 
I have 2 questions. So my first question is what are the capex plan for FY27 and FY28? 
Suresh Kumar: 
Thank you. Raj Doshi, line is not quite clear, but I hope we are audible to you. 
Raj Doshi: 
Yes, you are, sir. 
*Update: EBITDA per TEU for Q1 FY27 is INR 2,898. (The figure of INR 2,690 is erroneously mentioned) 
 
allcargo 
TERMINALS 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
 
Suresh Kumar: 
So your question was about capex for FY27. This is part of the FY27-28. This is part of the 3-
year plan in which we have identified key projects, and Pritam will share some of the highlights 
on the numbers with you. 
Pritam Vartak: 
So I will link this question to the 3 years plan, plan 2030, which we are currently on path. So for 
our plan 2030, basically, we had estimate of INR400 crores of capex requirements. And this 
includes various projects which we have planned from Farukhnagar to Chennai and Speedy 
expansion at JNPA and also Mundra expansion. 
 
Now some of these projects would -- has actually started and the capex expenditure would 
basically start incurring from this financial year. In Speedy JNPA, we are expected to incur 
around INR20 crores of capex in this financial year, plus substantial amount of capex for 
Farukhnagar would be incurred in this financial year and in the next financial year. 
 
So overall, there is a requirement of close to INR400 crores of capex. Various funds requirement 
-- various funding plans for this INR400 crores capex has also been in place. Recently, we have 
raised an equity of INR120 crores. Out of that, INR25 crores we have already called and close 
to INR90 crores is yet to be called. 
 
This will be utilized for financing this capex plan. We have existing accrual close to INR50 
crores that would be utilized for the capex funding. Existing business continue to generate INR70 
crores of cash flow on an annual basis, and that would also be used for funding this capex 
expansion plan. 
 
There could be a certain debt requirement in the range of INR100 crores to INR150 crores for 
which we have already tied up with various banks and that they could be raised at respective 
point of time. But to answer your question, we have planned for close to INR400 crores of capex 
expansion -- capex for this financial year. Close to INR100 crores of that capex we should incur 
in the current financial year, '26-27. 
Raj Doshi: 
Okay. And like how much would be from internal accrual and how much would be from debt? 
Or like do you have the bifurcation for that? Any plans for that? 
Pritam Vartak: 
Yes. So maximum funds would be raised from our existing balance, which we have maintained 
around INR50 crores. Future cash flow over a period of project execution period would be close 
to INR150 crores. So INR200 crores would come from my INR200 crores would come from the 
existing accruals. 
 
As I told you, close to INR90 crores would be used out of the equity, which we have already 
raised in the past. And the debt requirement would be in the range of INR100 crores to INR150 
crores. 
Raj Doshi: 
Okay. Great. And my next question is regarding the EBITDA per TEU. So once the ICD is fully 
operational, what are our target for that? 
Pritam Vartak: 
So if we are talking about Farukhnagar ICD, the -- so the EBITDA for Farukhnagar ICD would 
be significantly more because we will be also factoring or participating into rail revenue for 
allcargo 
TERMINALS 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
 
Farukhnagar business. So currently, we are looking to maintain our EBITDA per TEU in the 
range of INR2,400 and that we have been able to maintain successfully for the last few quarters. 
In our 3 years plan, we have targeted EBITDA per TEU of INR2,750. That's including 
Farukhnagar project. So we would be -- with Farukhnagar project going live, that is the target 
EBITDA per TEU we are looking to maintain. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Devraj, an Individual Investor. 
Devraj: 
Sir, I just want to know that do we get any business from our group companies, right, example, 
Allcargo Global, where they do LCL and FCL. 
Pritam Vartak: 
Yes. So for LCL business, yes, we use our CFS to handle the LCL containers for Allcargo 
Logistics. That business is there at JNPA, Mundra and Chennai, all the locations. We provide 
storage as well as handling services to Allcargo. It comprises close to 10% to 12% of my overall 
revenue and margins are on a similar level as we get it from our third-party customers. So yes, 
to answer your question, we do get business out of LCL business from Allcargo Group. 
Suresh Kumar: 
In addition, Mr. Devraj, also relevant to know that the Allcargo Group through its other listed 
entities offer products and solutions, which are adjacent to what Allcargo Terminals does. So 
while we present solutions to customers, there is the ocean side logistics, the freight, which gets 
taken care by Allcargo Global. Allcargo Terminals does the portside logistics work. 
 
And then you've got Allcargo Logistics, which takes care of Express and the 3PL, the 
consultative logistics. So there are a set of customers who participate in all these products and 
solutions with us, while we remain separate entities to them. So that is, in some way, a cross-
sell opportunity for us at an entity level, which our teams do. 
Devraj: 
Okay. Noted, sir. But sir, it was very difficult to understand, right, for a long-term shareholder 
that there were 4 businesses which were carved out. And we must get feel that there were some 
-- inside the group, one company gets the business. 
 
But now as we are separately listed, so that was the -- my question was coming from that point 
of view and how we will get more business. And it's okay, sir. I'm done. So my question is 
related to the DFC. How the DFC benefits our ICD business and rail? 
Suresh Kumar: 
Thank you. Thank you for this question, and this is a thought which keeps coming up in our 
quarterly conversations. So if you were to look at DFC, I'm sure as an investor, you have looked 
at where the DFC starts and Mundra is a very important cog in the wheel. 
 
And then you've got JNPA, the Nhava Sheva connectivity, which has happened, but still not 
fully functional in the manner in which should. When you look at CFSs, the kind of catchment 
area and the markets that we end up supporting typically are in the 200, 300, 350-kilometer 
range. 
 
So Mundra, you can look at it that way, rail coefficient being high in Mundra, one of the highest 
in the country. JNPA, there is a scope for rail coefficient to become better. Largely, the JNPA 
allcargo 
TERMINALS 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
 
CFS has catered to a 200-250 kilometer radius. You have Bhiwandi, Pune, a lot of these 
industrial clusters is what we cater into. 
 
With the DFCC, obviously, there could be an increase in port volumes, which can trickle down 
into CFSs in the form of DPD, DPD or the regular storage ahead of the exports which happen. 
So we expect the DFCC to improve port efficiencies, which is the stated purpose. 
 
It gives customers choice. It gives customers speed. And as part of the value proposition for a 
customer as part of the logistics chain, we expect those benefits to rub off on CFSs like us. And 
as you know, we are strategically located in locations on the DFCC and now Farukhnagar in the 
next 1 year will be the latest addition to that. Mundra, we are present through 2 facilities. Nhava 
Sheva also, we are present through 2 facilities. So that is our view about how DFCC will have 
an impact, largely positive on our business. 
Devraj: 
Okay. So sir, rail line is connected to the Farukhnagar and we will be the CTO, right? 
Suresh Kumar: 
Yes. So there is a PFT and an ICD that we will have in Farukhnagar. So there will be a rail line 
connectivity. The PFT work is in progress. That will get completed before the ICD gets started. 
March '27 is the deadline for the PFT to be commissioned. So we will operate that as a stand-
alone PFT for initial months before the ICD gets fully operational. And as you would know, we 
also have a strategic investment in HORCL. 
Allcargo Terminals holds about a 7.5% stake in HORCL, which gives us maybe in the next 1- 
1.5 years' time when the whole process project is done, it will give us preferential access to 
DFCC, which will also help customers and consignees to save time when they move cargo from 
Northern India to Mundra. 
So that's what we are looking forward to. This is a little ahead. As we get closer to 
commissioning of the PFT and the ICD, we will share with you more details about how we plan 
to leverage that new facility. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Omkar with Kotak Capital. 
Vikram: 
Omkar, is not there. I'm Vikram here. I have 2 questions. Actually, one question already 
answered very broadly in last question. So one question I have about the EBITDA margin. And 
you guys have seen improvement over a period of last 2, 3 years from 17% to now 22% upwards 
of 22% in the first quarter. 
Is it -- one question is sustainable at 22% or the way you are improving the operational 
excellence, you see a further improvement in the margin from here over a period of time, quarter-
on-quarter guidance, but generally over a period of time because that's what your target is to 
improve the EBITDA margin. So can you take me through the journey? And can you tell me 
about the more operational excellence happening in the company? And what's the guidance for 
next 2 years? 
Suresh Kumar: 
Sure, Mr. Omkar. I think it's a very relevant point, and we are happy that over the last 8 to 9 
quarters, the efforts that we are putting in, in terms of both commercial yield management and 
allcargo 
TERMINALS 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
 
optimizing costs, both are working hand-in-hand to deliver this upward trajectory. So that's the 
first thing. 
So what are the things that we have done till now? I think commercially, understanding the cargo 
mix, what's the kind of cargo which comes in 40-20, all those things over a period of time, we 
have optimized it to an extent, which is really hitting the sweet spot, and that is something on 
the commercial and the cargo mix side. 
On the cost side, I think by being part of a pan-India CFS, we obviously have certain cost 
advantages, key costs like transport, key costs, the other key costs in terms of equipment and 
security. We managed to negotiate pan-India and therefore, end up getting rates which are very 
competitive. That is also something which flows down into our bottom line. 
The other thing is simply because there is capacity utilization, which has consistently improved. 
So if you were to go back 3 years ago, up post the COVID period, our capacity used to hover 
around 65% to 70%. From that, we have built up our capacity significantly. And the capacity 
utilization has also kept pace. So last year, we were at a capacity of about 8.3 lakh TEUs. We 
built it up to around 10.1 lakh TEUs. 
But the capacity utilization from a 60%- 65% ;3-3.5 years back, hovers at a healthy 80% to 85% 
at this point in time. And there are a couple of our facilities, which are really completely fully 
utilized, like our Chennai facility and one of the facilities that we have in Mundra. Therefore, 
the scale efficiencies start to come into play. 
So if you were to look at it, it's a conscious effort over the last 8 to 12 months, both on the 
revenue, commercial management, yield management, using the right kind of scale efficiencies 
to optimize costs. 
We have also introduced technology in the form of myCFS, which more which is more in terms 
of customer convenience rather than any direct impact on the cost. But I think because of that, 
we end up getting more stickiness from our customers, churn reduces. And therefore, when 
customers stay with you for a long period of time, and we end up having a larger wallet share, 
that also adds to building up our EBITDA profile. 
So broadly, these are points that we have worked on, and we will continue to do these things to 
ensure that our margins remain at this level. And to final point about what is the kind of guidance 
that we have, Pritam short while back said that with the ICDs becoming part of the portfolio in 
about 1.5 years' time, there will be a natural increase which will happen. 
Even without that, we expect the profitability numbers to hover around the current level because 
as you know, the market is very competitive. And therefore, beyond the point, I don't think we 
can push yield management. And I think we are at a very ideal spot at this point in time. So we 
will endeavor to maintain profitability, EBITDA per TEU numbers in the range of INR2,400 to 
INR2,500 per TEU. I hope this answers your question. 
Vikram: 
Yes, I got that because I was just looking at FY '30 aspiration and when you see revenue at 
INR1,400 crores and EBITDA at INR275 crores, you're roughly targeting 20% EBITDA margin 
allcargo 
TERMINALS 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
 
and you already crossed 22%. I just want to understand that is it a onetime or is it sustainable 
because you broadly explain the efficiency part and which is very relevant to your business. So 
that's what my curiosity that are we targeting 20% or 22% EBITDA? 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Janvi Sharma, an individual investor. 
Janvi Sharma: 
Am I audible? 
Suresh Kumar: 
Yes, you are audible. Please go ahead. 
Janvi Sharma: 
Sir, my question is since it is such a high cash-rich business, any plans of coming out with a 
dividend payout policy? 
Suresh Kumar: 
So Pritam will take that question. Thank you. 
Pritam Vartak: 
Correct. So it's -- we do discuss dividend distribution in our Board meeting. However, we are 
just -- I think we just completed 3 years of listing. There have been -- there are some very 
important and interesting investment plans, which we are currently having. We look at ourselves 
as a company who is like in a growing phase. 
Very recently, we also raised equity capital to finance our projects and the expansion plan. So 
that's where I think this particular decision in terms of not declare dividend at this point of time, 
which we are leaning towards. 
As we execute our projects, as we go into the different trajectory where the cash flow 
requirements have been fully taken care of and we are good invested into a project, we will look 
at those -- returning some of this money to our investors by way of dividend. As of now, because 
considering the plans which we are having, we are staying away from declaring dividend at this 
point of time. 
Suresh Kumar: 
So the sentiment is, if there is an opportunity for us to deploy and create models and assets for 
the future, which will have a longer-term competitive strengthening of our overall business, we 
are prioritizing that at this point in time, and we are a relatively young company, just completed 
3 years of listing. 
So thank you for your support, and we look forward to this foundation being strengthened and 
multiple returns coming in through the Farukhnagar project and other expansion, that being 
funded at this point in time. And then over a period of time in the coming future, we will move 
from this phase to a phase in which we become a regular dividend-paying company. So that's 
the philosophy that we follow as of now, and I hope that, that makes it clear for you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Rikesh Parikh with NV Alpha Asset. 
Rikesh Parikh: 
Sir, first on just a regular accounting question. Our employee cost has increased slightly in the 
first quarter. So any one-off in this? Or this is the run rate we should be taking for the full year? 
Pritam Vartak: 
Two things. One is on account of annual increments, which is in the range of 10%. Plus 
additionally, you would have seen that we have issued ESOP to our one of the KMP CEO. And 
allcargo 
TERMINALS 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
 
both these impacts has come into this current quarter. So impact of ESOP would be close to 
INR1 crore for the quarter and the impact of increments we have already taken. So you can take 
this as a regular quarterly. 
Rikesh Parikh: 
Got it. And in terms of time line of our new project getting streamlined, so probably Chennai 
and Farukhnagar will be third quarter, fourth quarter for commercialization? 
Suresh Kumar: 
Let me also quickly take you through the projects that we have been talking about consistently. 
The projects that we have identified for capacity expansion from INR8.3 lakh to INR13 lakhs. 
There are 5 projects that we have, out of which the first one was renewal of the CWC Mundra 
license, which we did, along with an additional area coming in. So this happened early last year. 
Second one was the expansion of our flagship facility in JNPT, where we added the yard capacity 
and then got enlarged facility there with warehousing and other capacity that added close to 1 
lakh capacity there in JNPT. Third project that we have is a Speedy renewal, which we 
successfully got the renewal. We got the term extended by another 10 years. We also got a 
commitment for a INR40 crores facility upgrade in which we participate 50% and JNPA 
participates 50%. That adds capacity. 
Fourth -- so these 3 projects are done. The first 2 are done. Third one, tendering has been 
completed. The work will start in post monsoon in Mumbai, August, September and should get 
completed by Jan - February of '27. The fourth project is Farukhnagar, in which there are 2 
portions, the PFT portion and the ICD portion. The PFT portion should get completed by 
February, March '27, and the ICD portion should get completed by Q3, which is October, 
November, December '27. 
The other project for which there is advanced stage of negotiations, which are going on is to 
identify a facility, which is closer to the Kattupalli cluster of ports in Chennai. We are in 
discussions to identify a facility. And once we have clarity amongst the options that we decided 
to choose, possibly in the next quarter call, we will be able to give you a firm time line. 
So this is the time line that we are operating with. Other than this, there is a project that we have 
identified, which is the Mundra project where we have acquired land. But then we have the 
current licenses with the Adani, as he said, available till 2030, '31. 
Depending upon what happens to the extension discussions with the landlord there, we will take 
a call whether to continue with the same or build a larger facility outside. So that's a call that we 
will take during the year. 
Even without that, we are well poised to get to the INR13 lakh capacity that we have planned in 
our 2030 vision. And therefore, I wish to assure you that what we require on capacity and 
headroom has been -- is virtually -- we have complete visibility of the INR13 lakhs capacity that 
we require. I hope this answers your question, Mr. Parikh. 
Rikesh Parikh: 
Yes, sure. Just this JNPT, the new Speedy thing, what we've done. So better ramp-up is already 
there and the upgradation will be operational by Jan, Feb, right? 
allcargo 
TERMINALS 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
 
Suresh Kumar: 
I'm talking about Jan, Feb, yes, '27 because the tender has been done, the contractor, I think this 
is appointed through JNPA, we participate as a partner. But that should get done in the coming 
months and then the work starts post monsoon. So your time line that you've indicated is correct. 
Rikesh Parikh: 
Okay. So for the full year, probably means we should grow with the current capacity only and 
the new capacity will be likely coming up from the next year onwards means ramp-up as such, 
right? 
Suresh Kumar: 
Yes. Yes, that's fair to say that, yes. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Utsav B., an individual investor. 
Utsav B.: 
Am I audible? 
Suresh Kumar: 
Yes, you are audible, Mr. Ustav. Please go ahead. 
Utsav B.: 
Sir, I would like to know a bit about myCFS portal that we launched. I mean like -- I mean, how 
does it function? And how much of the customers are currently using myCFS? And I mean, what 
are the plans of this going ahead? 
Suresh Kumar: 
Thank you. Thank you for this question. So 2 years back is when we launched this app and portal 
for our customers. So one way to go and understand, and I'm sure you would have done a bit of 
this as part of being our investor, is to understand what typically happens in a CFS with regard 
to the entire process of import and export. 
There are a lot of manual work which needs to be done with regard to writing forms, like filling 
forms and the whole payment and the interactions, which are there. So there are multiple steps 
which need to be done. And for that, our customers and our customers' agents, the CHAs would 
have to come to our CFS and then do a lot of this work, including being there physically when 
they have to move a container and place it for inspection and things like that. 
So we went through this workflow for a customer. And the principle that we adopted was 
whatever could be done from outside the premises of the CFS sitting in the confines of the CHA 
or the customer office can be done through this app. And that is when we launched this facility 
for customers. 
First, we started with imports. And the whole import cycle, if there are hypothetically 14 or 15 
steps involved to get an import container cleared. I think we have automated about 70% of that 
workflow through the myCFS app. There are some portions which needs to be integrated with 
the customs and other ICEGATE and other solutions, which we will do at the right time when 
the API and other kind of permissions work out. 
So what does this do for the customer? Basic documentation, entry of necessary forms, placing 
of request for inspection and invoice generation and the kind of tracking can all be done through 
the myCFS app, saving time for the CHAs from the customers. We are now slowly extending 
this to the export side. If you were to look at the volumes that we handled, 75% to 80% of 
volumes handled in our CFS is imports. And a large portion of that is done through the app. 
allcargo 
TERMINALS 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
 
Exports, we have now started doing a portion of the export work also through the app. And 
whenever we are able to integrate it fully like so many systems which are happening in the 
country, whether it is in banking or any other service, I'm sure there's a lot more of digitalization, 
which will happen in the customs interface. 
We are well-positioned with regard to the necessary work which needs to be done to integrate. 
So this is largely a time and effort saving for our CHAs and the adoption rate amongst our CHAs 
on this, large CHAs are more inclined to adopt this versus the marginal CHAs. And we have 
seen an adoption rate ranging monthly usage rate ranging between 70% and 80% amongst the 
CHA community for whom this product is really targeted at. I hope that answers your question. 
Utsav B.: 
Just one more question. I might be a bit in asking this, but I mean there are a lot of CFS in India. 
So I mean, just to get an idea how many of the CFSs have this kind of a portal, just to have an 
idea? 
Suresh Kumar: 
So in our understanding, we were one of the first to do this and possibly amongst the count of 
CFSs in the country, about 140-odd functioning. And there are very few who have multicity 
presence like us. There are maybe 2 or 3 other CFSs who have this kind of a solution for 
customers. 
Utsav B.: 
All right, sir. And just to think about the EBITDA per TEU, I mean, how much of the increase 
has been due to our cost savings and how much has been due to favorable pricing from the 
customer? Just if you can touch upon that. 
Pritam Vartak: 
Yes. So difficult to segregate that. In terms of pricing, if you see, I think a year back, we were 
hovering around INR11,000 to INR11,500 per TEU. Now that is something which we have been 
able to push at INR13,000 per TEU in the current financial quarter. 
So yes, I think a substantial part of that has been achieved by way of better yield management 
and better selling practices, which we have adopted. Also, in the last current quarter, we have 
also been able to increase our rates to the customers, and that has also given us a good increase 
in terms of revenue per TEU. 
So I would say this is a combination of yield management as well as cost savings. Maybe to 
answer your question, we can put it as like a 50% of the savings we have been able to derive by 
way of better yield management and 50% of this improvement has come from our operational 
efficiencies, which includes RST modernization plan and yard management systems and things 
which we have implemented. 
Suresh Kumar: 
Just to supplement what Pritam has said, please also look at over the last 3 years, there's also 
been a steady increase in input costs, whether it is fuel or the contracts that you have with 
transporters. So we have been able to absorb all that as part of the commercial rate changes 
which have happened. 
And after absorbing that is what you have seen the growth in profitability per TEU. And like 
what Pritam said, it's very difficult to put a finger. This also depends upon the kind of cargo mix 
that we have, which keeps fluctuating depending upon the kind of size of containers. 
allcargo 
TERMINALS 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
 
And also, we know that there are categories of cargo like ODC cargos, months in which we do 
more of them, reefer, some of these are better margin cargo that we have. So it's a combination 
of all that. And I think whatever possible buttons or levers that we can press on this, we have 
activated them to get this upward trajectory. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Devraj, an individual investor. 
Devraj: 
Sir, through the private freight terminal, right, we aim to target the TAM is of domestic rails 
TEUs or EXIM rail TEUs? 
Suresh Kumar: 
Can you please repeat the question, sir? 
Devraj: 
Sir, the private freight terminal, right, in Farukhnagar, which will come up example. So through 
that we are aiming to target the domestic rail TEUs or EXIM rail TEUs? 
Suresh Kumar: 
Yes. So a good question. I couldn't hear you clearly. So when the PFT starts, which is hopefully 
by March '27, the initial phase, it will cater to the domestic. And then when the ICD gets done, 
obviously, this is maintained -- this is meant largely for ICD and in our business estimate and 
projections that we have, the volumes that this terminal will handle will be in the range of 20% 
to 25% domestic and about 75% to 80% EXIM. 
Devraj: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, domestic EBITDA margin will be lesser, right, compared to the EXIM 
EBITDA margin? 
Suresh Kumar: 
Yes. You're right. 
Devraj: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, one thing, sir. Sir, in our website, you mentioned Nepal, right? So sir, what 
exactly value addition we do? And how do we get business from there? 
Suresh Kumar: 
Yes. Thank you. Thank you for noticing that. Nepal is a small joint venture that we have. In 
Nepal, we operate one ICD and we operate 3 ICPs, which is the check post that we do in a joint 
venture that we have with a Nepal-based partner. 
We are present in Tatopani, Biratnagar and in Kathmandu, I think, with the -- yes, Kakarvitta 
with the CFS, and we operate the ICPs at Tatopani and Biratnagar. And now with the rail 
connectivity and you would have heard -- learned about what's happening with Maersk 
launching a rail service between Nepal and Calcutta, we expect more volumes to happen. So 
there's a very small portion of the overall volumes and turnover and profitability that we do. This 
contributes at best about 2% to 3% of the overall profitability revenue that we have. 
Devraj: 
Okay. Okay. Okay, sir. And sir, just one thing, the renewal thing, right, in earlier participant's 
question. So that renewal comes up from port authority or it comes from the customs authorities 
license? 
Suresh Kumar: 
The port -- yes, so the JNPA renewal comes from the port authorities. So this is -- they are the 
landlord port. And therefore, this is a SAMO model of CFS. The earlier contract was for 20 
years, which got over in 2025, and we have now been able to successfully get the 10-year 
extension for that. 
allcargo 
TERMINALS 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
 
Devraj: 
Okay. Okay. So our premises will be in the port's premised or outside the ports. 
Suresh Kumar: 
It's outside the port premises, but we are the closest CFS in Nhava Sheva to the port. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Suresh Kumar, our Managing Director at Allcargo Terminals Limited. Thank you, and over 
to you. 
Suresh Kumar: 
Thank you very much. It was a pleasure sharing our results and our plans with all of you. I hope 
our responses to the questions are complete, and it gives you a good picture of how we are 
placed. In summary, we are very, very well placed when it comes to creating capacity and well 
on track for the 3-year ambition that we have of becoming a 1 million TEU operator with 
significant jump in EBITDA margin and profitability. All the key projects that we have identified 
are progressing well. 
And I also shared with you that there is a management leadership transition which is happening 
and we welcome Pranav to be the MD of Allcargo Terminals from September 1. He brings in a 
lot of wealth of experience having been on the port side of a large conglomerate like the Adani 
Ports and he will, along with the team of Allcargo Terminals, take our business forward in the 
direction in which we have outlined it for the next 3 to 5 years. We thank you for your patience 
hearing and look forward to your continued support. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Allcargo Terminals Limited, that concludes today's 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
i  
allcargo 
TERMINALS 
