 
 
 
 
Registered Office : “HDFC House”, 2nd Floor, H. T. Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai - 400 020. 
Tel.: 022 - 6631 6333 Website: www.hdfcfund.com 
Ref/No/HDFCAMC/SE/2026-27/34                                                                        Date – July 17, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Kind Attn: Head – Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Sir PJ Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
 
Kind Attn: Sr. General Manager – DCS Listing 
Department  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call  
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, conducted 
after the meeting of the Board of Directors on July 15, 2026 which can also be accessed on the website of 
the Company at: https://www.hdfcfund.com/about-us/financial-information/shareholder-presentation 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sonali Chandak 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
Digitally signed by: 
Sonali Nitin Chandak
DN: CN = Sonali Nitin 
Chandak C = IN O = 
Personal
Date: 2026.07.17 15:57:
16 +05'30'
Sonali 
Nitin 
Chandak

 
 
 
“HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 15, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAVNEET MUNOT – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. NAOZAD SIRWALLA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. SIMAL KANUGA – CHIEF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
OFFICER 
 
 
 
 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 27 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call of HDFC Asset Management Company Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
From the management team, we have with us Mr. Navneet Munot, Mr. Naozad 
Sirwalla, and Mr. Simal Kanuga. I now hand this call over to Mr. Simal 
Kanuga, who will give us a brief, following which we will proceed with the 
Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, Simal. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Thanks. Good evening, everyone. We'll begin with an overview of the mutual 
fund industry. Quarterly average AUM stood at INR83.1 trillion for quarter 
ended June 2026, up 15% Y-o-Y. Equity-oriented AUM crossed INR47 
trillion, up 16%. And this 16% growth is during the year when there were bouts 
of challenges due to external factors and the impact of same on local economy 
and markets. 
 
On flows during the quarter, equity-oriented funds saw net inflows of 
INR1,272 billion as compared to INR911 billion in the same quarter last year, 
increase of 40%. Liquid funds added INR984 billion, though debt funds lost 
INR757 billion. The other category, which includes ETFs, arbitrage and fund 
of funds investing overseas added INR555 billion. 
 
SIP contributions stood at INR318 billion in June 2026 versus INR273 billion 
in June 2025, a 17% Y-o-Y growth. This, in our opinion, would have beaten 
the most optimistic estimates in June 2025. The number of folios has grown to 
279 million from 241 million a year earlier. The industry added close to 6.6 
million new unique investors over the last 12 months, taking the total mutual 
fund investor base to 61.9 million as of June 2026 compared to 55.3 million a 
year ago. 
 
Now we move to us. Our QAAUM stood at INR9.35 trillion, up 13% Y-o-Y, 
with a market share of 11.2%. Excluding ETFs, our market share stood at 
12.4%. Our actively managed equity-oriented QAAUM grew 16% year-on-

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 27 
 
year to INR5.74 trillion. Our equity orientation continues to be meaningfully 
higher than the industry. Equity-oriented assets accounted for 65.7% of our 
QAAUM versus 56.6% for the industry. 
 
On the fixed income side, debt QAAUM stood at INR1.66 trillion with a 
market share of 12.9% and liquid QAAUM at INR851 billion with a 10.7% 
market share. On unique investors, we added roughly 0.46 million during the 
quarter when the industry added 0.53 million, taking our base to 17.1 million. 
Our penetration in the mutual fund industry now stands at 28%, up from 25% 
a year ago, which means 28 of the 100 mutual fund investors have invested 
with HDFC AMC. 
 
Systematic transactions, which is SIP plus STP, stood at INR48.1 billion in 
June 2026 compared to INR40.1 billion in June 2025, a Y-o-Y growth of 20%. 
Beyond mutual funds, we continue to take further steps to build our alternatives 
platform. We'll close our private credit fund this quarter and have recently got 
an approval to launch a second fund on venture capital / private equity side. A 
marquee global investor has proposed to seed this new fund with a commitment 
of $50 million. Total alternatives AUM, which includes AIF commitments, 
portfolio management services business and advisory mandates stood at 
INR148 billion, up from INR60 billion a year ago. 
 
Now to our financials. Our revenue from operations grew by 14% year-on-year 
to INR11 billion. Other income at INR2.6 billion. Total cost for the quarter 
was INR2.7 billion as against INR2.1 billion in Q1 of last year. Operating 
profit for the quarter grew by 10% year-on-year with an operating margin of 
35 basis points of AUM. Profit after tax stood at INR8.4 billion, a growth of 
12% year-on-year. 
 
Thank you so much. Navneet, Naozad and I are here for any questions. We can 
start now kind of queuing up questions. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Piyush Kumar from Magnus Hathaway. 
Piyush Kumar: 
Sir, basically, I have only two questions. First is how are the SIP inflows in 
your schemes in this quarter? And how are the SIP inflows month-on-month? 
So, like do you see any trends or any sentimental changes in the investor 
psychology based on the numbers? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 27 
 
Navneet Munot: 
I think the SIP flows remain very healthy for the industry. Over the last 6 
months or so, they have been about INR30,000 crores. We have a healthy share 
within that. What we disclose is inclusive of the systematic transfer plan. So, 
we disclose systematic transactions, which include both SIP and STP and 
which have seen like healthy growth over the last several months despite the 
market volatility. 
Piyush Kumar: 
Okay, sir. And sir, my next question is regarding which sectors are you most 
bullish on? Like do you have any idea of which sectors are going to perform 
going forward? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Sir, we disclose 100% of our portfolios. So, if you just kind of go to our 
website, it will be easier in sense we have our overweight positions well 
mentioned there. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Capital. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is on the debt 
AUM. We have seen a 6% Q-o-Q decline and even the closing AUM is lower 
by 3%. So, what exactly has happened? Why are we seeing such a strong 
outflows in the debt schemes? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, thank you for the compliment, Devesh. But on the debt side, we have seen 
money coming into the liquid fund, liquid and the overnight, while 
redemptions on the debt category. Last few months, the volatility in rupee, the 
volatility in interest rates, given the global environment, crude oil prices, 
etcetera, we have seen investors redeeming from the debt funds, but we have 
seen incremental inflows into the liquid fund for the industry as a whole, and 
we also have a decent share to get impacted by that, both sides, I mean. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Okay, sir. And second, sir, if you see on a blended basis, we have seen a 
marginal uptick in the yields for us. Is this purely because of the product mix? 
Or is there any other reason also? And has there been any impact of the new 
TER regulations, which went live from 1st of April? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, as you know, I mean, there has been a change from the earlier TER 
methodology to BER. There has been an accounting change. Industry has been 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 27 
 
adjusting to the new environment. I wouldn't like read too much into the 
movement in the first few months. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Sure, sir. And sir, could you call out the revenues that we earn from the PMS 
and AIF segment? I think now it's increasing at least in terms of overall growth. 
So, what would be the contribution? Can that be the reason for a sequential 
uptick in the revenue yields on a blended basis? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Yes, it's still very small. The PMS does have a large mandate, which is one of 
the Government of India mandates. Navneet, do you want to go ahead? 
Navneet Munot: 
Sure. So, I mean, the alternative side, the economics are slightly better than the 
mutual fund business. The fee ranges between 80 to 90 basis points depending 
on the product. PMS, the discretionary book is broadly in line with the equity 
margins. The nondiscretionary piece is very different construct because it 
operates under very, very tight economics. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Understood. And sir, last two bookkeeping questions. One is the asset-wise 
yield for the quarter. And second, just a clarification, if the CSR expense has 
been booked in the 1Q this year versus 2Q last year. Is that right? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Hi, Devesh. I'll take the question on the yield. So, our equity yields, total 
blended equity yields were 58 basis points. Debt was 28 basis points and liquid 
was 13 basis points monthly. Our CSR expenditure is actually a function of 
how our sort of CSR partners require the funding. So, this quarter, we have 
funded to the extent that was required. It is more than what we funded in Q4 
of last year or Q1 of the previous year. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Would you be able to call out what was the CSR expense? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
I mean it's not like a big number either way, Devesh, but it is a function of, as 
I said, the annual numbers are available for people what we spend, right? It's 
available. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
What I was trying to understand, we should assume a similar quarterly run rate, 
right, for other overheads. It's not that there's any one-off element of the CSR 
in 1Q. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 27 
 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So, as I said, it is not -- the CSR expenditure is not equally spread out through 
the year because it's a function of how our partners require the capital. So, this 
quarter, the number we have sort of spent on CSR is higher than what we spent 
for Q1 last year as well as Q4 of last year. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Understood. Perfect. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Meghna Luthra from InCred 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Meghna Luthra: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, has there been any rationalization in 
equity schemes, the distribution commission during the quarter? 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, I think, Meghna, the one thing that we have done is, of course, because of 
the change from this TER to BER, the rationalization happened starting 1st of 
April itself. 
Meghna Luthra: 
Okay. And can we get like which -- is it the balance advantage? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Yes, across all schemes because the 5 basis points that we were allowed to 
charge in lieu of exit load has now been taken off. And secondly, the whole 
accounting treatment change. So, both of these things led us to revise the 
structures on the book itself starting 1st April 2026. 
Meghna Luthra: 
Okay. Okay. That's very helpful. So, can we expect our revenue yield to benefit 
from it in the going 2Q, 3Q as well because it has kind of a lag effect, right, 
spread over 2, 3 quarters? 
Navneet Munot: 
I mean let me recap the changes. The first was the removal of the 5 basis points 
of additional TER that AMCs were earlier permitted to charge in lieu of exit 
load. The second is the shift from TER, which included levies to BER plus 
statutory levies. And the third element is the rationalization of brokerage limits 
on the cash market transaction. 
So, our approach has been to offset this through optimization of commission 
structures, along with prudent management of both direct and indirect costs. 
So, what I can say is we have been able to maintain our margins. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 27 
 
Meghna Luthra: 
Got it, got it. And sir, one more question is on the market. Like our market 
share in the flow data on equity schemes is higher than our outstanding AUM. 
And yet in our active managed equity market share has dipped by 20 basis 
points sequentially. Sir, how do they link to it? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, quarter-on-quarter movement you see here is largely attributed to MTM 
movement because the market share is a function of 2 things. One is the MTM 
movement and second is the flows. But I think overall, if you see the MTM 
movement has resulted in the decline in the market share that you have seen. 
On a year-on-year basis, the equity market share has held steady at around 12.8. 
Meghna Luthra: 
Got it. And lastly, sir, on the employee cost also, is the entire increase 
attributable to bonuses and increments? And what would be the ESOP 
component of it? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So, we have disclosed the ESOP component separately by means of a note. If 
you exclude that, which is there in the presentation, the increase in Q1 is largely 
on account of year-end increments that we have rolled out. Also, certain 
employee benefits get valued beginning of the year and sort of based on the 
market, etcetera. So, there's an element of that involved on the employees front 
as well. But we disclosed the noncash component of the ESOP separately in 
the way of a note. 
Meghna Luthra: 
Got it, got it. That’s helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes, hi. Just wanted to understand from you on the ground realities as to what's 
really transpiring on the ground with respect to SIP momentum, direct versus 
distributed, which is seeing any momentum change towards more distributed 
rather than direct? Any color because we've seen SIP kind of plateauing. I 
know, Navneet, you've always been saying that this INR30,000 crores number 
itself is a very good number. 
But as analysts, we always look at even small drops as something which is a 
slight negative. So just trying to see as to what's really kind of happening on 
the ground. And secondly, even on the debt and liquid front, we've seen loss 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 27 
 
of market share. What are we trying to do to kind of arrest that or improve that? 
Yes, those would be my 2 questions. Thanks. 
Navneet Munot: 
Sure. So first, on the question on the SIP. So, if you look at the industry, June 
'26 number was INR318 billion, INR31,800 crores. If you compare with June 
'25, this was like INR27,300 crores. So that is a 17% Y-o-Y growth in a year 
which has been like quite volatile. And we have seen like a series of global 
events, which have impacted the market. 
And in last 10 years, I'm sure you said that there is a marginal dip even on a 
month-on-month basis. But look at the last 10 years trajectory, we have moved 
from INR3,000 crores per month to INR30,000 crores per month. And during 
this period, we have seen so many market cycles, rate cycles, geopolitical 
shocks, there have been sharp corrections in market. 
There have been phases of muted returns. And through all of this, monthly SIP 
contributions have sustained and moved higher. I've quoted this many times. 
This is like India's 401(k) movement and the investor behavior is very different 
than what I've seen as a fund manager or as a CIO for a long time where retail 
flows would ebb and flow with market sentiment. 
There used to be a time when typical question from a distributor or investor 
would be, should we invest now or should we wait? And after a year or 2, it 
would be, should we book profit now or should we wait? Now it's very 
different. I think it's becoming a habit and habits once formed, you would 
appreciate they tend to persist. I think our view has been and it's been very 
consistent that penetration relative to formal savings base is still low and which 
means the runway from here is very, very long. 
Another factor, which I'm sure people know, but not giving enough credit is 
the role of investor education. I think the AMFI's initiative and the efforts of 
individual AMCs like us, I mean, look at some of the investor education 
initiatives we have taken to really spread the message far and wide to every 
strata of our society across to every nook and corner of the country. 
And the message has been very consistent that if you ride out the short-term 
volatility and stay invested through cycles, long-term outcome would be very 
rewarding. Having said all of this, I think we remain watchful of how investor 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 27 
 
behavior evolves in a more extended market downturn. I mean, if the downturn 
persists for several quarters or years, that is one scenario this cohort of investor 
has not really been through yet. So, jury on that is still out. But my sense is that 
a large part of these flows are very structural. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. Any color in terms of debt and Liquid 
Navneet Munot: 
On the debt side, the last two consecutive quarters, we have seen significant 
outflows. And I mentioned earlier, maybe it's the volatility in interest rates, I 
think what's been happening on the crude oil, geopolitics, currency and all of 
that. But we have seen very decent flows in the liquid fund in this quarter. Yes. 
But I think that as an industry, we need to work a lot more, how do we make 
that funds more attractive to retail investors. 
 
Earlier industry was more institutional, less retail. I mean, I'm talking about, 
let's say, a decade back. It used to be more institutional, less retail. It was more 
fixed income, less equity. It used to be more lump sum flows, less of SIP. It 
used to be metros, less of like other cities and B30. There are structural 
changes, dynamics, but in this entire period, somewhere it seems that we need 
to do a lot more work on how do we make debt funds more attractive for 
investors. 
 
And there are several cohorts. I mean you look at the retirees, you look at 
several people who just want a regular income, more protection of capital, how 
do we make our products more attractive? And recent circular by the SEBI has 
given us newer opportunities on lifecycle funds, etcetera. And in the industry, 
we are all working hard how do we position that to our investors. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just last question, what are the product launches… 
Navneet Munot: 
One more thing that in the last couple of years, we have seen investors 
participating in that through hybrid funds, asset allocation products. So, the 
popularity of multi-asset fund, balance advantage fund, equity savings, all of 
these categories are the ones through which the investors are participating in 
fixed income. 
Prayesh Jain: 
What is the line of product launches across mutual funds, SIF, PMS, AIF? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 27 
 
Navneet Munot: 
So, as you're aware, over the last couple of years, we have significantly 
expanded our product bouquet on active funds, on passive side, both, I mean, 
index and ETFs, both market cap-based indices and smart beta products. We 
have launched a couple of sector and thematic funds. On the PMS side, we 
have hired senior resource and have launched product on that and in PMS in 
the process of raising money in a Category 3 product. We have got the 
approval. 
 
We have mentioned earlier about our private equity venture capital fund of 
fund. On the SIF side, we have hired a senior resource for our SIF efforts. In 
fact, today, only our Board has approved our first SIF offering, which will be 
H-SIF equity ex top 100 long-short fund, which will be launched in the near 
term. I mean this is just the start. 
 
Our aim is to build a full suite of SIF products over time. Yes, the whole idea 
is that our aspiration is to be consistently be the trusted investment partner for 
every investor across life stages, across income levels, across investment 
sophistication and be it actively managed fund, passively managed fund, SIF, 
PMS, private equity, private credit, we would be present across all segments 
and a build a full-scale platform. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Great. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Swarnabh Mukherjee from 360 
ONE Capital. Please go ahead. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: Yes, hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I had a couple of questions. One is 
in terms of the yield, so the yield increase, and apologies if I'm repeating 
because I have joined a little bit late. So, the yield increasing, I just wanted to 
understand from your side that whether this is -- the increase is more an 
outcome of shift from TER to BER or also -- I mean there is some component 
of the 5-basis point pass on there. Anything you can give some color on? 
 
And whether we should consider this to be the baseline number now and then 
think about the gradual dilution that with increase in AUM playing out from 
this level? If you could give some color on that? And in terms of how we 
broadly expect the yields to kind of come off going forward, if there any color 
you can give, that would be helpful? That is the first question. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 27 
 
 
Second is in terms of the SIP number, so what I understand is that our trends 
have been fairly in line with the industry, how the numbers have moved over 
the quarter. As we move ahead in June and I think I just wanted to understand 
the trends that you are seeing in terms of SIP and overall net flows, how it is 
sustaining? And do we have any levers in place to basically increase our market 
share in terms of SIP flows, if you could give some color on that. These will 
be my questions? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, the first, I mentioned earlier that we have moved to a new regime. Earlier, 
it was TER, which included levies to BER, which is BER plus statutory levies. 
So, our approach has been how do we offset the impact, whatever it is, through 
optimization of commission structure on the one side and prudent management 
of cost, both direct as well as indirect costs. 
 
So, all I would say is that we've been able to maintain our margins. There has 
been like, as I said, accounting change and a new structure. So, I wouldn't really 
read out much in terms of quarter-on-quarter little bit of movement. Our 
endeavor has always been to ensure that distribution partners are fairly 
compensated for the efforts that they put. I mean, we believe in our long-term 
partnerships at the same time ensuring that we maintain decent margins. 
 
The second question on the SIP growth. I mean you have seen over the last 
several quarters, the growth in the systematic book versus the industry, while 
industry itself has seen a healthy growth. And within that, we've been able to 
gain market share. 
 
One of the biggest focus for the fund house, not only in the last few years where 
SIP flows for the industry has grown, but for the longest period, we would have 
been one of the earliest players in the asset management industry to talk about 
the benefits of long-term investing to promote the concept of SIPs much earlier 
than many others. And yes, reaping the benefit of that and trying our best to 
optimize through every single channel. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: Right, sir. Got it. Helpful, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ankit Bihani from Nomura. 
Please go ahead. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 27 
 
Ankit Bihani: 
Yes, good evening, team. So, I have 2 questions. So, given that India currently 
remains underpenetrated MF market and AMCs have so far been able to defend 
their margins through distributor negotiations. Do you think this pricing power 
with distributors is sustainable over the medium term? Let's say, we enter into 
a scenario wherein the markets do not deliver significant returns over a medium 
term. So, does the economics change? This is my first question. 
 
And my second question is, how do you see the opportunity in the alternative 
evolving in India over the next 5 to 10 years? And what role does HDFC AMC 
aspire to play in this market? Yes, those are my 2 questions? 
Navneet Munot: 
Sure, sure. So, first question on the economics between asset manager and the 
distributor doesn't change depending on the market. I mean, as you said, if the 
market is muted, then whether there is a shift in the pricing power between the 
manufacturer and the distributor, not necessarily. 
 
And as I mentioned earlier, for us, we look at it as a partnership. They bring in 
investors, they manage the investors, they do the handholding through ups and 
downs in the market. And at our end, we deliver returns in line with the 
expectations. So, it's a healthy relationship evolved over decades and we ensure 
that it is a win-win for investor, distributor or adviser and us. 
 
Your second question on the opportunity in alternatives. As I said, I mean, 
these are like very early days of financialization of savings in India. I think all 
the factors, be it formalization of the economy, digitalization of the economy, 
digitalization of finance, financialization of savings and one important aspect, 
financialization of assets, which you are seeing the growth of REITs, growth 
of InvIT, growth the way we have seen even on the commodity side the way 
gold and silver funds grew, I think there are like tremendous opportunities in 
the asset management. 
 
One healthy and good encouraging trend has been picking up of the SIP habits. 
I've quoted this several times that we are transforming from a nation of saver 
to a nation of investors. There is a large savings pool. And over a period of 
time, it's going to get more and more into the investment form. 
 
There would be opportunities similarly on the alternative side. I mean, there is 
a large investable listed universe, but there are a large number of companies in 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 27 
 
the unlisted space, which over a period of time will grow and get ready for 
listing. And before that, there are opportunities to participate in that growth 
through private equity or venture capital. 
 
Private credit market is hugely underpenetrated, very early days. And over a 
period of time, there are tremendous opportunities for flexible and the private 
credit funding for large number of corporates in India across whether it's mid-
market or large corporates for a variety of structures. Similarly, on the 
segregated accounts, be it the global investors, be it institutions, family offices 
who are looking at more sophisticated bespoke solutions. 
And as a house, we are building capabilities across the board. See, what is our 
biggest strength as a house? Over decades, we have demonstrated great 
capability on the investment management, on risk management and on product 
management. 
And the whole idea is that how do we -- I mean, without getting into the 
specific about whether it's on the mutual fund platform or alternative platform, 
whether it's active or passive, whether it's large institution or retail, whether 
T30 or B30, a lot of time, the industry discussions are institutional, retail 
distributed versus direct. 
But at HDFC AMC, the core capability is like investment management, risk 
management and product management. And we want to be like one-stop 
solution for all kinds of investors and building capability. We have built a large 
team. We have got now 37 investment professionals on the mutual fund side. 
And it's not about the headcount, it's about the experience. Most of our fund 
managers have experience of 20, 25 years plus. Even all our analysts have seen 
multiple cycles. They are highly experienced. 
We have now got 6 people on the private equity VC side investment team, 6 
on private credit side, 8 on PMS across both debt and equity. I mean, so we are 
building like a lot of capability on the investment business side. Similarly, on 
the risk management, and as I said, product management. 
So, I've hired like investment specialists, which we already had for mutual 
fund, but now we have investment specialists on the client side, the interaction, 
whether it's on alternative side, on the PMS side. I talked about a couple of 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 27 
 
products that we have been looking at. So, I see tremendous growth across all 
segments in India, and we want to participate in those opportunities. 
Ankit Bihani: 
Yes. Thank you for answering my question. Just one last question. If I look at 
the gold ETF or silver ETF, one of our competitors is able to charge four times 
-- 3.5 to 4 times the TER what other players are able to charge. And I suppose 
that has got to do with the liquidity they are able to provide or the impact cost 
would be lower in them. How do we see -- how do we expect to narrow this 
gap? Because this looks like a very distinct advantage that one AMC is able to 
have over so many other players? 
Navneet Munot: 
It's not 3 or 4 times. Our industry is highly competitive. I'm sure be it investors 
or be it distributors, I think they all compare each other. And of course, I mean, 
a lot of pricing is kept by the regulation. But within that, wherever there is 
competition in some of the fixed income funds or the ETFs, etcetera, I think 
we all do the right benchmarking and always try to optimize our margins 
everywhere. 
Ankit Bihani: 
Okay. Thank you for answering my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mohit Mangal from Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Yes. Good evening, everyone, and thanks for the opportunity. So, my first 
question is basically looking at your distribution network. And I was looking 
at the bank share that has come down from 10.4% in Q1 '26 to 9.6%. Now I 
know that you have said that Fintechs have kind of grown faster than the banks. 
But do you think this trend will kind of continue or banks will kind of grow 
faster than the Fintechs? 
Navneet Munot: 
I mean Fintechs 5 years back, the numbers were negligible and particularly by 
building the SIP book, now they have become very significant. And now that, 
if you look at the overall net flows, a large share is coming through the SIPs 
and which is where they have focused in the last couple of years and they 
become very, very significant. Of course, I mean, the total adds 100. So, 
somebody's share will go down. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 27 
 
Not that banks have not been growing. In fact, a couple of them have been 
growing decently, participating in the growth, but there is, let's say, another 
channel, which has also grown significantly in the last couple of years, which 
would impact the relative share of the other participants. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Right. And the bank's flow market share continues to be high in the book, right? 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes. 
Mohit Mangal: 
So, my second question is basically on strategy on kind of growth. So, what 
we have seen over the last few quarters is that our market share have kind of 
remained broadly stable with some kind of a marginal decline as well, whereas 
in this competitive intensity, we have seen kind of fewer players growing. So, 
do we have kind of any internal targets to grow higher or any strategy towards 
that would be helpful? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, I mean, our endeavor is to ensure that we have a scale. I mean, we optimize 
our market share everywhere. At the same time, we're trying to grow the 
market as a leading player across asset classes, across products, across 
channels, across geographies, so on and so forth and have that with the quality. 
And by quality, I mean, a lot of focus on individual investors, a lot of focus on 
like building the new markets like B30, etcetera, trying to penetrate more 
among the existing investors, so on and so forth and keep the industry-leading 
profitability and have a fair balance between the scale quality and profitability. 
And over a longer period, as I mentioned, that idea has to be a best-in-class 
platform, we have always been and continue to strengthen that platform. I mean  
I talked about the people strength. We have the processes. We have one of the 
longest track records of the alpha of actively managed funds and got large 
bouquet of passive funds, the work that we are doing on PMS and alternatives 
and continue to grow all of this with a very tight control on the cost, and that 
is what we have always done that and aspire to do that continually. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Yes. So basically, on the employee count, basically, I was looking at your 
employee count and it has increased by around 92 over the last one year, while 
our number of branches have kind of remained stable at around 280. So just 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 27 
 
wanted to know, I mean, will this kind of employee count increase further as 
well? 
Navneet Munot: 
No. A good part of that increase is I told you about building some of these new 
platforms, hired people and like on the international business, on PMS, 
alternatives, even on our domestic mutual fund side. Of course, on the 
institutional sales in our digital, AI, marketing, across functions. And as I said 
that we won't shy away from investing in the business. And one of the biggest 
investment that we make is people, right? So, hiring the best possible talent 
and ensuring that we provide them the best possible environment to make the 
most of the opportunity, which is in front of us. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Understood. Thanks, wish you all the best. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citibank. 
Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hi, good evening, everyone. So first, a few questions from my side. If I look 
at your other expense data, that growth seems to be a little bit on the higher 
side, so just wanted to get some color on the granularity of that other expense. 
 
I mean, I understand your cost ratios are quite top notch, but still just from a 
quarter perspective, if there was any one-off or anything out there? Second, 
especially from a Fintech channel perspective, I mean, we now have like 
maybe 3 to 5 years of data for customer vintage. So, during this market 
volatility that has been there intermittently over the last almost 12 to 18 
months, in terms of customer churn or customer or wallet diversification across 
different schemes or products versus the traditional channels. What has HDFC 
AMC observed on some of those fronts? If you can give some color on that? 
And finally, I joined the call a little late. I don't know if you mentioned the 
product-wise yield on the mutual fund side of the business for the quarter? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Hi Dipanjan, I'll take the first and the third. We covered the question on 
operating costs as well. So, if you see the increase in operating expenses 
quarter-on-quarter, that's from March quarter to the June quarter, this is largely 
driven by CSR expenditure. And to explain the year-on-year increase, it's a 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 27 
 
function of what we spent on CSR as well as certain IT-related spend. There is 
no one-off in the sense. But as I explained in the call earlier, the CSR 
expenditure is linked to when our partners require the money. So, it is not 
evenly spread through there. It's all I would say. But there's no one-off there. 
On the yields, we did mention the yields earlier, but I will repeat them for your 
benefit. Equity was 58, debt is 28 and liquid is 13. And active equity is about 
61 basis points. 
Navneet Munot: 
And your other question was on behavior. So, a lot of incremental retail 
participation is coming from fintechs, especially the younger and first-time 
investors, the way people discover, evaluate and invest in mutual funds is 
changing and fintech platforms are at the center of that shift. I was just seeing 
fintechs have registered 8.6 million SIPs in this quarter. And to put this number 
in context, if I remember correctly, in FY19, FY20, total number of SIPs they 
would have registered would be close to 400,000. 
So there has been a tremendous growth over the last 4 or 5 years in terms of 
bringing in incremental new investors, particularly through the SIPs. And we 
made the decision early to treat these platforms as genuine partners, and that 
orientation is paying off. So, we are seeing good traction both in terms of SIP 
registration and overall flows. Your question on the behavior of investors, I 
mean, we have seen significant growth in the number of investors. A good 
number of them are first-time investors. 
In another question pertaining to SIP flows and sustainability of that, I 
mentioned that, we have to maybe watch the behavior over the next several 
years, how some of these first-time investors behave. But efforts from them as 
well as from the industry, from all the players is on doing the right kind of 
investor education and ensuring that investor behavior has more long-term 
orientation. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Maybe just one small follow-up, Naozad, if I understood correctly, you 
mentioned equity, including index was around 58 for the quarter. I think last 
quarter was around 56. So firstly, are these data points correct? And secondly, 
if it's correct, then is the increase quarter-on-quarter driven largely by mix 
change? Or is there something else in that? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 27 
 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
I think this question has been answered twice by Navneet already, but... 
Navneet Munot: 
I mentioned earlier that we have moved to a new regime. And I have explained 
that before. Don't read too much like from one quarter to another, yes. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Thanks, Naozad, Navneet, and the team. And all the best. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA India. Please go 
ahead. 
Piran Engineer: 
Hi team. Congrats on the quarter. Just wanted to clarify on one statement that 
you made, sir. What is the contribution of fintechs to SIPs? Did I hear 8.6 
million? 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes, the new SIP registrations, yes. 
Piran Engineer: 
8.6 million in just a quarter. It sounds too high. That's why I'm asking? 
Navneet Munot: 
No, last couple of years, it's been like an exponential growth. 
Piran Engineer: 
No, no, fair, but there are like 100 million SIPs today outstanding. So, in 1 
quarter, 1 channel. 
Navneet Munot: 
It's like the same person moving from one fund to another fund. I'm talking 
about the gross number, yes. 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay. And just broadly, how big would fintechs be for you as a channel? 
Navneet Munot: 
I think we put direct number that includes 3 things. One is that if somebody 
has come through fintech in the direct plan because fintechs are also -- some 
of them are in regular plan, some of them are bringing money in direct plan. It 
includes somebody coming on our digital assets, be it an app or portal or walk 
in branch. And third is through the RIAs. I don't know whether we give further 
breakup because, I mean, industry already is like so much of data is in public 
domain. But we have a healthy market share that I mentioned, yes. 
Piran Engineer: 
Understood. And do you notice any difference in the behavior of investors who 
come directly versus through distributors? And by behavior, I mean, be it the 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 27 
 
type of investments, the amount of churn that they do or the average ticket size, 
etcetera? 
Navneet Munot: 
AMFI has published a handbook and there, if I remember correctly, the data 
has revealed that investors who had come through distributors have a more 
longer-term AUM. But this trend of a lot of investors coming into the direct 
plan through the fintech channels has been a more recent trend. And as I 
mentioned earlier, that we'll have to see the behavior over a longer period of 
time to arrive at any conclusion. 
Piran Engineer: 
Understood. And sir, lastly, in your conversations with both distributors and 
investors, why do you think flows into mid-caps and small caps are still like 
dominating despite valuations, whereas large caps have totally dried up? Is it -
- like I would just like to hear your thoughts. 
Navneet Munot: 
The way we look at our industry, one is the institutional response and one is 
the market response. Institutional response is our fund managers, our 
investment specialists, all of us would give views on the market, would give 
views on the way we have positioned our funds, the views on valuation and 
what investors should be doing. 
And the second is the market response, what investors do across cycles, across 
different phases of the market. I think over a long period of time, we have seen 
outperformance of mid-cap funds and small-cap funds, and off late that has 
become like more pronounced, and maybe our investors who have lesser 
allocation have been participating. 
The second thing, I think I mentioned earlier that if you see the net flows and 
see the SIP flows, a very large part of the flows, almost like 75% plus of net 
flows would be on account of the SIP flows. And there is a large SIP book in 
these segments. So automatically, you will see that in the overall net flows. As 
the SIP book is more longer term, I'm saying. 
Piran Engineer: 
Got it. Yes. That's it from my end. Thanks, and wish you all the best. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 27 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shreyas Pimple from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Shreyas Pimple: 
Hi, thank you so much for the opportunity. I wanted to understand if the ESOP 
expense has been accelerated in this quarter. We have taken around INR23 
crores of ESOP expense versus earlier guided INR67 crores for the entire year 
of FY27? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So, I'll take that. That's largely because we granted a bunch of stock options 
under the new plan in the last week of June of last year. So, the last year number 
is for 9 months, so if you see on a quarter-on-quarter basis, previous quarter to 
this quarter, the number is the same. 
Shreyas Pimple: 
Right. So, there is no change in the INR67 crores for the entire year FY27, 
right? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
No. So last year was for a 9-month period. Maybe for the benefit, and we 
typically do that. I will actually spell out the noncash expense that is expected 
based on the current ESOP that have been issued. For FY27, the total noncash 
cost would be around INR79 crores to INR80 crores. For FY28, it will be 
INR63 crores, For FY29, INR41 crores, And for FY30, INR11 crores. 
Shreyas Pimple: 
Okay. Thank you so much. That explains. Another thing on ESOP -- on opex 
was that you had earlier guided that opex growth of 12% to 13% ex of this 
noncash charge. Do we still stand by that? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So, see, typically, I would encourage for you to look at costs on an annual basis 
rather than on quarterly trend. And I think the way we would like to focus on 
this is that we try and keep a very close eye on our net operating margin as the 
basis points of AUM. We've typically operated in the 33 to 35 basis points 
range. And that's the objective for us to stay within that corridor. That's the 
way we look at the business on an overall basis. 
Navneet Munot: 
We have been running a very, very tight ship and have always been, I think, 
very prudent when it comes to spending. Having said that, we will not shy 
away from investing in the future, and I must say this because in a growth 
business like ours and the opportunities that I outlined before, the real risk is 
underinvesting and we will not underinvest. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 27 
 
Shreyas Pimple: 
That's very clear. The second question was in terms of performance, the 
performance has drastically improved in the month of June, the one-year 
performance in equity versus previous three months of a little bit of subpar 
performance in equity. What has, in your view, accelerated this improvement 
in performance? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, let us understand this better. I can spend all day showcasing how good our 
performance has been over time. And we have one of the longest track record 
of performance across a large number of funds. And we always tell our 
investment team whenever I interact that it is not about the columns on the left 
side of performance sheet which is generally very short tenure, but columns on 
the right side, three years, five years, 10 years, 20 years because that will create 
the wealth for the investors. And is there a way to improve numbers there by 
willing to overlook what happens in near term, we are all for it. And that is the 
way we have built our business over decades. We have always believed and 
said that we would like to build a track record of consistent performance. But 
consistency doesn't mean outperforming every single quarter. I mean I've spent 
a good part of my life as a fund manager and CIO and I've always maintained 
that in this business, periods of relative underperformance are an inevitable 
part of generating long-term outperformance. 
Having said that, I mean, I should not sound defensive that our performance is 
not good. In fact, as I said that I can spend the full day showcasing you how 
good the performance has been. So weighted average AUM basis continue to 
be in the top two quartiles over two years, three years. And even if you extend 
the lens to five years and beyond, we would be in like most -- I mean, several 
of the funds in first or second quartile. 
Let me pick up the sheet. And our balance advantage fund is in Q1 over 3, 5, 
10 years. It's a fund above INR1,00,000 crores. It has been a very popular fund 
among investors. Another large fund, Flexicap fund is in Q2 in 1 year, Q1 over 
2, 3, 5, 10 years. Another fund over INR1,00,000 crores is the third fund, a 
large fund is in Q2 in two years, three years and Q1 in five and 10 years. Large 
cap fund, which actually has a lower market share than our overall equity 
market share in Q2 in one year, Q1 over five years, and I see opportunity for 
us to grow in that segment. Another category which has grown for us, focus 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 27 
 
fund is in second quartile in two years, it's in Q1 over 3, 5, 10. In fact, one of 
our funds, which Anand is managing, who's been with us for 20 years, Value 
fund. This fund is like INR7,000 crores or so in a category which would be 
close to INR2,00,000 crores or so is in second quartile like one year, three year, 
five year, 10 year and we have a lot of potential to grow there. 
So, I mean, I can go on, but all I would say is that investors and the distributors, 
the one who actually allocate capital, they don't judge the fund on one or two 
quarters. And there are funds which are doing well on those quarters also. So, 
I don't want to sound defensive, but investors look at performance over a 
meaningful time horizon. And we remain committed. We have shown the 
performance track record over a very, very long period of time. 
So, remain very confident about our investment team, about our processes, 
philosophy, risk management and everything. I mean you look at the client 
addition that we had for several quarters, the folio addition that we have, and 
I'm sure they all appreciate the performance that we have delivered and a lot 
of that growth would be attributed to the performance that we have been 
delivering. 
Shreyas Pimple: 
Yes, that is very helpful and clear. Sir, just last participant, you mentioned that 
the large part of the net inflow has been coming from SIPs. But can that be 
really compared because SIP is a gross number and there can be redemptions 
out of that as well? 
Navneet Munot: 
I mean our industry has made it clear that the SIP number, which are disclosed 
by the AMFI, the amount is the money in the bank and the number of investors 
who have credited that. So AMFI is disclosing both number of investors who 
have kind of put that money and the amount of money that has come. So, there 
is no meaning of gross or net when it comes to the SIP flows. People who have 
accumulated money by doing SIP over a longer period of time, if they redeem 
or switch that money to some other fund, that's a different thing, and we should 
not mix up those two numbers, SIP flows versus SIP redemption that’s 
happened on that count. 
Shreyas Pimple: 
Understood sir. That is very helpful. Thank you so much for answering my 
questions. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 27 
 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Raman K.V. from Sequent 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Raman K.V.: 
Actually, my connection is very bad. I will just make it quick. What Percentage 
of the other income is M2M revenue like mark-to-market gains? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So other income largely is a function of the gains that we have on our balance 
sheet, the equity and the debt investment that we have and almost all of it is 
mark-to-market. Other than some realised gains where we have sold some like 
that. 
Raman K.V.: 
Understood. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Smita Mohta from Mars Ventures. Please go 
ahead. 
Smita Mohta: 
Yes. The first question is that out of the unique investors of 17.1 million, how 
many is added in this quarter. That is what percentage of folio has been added 
or growth Y-o-Y? 
Second of all, out of this folio, what is the growth in the AUM Q-o-Q? And 
your fees and commission, which has risen 54%, is it going to continue every 
quarter because of this directive from the government? And last of all, out of 
the basket of products which you have, which is more margin accretive? And 
as you said about the digital AI, so is that going to reduce your total cost in 
your business? How is it going to help you out? These are a few of my 
questions. 
Navneet Munot: 
See, on the number of folios, last one year, industry folios have grown by 15% 
and our growth is 28%. Last 3 years, industry has grown by 23% CAGR. Our 
growth has been 37%. I can quote the number of unique investors also. So, 
against the CAGR of 17%, we have grown by 34%. And in last 1 year, industry 
is up 12%, adding 6.6 million investors versus our growth of 25%, adding 3.4 
million.  
Simal Kanuga: 
The only thing is we don't disclose the value of these additional new customers 
or anything. We give the total AUM growth only. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 27 
 
Smita Mohta: 
Yes, fees and commission, sir? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So, the fees and commission expenses that you see in the P&L is, first of all, 
it's a very small amount. That's largely the function of brokerage that is paid 
on PMS and alternatives. 
Smita Mohta: 
Will this continue Q-o-Q, this kind of expense? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So first of all, it is only INR2 crores in absolute terms. And secondly, as the 
PMS and AIF business will increase, as the business grows up, the brokerage 
on that will be sort of continued to be paid. 
Simal Kanuga: 
The only thing, ma'am, is the brokerage is a subset of the fees we make. So, 
the fees we'll make will be substantially higher from that. Brokerage is paid 
out of the fees we make. 
Smita Mohta: 
And your digital AI will not reduce your cost in this entire cost? 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, I think the way it works is the fees that we make on this. If we make fees 
of INR100, that INR100 gets added to the revenue. If we spend INR20 out of 
that as commission, that INR20 gets visible in the expenses on a separate line. 
So, the INR2 crores is the expense on that, we would have made substantially 
higher fees, which goes into revenue from operations. 
Smita Mohta: 
And then was there any NFO in this particular quarter? 
Simal Kanuga: 
This is not to do with NFO, ma'am. This is not a mutual fund business. This is 
for portfolio management services and alternative investment fund business. 
Smita Mohta: 
Okay. Got it. Got it. And out of the basket of products which you have, which 
is more margin accretive to you, sir? 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, equity business for us makes maximum money, second comes debt and 
then comes liquid funds. So that is the way our margins tend to be. So more in 
equity will actually enhance our overall margin. 
Smita Mohta: 
However, out of 88.7% in mutual funds, we have seen that your total 
investment basket is 11.8% only in equity. Major is in debt instrument, which 
has gone down. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 27 
 
Simal Kanuga: 
That is our treasury book. The one you are referring to is our treasury book. 
So, our fees are on the assets we manage in mutual fund business. So, if you 
go through our presentation, it actually lists down our AUM breakup. And it 
will give you how much percentage of our total business that we do, which is 
INR9.3 lakh-odd crores. How much of that is in equity, how much of that is in 
debt and how much is in liquid. So, these three things generate fees for us. The 
INR8,000 crores that you are referring to is our treasury surplus, which is in 
our balance sheet. On that, we are very, very cautious investing that capital. 
And hence, large part of that money is invested in debt. 
Smita Mohta: 
Got it. And do you think your margins would be stable and the AUM growth 
would be same as done in the yearly or quarterly basis going ahead as 
guidance? 
Simal Kanuga: 
We don't hazard a guess on our growth numbers at all, ma'am. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Anand Bhaskaran from AVA Ananta Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Anand Bhaskaran: 
Yes. Just one small question. Do you have any plans like launching your own 
PMS products because so far, most funds have been from other third parties? 
So, any plans to launch our own PMS fund or AIF fund, which is managed on 
the house? 
Navneet Munot: 
No, of course, I mean, investment management is not outsourced. It's our own, 
we are a fund manager and the strategy we offer to our investors, both 
discretionary as well as non-discretionary and advisory. So yes, it's our own 
product. 
Anand Bhaskaran: 
Okay. But can you just give me the margins that you make from, let's say, PMS 
to mutual funds, what would be the main difference in terms of margins? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, I mentioned earlier that on the alternative side, margins would be slightly 
better than the mutual fund business. I mean, the mutual fund equity business, 
like-to-like comparison. So, management fee would be between 80 to 90 basis 
points, but it will depend on each product. PMS, the discretionary book would 
be in line with the margins that we earn on the equity side. The non-
discretionary piece is quite different because the nondiscretionary side runs on 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 27 
 
very tight economics. Those are some of the provident fund mandates, etcetera, 
which have very tight economics. But otherwise, the discretionary book would 
be broadly in line with equity margin and alternative side would be slightly 
better than mutual fund equity business. 
Anand Bhaskaran: 
Okay. And last question. In terms of the entire mutual fund categories, in U.S., 
like the most leading fund category is the index funds and ETFs in general. So, 
in India specifically, because now it is kind of a nascent market compared to, 
let's say, in America, what do you think is the -- as a whole industry as a 
perspective, what do you think India's growth format is in terms of what sort 
of categories and mutual funds will be the leading thing in India specifically? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, I think as a country, we are underinvested in equities. So, in Western world, 
we have seen capital moving from active to passive. And within that, in U.S., 
the taxation has played a role in making ETFs relatively even more popular. 
But in our opinion, India will have a different story to tell. So, beyond asset 
allocation, investors in India will allocate to both categories and further 
allocate to products within those respective categories. So, I see that happening 
on a daily basis. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nikhil, Individual Investor. 
Nikhil: 
I wanted to check with you now that buybacks have become relatively 
attractive, what are our plans in terms of weighing buybacks against dividends? 
That's my question. 
Navneet Munot: 
I think our Chairman answered that very eloquently in our Annual General 
Meeting. 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
I think this request was made by a few, the Board has heard the request of 
certain investors at the AGM as well. It's the prerogative of the Board to decide 
what it does on buyback and dividend. 
Moderator: 
That was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Navneet Munot for closing comments. 
Navneet Munot: 
Sure. To sum up our closing AUM stood at INR9.32 trillion, actively managed 
equity-oriented AUM at INR5.93 trillion. We have 28% penetration in the MF 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 27 of 27 
 
industry in terms of unique investors. Beyond mutual funds, our alternatives 
platform has scaled to INR148 billion, and our international business out of 
GIFT City continues to build steadily. We remain very constructive on the 
long-term opportunity. Financialization of savings in India is still in its early 
stages, and our focus remains on delivering consistent outcome and building 
capability for the long term. Thank you for your time today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of HDFC Asset Management Company 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
