 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
Registered Office: 7th Floor, Eleven West Panchshil, Survey No 25, Near PAN Card Club Road, Baner, Pune 411 069, Maharashtra, India 
T: +91 20 6828 1200   |  www.sudarshan.com  |  shares@sudarshan.com  |  CIN: L24119PN1951PLC008409 
20th August, 2026
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Scrip Code – 506655 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Symbol - SUDARSCHEM 
Dear Sir / Madam,
Sub : Transcript of Analysts / Institutional Investors Conference Call 
 
We are enclosing herewith transcript of the conference call with Analysts / Institutional Investors, 
which took place on Friday, 14th August, 2026, after the announcement of Unaudited Financial 
Results (Stand-alone and Consolidated) for the quarter ended 30th June, 2026.  
 
The said transcript is also uploaded on the website of the Company at www.sudarshan.com.  
Kindly take the same on record.
Thanking You,
Yours Faithfully, 
For SUDARSHAN CHEMICAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED
 
 
MANDAR VELANKAR 
GENERAL COUNSEL AND COMPANY SECRETARY
 
Encl: As above. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mandar 
Meenanath 
Velankar
Digitally signed by 
Mandar Meenanath 
Velankar 
Date: 2026.08.20 
10:48:18 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
Earnings Call for Q1 FY2027 Financial Results” 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Rajesh Rathi – Chairman & Managing Director 
Mr. Amitabha Mukhopadhyay – Non-Executive and 
Non-Independent Director 
Mr. Nilkanth Natu – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Amey Athalye – Vice President, Finance 
 
 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Sudarshan Chemical Industries 
Limited earnings call for Q1 FY2027 Financial Results. Please note all participant lines will 
be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded. With that, I hand 
over the call to Mr. Ranjit Cirumalla from IIFL Capital. Thank you and over to you. 
Ranjit Cirumalla: 
Thank you, Swapnil. Good morning, everyone. Ranjit Cirumalla here from IIFL Capital.                
We are pleased to host the conference call with the management of Sudarshan Chemical 
Industries Limited to discuss earnings performance, followed by an interactive Q&A session 
post declaration of its Q1 FY2027 results. From the management, we have with us today              
Mr. Rajesh Rathi, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Amitabha Mukhopadhyay,                 
Non-Independent, Non-Executive Director; Mr. Nilkanth Natu, Chief Financial Officer; and 
Mr. Amey Athalye, Vice President Finance. I now request Mr. Rathi to begin the proceedings. 
Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Thank you, IIFL Capital and Ranjit for hosting us. It is a pleasure and thank you all for 
spending your valuable time in joining this call. I am truly excited to share our journey with 
you. Giving a small introduction to people who have joined the first time on the call giving 
you some background. More than 18 months ago, March 2025, Sudarshan kind of merged 
their business with Clariant and Heubach together to form one of the most value creating 
pigment leaders rooted in customer centricity, agility and innovation and this new entity 
would really create a new benchmark for the color industry. In total, just to give you a 
footprint now globally we have 19 manufacturing sites in 11 countries in five continents.               
We have more than 1600 products, more than 4000 global customers;, turnover close to EUR 
1 billion and we are on the way to really boost our EBITDA. If you see our plants, our plants 
are very well spread across the globe, but the most competitive advantage for Sudarshan 
against any other player is that 55% to 60% of our assets are based in Asia and that is a big 
competitive advantage for us. We also are very proud of our technical marketing centers and 
again this provides us to provide a differentiated solution to our customers. 
 
Before I actually go on to the Q1 performance, I wanted to give you a flavor on how the 
integration is going and what gives us the confidence that it has really laid down a very strong 
foundation. It has been a remarkable transformation journey for Sudarshan and I have been 
blessed to lead this journey. If you go two to three years ago, our sales were in the tune of 
about Rs.2000 Crores with EBITDA in the range of Rs.200 Crores to Rs.250 Crores and a 
net debt of about Rs.800 to 900 Crores with peak at, Rs.922 Crores. Today, what we are, we 
are almost four times the revenue, four times our EBITDA and our net debt is reduced by 
60%. What we aspire to be is really seven times of what our EBITDA was in 2023 and also 
reach a debt-free level and that is our aspiration going forward. So just to remind you, when 
we took over this business, this business was driven by silos, regions,  and there was no 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
unified culture or a unified approach. What we feel very proud that we have created is one 
Sudarshan culture, one aim, one goal for every one of us to work together. We are very happy 
and proud to say that we have opened our second global headquarters in Frankfurt. 
 
There were critical gaps in the leadership pipeline. If you look at finance, HR, legal, IT, and 
supply chain, there were very big critical gaps and we have been able to get very good talent 
now and set up a very good organization structure and again that gives us a great confidence 
to boost our governance and our performance. There were complete lack of harmonized 
reporting systems. We are still working on more than four different SAPs and 130 different 
applications, so this adds to a lot of complexity and very difficult to get any financial 
information on this. What we are moving towards, we have set up a very good interim MIS, 
and are moving towards an advanced One SAP project, we call it Project Integra and we 
expect to go live with our integrated system and reducing a lot of complexities in this financial 
year. 
 
When we started looking at the business, the EBITDA was almost zero, today we have 
registered a strong EBITDA in Q1 of the acquired group of Rs.146 Crores in Q1 and feel very 
happy and satisfied with this performance. There were big cash flow issues and very high 
debt in the books when we acquired the business. Very glad to tell you that we have already 
been able to reduce the debt from the peak when we took over the business it was at Rs.922 
Crores and we have brought this down in less than 18 months to Rs.531 Crores and this 
journey will continue. So some of the priorities which we have kind of looked at, customer 
centricity have been at the core and we have been expanding or developing our products and 
our technical marketing is doing a great job and product management with great partnership 
with our customers which makes a big difference. We have now set up a world class customer 
service organization to ensure that the customer service is topnotch. In terms of value capture 
or cost reduction, this has been a continuous focus and one of the most important areas along 
with customer centricity, which we have been driving and today’s performance, which we 
see, is majorly backed by this initiative. In terms of the org and operating model, we have set 
up a global capability center in Pune. We are also ensuring that we build center of excellence 
in this global capability center. One culture, I described this what we are doing and we have 
also set up second global headquarters. I spoke about SAP and I think we are very happy that 
we would be going ahead and completing Project Integra or the One SAP project in this 
financial year. 
 
Coming now actually to the Q1 numbers, first I think looking at a little bit of the Middle East 
crisis, as you all are aware, we are not very different to face these issues. We have faced 
energy cost spikes everywhere in Europe, in India, substantially where our substantial assets 
are based. We have seen increase in raw material costs, logistic costs have increased, but 
more importantly this whole logistic cycle has increased by two weeks and because of so 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
many uncertainties, many customers across industry have been kind of delaying their 
purchases, they do not want to create stocks, etc., from that perspective and that kind of has 
been one of the areas. What we have done to address each of them is our procurement has 
ensured that we have enough safety stocks so that the continuity of business is there, at the 
same time supply chain is ensuring that we have the right inventory at the right place so that 
we do not overstock and have high-cost inventories. Our logistics, we had to increase some 
of our inventories in our subsidiaries because the longer logistic times and sales, we are 
working very closely with customers to ensure that we deliver the best solution. 
 
If you look at our Q1 performance, the Q1 performance has been very robust. There are three 
areas one is first, the first four columns talk about legacy Sudarshan. Then the blue-shaded 
column talks about the acquired group and last column talks about the pigment as global and 
that has just been very happy to share that now the numbers, what we have delivered looks 
solid and we are now confident that we can continue building on this journey. Legacy 
Sudarshan, you see a good increase in sales. I would say we should be able to continue a 
performance of in the region of 12% to 13% in that work mark figure from that perspective. 
In terms of acquired group, given all the geopolitical situation, we have still been able to grow 
by 5%. The good part is if you look at the reported and business EBITDA, we have been able 
to do a very good job in the acquired group. We have grown the business EBITDA from 
Rs.65 Crores to Rs.128 Crores and of course the reported EBITDA from Rs.78 Crores to 
Rs.146 Crores and as one Sudarshan delivered EBITDA for the pigment business of Rs.275 
Crores. Now, I will request Mr. Natu to provide details on the financial performance  
Nilkanth Natu:  
Thank you Mr. Rathi. As Mr. Rathi has mentioned, we started this year with a strong Q1 with 
a revenue of Rs.2600 plus Crores and with a business EBITDA of Rs.257 Crores. As we 
mentioned in the couple of quarters earlier, we started reporting the business EBITDA and 
just to remind, the business EBITDA is the operating profit from the actual sales without the 
impact of any inventory changes. So reported EBITDA for the acquired group for the quarter 
under consideration is Rs.146 Crores and the inventoried overhead impact due to increase in 
inventory is Rs.18 Crores and so the EBITDA number is Rs.128 Crores. For the RIECO 
business, we had one of the tough quarters to start with. The revenue from operations is at 
Rs. 38 Crores and we had faced challenges in the execution due to delays in the customer side 
readiness and also in some sites due to the subcontracting manpower availability and this 
reduction in the revenue has led to the EBITDA drop. As we mentioned earlier, we are in the 
transformation journey for the RIECO business. We remain confident about the business and 
recovery in the coming quarters. This slide gives the business performance for One 
Sudarshan, including RIECO business. 
 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
So just to recapture the key numbers, the revenue from operations is Rs.2642 Crores with the 
business EBITDA of Rs.247 Crores and the reported EBITDA of Rs.266 Crores for the 
quarter under review showing around 60% plus growth year-on-year and 5% in terms of the 
revenue. In terms of the key financial ratios for One Sudarshan, we are in a very healthy 
situation as far as the balance sheet is concerned. The earnings per share for the quarter, which 
is not annualized is Rs.12.3 per share, return on capital employed is at 22.7% and which is a 
very strong number; however, just to mention here the return on capital employed number 
reported is based on the annualized number. We have a strong quarter to start with and we 
expect the year to be also better subject to the seasonality, which we normally see in Q3. 
 
As far as the net debt number is concerned, we are at Rs.531 Crores and that gives us a good 
leverage ratio of 0.2 in terms of the debt-to-equity and net working capital on annualized 
number is at 23.6%. So, overall on the balance sheet and the key ratios, the performance is 
good and shows the solid position on the balance sheet. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Thank you. On looking at the outlook, I think, as we mentioned, we have entered FY2027 
with a strong profitability momentum and a growing conviction in its long-term position as 
one of the largest global pigment platforms, backed by a very broad technology depth and a 
global manufacturing footprint. I think this kind of sets up on the stage. We also feel much 
better in control of our global business now and it has set up a very strong foundation for us. 
On our ongoing, mid-term basis, we have to navigate the challenging market environment 
given the current geopolitical situation and we will do that with all prudence. Our priorities 
still remain very strongly embedded for the year. Value capture remains very, very important, 
our cost reduction still remains a very important driver, which will drive our profitability 
growth. We want to ensure that we are able to release some cash also from the working capital 
in the remaining year. SAP and GCC again remain a very important priority for us. We feel 
very confident to deliver the numbers, which we had stated and we have given a turnover 
guidance of Eur 700 million and EBITDA of EUR 35 million for the acquired group . Though 
the Q1 performance has been much stronger, currently we are not revising our guidelines 
given the geopolitical situation. We want to do a wait and watch situation and come back to 
and reconsider this after Q1. Thank you very much.. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may click on the raise hand icon from 
the participants tab on your screen. We request participants to restrict to two questions each 
and then return to the queue for more questions. To rejoin the queue, you may click on the 
raise hand icon again. We will wait for a few minutes until the question queue assembles. We 
are taking a first question now. We have Sanjesh Jain of ICICI Securities. Sanjesh, please go 
ahead. 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Good morning, Sir. Thanks for taking my questions. I got a few of them. First on the Q1 
number, just wanted to understand the underlying growth because if I adjust for the currency 
depreciation because we now have a very large international business, which has a translation 
gain and the price increase because of the raw material inflation, it appears that this quarter 
at least the underlying volume has declined? In this backdrop, we are expecting a very solid 
growth over next two years, which is over 20% growth at the lower end of the guidance, now, 
what gives us the confidence that being a number one player we will grow at least 2 to 2.5x 
that of an industry growth rate while this quarter implies some decline in the volume? That is 
my first question. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Firstly, I think, great question. I would say that the inference that the volume as a decline may 
not be very accurate given a very broad spectrum of our product range. We sell our product 
range from €1 to €130 to €140, we are not able to kind of set that aside; however, given that 
we have seen a modest growth of 6% this quarter in spite of the geopolitical situation. We 
must remember that last year Q1 included a lot of sales from the March onwards when we 
have taken over the business because on the acquired entity we were doing live with some of 
the SAP areas, so the growth is better than that. What gives us confidence in delivering both 
growth and EBITDA, I would say, let me talk about first EBITDA. As I mentioned, it is a lot 
of value capture still coming in. We have not seen the full value capture into the numbers and 
that journey will continue and that is completely in our control. In terms of growing of the 
business, this is a business which has lost a lot of business and we are looking to recover the 
business, so we are not saying that we will try and grow completely out of line, etc., but there 
is a lot of scope where we can retain some of the lost business. The business was lost because 
of various reasons, lack of focus, the insolvency issues, etc. So, this gives us the confidence 
of why we would deliver robustly. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it, Sir. Sir one related question to this, you said that there is a lot of value yet to be 
captured. When you talk about the value these are the cost efficiency benefit and if it is then 
how much of this journey from 800 to 1400, 1500 will be led by the revenue growth and how 
much of it is the benefit of the value capturing that we are talking about? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
I think the numbers are very clear. Substantially, this would come from cost reduction or 
value capture. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
My second question is on the capex plan. We have a large capacity can you help us in terms 
of where are we in the utilization cycle and do we envisage any large capex requirement either 
from a product development category, new product or backward integration that we foresee 
in the next 12 to 18 months? 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Rajesh Rathi: 
From a volume perspective, we do not need any new capex we have enough capacities to 
grow on the numbers which we have indicated; however, we are looking at some special 
initiative, either backward integration or special projects and these are determined by the ROI 
and if the return is good we are going to do this. We do not expect any substantial there would 
be some moderate capex. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. One last question on the gross profit margin. This quarter we did probably one of the 
highest margins which is 54% how do we see gross profit margin and was there any benefit 
of lower inventory, which we were carrying, which may normalize going in next one to two 
quarter and what would be the impact if raw material prices start reversing again and there 
have already been approved prices which have fallen down substantially from the peak? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So actually, if you look at the business gross margins, the gross margin will not be that high. 
Now the gross margin movement from last quarter to this quarter on a basis will be about 2%, 
out of this 2% movement I would attribute this to kind of looking at some cost reduction 
areas, which have come in yields, in utilities, production, etc.,  and there is a very minor, I 
would say, one-off areas. So I would say that we should continue to be in the range of 50% 
plus of gross margin. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Thanks. Just one question to add here. 
Moderator: 
Just a request, would you like to please rejoin the queue, if you have any follow-up. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
I will come back in the queue. Thank you, Sir. Thank you for answering all the questions and 
best of luck for the coming quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sanjesh. We will take our next question now. Before that just to remind all the 
participants please restrict to two questions each and then return to the queue for a followup. 
We have Ankur Periwal of Axis Capital. Ankur, please unmute your microphone. Yes. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on good set of numbers. First question is on 
the guidance. Now, while we are building in 5% to let us 7% sort of a revenue CAGR 
depending upon the range that we are looking at over the next let us say two to three years 
how much of this will be volume and how much of this will be value? Value could be here, 
more premiumization, etc., and related question on the margin side the synergy benefits of 
the value capture that you mentioned is still pending, over what timelines are you going to 
achieve that, is it 2028 only or probably it will sort of flow through in 2029 also? 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Rajesh Rathi: 
As I described, our product portfolio is very complex now. Like we have said, we sell our 
product which is €1 and we sell our product which is €130, so cost looking at either value 
growth or volume growth, will not, it is important that we grow and the growth is profitable. 
The growth should not hamper our gross margin and that is what we are really focused on 
here so that is the first area. The second is the value capture will be continuous, we will be 
delivering more value capture in terms of FY2027-FY2028, major portion will be FY2027-
FY2028, some will be, of course, some of the 2028 value capture will also flow into the 2029. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure, Sir. Thanks for that and a second question on the balance sheet side on the debt 
repayment. What are our plans on the debt repayment side, given that, a lot of debt also sits 
on the global side and, secondly, on RIECO, earlier, we had plans to hive off that business, 
any revised thoughts on the same? Thanks. 
Amitabha Mukhopadhyay :The acquisition debt what we had availed, very small part of it we have prepaid and we will 
be repaying some of the loan. As our net debt position is improving as visible in the 
presentation, we think we will be able to accelerate the payment of the acquisition debt. On 
RIECO, the first quarter, we had faced certain execution challenges primarily because some 
of the subcontractors have faced difficulty with labor availability. We expect the things to 
normalize from the current quarter onwards. We are confident that before the year end it will 
be posting a positive number that is the work that we are trying to do. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Summary is that a transformation of RIECO will continue and we will continue to see how 
we can get the better numbers. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question coming in from Rohit Nagraj of 360 One Capital. 
Rohit, please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Again, on the guidance front, given that for FY2029 for the consolidated business we have 
significant improvement from FY2027 to FY2029 almost 16% to 17% CAGR at the higher 
end and on the EBITDA front also it is closer to doubling, on the EBITDA front do we expect 
that the acquired business will have margins of almost touching to double digits and 
historically have they anytime done that? Thank you. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Historically they did do double digits always consistently and as I described the journey to 
the earlier question was on the sales side we are looking at a lot of business regain and on the 
EBITDA side we are looking at a lot of value capture initiatives.  For FY2029, we have been 
holding this from day one this is not a new guidance. 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. Got that Sir. Sir second question is, in the last three to five months have we taken any 
material price increases and have they been completely absorbed, obviously there will be an 
element of the RM cost inflation, but we do not expect that the pricing should again correct 
and that may lead to some impact on the margins? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
I did not follow your question, Rohit. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
I will repeat it. Thank you. So in the last three to five months in our portfolio have we taken 
any price increases across our product portfolio, obviously there will be one element, which 
will be because of the input cost inflation and another element could be from the demand 
supply dynamics is it that these prices will sustain going forward or if the demand supply 
situation again gets impacted we will have to reverse a part of that? Thank you. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So most of our price increases right now have been only to pass on whatever cost increases 
we have experienced. In order to build a trusted customer we have been very particular not 
to take any advantage of the demand and supply situation, so if the raw material prices kind 
of soften, etc., oil prices soften etc., at that point we will only reverse some of the pricing. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. Thanks a lot. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Rohit. We will take our next question now. We have Nitesh Dhoot of Anand 
Rathi. Nitesh, please go ahead. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Hi, team. Good morning and congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question is 
if you could lay down the strategy behind acquiring the 70% stake in Sudarshan Colorants 
from the overseas subsidiaries what is the rationale behind that? Is it like any cash transfer 
that we are probably looking at from the parent to the European entities for any deleveraging 
purpose or what exactly is the thought process behind that? 
Amitabha Mukhopadhyay: So, this decision that it was envisaged right at the beginning. At the time of acquisition, we 
have gone for indirect acquisition that is because of financing reason, it became simpler to 
acquire this entity through its earlier holding structure, but that time itself it was a plan that 
eventually we would like to hold these shares directly from Sudarshan Chemical and we are 
now just carrying on. It is only within the group holding structure rationalization, which was 
planned earlier itself. There is nothing further to that and we do not see this will have any 
impact on the business. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Alright, Sir and my second one is, if you look at the notes to the consolidated financial results, 
note number nine that is after June 30, 2026 a wholly owned subsidiary signed an agreement 
with an employee representative body for an employee restructuring program and the impact 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
has not been quantified, so is that a European Works Council deal and does it mean that a 
restructuring charge is coming up in Q2 or Q3 and if that is the case how much would that 
charge be and whether that is built in your EBITDA guidance for FY2027? 
Amitabha Mukhopadhyay: As it was mentioned in the note, right now the quantification was not possible. By the end 
of Q2 I think we should have clarity on the quantification of this. As of now, we cannot 
provide anything more than that because the numbers are quite fluid, so by next quarter, we 
will be able to provide some more color. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Alright, Sir. Thanks a lot for answering my question. I wish you the best for the coming 
quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Nitesh. We have Archit Joshi of Nuvama with his question now. Archit, please 
unmute your microphone. 
Archit Joshi: 
Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks a lot for the opportunity. Sir, if you can share your 
thoughts on the four key application areas industry wise that we cater to, your outlook on that 
from a near term perspective, how we are seeing demand and let us say paints, packaging, 
plastics, inks and some of the other specialty applications that you have started to cater to 
now, especially after the Heubach acquisition? So, your thoughts, Sir. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
If you look at the coatings market, the current situation in US, both the decorative market, 
which is the house paint market and the automotive have been subdued and both in US and 
Europe perspective. If you look at plastics, this is probably short term, given the whole 
geopolitical situation there has been a substantial increase in polymer prices and that is where 
I think our customers are running, the whole value chain has tied up they do not want to keep 
high cost inventories and, there is a hand to mouth kind of supply situation and that is why 
you see the cycles in plastics. In printing inks, the volume driven printing ink has been a little 
bit on the decline market in general as a long-term trend given the digitalization, so the 
volume driven market has declined; however, some of the specialty markets where there are 
stringent regulations for packaging, etc., that market has been on that spectrum. We have kind 
of divided it into special applications, which is several applications there, which is agro, 
which is digital inks, etc., that market we are seeing very good growth. 
Archit Joshi: 
Got it Sir. Sir my second one on the RM basket, prior to the acquisition a few important RM 
that we used to track as analysts like Beta-naphthol, 2B acid, 4B acid, firstly how are they 
placed in terms of the existing supply chain and after the acquisition how has your RM basket 
widened, which would be the critical raw materials that would be requiring now, let us say 
for the specialty pigments or even if we have broadened our azo pigment portfolio, so if you 
can share that would be really helpful? Thank you. 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Rajesh Rathi: 
I think we look at various categories of raw materials. So the categories would not have 
changed, like for example, let us say benzene, toluene, acetic acid or analyte driven, nicotine 
driven benzene. So I think what a prosperous driven market or categories, but what has 
changed in our product mix, azo is good but I think high performance has grown substantially 
and our pigment dispersion business has grown substantially and that those categories then 
become more important. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sure Sir, would the same RM be used for these azo and specialties would that be a fair 
assumption? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
No, they are different. 
Archit Joshi: 
So those are also certain special polymers or something that you would require, if you can 
name that will be really helpful to track the underlying RM? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
It is like phosphorus driven category becomes important there and then there are very specific 
categories, which we can share with you offline later. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sure that works Sir. Thanks and all the best for the coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Archit. We have Rashmi Gohil of Arihant Capital with a question. Rashmi, please 
go ahead. 
Rashmi Gohil: 
Good morning. Thanks for giving me this opportunity. Q1 revenue analyzes to roughly 
Rs.10,600 Crores, which is already above the top end of your Rs.9800 to Rs.10,200 Crores 
FY2027 guidance while business EBITDA margin 9.4% is running ahead of what Rs.800 
Crores EBITDA, which implies on that revenue base, are you reaffirming FY2027 guidance 
as is, or is there upside bias and how much of this Q1 strength was one-off? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Madam, great question from your side, but as I mentioned that I think our results are solid, 
there are not many one offs, there may be a few areas, and that is why we are bringing out 
the business EBITDA from that perspective. However, as I said, given the current geopolitical 
situation, we want to do a wait-and-watch look at how Q2 comes out and hence we are not 
revising our guidelines currently. We will revisit this at end of Q2. 
Rashmi Gohil: 
My next question is what is the phasing assumption for acquired group margin improvement 
through FY2027, is 6% to 7% the new steady state or is there a path back towards Sudarshan 
legacy like margins 15% plus? 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Rajesh Rathi: 
For our guidance which we have been given, I do not think the guidance would be 15% but 
the area where we would want to look at how far the acquired group is in high single digits 
or low double digits. 
Rashmi Gohil: 
Thank you so much. All the very best for the next upcoming quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Rashmi. We will take our next question now. We have Gaatha Jain of Monomer 
Capital. Gaatha, please go ahead. 
Gaatha Jain: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. I am a little new to the Company, so my question 
might be very basic. I just wanted to understand the contract part of our business, how do we 
have the contract with our clients, is it like a long-term contract or a short-term contract and 
are we able to pass on the raw material prices in terms of contract? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
With your questions it does not seem you are new to the Company I think great questions. I 
think our business is quite a repetitive business, so to change any of the pigments in the 
coating industry is a substantially long period and it will depend from customer-to-customer 
but it may take anywhere between one to two years and if it is automotive paint it would even 
take five years, so that way it is a sticky business. Generally what we like to do is we would 
love to negotiate quarterly prices with our customers and in a steady state of the business that 
business kind of flows in, but when there are these current ups and downs in the geopolitical 
and raw materials move, and costs move, we look at passing on those increases. 
Gaatha Jain: 
Alright. Thank you so much. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Gaatha. We have Pratham Kankariya of Quantum AMC Private Limited. 
Pratham, please unmute your microphone. 
Pratham Kankariya: 
Thanks. Sir, just one question. So, India business has grown much faster, so in past you have 
mentioned that you would be transferring some products from the Germany base to India 
base, so is that the same effect which we are seeing in the India business? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
There is some business which are intercompany businesses do, which we have gained from 
that perspective, so partially that is correct. Either we have been producing here and selling 
in and vice versa, so it does have that impact. 
Pratham Kankariya: 
How should we see margins going forward assuming there might be some gain with the low 
cost inventory that we had on raw material basis? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
As we described, at the One Sudarshan level, if you see both together there are not many one 
offs. Going forward we have already given the guidance of how we look forward to this. 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Pratham Kankariya: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Pratham. We have Viraj Mahadevia of MoneyGrow with his question now. Viraj, 
please unmute your microphone. 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
I am new to the Company but congratulations on an astute bit of deal making here with 
Heubach. Quick question, Sir. Before Heubach started its troubles a few years ago it used to 
be a billion euro topline business, Sudarshan more recently has done Rs.9000 Crores in 
topline, so the combination of the two do you see a more aggressive growth, revenue growth 
going forward as you can build effectively another Sudarshan out of this acquisition in terms 
of topline or are you being more selective and measured in your revenue growth because you 
are cutting off unprofitable some business or you have excessive China competition in certain 
product lines, can you give us some view around why the revenue growth will not be more 
aggressive in the next two to three years? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Great question, Sir. If you look at Heubach, Heubach was made of two companies that is 
Clariant and the Heubach business. That was integrated and you are right it was about EUR 
one billion , but I think as soon as the integration happened a lot of business was lost and that 
is where I think when we look at our projections what we are looking at is given our current 
market share it is difficult to grow beyond what the market size is going, but we have put in 
a lot of numbers here because we believe there is a substantial opportunity in capturing lost 
sales and that is where I think we are looking at it and I think from EBITDA perspective, also 
looking at how do we reduce costs and ensure that there are lean operations that is where I 
think we improve the EBITDA margins. 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
Yes, Sir I agree on the cost side and the synergies and China plus one coming from India, but 
on the revenue side itself even if Heubach was doing Rs.5000 Crores equivalent of revenue 
after the acquisition that leaves substantial growth to potentially to recapture some of that lost 
business is that on the agenda because you should be able to grow your market share faster 
than the overall market? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Absolutely, Sir and that is where if you see a slide number nine, that is where I think we have 
done our projection on the investor deck from that perspective, where we said we could reach 
Rs.12,000 Crores plus. 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
Great. Thank you very much. 
 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. Requesting participants to please click on the raise hand icon from the 
participants tab, if you wish to ask a question. Any participants? Alright. So, ladies and 
gentlemen we will take that as the last question. I will now hand it over back to the 
management team for their closing remarks. Over to you, management team. 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Thank you. Thank you, Ranjit and IIFL Capital and thank you participants for joining our 
quarterly earnings call. We remain confident in our journey going ahead and looking forward 
to interacting with you in the coming quarters. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions on behalf of 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited, that concludes today’s conference call. Thank you 
all for joining us and you can now click on the leave icon to exit the meeting. Thank you all 
for your participation. 
***** 
