 
 
 
Ref. No.: ABSLAMCL/PS/57/2026-27        
                                                                        July 24, 2026        
 
BSE Limited                                               
                        National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,   
 
                        Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Dalal Street Mumbai - 400 001  
 
                        Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Scrip Code: 543374   
 
 
                        Bandra Kurla Complex, 
  
 
 
 
 
                                    Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051  
                                                                                                 Symbol: ABSLAMC 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)  
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on  
Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, held on  
Tuesday, July 21, 2026.  
 
The 
above 
information 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Company 
at 
https://mutualfund.adityabirlacapital.com/shareholders/financials. 
 
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours sincerely,  
 
For Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
 
 
 
 
Prateek Savla 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ACS 29500 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Prateek Mahesh 
Savla
Digitally signed by Prateek Mahesh 
Savla 
Date: 2026.07.24 17:55:58 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
  
 
“Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
Tuesday, 21st July 2026 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT TEAM: 
 
• MR. A BALASUBRAMANIAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ABSLAMC LIMITED 
• MR. PRADEEP SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – ABSLAMC 
LIMITED  
• MR. PARITOSH CHITTORA – HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
ABSLAMC LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 21st July 2026 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Aditya Birla Sun Life Asset Management 
Company Limited Q1 FY27 Earning Conference Call hosted by RIK Capital. 
We have with us today from the Management Mr. A. Balasubramanian – Managing Director 
and CEO, Mr. Pradeep Sharma – Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Paritosh Chittora –  
Head Investor Relations. 
As a reminder all participant line will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation conclude. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Before we proceed with this call, I would like to take this opportunity to remind everyone 
about the disclaimer related to this conference call: 
Today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature based on management current beliefs 
and expectations. It must be viewed in conjunction with the risk that the business faces that 
could cause our future result performance or achievement to differ significantly from what may 
be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statement. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. A. Balasubramanian Thank you and over to you sir. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Thank you all for joining the call for Q1 FY27 Investors 
Call. I hope you all had the opportunity to read through the Earnings Presentation. It's available 
on both the stock exchanges and our company website. 
Let me begin by sharing our perspective on the current macroeconomic environment. The 
global economy as is known has shown real resilience this quarter navigating the uncertainty 
from the West Asia conflict with the limited impact on activity so far. We continue to have 
uneasy kind of calm. The IMF projects global growth moderating to about 3% in 2026 and 
before improving to 3.4% FY27. As war-related disruption gives way to the strengthening of 
AI and technology investment cycle. 
Inflation may rise modestly keeping Central Banks cautious on easing. Risk from geopolitics, 
commodities and trade fragmentation remains but outlook is more balanced with the resilient 
demand and technology-led productivity gains. India has handled this crisis better than most 
energy importing economies held by diversified imports, timely policy actions and strong 
buffers and regulated fuel pricing. 
That said, the higher import costs have pressured the external account with some pass-through 
into domestic prices. That is why we are seeing the FCNR deposit also being announced by 
RBI. And growth remains supported by strong private consumption and steady services, 
improving investment and healthy balance sheet of companies and continuing government 
CAPEX. 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 21st July 2026 
Page 3 of 15 
 
The key risk is the monsoon, with the IMD expecting below-normal rainfall due to El Niño. 
Though comfortable foodgrain stocks, healthy reservoirs, and better supply management 
should soften any food prices impact compared to the past years. 
Overall, the near-term challenges are real, India remains on track to be among the fastest-
growing major economies. 
Coming specific to the equity markets, Indian equities were volatile but broadly resilient into 
this quarter, with sentiment shaped by domestic strength, earnings expectations, FII flows, and 
global developments. And while large caps stayed range-bound amid bouts of profit booking 
and broader markets outperformed with the Nifty Midcap 150 and Nifty Smallcap 250 both 
posting gains. FII outflow at various points sustained domestic institutional flows and 
improving macro fundamentals helped Indian equities to close the quarter on a stable note. 
Coming to update on the mutual fund industry, the quarterly average AUM stood at ₹83.14 
lakh crore as on 30th June 2026 compared to ₹72.13 lakh crore as on 30th June 2025, 
registering year-on-year growth of 15%. 
The SIP contribution for industry stood about ₹31,780 crores for June 2026, representing year-
on-year growth about 17%. Total mutual fund folios were at ₹29.1 crores as on June 2026, 
growing by 19% year-on-year, with unique customers close to about ₹5.7 crores. 
During Q1 FY 2027, the industry saw total NFO collection of approximately ₹4,759 crores 
across equity and debt mutual funds, with equity collections driven by index funds, aggressive 
hybrid funds, and value funds. Despite equity market volatility, industry witnessed continuous 
flows into various schemes, highlighting sustained investor confidence in the long-term growth 
potential of Indian equities, though we witnessed marginal slowdown in the overall SIP flows. 
Individual average AUM for June 2026 stood at ₹51.08 lakh crore, contributing for 61% of the 
total AUM. B-30 cities an average AUM of ₹13.6 lakh crores accounted for 18.5% of the total 
AUM, growing by 13% year-on-year. 
Coming to the ABSL AMC performance highlights. At ABSL AMC, we are pleased to 
announce that overall average AUM, including Alternate assets, surpassed the ₹6 lakh crores 
milestone this quarter and now stands at ₹6.28 lakh crore, reflecting robust 42% year-on-year 
growth. This includes the mandate received from both ESIC and EPFO. EPFO got added in 
the last quarter. Therefore, overall average assets for about one and a half months got added to 
the overall assets under management. We are pleased to share that we have been entrusted the 
EPFO mandate approximately about ₹6.08 lakh crore. With this landmark addition, our closing 
total AUM as on 30th June 2026 has crossed the ₹10 lakh crore milestone. This achievement 
reflects the trust and confidence our clients and partners have placed in us over the years and 
stands a testament to the strength of our franchise and investment capability. 
 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 21st July 2026 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Our mutual fund quarterly average AUM stood at ₹4.28 lakh crore, representing 6% year-on-
year increase. Within this, our equity mutual fund quarterly average AUM stood at 
approximately ₹1.99 lakh crores and growing about 10% year-on-year. Our equity mix for the 
quarter stood at 46.5%. 
Our SIP contribution for June 2026 stood at ₹1,085 crores, supported by 40 lakh folios 
contributing to the SIP account. The total investors folio for June 2026 stood at 1.11 crore, 
with the new SIP registrations for the quarter is approximately 5.5 lakh new SIP registrations. 
Our SIP book remains a cornerstone of our long-term wealth creation strategy. Through 
campaigns like Sabse Important Plan, we continue to reinforce the value of discipline and 
systematic investing. 
To take our SIP book to the next level, we have launched focused initiatives for both employees 
and partners. We expect these to drive our stronger outcome in the quarters ahead. Though we 
have seen this quarter a marginal reduction in the SIP book, something we continue to remain 
a big focus area to drive to the next level of growth momentum. Our investment performance 
continues to demonstrate strong consistency and meaningful improvement across both our 
equity and hybrid portfolios. For the past year, we remain focused on strengthening our 
investment capability, enhancing our investment team, and refining our portfolio construction 
investment framework. In fact, it is reflecting on the overall performance improvement, not 
just only in the short term, even in the medium-to-long term, our performance has been 
showing an improvement. 
These efforts have translated into significant, not only performance, it also strengthened the 
investors’ confidence and supported healthy inflows across our flagship offerings such as Flexi 
Cap, Balanced Advantage Fund, Mid Cap, Multi-Cap, Small Cap, Index Fund, where we have 
seen the inflows on a month-on-month basis showing an improvement. In fact, most of these 
funds now also feature on the recommendation list of our banking channel partners, which will 
further support flows in going forward. In fact, this quarter, our product got added to the two 
of the large banks as part of the recommendation list, which I hope to improve the overall sales 
numbers from these channels as we move forward. Strengthening and expanding our 
distribution network remains our key priority in order to improve the overall sales productivity. 
In fact, I have undertaken what’s called Yatra across various cities in India in order to meet all 
our distribution partners and the investment community at large. These interactions have 
brought several insights from the ground, what customers are thinking and how we are 
perceived by the market, which has given us a great confidence that we are on the right track 
towards growth, building on the legacy, goodwill, and market equity that we have garnered 
over the decades. Technology and innovation remain at the heart of our customer-first 
approach. Our efforts to enhance the overall investors’ experience. As part of a digital 
transformation journey, we have launched series of technology-led initiatives. Our Gen AI-
powered chatbot is designed to engage investors early in their decision journey, understand 
their needs, and guide them towards relevant investment actions without requiring human 
intervention. 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 21st July 2026 
Page 5 of 15 
 
We also launched our new distributors and investors app, enabling enhanced portfolio tracking, 
seamless transactions, and improved business management. In addition, our WhatsApp-
enabled servicing platform helps investors and partners access services more conveniently and 
efficiently. Turning to our Alternate business, we witnessed good growth during the year. Our 
PMS and AIF assets increased about ₹28,650 crore as of Q1 FY26 to nearly ₹2 lakh crore, 
which includes the EPFO flows. This growth was largely supported by ESIC and EPFO 
mandate, which I mentioned about it earlier. We also launched the ABSL Select Sector Fund 
during the current quarter. The fundraising is still underway. Along with that, we also have 
fund launches, which is a Structured Opportunity Fund II, a Money Manager Fund, an India 
Select Sector Fund. In addition to the Special Opportunity Fund Series II, in order to build our 
PMS and AIF portfolio. 
These offerings broadly in line with the investors’ demand and from differentiated portfolio 
and investment opportunity point of view. In our real estate business, our AUM stood at 
approximately ₹700 crore, reflecting a 25% year-over-year growth. Fundraising is currently 
underway for the Aditya Birla Real Estate Credit Opportunities Fund - Series II, which focuses 
on senior secured lending opportunities and post-approval brownfield real estate projects 
across Tier-1 cities. With the recent grant of our retail license at GIFT City, we are enabling 
NRIs and global investors to seamlessly access both inbound investment into India and 
outbound opportunities across global markets. Building on this momentum, fundraising is 
currently underway in our ABSL Flexi Cap Fund, which is a feeder fund. We have seen a 
marginal success in this space to get money from NRI investors to invest in India feeder fund 
through the Flexi Cap Fund. 
We are also on track to launch a retail product via GIFT City in the upcoming quarter, including 
emerging market equity fund and India growth fund, and also launch series of index funds to 
invest in global markets. With a growing product suite and GIFT City global investment 
ecosystem, we are well-placed to build a scalable offshore franchise in the coming years. Let 
me now turn to our passive business, which remains one of our key strategic focus. We 
continue to see significant opportunities in this segment and remain committed to building 
leadership position through a comprehensive product suite, a strong distribution network, and 
strength of our brand. To further strengthen our business in this space, we recently appointed 
Hemen Bhatia as Head of our Passives, along with a team of people under him. 
He brings more than two decades of experience in building passive and ETF business in India, 
we assume he will play a critical role in driving product innovation, strengthening investment 
capability, and accelerating growth in this segment, as well as add new customer base through 
this business model. During FY27, our passive quarterly average AUM stood at approximately 
₹40,000 crore, representing 14% year-over-year growth. Our investor base also continued to 
expand, with the total folio reaching about 17.4 lakh. Within passive, our ETF franchise 
delivered particularly strong momentum. ETF quarterly average AUM grew by about 47% 
year-over-year, significantly ahead of the industry growth, about 29%. Today, our passive 
product suite comprises of 52 offerings spanning equities, fixed income, and commodities, the 
solution, enabling us to carry out the broadest spectrum of individual portfolios. 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 21st July 2026 
Page 6 of 15 
 
In the Apex SIF segment, we launched our first SIF, the Apex SIF - Hybrid Long Short Fund, 
backed by our strong investment team. Before building our size in this space, we want to 
establish performance track record for six months. Now that six months is over, now we start 
building a size in this space. In order to build further momentum, we are also now preparing 
to launch two more SIFs, equity long short fund and Equity Ex-Top 100 Long-Short Fund. 
This additional further scale our SIF platform, tapping into the new product segmentation, 
which I think we can build size. Also to support this business, we strengthened this team by 
adding two more specialists to run these products for us.  
Moving to financials, Q1 FY27 total revenue is about ₹625 crore as compared to ₹565 crore 
in Q1 FY26, up by 11% year-over-year. Q1 FY27 profit before tax was ₹406 crore as compared 
to ₹372 crore in Q1 FY 2026, up by 9% year-on-year. Q1 FY27 profit after tax, ₹309 crore as 
compared to ₹277 crore in Q1 FY 2026, up by 12% year-on-year. With this, I would like to 
open the floor for any questions that you may have. 
I will be joined by Pradeep to take any of the questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. 
Our first question comes from the line of Swarnabha Mukherjee with 360 ONE Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Two, three questions from my side. First of all, sir, if I 
were to calculate the yield for the, you know, primarily focusing on, you know, the active part 
of the business and, you know, keeping out the AUM for the ESIC and the EPFO mandate, I 
mean, I can, by my calculation, I am seeing some increase in yield. Just wanted to understand 
whether, you know, this is the right approach and, you know, the increase, how should we 
think about it? Is this an outcome of the TER regulation? And we have actually slightly 
benefited, if you could highlight on that. 
Second is also if you could call out the segment-wise yield, that would be very helpful. Thirdly, 
sir, wanted to understand on the employee expense part, what is the reason for the increase and 
is there anything one-off there? And also, if you could call out the ESOP number in that. Yes, 
this will be my question, sir. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Sure. Just ask Pradeep to answer 
Pradeep Sharma: 
So, Swarnabha, this BER actually, now, this was effective from 1st April, 2026. So, that has 
been rolled out completely. And we have optimized the commission structure along with the 
management of cost. And this is win-win for both, as an AMC for us, as well as for our partners. 
So, that has been rolled out. And the yield, what is there in Q1, reflects the true picture and 
will be maintained going forward in these levels. 
Yes. So, coming to the yield levels for equity, it is around 63 to 64 basis points. Debt should 
be around 24 to 25 basis points. 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 21st July 2026 
Page 7 of 15 
 
And liquid would be in a range of 12 to 13 basis points. And ETF, around 8 basis points. So, 
these are the yield levels. 
Coming to employee cost, employee cost for this quarter has increased mainly due to the ESOP 
cost. If you remember, we actually rolled out the ESOP for the employees in Q1, from effective 
January 26. So, this is because of that. 
The impact of that is around 10 crores per quarter of the additional employees cost through the 
ESOP. And roughly, the employee cost, which is there in Q1, should continue in the same 
range for coming quarters. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Yes. Okay, sir. Very helpful. Understood that, sir. Just a follow-up on the headline yield 
number that you have mentioned. So, as you said that this is a true picture. 
Now, how should we think about the overall dilution of the yield going forward as our AUM 
increases? And also, if I could squeeze in another question, more on the broader industry level 
that we are seeing this trend that a lot of manufacturers are focusing on the passive side and 
the ETF side and planning to develop that. So, over the next, say, 3-5 years, how would you 
be foreseeing the industry, say, from the active side as well as from the passive side? How 
should we expect things to develop? 
Pradeep Sharma: 
Yes Swarnabha, so by and large the regulatory changes have been now rolled out. And now, 
the only thing which will come in play is the telescoping pricing, which will be based on the 
AUM size, which will grow, right, as you are aware. So, what we can do as a business, we 
would like to maintain our yields, plus, minus, few basis points. Basis the mix which we will 
be working on through the Alternate business. So, we feel that, going forward, the yield should 
be in the similar range, barring one or two basis points here and there, plus the telescoping 
pricing. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Just to add to that, in terms of passive business growth, the way, as Pradeep was mentioning, 
as the size improves, definitely the telescoping pricing will be coming in. But we also believe 
that active will continue to be the dominant asset class when it comes to the question of overall 
momentum growth. But having said that, the passive is something, in order to build choice to 
the customer, at the same time, ensure that asset allocation remains key. 
So, passive is something we have now invested on people who have a passion towards building 
passive. The way we are looking at passive is it should help us build scale and get more. At 
the same time, it has to be an extremely low-cost kind of product. 
So, I think the way we are looking at, it will add to the overall profitable numbers, in terms of 
absolute profit. Of course, the margin could be lower, given the fact that we pass on the 
benefits, both to the customers, as well as in the form of low expenses. But in terms of addition 
of profit, revenue, as well as the bottom line, that is the road map in which I think we are 
planning to drive. 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 21st July 2026 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Even the Gift city to the product that we will be looking at doing, especially for investing in 
overseas markets, that also we are doing with a similar intention. Of course, the expenses could 
be lower than the actively managed funds. But at the same time, given the fact, it could be 
relatively lower. 
But the absolute profit that will add to the scheme will remain high. But in terms of mix, I 
think the way we see is that today, if we look at the passives, about 11 lakh crores, roughly, is 
the size. If you knock off mandate-based investment, the pure retail would be roughly about 
2.5 to 3 lakh crores. Within that, if you take large components coming from gold and silver, 
again, it will remain one of asset class for us to focus, which gives reasonably good profitability 
as well. So, maybe this number will keep rising. At the same time, our intent is actually to 
build size in the key product, which is where we believe that, given the comparable asset class 
in the same size if we take, given the significant improvement of performance that we are 
witnessing, we will focus on building a size in our core product, which is what our current 
focus is. 
While building our base for the passive and ETF fund. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
So, this is very, very helpful, sir. Thank you so much, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, anyone who wishes to ask a question, press star and one. 
Our next question comes from the line of Mohit Mangal with Centrum Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Thanks for the opportunity and good evening, everyone. Sir, you just said that the commission 
was restructured. So, out of five bps, how much was kind of transferred to the distributors? 
Pradeep Sharma: 
So, Mohit, actually, we have optimized the commission structure so that it is win-win for both. 
So, there is no on terms of basis points. So, we have reviewed the entire whole ecosystem of 
commission, and we have ensured that it should remain neutral for everyone and win-win for 
we as an AMC as well as for our distributor partners. And then the outcome is that, by and 
large, our yields also remain intact, and by and large, distributors also maintain their margins. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
See, the broad approach we have taken on this phase is, when you mean by win-win, is 
something neither I can make too much profit nor we can take hit at the same time from 
distributors' point of view also. So, when we re-looked at the whole model and looking at the 
account, this is already the sharing formula that we have. I think the basis which our own 
assessment is that there is no significant benefit or the loss. So, that's the way we approach. 
With the marginal here and there, some benefit would have accrued to us, some benefit would 
have got accrued to distributing community, but broadly we have kept it more like a neutral 
kind of impact. 
 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 21st July 2026 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Mohit Mangal: 
Understood. So, second question is that we have kind of lost market share in SIP as well. So, 
just wanted to know that even your opening comments, you said that your flagship schemes 
have been doing well. So, where are we seeing problems within the SIP? Is this non-flagship 
schemes or how should one look at it? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
No, flagship scheme, our effort has been to build. I think flagship scheme as it is, our 7-8 
flagship schemes we have mentioned, we are seeing improved flows even compared to the last 
year as well as even this quarter too. I think largely our SIP, especially in the ELSS schemes 
we are seeing, generally outflow in the industry and we did have impact on some of the ELSS 
schemes. Even industry this time the cancellation rates are higher than the previous quarter. 
So, to some extent I would say that has added to the, of course sometimes some of the, we have 
seen some cancellation in that. But having said that, the core schemes, that is one of our 
intended core 7-8 schemes that we have identified, is the one where we call it the focus product, 
where we are seeing improvement in terms of SIP registration as well as SIP drive. 
So, this quarter was more or less as a result of what I just mentioned. Then secondly as far as 
the fixed income concerns, I think the volatility that we witnessed in interest rates, especially 
in the month of May, May was actually a little panic month when it comes to fixed income and 
fixed income we do have large size in the non-liquid fund, liquid fund plus category which is 
basically duration based. We did lose some bit of money. 
In fact, all the money has come back in June end and July. At least for a month, I think it 
affected in the month of May, that's why it got impacted in the average asset. Otherwise had it 
gone in the June end, it would not have had an impact. 
They went in the month of May and coming back after a month gap, so it had an impact on the 
overall average assets. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Okay. Data keeping questions. If you can spell out the PMS or AIF for the non-mutual fund 
revenue for the quarter and the SIP AUM? 
Pradeep Sharma: 
SIP AUM is approximately 87,000 crores for quarter. And PMS and AIF contribution, if you 
see contribution on total revenue on gross basis is around 7% for the quarter. And on net 
revenue basis, post payout of commission to distributors is around 4% on overall revenue. 
Mohit Mangal: 
So, out of 4, 63%, 4% would be PMS and AIF revenue, right? 
Pradeep Sharma: 
Yes. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Yes. Understood. So, thank you and wish you all the best for the entire year. Thank you. 
Pradeep Sharma: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lalit Mohan Deo with Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 21st July 2026 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Lalit Mohan Deo: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. So, I have two questions. 
So, firstly, in this particular quarter, you just mentioned that we are seeing some healthy flows 
in our flagship products. So, just wanted to understand if you could give some more color into 
it, like in terms of the market share, how is it tracking with respect to our overall market share 
in flows in those particular schemes? And also, if you could also give some color on the – from 
a channel-wise perspective, like where we are seeing some healthy flows and where we are 
seeing probably some redemptions over there, probably on the distributor side or banking 
channels? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes. See, with respect to these core funds, though I am not tracking the exact how much is the 
improvement in the market. I generally look at the flows. 
The core funds, such as FlexiCap, Balanced Advantage Fund, Multicap, Small Cap, MidCap, 
and Multi-Asset Allocation Fund – these are the generally core funds, including I am even 
seeing flows coming into our PSU equity fund, given the fact that good performance track 
record. And we are seeing flows in these core funds. And our idea is actually to ramp up the 
flows into these funds by keeping this as a high-focus area for the entire sales team across the 
country. 
And wherever even I have been traveling with my sales team across the different parts of the 
country to push our overall engagement, I do see positive vibes coming from each one of them, 
acknowledging that some of our fund performance is even we are doing better than the 
competing funds in the same category, where the volume would have gone in the last three, 
four years. There is a high realization which is that. And second, with respect to the channels, 
I am seeing more or less steady growth, but I see MFD volumes gradually picking up. 
With the banking channel, earlier, some of our products were not part of the approved list. We 
already started seeing products now becoming part of the approved list. Recently, HDFC Bank 
has approved some of our products, and Kotak team on boarded some of our schemes. 
And we have seen already product approved part of HDFC, YES Securities, YES Bank sorry, 
as well as on Standard Chartered Bank, and also some of the other wealth management firms, 
including LGT Wealth, Ask Wealth, and IndusInd Bank. Some of our products were probably 
missing as part of their comparison, such as FlexiCap Fund, Balanced Advantage Fund, even 
our equity savings fund on the fixed income category. These are now getting added to the 
overall recommendation list, which in my belief is given the fact that our engagement is pretty 
good, and also, they normally sell the products that are part of the recommendation list. I see 
improvement coming from sales engagement, leading to a better outcome from these channel 
partners. We are already seeing this coming in some of the bank channel partners. In fact, 
HDFC Bank added only a FlexiCap Fund only in the last two weeks, and adding to the overall 
AUM growth. 
Lalit Mohandeo: 
Sure, sir. Thank you for that detailed answer. And sir, just one data-giving question too. Could 
you also spell out the total number of employees as of June end? 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 21st July 2026 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Pradeep Sharma: 
So, total number of employees as of June end is 1638. Sure, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Abhijit Sakhare with Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Sakhare: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone. So, my first question is a clarification on the data. When I look 
at the slide number 11, where you have the closing and the average assets under management, 
I just wanted to clarify that I would have thought the equity AUM, the closing AUM, would 
be slightly higher than the average for the quarter, given the returns from the market and we 
have seen with other players. So, just wanted to clarify that first. And second question is, in 
terms of the ESIC mandates, if you could give some idea in terms of what would be the 
annualized revenue from these mandates. And last question, sir, would be just a qualitative one 
in terms of flows. What would you say would be the top two or three funds where you expect 
maximum flows in the next 12 months? Thank you. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
So, in terms of funds that we see maximum flows with respect to the competing funds, also the 
funds that remain relevant from the broader distribution community point of view when it 
comes to allocation of money. First and foremost, FlexiCap fund. Second is Balance 
Advantage Fund. And third is the Multi-Asset Allocation Fund. And fourth is the Small Cap 
Fund. Though we don't position Mid Cap at this point of time, we also wanted to do justice in 
showing high conviction on that space but however, we are seeing some of the flows  
coming in. 
Among the thematic and Pure Value fund also, we are just positioned. But otherwise, largely 
these four, five funds. In the hybrid category, both the SIF, the new one that you have launched, 
as I mentioned, we want to establish performance track record before we start pushing it. 
Now that we have in place, again, we are driving that from an overall closed fund view. Equity 
Savings Fund again comes with equity taxation from a view. The large pool of HNI investors 
who does not have major exposure in terms of equity return, that also we have positioned. In 
fact, some of the conservative investors, we have positioned that as a scheme for flows. That 
way, broadly we have positioned. But key schemes largely remains Flexi Cap, Multi-Asset, 
Balanced Advantage Fund, and Small Cap. With respect to the ESIC. ESIC mandate, of course, 
in terms of the revenue, very marginal. We don’t earn any much on this. Of course, we do have 
a team of people, who actually have a separate team of people for managing both the EPFO 
and ESIC mandate. That's what the requirement is. Otherwise, in terms of revenue, it doesn’t 
add much revenue to us. It doesn’t give a big revenue, but definitely it opened the gate for 
privately managed EPFO, through which we are seeing somewhat of tractions in terms of flows 
coming to us. Passive funds as well as Active Managed funds though it’s a small beginning, 
we are giving a complete re-push. Rather, we are emphasizing the need for reaching out to 
1,350 EPFO to contribute from their equity contribution to our existing funds purely on the 
base of the mandate that gives us the edge over others for us to get closer. In terms of closing 
versus average, Pradeep is just giving a clarification on that. 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 21st July 2026 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Pradeep Sharma: 
Abhijeet, average equity AUM for Q1 was ₹198,722 crore and closing also was ₹198,969 
crore. Because if you see during the quarter, there were dips in the market, that’s why the 
average also is in the range of closing only. I think you were saying that why this is in line with 
closing, there should be some movement basis the market movement. If you see, however, 
during the quarter April to June, there were days wherein market also have dipped. That’s why 
average is also in the similar line. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it, sir. Sir, last question Pradeep, sir. Any OPEX growth outlook for the year? 
Pradeep Sharma: 
OPEX, I think, remain within the inflationary guidelines. Employee cost, as we discussed in 
the first call, should remain largely in the similar range as we have already factored in the 
ESOP cost, etc., which based on the new ESOP plan, which was rolled out for the employees. 
Other than employee cost, it should largely remain as per the normal inflation. There are no 
cost shocks, I think, as of now. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and 
one. Our next question comes from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh with Citibank. Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hi, good evening, sir. A few questions from my side. If I look at your non-mutual fund 
portfolio, this is excluding the large mandates from EPFO and ESIC that you have received. If 
I look at the AUM, ex of that average AUM, from 1Q ‘24 to 1Q ‘21, which is almost a three-
year horizon or two, three-year horizon, things look largely stable in terms of the average 
AUMs ex of the large mandates, despite onboarding new teams, strengthening the sales 
franchise, etc. Just wanted to understand if I were to take a two, three-year view and given that 
the market space has kind of widened, your franchise has deepened. How should one aspire to 
either look at AUM or revenue contribution from this ex large mandate non-MS book? That’s 
the first question. The second question comes back to the SIP market share. If I understood 
correctly, you mentioned that ELSS has seen some amount of rundown and maybe a little bit 
of pressure in terms of flows. Correct me if I am wrong, my understanding would be that ELSS 
contribution to SIP at an industry level might not be that relevant. Unless ELSS SIPs for you 
guys are a meaningful contributor, triangulating the SIP market share decline quarter-on-
quarter or at least from March to June looks a little challenging. In case you can give some 
color on that or maybe the quarterly SIP data that would be useful, ex of maybe ELSS also. 
Third question would be on the fee and commission expense. Is it fair to assume that the 
increase that you are seeing in fee and commission expense over the past few quarters is largely 
attributed to the all non-MF business, basically, and that should kind of remain robust given 
the product pipeline that you have? Those are my three questions. 
 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 21st July 2026 
Page 13 of 15 
 
A. Balasubramanian: 
With respect to the first question around the AIF side. If you look at our Alternate business, 
we divide them into three categories, one is the PMS long only equity, which is in the listed 
space, where we have roughly about ₹5,000 crore kind of size. While we have grown with the 
last--, that’s an asset class we want to build size. In fact, we are already part of this. Some of 
these leading wealth management teams approved list. Definitely, we have a target to take it 
to anywhere between ₹20,000 crore, ₹21,000 crore over a period of next three years. The 
second category, we have built where we have built internal capability as well as the team is 
to build AIF Performing Credit as well as the AIF Money Market Fund in the AIF category. 
Third is the AIF Real Estate Credit Fund. 
Real estate credit fund, we have established reasonably good track record return to the 
investors. The same way AIF Performing Credit. So far, we have been able to deliver close to 
about 14% return, which again is being seen by people underwriting that we have done 
reasonably acceptable underwriting that we have done. With that our intention is to build the 
size to the next level. I think each one of them will gun for about anywhere between ₹5,000 
crores to ₹7,000 crore kind of size to start with. That is one of the reasons we also given a 
commitment from our AMC P&L in order to provide seed capital up to 10% of the fund size. 
At the same time, we will provide a temporary bridging gap whenever they have a deal so that 
we can participate in some of the large deals at the same time get money into the fund. That is 
the model we applied as far as the AIF performing credit funds. 
Third is, of course, the GIFT City. GIFT City is something we have now got the retail license. 
Clearly, we have a roadmap in building GIFT City both for inward remittance and outward 
remittance. In fact, the three, four gentlemen who are joining on our passive side they are quite 
convinced and quite bullish in terms of building GIFT City as one of the route for domestic 
savings to get diversified into the international equity market. Therefore, we will launch a few 
products in that segment. That is what I think will build the size. As well as domestic concerns, 
even the passive side some of these institutional investors as well as HNIs who largely chooses 
the passive funds as part of the normal asset allocation. That also we have put some kind of in 
place. In fact, the new team of people is also quite convinced and passionate about building a 
passive. Therefore, this is something which the fourth category will do. That is the way we are 
building the overall size. In fact, the way we always drive our Alternate business should not 
only attribute to the overall AUM growth, but it should also attribute to overall profitability so 
to speak. That way we build it. The second question, Pradeep is just answering. 
Pradeep Sharma: 
SIP cumulative contribution for the quarter was around ₹3,300 crore which is actually in line 
with Q4 numbers also. In fact, in Q4 also, the contribution was around ₹3,300 crore. However, 
there have been month-on-month fluctuations. This is one. Secondly, you asked about the 
Alternate revenue. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Alternate revenue. 
 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 21st July 2026 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Pradeep Sharma: 
Yes, revenue. I think largely we feel that because all our verticals, LOBs are largely we feel in 
coming quarters, I think the revenue or contribution for Alternate should be in the similar range 
except 1% or 2% here and there, I think should be there. Because all our LOBs are firing, all 
our LOBs are growing. We feel that in coming quarters, this should remain in the same range. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes. See, Alternate, while we are seeing somewhat of a pickup, I think increasingly we are 
seeing acceptance for the product. Ultimately, that should lead to a volume conversion, which 
is what my belief is we will start. Even PMS, there are certain markets where we have been 
pushing even at the MFD level, is also seeing somewhat of success there. That’s something 
which you believe that as we move forward, we will see uptick, a gradual momentum in this 
space. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sure. On the fee and commission expense increase, is that partly attributed to new launches 
and marketing expense in all PMS businesses? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes. 
Pradeep Sharma: 
Fee and commission expense is actually directly linked to the business of Alternate business 
because this is a commission which is paid to the distributor community. I think that is directly 
linked to the business which we will be garnering on the Alternate side. I think this should 
have the similar growth rate of our revenue for Alternate side. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Just maybe one small question if I can squeeze in. You mentioned that you normally 
tend to look at absolute flows rather than the market share, which looks fair. If you were to 
index your flows to 100, let’s say in 1Q 2026 or 4Q 2026, how would the trajectory be tracking 
incrementally, let’s say, for the quarter on a run rate basis? I mean indexing to 100 a particular 
base quarter. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
I think generally I see improvement. Of course, when I would look at the number very 
objectively from last year’s similar quarter and this year’s similar quarter, the numbers are 
better. If you look at last year full-year run rate versus the 3 months run rate, is actually better 
than the last year full year run rate. However, when we began this year, just to give you some 
sense, April was pretty good for us. April started quite well, and May and June were relatively 
muted as we have seen generally in the equity market. Otherwise, the trend largely is getting 
better as far as the key funds flows are concerned, which is why I mentioned as in comparing 
with the market share right now, how the flow is improving is something. I think once it gets 
established, it comes on auto mode. Naturally, we will be able to link that one to a improvement 
in the gap between competing from the same space. That way we start looking at it. I think we 
will have to give some time for that now that the products are coming as part of the 
recommendation list, and now that the performance longer term also now is getting better. 
That’s the way normally I see it. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Thank you, everyone, and all the best. 
Pradeep Sharma: 
Thank you. 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 21st July 2026 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would like to hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing remarks. Thank you, and over to you, team. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes. Thank you, everyone for your questions. With this, we will conclude our Q1 FY27 
Earnings Call. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Pradeep and Paritosh. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. On behalf of Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited, we would like to 
formally conclude this Q1 FY27 Earning Conference Call. We sincerely appreciate your 
participation in this event, and we kindly request that you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you for your time and engagement. Have a great day. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes 
no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
 
-------------------------------------------------------------------   End   --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
