 
 
July 31, 2026 
 
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department,                
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,                              
Rotunda Building, P J Towers,                           
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001  
corp.relations@bseindia.com  
Scrip Code: 532286  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited          
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,                                         
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400051 
cmlist@nse.co.in  
Symbol: JINDALSTEL 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,    
 
SUBJECT: 
TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL HELD ON JULY 25, 
2026  
 
This is in furtherance to our letter dated July 21, 2026, w.r.t the Earnings Conference Call 
intimation for the financial results with the Institutional investors/ analysts.   
 
In terms of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the earnings conference call is 
enclosed herewith and has also been uploaded on the website of the Company at 
www.jindalsteel.in. 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Jindal Steel Limited 
(formerly known as Jindal Steel & Power Limited) 
 
 
 
Damodar Mittal 
Whole-time Director 
 
Encl.: as above 
DAMODA
R MITTAL
Digitally signed by 
DAMODAR MITTAL 
Date: 2026.07.31 
11:26:14 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
“Jindal Steel Limited 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 25, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VIDYA RATAN SHARMA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
JINDAL STEEL LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJIV KUMAR – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – 
JINDAL STEEL LIMITED 
 
MR. SANDEEP MODI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
JINDAL STEEL LIMITED 
 
MR. DAMODAR MITTAL – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
JINDAL STEEL LIMITED 
 
MR. DEBOJYOTI ROY – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
JINDAL STEEL LIMITED 
 
MR. BIJU NAIR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, ANGUL – 
JINDAL STEEL LIMITED 
 
MR. SUNIL AGARWAL – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, 
FINANCE – JINDAL STEEL LIMITED 
 
MS. ROOPALI MEHRA – HEAD SALES AND MARKETING 
– JINDAL STEEL LIMITED 
 
MR. VISHAL CHANDAK – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS 
– JINDAL STEEL LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PARTHIV JHONSA – ANAND RATHI SHARES AND 
STOCK BROKERS LIMITED 
 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Jindal Steel Limited Q1FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Parthiv Jhonsa, Vice President from Anand Rathi Shares 
and Stock Brokers Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
Thank you, Steve. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We at Anand 
Rathi are pleased to host Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call of Jindal Steel Limited. I will now 
hand over the call to Mr. Vishal Chandak, Head Investor Relations, to introduce the senior 
management and initiate the proceedings of the call, which would then be followed by question-
and-answer session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vishal Chandak: 
Thank you very much, Parthiv. Ladies and gentlemen, a very good afternoon. Thank you very 
much for joining us on a Saturday afternoon to discuss the financial results of Jindal Steel for 
the first quarter of FY27. Joining us on today's call are members of our senior management team: 
Mr. Damodar Mittal, Whole-Time Director; Mr. Debojyoti Roy, Whole-Time Director; Mr. Biju 
Nair, Executive Director, Angul; Mr. Sunil Agarwal, Executive Vice President, Finance; Ms. 
Roopali Mehra, Head of Sales and Marketing. 
 
Before we begin, it gives me immense pleasure to introduce three distinguished members who 
have recently joined the company's leadership team. Firstly, I am delighted to introduce our 
Managing Director, Mr. V.R. Sharma. Though he needs no introduction, let me begin by saying 
Mr. V.R. Sharma is a distinguished industry leader with over four decades of international 
leadership experience across the steel, power, metals, and cement sectors. 
 
A mechanical engineer with an MBA from the College of Applied Science UK, he has held 
several leadership positions across the industry. Mr. Sharma previously served us as the 
Managing Director of Jindal Steel Limited from 2019 to 2022 and before that as the Deputy 
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the company from 2010 to 2014. He has 
worked with several steel companies in India and abroad during his long tenure of more than 
four decades. 
 
I am also delighted to introduce Mr. Rajiv Kumar, Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Kumar is a 
highly accomplished steel industry leader with over 35 years of experience spanning operations, 
manufacturing, project execution, and business leadership. A Metallurgical Engineer from BIT 
Sindri, he brings deep expertise in integrated steel operations, product development, operational 
excellence, and the successful execution and scaling of large manufacturing facilities. Mr. 
Kumar served as CEO of the Aluminium business of Vedanta prior to joining Jindal Steel. He 
has also had a distinguished career at Tata Steel in various leadership roles. 
 
Lastly, I am equally pleased to introduce Mr. Sandeep Modi, our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. 
Modi is an accomplished finance leader with over two decades of experience across the metals, 
mining, and power sectors. A Chartered Accountant and a Master of Commerce, he possesses 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
extensive expertise in corporate finance, business strategy, treasury, taxation, commercial 
operations, capital markets, investor relations, and M&A, among other critical areas. 
 
He is an All-India Rank holder in his Chartered Accountancy examination and has received 
numerous recognitions for excellence in finance leadership. He was previously the Chief 
Financial Officer at Hindustan Zinc and has spent more than 20 years with the Vedanta Group 
before joining Jindal Steel. 
 
I request you all to please join me in welcoming Mr. V.R. Sharma, Mr. Rajiv Kumar, and Mr. 
Sandeep Modi. With that, I will now hand over the floor to Mr. Sharma for his opening remarks. 
Over to you, sir. 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you, Vishal, for the introduction. My name is 
V.R. Sharma, full name is Vidya Ratan Sharma. I have more than four decades of experience in 
steel and metal industry. It is a privilege to lead Jindal Steel once again. I was the Managing 
Director in the year 2019 to 2022. You have seen that it was a great comeback by Jindal Steel 
under the leadership of Naveen Jindal ji during that tenure. 
 
So, I am again delighted, yes, to be part of this company and part of wonderful team what we 
have today. When I look around the teams at Angul and Raigarh, it reinforces my belief that we 
are building not just world-class assets in terms of plant and equipment, but also a world-class 
organization driven by exceptional and outstanding professionals what the company has chosen 
from different fields and different companies. 
 
I welcome you all to Jindal Steel's Q1FY27 earning briefing and thank you all for taking out 
time on weekly off, that is Saturday, to attend this particular meet. Let me begin with a brief 
overview of the global macroeconomics landscape. As you all know that the world has been 
passing through a very critical geopolitical situation. 
 
For the last four years, we are seeing that Ukraine and Russia war is going on, which has 
shattered the economy, which has shattered not only the economy in Europe but everywhere in 
the world. Now for the last one year, the ripples and then a big fight in between America, Israel 
together with Israel and Iran. So, this has also created lot of problems for the whole world. The 
economy has dwindled, the fuel prices have gone up, the steel consumption, per se, at the 
moment is stable with a slight downward trend. 
 
But you know there is always a light after the end of tunnel. So, we are seeing that in times to 
come, there will be a solution to both these problems - to both the wars being fought in Europe 
and in the Middle East. So, the moment these two wars stop, we are looking at a great opportunity 
for the steel industry to come back and supply steel worldwide. So, I would say that this presents 
a good future ahead.  
In India, the RBI projects GDP to grow at a rate of about 6.6% in FY27. Despite near-term 
uncertainties, India continues to remain the fastest-growing economy in the world, supported by 
strong domestic demand, sustained capital expenditure, and stable macroeconomic environment. 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
 
Domestically, the steel industry witnessed seasonal softness. This always happens especially in 
the monsoon season during this quarter. India's crude steel production declined by 6% on 
quarter-on-quarter basis to 42 million tons, while finished steel consumption declined by 7% to 
about 41.5 million tons. 
 
Globally, China has announced a significant policy reset focused on capacity swap reforms to 
strengthen supply discipline. We believe this is a positive development and could accelerate 
much-needed supply-side reforms in the Chinese steel industry. Because today we are seeing 
that in China, the capacity reduction is about 50 to 60 million tons, whereas the demand has 
gone down by 100 million tons. 
 
So, this has created a little surplus in the international market, but I am sure the moment these 
two geopolitical situations are settled, then everybody will find its place in the international 
market and the domestic market. Because steel does not go outside only in the form of steel, it 
also goes outside in the form of machinery, plant, equipment, vessels, pressure vessels, and many 
more semi-finished and finished equipment. 
 
So, China has been doing export of lot of plant and machinery. I am sure once the world settles 
down in terms of moving towards peace and a peaceful solution of these two wars, China will 
again come back to supply more and more equipment, plant, machinery, and there will be a good 
room available to the Indian industry to export steel to these nations and also to the adjoining 
countries. 
 
In the domestic market today, we are seeing that HRC prices are increased sequentially and 
remained firm throughout the quarter, while TMT, that is the rebar prices for the construction 
steel, they opened on a strong note, but after that the demand came down and during this 
particular monsoon season, yes, it always happens that the construction activities, they are 
slowed down. 
So, but we are very much confident that in times to come, say from end of August onwards when 
the monsoon is receding, the country will come back again with construction boom supported 
by Government of India and especially the Indian bankers in terms of extending loans and funds 
for the capital infrastructure as well as for the construction industry. 
So, we feel a very good future is in the offing. As far as Jindal Steel Limited’s overall plan are 
concerned, I would like to highlight that today we have a strongest team available. And this 
strongest team consists of Mr. Rajiv Kumar, he is a veteran in steel industry, he has an experience 
of more than 35 years, he worked in Tata Steel and also, he has worked in Vedanta as a CEO. 
Then we have Mr. Sandeep Modi. He came from Vedanta and is a Chartered Accountant with a 
master’s degree in commerce. He has joined us as the CFO, bringing with him a very good 
experience to lead the finance team and manage the financial function.  
Then we have a very good team available. We have recently hired a CHRO, Mr. Sukhjit S 
Pasricha. He has come from Indigo, prior to that he has also worked in many other companies 
like Airtel, etc. So that team is in place. We have Ms. Roopali Mehra as Head of Sales & 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
Marketing, she is with the company for more than 20 years, and she will be taking care of the 
complete sales and marketing. 
So, in nutshell, I would say that the team is already in place. We have two very Senior Directors 
available in the plant. One is Mr. Debojyoti, he is heading the Raigarh plant, who hails again 
about 30 years of experience, and he also come from Tata Steel. The other gentleman is Mr. Biju 
Nair, who was with ArcelorMittal and he also has more than 30 years of experience, so he is 
heading the Angul plant. 
Similarly, the people at the other segments and domain, they are all highly experienced talented 
people. So, I am sure that the team will deliver much better results in times to come. I am lucky 
to have such kind of team, and I am lucky to lead such kind of team from the front and finally 
we are committed to bring the company to a different scale in times to come. 
Our first and foremost focus is that we should reach to the 100% capacity utilization. This is the 
first point. The second point is we want to reduce our cost because once you increase capacities 
with the economy of scale, we reduce cost also. 
Then we have very strong team as I told you led by Mr. Rajiv Kumar ji and he is heading the 
complete operations. So, his specialty is how to control the costs with the best opportunity 
available today. So, I think we'll be in a position to control the cost also, which will add to the 
EBITDA. 
Then the next is we have already discussed with our bankers, we have negotiated very good rate 
of interest, a very good deal, the lowest one, and the financial cost, borrowing cost will also 
come down in times to come. And this what Mr. Sandeep Modi is on it and he is doing it.  
Then as far as the inventory is concerned, we are well within the limit. We have less than 10 or 
11 days of total production as an inventory, so which is I would say very lean and best in the 
industry available today. Then the product mix what we have, that is one of the best in the world 
I would say because we are the only company who makes long products, flat products, and the 
specialty flat products like plates and the quenched and tempered plates. 
So today, we make plates say about 2 million ton in a year. We are going to increase it to about 
2.5 million ton. Plate is a very basic requirement for any capital goods industry. Then we have 
a state of the art hot strip mill, which we commissioned in FY24, and this mill can produce about 
5, 5.5 million ton of hot rolled coils in a year. And that too value-added grade of coils. 
We are not in the race of putting more and more hot strip mills or more and more commodity 
mills. We are here to utilize our mill to the best of its technical expertise and the technical 
capabilities and produce more and more value-engineered products than a commodity product.  
Then after that, we are the only company today in the private sector who produces rails and 
fortunately today out of the 22 metro rails in the country, at least 18 to 19 metro rails, they are 
already buying rails from us. These are called head hardened rails. So, nobody else supplies 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
these rails to the country. In a way, without much ado, I would say that we are a 100% supplier 
to the Indian metro rail services in the country, head-hardened rails, which is a specialty of ours. 
Then we produce round billets, which not many people produce in the world and these round 
billets are specially used for rail wheels basically, the forging of the rail wheels. Government of 
India is putting a full effort so that we become self-reliant, Atmanirbhar in rail wheels, the 
railway wheels.  
So, we produce round billets which only one more company produces in the country, and this is 
a great business in terms of consumption and also for seamless pipes and tubes. So, this is another 
product which is a wonderful product. Then over and above, we have the products like sheet 
piles which nobody does in the country today and we are the only people those who are doing 
it. And then some of the specialty angle irons, heavy section angle irons which we do. 
So, the purpose is that wherever we have the technical superiority and the product mix 
superiority, so those products are to be manufactured on top priority so that this can add value 
to our system, which can add value to the bottom line, and this can also be treated as value 
engineered product. 
Thanks to Government of India, they have given a full focus and thrust on the defence industry. 
So, what we are doing, we are producing today the specialty plates which are tailored made for 
the defence industry especially for the submarines, for the warships, for the oxygen storage, for 
the nitrogen storage, for the hydrogen storage. So, these are the specialty steel products. 
So, our aim is to keep on adding more specialty steel products, not only through this normal 
plate mill, but there is a next process called that is heat-treated plates, that quench and tempered 
plates. So, these plates used to be imported in India. Now Government of India has given an 
instruction, and I would say it has banned these kind of products coming into the country. So, 
we are thankful to the Government of India.  
As far as some imports are concerned, yes, there is a concern in the flat products which I say as 
a commodity. So, because hot rolled coil is a commodity today. So, the hot rolled coil since it is 
a commodity, yes, many players in the country, they import hot rolled coils especially through 
the advance licenses. So, when they bring against the advance license, they export also. 
So basically, it doesn't affect the overall scenario in the demand and supply. But yes, it is better 
if they can also utilize the Indian products, the Indian hot rolled coils not only as a specialty hot 
rolled coil, but as a commodity coils. But whenever the prices or the imports are reflected, they 
are reflected as a commodity hot rolled coils. Whereas we are, we are fully insulated from such 
kind of products because we are in the value-engineered and value-added products. 
So, in a nutshell, I say that the company's future is excellent and the team is excellent in place. 
There had been some ripples in past, but today with the grace of God and with the decision taken 
by the Board of Directors, so we have brought the gems in the organization. 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
And I am sure the company will flourish and we will see that the results are coming and our 
journey to reach to 100% capacity utilization with minimizing the cost level etc. everything, we 
will be in a position to be again a very vibrant company, though we are vibrant today also, but 
it will be much more vibrant in times to come. 
So now I stop my speech. Thank you very much for listening to me very patiently. In case of 
any question, me, my team and other colleagues, they'll be happy to answer your queries. Thank 
you very much. 
Now I'll request my colleague Mr. Modi, he will address the meet and thank you very much. Mr. 
Modi, over to you. 
Sandeep Modi: 
Thank you very much, Sharma ji. Good afternoon, everyone. I am delighted to join Jindal Steel 
at such an exciting phase of its journey. Over the past few weeks, I have had the opportunity to 
interact with our teams across the plant location. 
What stands out is the exceptional quality of our people, the speed of decision-making, strong 
capital cost discipline, deep adoption of the theory of constraints, and the growing use of AI and 
digital tools to improve operational and financial performance. 
 
Jindal Steel today has one of the strongest integrated business models in the Indian steel industry, 
supported by world-class assets, captive raw material resources, disciplined capital allocation, 
and a clearly defined long-term growth strategy. 
 
The successful commissioning of our expansion projects has further strengthened this platform 
and positioned us well for sustainability and profitable growth. As I assume this responsibility, 
my priorities will remain - maintaining capital discipline, improving return on capital employed, 
strengthening cash generation, preserving one of the strongest balance sheets in the sector, and 
creating sustainable long-term value for all shareholders. 
 
With that, let me provide you with a brief update on our financial performance for Q1FY27. 
Consolidated revenue sequentially was around 8% down. It was largely due to the sales volume 
resulting from the plant maintenance shutdown as Mr. Sharma had said. This was partly offset 
by around INR 7,500 per ton improvement in our average ASP, that's the average realization, 
supported by stronger steel prices and a richer product mix. 
 
The share of value-added product has increased from 61% in Q4FY26 to 66% in Q1FY27. As 
our newly commissioned downstream facilities continue to ramp up, we expect the share of 
value-added products to increase further, enhancing both profitability and resilience across 
commodity price cycles. 
 
Despite a 15% sequential decline in the sales volume, EBITDA remains resilient, reflecting the 
strength of our product mix, higher realization, and disciplined cost management. Consolidated 
adjusted EBITDA stood at INR 2,667 crores. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA per ton 
increased by INR 1,843 per ton, taking it to INR 11,937 per ton. 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
 
This improvement was driven by increase in ASP, partly offset by a $23 per ton increase in 
coking coal consumption cost, which is in line with our guidance of $20 to $25 per ton of coal, 
and the lower fixed cost absorption due to lower volumes sequentially. Finance cost charged to 
the P&L increased to INR 548 crores, primarily due to the capitalization of the major 
expansion assets during Q4FY26. 
 
Consequently, interest costs relating to these assets are now being recognized through the P&L 
account for the first full quarter. These assets include the 1,050 MW Captive Power Plant, 
BOF – III, CRM, and other associated facilities. Similarly, depreciation expenses increased 
during the quarter following capitalization of these newly commissioned assets. 
 
Consolidated profit after tax for the quarter stood at INR 844 crores. Our balance sheet 
remains one of our key strengths. Net debt stood at INR 15,927 crores, translating into a net 
debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.71x. With the ongoing ramp-up of new facilities and continued 
focus on the cash generation, we remain confident of achieving the ratio below our stated 
threshold of 1.5x during Q2FY27 and continue to have through the commodity cycle, 
reinforcing our position as one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. 
 
Our capital allocation continues to remain disciplined. Against our FY27 capex plan of 
approximately INR 8,500 crores. We invested roughly INR 2,000 crores during Q1. 
Cumulative spending under our expansion program now stands at INR 37,457 crores out of the 
announced capex of INR 47,043 crores. 
 
Overall, I would say as we enter the second quarter, our financial priorities remain unchanged, 
driving profitable growth, maximizing returns for our expanded asset base, maintaining 
disciplined capital allocation, generating stronger free cash flow, and preserving our balance 
sheet strength. 
 
We remain confident that these priorities will support sustainable value creation for our 
shareholders over the long term. With that, I will now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes 
from the line of Amit Dixit with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
Yes, hi. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for the opportunity. First and foremost, I would 
like to welcome the entire leadership team, and it's great to have Mr. Sharma at the helm again, 
and Mr. Modi and of course Mr. Rajiv Kumar. My question to Mr. Sharma would be, sir, last 
time when you were there, we actually went through debt reduction, the deleveraging happened 
during that time, so also the ramp-up in the blast furnace, the first blast furnace at Angul. 
 
Now when you are there the second time, what would be your key focus areas, let us say three 
to four focus areas that you might have thought of? If you can quantify them as well, you know, 
that would be great. And also, any thoughts around further expansion at Angul in terms of crude 
steel capacity? That is my first question. 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
Thank you very much. Thanks for remembering the previous dialogues a long back and yes, this 
is a reminder to me what is to be done. So, you have asked the question, so I am replying to you 
one by one. The first of all, our now the main focus is on capacity utilization. Like for example, 
we have 15.6 million ton of capacity already installed as the crude steel making capacity. 
 
So how to reach 15.6 million tons, this is one. Now 15.6 million tons, our team is not going to 
convert these 15.6 million tons into a commodity. Commodity means just making rebars or 
making hot rolled coils, we are not interested in that. We want to do something new, something 
different. 
 
Of course, rebars has to be produced as rebars except for some corrosion resistance steel or 
something like that. But as far as the hot rolled coils are concerned, we are not pushing our mill 
to produce a product which is non-value-added grade product. We want to fetch the best from 
the best market, and we want to sell this hot rolled coil not as a commodity but as a product. So 
that is our next focus.  
My colleague Mr. Rajiv Kumar had been in Tata Steel, and he has developed more than 500 
different grades in Tata Steel which are truly value-added grade steel. So now the agenda is how 
to utilize his skill and how to make all those grades which are available in the world, and they 
are treated not as a commodity but treated as a value-added product or value-engineered 
products. 
 
So, the total capacity today as I told you 15.6, is installed crude steel capacity. But there are 
some gaps because we are not going to make 15.6 million tons in the current financial year. We 
are going to end up somewhere about 11 million tons or 11.5 million tons. So where is that gap 
of 3.5 million tons, you will ask the question maybe today or maybe next year. 
 
So, I am replying to you right now. So, what we are aiming for that we will be because we are 
short of metallic today, so we will be bringing metallics in the form of HBI, DRI, and also in the 
form of scrap. So, then we will utilize our assets fully so that we can reach the level of 15.6 
million tons as we have the crude steel making capacity. 
 
So now from our own internal resources, means internal blast furnace and electric arc furnace 
and existing DRI, we can reach maybe 11.5 million tons and with the readjustment of the blast 
furnaces as far as the capacity is concerned, then we may even reach 12.5 million tons. 
 
And now the three focus areas, one, make only value-added products, two, how to reach 15.6 
million tons with a step in between with a ladder and that step is 11.5, then 12.5 million tons, 
and maybe 13 million tons. And that would be done from the existing resources available, 
existing blast furnaces, electric arc furnaces, and DRI, so that we can increase production there. 
 
Then the next question you have asked me that what is the next future, what are the expansion 
plans or something like that. So, as I told you, we have a strict formula, last time also if you 
remember I used to speak E and I, Earn and Invest. So, the management has decided that we will 
be working only on earn and invest. 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
 
We are not going to burden our balance sheet with the borrowings. We do not want to take loans; 
we do not want to borrow the funds to expand in the commodity area. We will expand, we will 
do all those expansions which are required in the value-added products, value-added steel, value-
engineered products. 
 
For that if any investment has to be done, we will do. But we don't want to be a part of glut. We 
want to be a part of specialty products where people come to us, buy goods, they are happy, we 
are also happy. So, our focus is, what we have, myself, my team, everybody is aligned on that, 
that we want to grow not at the rate of tons, but at the spending rate of about INR 7,000 crores 
to INR 8,000 crores or maybe INR 10,000 crores per year. 
So how many tons will be that I cannot tell you today because if it is value-added product, maybe 
tons are less. So, our aim is spend management. So, we have a budget to spend whatever the 
earnings we have. We are sure, we'll be having much more earning than this. So, part of that 
earning we will be spending on the capex. And wherever we feel that we are tight, we will not 
spend on capex. 
So, we are not in a race of 30 million, 40 million, 50 million, and every morning we get up and 
we declare a project, we are not in that. We want to we want to utilize the hard-earned money in 
the best way, and my colleague Mr. Modi will definitely keep a check on this so that we don't 
spend extra anywhere, extravaganza is not done. 
So, these are the long-term plan for all of us and this is what we have taken an oath that or you 
can say, this is the commitment that we do not want to add commodity capacities, we want to be 
only and only and only value-engineered products and for that we are going to spend about INR 
8,000 crores to INR 10,000 crores year-on-year basis. Hope I answered you. Thank you. 
Amit Dixit: 
Thank you, sir. Very elaborate answer. The second and the last question I have is on the current 
blast furnace utilization and when we can ramp it up fully and the status of slurry pipeline. That's 
all from my side, sir. 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
Yes, please. So, we have two blast furnaces in Angul and we have two blast furnaces in Raigarh. 
And we have 10 DRI plants in Raigarh, and we have one DRI plant in Angul. And apart from 
that, we have electric arc furnace in Angul, and we have three electric arc furnaces in Raigarh. 
So, this is the overall setup. 
Now your question is the new blast furnace. This is a state of the art new blast furnace which we 
have imported, and a similar blast furnace was commissioned just about 10 months ahead of us 
by Tata Steel. Though Tata Steel took about five years to complete that blast furnace, thanks to 
our team, the project team, and thanks to the overall guidelines given by Naveen ji, our chairman, 
and we could reach to the commissioning time in say 28 to 30 months' time. So, this is a great 
achievement. 
And this particular blast furnace can produce up to 13,000 tons per day hot metal. So, we have 
already reached to 11,000 tons per day. Our plan is that after this monsoon season, we'll be in a 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
position to ramp it up to 12,000 tons per day and by end of December, we'll make it 13,000 tons 
per day, which will be 100% capacity utilization. 
Now you may ask question that why 10,000, 11,000, and 12,000 and why monsoon season and 
then 13,000? Because during monsoon season, there are certain challenges, like for example, 
about a week back, there was a very heavy rain, and this rain was more than 100 millimetres in 
one or two hours' time. So, this has disrupted the complete water management and also this has 
made the failure of the electrical grid and electrical system. 
So, these kinds of hiccups they do come when we are passing through a very rough weather. It 
is like flying in a rough weather. So, I think by August end, the monsoon will recede and from 
September we'll start ramping up. 
Our team led by Mr. Rajiv Kumar and by Mr. Biju Nair and our ED project, Mr. Damodar Mittal, 
they are the expert of steel making, iron making and everything. So, they are committed to bring 
it to a level of about 12,000 tons in the month of September and by 13,000 tons by December. 
The blast furnace number one is doing again extremely well. The capacity is 10,000 tons per 
day, but we are doing about 11,000 tons per day from that plant also. 
So put together 13,000 tons per day from the blast furnace number two and 11,000 tons per day 
from blast furnace number one, total will be 24,000 tons per day. So, team is all on it and we are 
sure that 24,000 tons of hot metal we'll be doing every day from these two blast furnaces in 
Angul. 
Already 4,200 tons from one furnace and another 2,600 tons from the other furnace in Raigarh, 
that is 6,800 tons, that is being done under the leadership of Mr. Debojyoti, who is the Head of 
our Raigarh plant. And that is at 100% capacity utilization. 
So, if you see put together, the Raigarh at 3.6 million ton is stable and when we have 24,000 
tons hot metal and this will give us 24,000 tons of steel also because whatever the yield loss is 
there that will be substituting by scrap. So maybe 24,000, 25,000 tons per day steel we'll be 
making, and this is going to be supported from our DRI plant which is at 5,000 tons per day and 
another electric arc furnace. 
So put together our aim is to reach to a level of about 27,000 tons steel making after the monsoon 
and then finally, we'll reach one day to 30,000 tons steel making and this is where we will be 
seeing that we are crossing the capacities. 
So put together, so 3.6 million tons from Raigarh and our aim is 9 million tons from Angul 
before we add the scrap, the HBI or DRI. So, this is what our overall plan is. Hope I answered 
your question. 
Amit Dixit: 
Yes, sir. Just slurry pipeline status? That was the last one. 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
Yes, slurry pipeline, I'm pleased to inform you that it is all set end-to-end, the slurry pipeline is 
laid. Now trials are going on. There are some special trials we call it as a pigging. Pigging means 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
a real pig made of metal, it is passed through and then we'll call our collaborators and the 
technical equipment suppliers, they are from Germany, and then we will take a trial, first by 
water and then by slurry. So end-to-end everything is in line.  
Hopefully, you will hear this news very soon, maybe in first half of August. So, we'll commission 
it. And once it is done, it is 18-million-tons plant and 18-million-tons capacity. This 18-million-
tons capacity means this will reduce the overall burden on the logistics. So once this is done, 
then the load on transportation, local transportation will be reduced substantially. 
So now today we are aiming maybe in the first half of August, but if the rainy season goes on 
and there is some problem, then this may delay also, but that is not in our hands. These are 
uncontrollable factors in life. 
So, but end-to-end line is laid, end-to-end pump house, receiving station is made, end-to-end 
communication is in place, and the equipment, the pumps, trial etc. are already done. So maybe 
if too much of rains, then maybe end of August. So, in nutshell, this quarter, which is going on, 
the quarter of July, August, September, hopefully with the grace of God, we will give a good 
news to the nation. This is the longest pipeline perhaps in the country with the largest capacity. 
18 million ton is the capacity with 60% of Fe and 35%-40% of water. But if we can manage with 
less water, say about 30%-32%, then this can even go to 20 million. So, it depends upon the 
water and the iron ore ratio because it depends upon the iron ore specific gravity, density, and 
how iron ore behaves in a particular pipeline because we are going to buy iron ore from the 
outside parties also. So, thank you very much. Hope I answered your question. 
Amit Dixit: 
Thanks a lot, sir, and all the best. 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Alok Deora with Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Alok Deora: 
Hi, good afternoon and a warm welcome to the new management and the best wishes ahead. So, 
sir just had a couple of questions. First is on the NSR movement. So, if you can just indicate 
what's the pricing like now versus the 4Q average and versus the 1Q average and where do we 
see the prices moving for the second quarter, if you can just indicate on that because we have 
seen a sharp correction in the long prices? So just your thoughts on that, please? 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
My colleague Roopali Mehra will answer you and in case anything else required, I'll come back. 
No problem. I'm here with you. Roopali, over to you, please. 
Roopali Mehra: 
Thank you. Hi, thanks for your question. So, as we all know, steel works in a manner which is 
kind of seasonal. So currently if you look at the flat prices for HRC, we've only looked at INR 
800 per ton lower, pricing vis-a-vis Q1FY27. And if you look at TMT, we're looking at almost 
INR 8,000 on the index. But as I said earlier, this is a seasonal weakness which should recover 
post monsoon. 
Alok Deora: 
Sure. Thanks for that. 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
Is it okay? Anything else in this regard? 
Alok Deora: 
Yes, just wanted your thoughts whether we could see further correction or this should kind of 
settle because it's been a pretty sharp correction in the long steel. That was the question actually? 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
Yes, actually this season it happens. But we fortunately we are insulated to a great extent. Why? 
Because when the TMT prices go down, we start increasing production in the other areas. So, 
we have multiple segments, we produce 9 different products. So, if 1 product is little weak, then 
definitely we can find a place for that material to be sold through the other channels. 
 
But yes, you're right, the monsoon season, it is very less construction. But this also bring lot of 
opportunities in future, if there are, though I should not be happy on it, there is a situation because 
one cannot say on these, but there are opportunities like if you have lot of floods, then more 
construction is likely to come in future. 
 
If there are no floods but still there is a waterlogging, then the government, they spend lot of 
money so that next year there should not be any waterlogging. So that means more steel, more 
cement is going to be consumed in times to come. So, this is recoverable. We can recover it. 
Alok Deora: 
Got it. And also on the coal cost, if you can just indicate the coal cost for 1Q and what is the 
coal cost assumption or guidance for the second quarter? 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
So, I'll tell you. The coal is basically; there are two different things. I think you are you are 
discussing coking coal or you are discussing... 
Alok Deora: 
Right, right. Coking coal. 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
So coking coal is again basis demand and supply. Today we are seeing that maybe $15 will be 
the total increase, about INR 1,500 in coking coal. But it also depends upon the Chinese factor. 
What is China factor? If the Chinese consumption or Chinese steel production go down, then 
immediately the coal prices also come down. 
 
But yes, you're right, there is a pressure in India because most of the steel mills in India, they 
are through the blast furnace route steel making, so they are buying lot of coal. And nowadays, 
more than coal, people are importing coke. If you see the data in last 3 to 4 months' time, the 
Indian steel mills, they have imported lot of coke from Indonesia and from some other different 
countries. 
 
But yes, $15 you can factor it, but we will see that how we can minimize the cost in terms of 
blending it properly. Because now the coal is available, it is also available in different forms, so 
different blends are also available. So, the blast furnaces are very, capable and flexible in using 
different coal. We'll try to blend it so that we are totally, we are not outpriced in the market. So, 
this is what we feel. 
Alok Deora: 
Sure. Just last question, sir. So, volume, based on what we have done in the first quarter, the full-
year guidance remains the same of 10.5 to 11 million ton of sales volume in FY27? 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
Yes, yes, you're right. We will maintain the run rate, rather we will increase the run rate because 
we had taken a shutdown in the quarter 1. Why have we taken the shutdown? Because the 
shutdown basically it is not in our hands, we see that how many heats we have taken out from a 
particular vessel, like BOF vessel. 
 
So, the BOF vessel gives a heat life of about 9,000 heats to 10,000 heats. So, whenever it is more 
than 9,000 heats, we have to stop it to avoid any puncture in the vessel, otherwise that will be a 
disaster so that there is no safety bypassed. So, we found that in this last quarter, we had to take 
a shutdown because we produce more number of heats in less number of time. 
 
So that means because it depends upon the number of heats, each heat is 250 tons. So, you can 
say about 2.5 million, 2.2 million, if you produce, then we have to change the refractory. So, the 
refractory timing came in this particular first quarter, so we cannot wait for the second quarter, 
so we had to do it. 
 
And this is how we are going to do in future. So, In Angul if we are discussing, we have four 
melt pots, I would say in simple language. One is Electric Arc Furnace, then there was a BOF 1, 
which is existing since 2011-'12, and then we had two more pots, these are called BOF 2 and 
BOF 3, basic oxygen furnace 2 and basic oxygen furnace 3. These two are very new. We 
commissioned one in Sep’25 and the other in Mar’26. 
 
And these two pots are pretty new. So there 10,000 heats or 9,000 heats will take more time. Till 
that time, we don't have to take any shutdown. So, I'm sure we'll be in a position to recover 
whatever 300,000 tons of hot metal loss we have done in the quarter 1, that we will recover in 
the subsequent quarters. 
Alok Deora: 
Got it, got it. Yes, that's all from my side, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
Thank you so much. Any other question left? I don't want that some of the colleagues say that I 
have not answered. We can sit for another 5 minutes no problem. But if there is any question, 
you please ask. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. The next question comes from the line of Amit Murarka with Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Murarka: 
Yes, hi. Good afternoon and welcome back, Mr. Sharma. So just the first question on NSR 
movement in Q1. Like how much was the movement in flats and longs and was there sale of 
metallics that you did in Q1? 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
Sale of metallics we have not done in the Q1. So whatever metallics sometimes we produce also, 
that is for in-house. So, it is consumed. Another point what we always see that a ratio in between 
price and cost. The steel prices, they go up, go down, and within a gap of 4 to 6 weeks' time we 
find that if the prices have gone up, the input price also increases. 
 
So that band is only for 4 to 6 weeks' time. So, losing or gaining. Sometimes we say that the 
prices are going up whereas the input prices are not going up, so that band is also for about 4 to 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
6 weeks. And sometimes we feel the prices are going down, but the input cost, that has not gone 
down. That particular window is also for 4 to 6 weeks' time. 
 
So, this is a normal behaviour of steel business. But yes, you're right, INR 1,000 to INR 4,000 
was the reduction in different products, but not in the products like rail, rounds, specialty angle 
channels, beams, structures, heavy-duty structures, the prefabricated structures, and the specialty 
plates, the value-added plates, quench and tempered, it was not there. 
 
So, I would say by and large, yes, we took a hit in in terms of TMT and whereas we could 
maintain and retain the prices in the other segments. So, the price change if you see the per 
metric ton, that was that was ranging even INR 5,000 a ton. 
Sandeep Modi: 
Sandeep here, just to conclude the NSR movement in case of the flat was around INR 7,000 per 
ton and in case of long around INR 4,500 per ton. I think that's what your question on the quarter-
on-quarter basis was. 
Amit Murarka: 
Longs was up, you mean INR 4,500 per ton? 
Sandeep Modi: 
Yes, yes, all are up. All are up. 
Amit Murarka: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Mr. Amit, I would request you to please come back in the queue for further 
questions. The next question comes from the line of Jashandeep Singh Chadha with Nomura. 
Please go ahead. 
Jashandeep Singh Chadha: Hello. Thank you for the opportunity. I hope I am audible. And first of all, I say welcome to the 
team and welcome back, Sharma ji. So, my first question is, largely directed to Mittal sir and 
also Sharma ji. So, given that the industry typically benefits from stable leadership and long-
term management tenures, these, you know, relatively frequent changes in the senior 
management team stands out from Jindal, right? 
 
So, should investors be concerned about the impact of these transitions on strategic continuity 
and long-term value creation? And how do you ensure that execution against your long-term 
objectives remains unaffected? So, this is my first question. 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
Sorry, sorry, I missed your basic question. Can I request you to kindly repeat? 
Jashandeep Singh Chadha: Yes, sir. So largely, you know, the industry normally benefits and industry is known for long 
tenure, you know, stable management, but there have been, you know, frequent changes at the 
top level at Jindal. So, should the investors be worried about the impact of these transitions on 
strategic continuity and, you know, long-term value creation? And how are you ensuring that all 
the long-term objectives are, you know, remains unaffected despite these changes that are 
happening, sir? 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
Yes, thank you very much. You see, as far as the movement of senior persons, yes, it is always 
an area of concern. And we must see that why the people, they take a change or move. Many a 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
times, it is their personal decision, by an individual. But we have 30,000 people working in the 
organization, I would say. And the top level we call CG1 or CG0, so if you see that there are 
only 20 people. 
 
We have very strong upper middle, and I would say senior management team up to vice president 
level. So, we don't find any movement there, that which is normal attrition is always acceptable 
as per the industry standard, there is not a problem, and some people they do retire also. 
 
So, but at the senior positions, yes, they are very vital resource and they drive the business, they 
come to the organization to take the decisions. For that, we have an advisory board also and we 
always put some tasks to advisory board to advise us at that time when there is a need and 
advisory board also guide us time to time. 
 
But I agree with you that if the movement is frequent or more, that is a question of concern, and 
we are addressing it and this is the reason today you are seeing the board has brought at least 
eight new faces. And out of these eight faces, I would say two are the old faces, me and Roopali, 
and six are the new persons those who have come at a very senior level right from CFO to CHRO 
to our vice president HR. So, they have come. 
 
Then we have our COO for the entire operations, he has come from Tata Steel, Mr. Rajiv. And 
we have Mr. Biju Nair from ArcelorMittal in Europe; he came from there. Then we have a very 
senior person, Mr. Debojyoti Roy, he has also come, he is a big strategist as well as the plant 
manager, so he is heading the Raigarh. 
 
Then we have also brought some people from in-house from our other group companies, like we 
have brought people from Oman, we have brought people from Czech Republic, and they are at 
a level where they head their domain. And we are confident that we are a stable organization 
since at least 1,800 to 2,000 people are there in the upper middle level team. And these people 
is a very strong force, strong team. 
 
They do it, they are the doers. So, they are very much stable and I am sure my colleagues and 
myself, we will put full effort so that we can make the company of our dreams, so that people, 
they stay here for longer time and yes, unless if there is some personal issues of someone, that I 
cannot comment. 
 
But aim is to give the stability and this you will see that the team is stable and more than that, 
1,800 people those who are in the upper middle management level, say from manager to GM or 
assistant vice president or vice president, they are pretty stable and they are the force which 
drives the organization. Hope I answered you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Sumangal Nevatia with Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Yes, good afternoon and best wishes to the new management team. So, my first question is on 
the cost. If you see quarter-on-quarter, there is a very sharp increase in cost, almost INR 5,500. 
If you could break up into top three, four areas of increase. 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
 
And for the next quarter, we heard about coking coal, but overall, how should we see cost 
shaping up in the next one or two quarters as a lot of startup-related cost will start receding? And 
then also if you can give the update on the coal mix today, when is Utkal B2 expected, and when 
do we expect to commission the DRI second plant? Yeah, thanks. 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
My colleague Mr. Modi will speak to you. 
Sandeep Modi: 
Hi. So, if you see the from the cost perspective, I would like to give full breakup so that you 
understand it better.  
There was iron bearing cost increase around say INR 500 per ton. We had a Middle East conflict 
impact of around $12 to $13. Coking coal cost increase as I said around $23 per ton. And there 
was an operating leverage on account of the plant maintenance shutdown which has the lesser 
production on a quarter-on-quarter basis, that is roughly around INR 2,000 per ton. So that put 
together has translated into the overall quarter-on-quarter cost increase. I hope I am able to give 
you the exact what feels so. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Yes, yes. Thanks, Sandeep. Just wanted to know how we see these cost items shaping up in the 
next one or two quarters. 
Sandeep Modi: 
So as Mr. Sharma has already said that for the coking coal cost point of view, while there will 
be a $12 to $15 cost increase is expected, however, given the scale of economies and the better 
production which we will get into the Q2, given that last year Q2 there was a shutdown which 
now has been there in because of the refractory life in the Q1. So, with that production increase, 
the operating leverage, which was around INR 2,000 per ton in the Q1, that should not be there. 
 
And of course, Middle East conflict impact, I think that's still going on, so we need to be watchful 
about it. Put together all these things, we should be able to have a better cost structure in the Q2 
given the scale of economies and a better production and no plant shutdown. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Rahul Gupta with Morgan Stanley. 
Please go ahead. 
Rahul Gupta: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. So let me just continue on the previous question. What kind 
of cost savings can we expect from the management over the next couple of years with all the 
initiatives that may play out, whether it is coal mines commissioning, DRI Plant, slurry pipeline, 
conveyor belt? And also, you talked about in your opening remarks that you are having renewed 
relationship with financial institutions, so what kind of interest cost savings can we expect from 
here on? Thank you. 
Sandeep Modi: 
So, one of the key cost saving will come from the slurry pipeline, which I think we have already 
told in the market about INR 700 per ton benefit that as Mr. Sharma has said is coming from the 
Q2, that you should see a saving. Secondly, I'm talking more about compared to this quarter. 
Second, as I said earlier in the earlier question about the operating leverage, that will also help 
us to reduce the cost. 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
 
We already have this time a coal mix of our own captive mines of around 50% and that will also 
go up with the Utkal B1 getting ramped up and Utkal B2 coming in, that will also help us to 
reduce the cost. We also have good news to share about the startup of the first loading at the 
Jindal port, which also has started and that will also give us savings. 
 
I will not be able to quantify at this point of time, but already two vessels have been unloaded, 
and one vessel has already going loading as we speak currently, that will also help us. So put 
together all these things, I think we're in a really right shape to get the better cost structure and 
even in the case of iron ore, we are going more and more backward integration. 
 
So last quarter we were around 16%, with this currently we are around 28% in this quarter and 
the full year basis we should be around 40% on an exit basis. So that will give us also strategic 
benefit in terms of the cost structure. 
Rahul Gupta: 
No, I understand that that's what we are trying to understand, what kind of quantified benefits 
that may come up maybe by year-end or over the next two years. I am not talking about next 
quarter. What could be the benefit that may come over the next two years is what we are trying 
to understand. 
Vishal Chandak: 
I think this is Vishal here. If you look at our, you know, while we cannot give you the individual 
project-by-project cost savings right now for two reasons, one, obviously, the savings will grow 
through the quarters and at the full ramp-up state, they would be at a different level. Secondly, 
if you look at our capital allocation framework where we have clearly mentioned that we would 
deliver about 18% to 20% ROCE and you add the nominal depreciation back, you get the guided 
or our desired EBITDA from these projects. From that, you can obviously back calculate what 
is the kind of run rate that we are expecting from these projects. 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
We extended the time for our friends because we are meeting after a long time, so 15 minutes 
we requested to the organizer to increase. So that if the questions are repeating, then I will request 
please don't repeat. And if there is a new question, you are welcome to ask. And in case the time 
is short, then you can also write to Mr. Vishal, and he can reply on behalf of the management. 
So now any other question is there, then we can talk. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Ritesh Shah with Investec. Please go ahead. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Yes, hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sharma ji, glad you are back. Thank you so much. So 
just two questions. I think I'll just take the Rahul's question; I'll just follow it up. We heard 
Vishal's answer, but Sharma ji, if you could put some number on the cost savings knowing you, 
you would have some number in mind say over next 2 years, 3 years. 
 
If not possible to bifurcate between iron ore, coal, port assets, slurry, pipe conveyor, any headline 
comments with some quantification will definitely help. That's one. And secondly, at the Jindal 
level, there has been a lot of announcements, MoUs with different states including thermal, 
nuclear, steel making. How should we look at that in conjunction with the capital allocation 
framework that we already laid out? Thank you. 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
Very good. So, thank you for remembering me. Yes, I'm also glad to interact with you once 
again. So, two questions. One is cost. There are two costs: one is cost per ton, the other is the 
cost impact in terms of incoming material or input cost. So, we have today three specialists 
sitting in this meeting, Mr. Rajiv and Mr. Biju Nair and Mr. Debojyoti. 
 
They are not only fast bowlers, but they are also the all-rounders. So, their main specialty is how 
to keep cost under control. So, we cannot control the input cost like my colleague Sandeep told 
that today there is a war situation, tomorrow where the crude oil will reach, where the coal prices 
will reach, we are unable to address that because that is out of our hands or uncontrollable 
factors. 
 
Iron ore is also uncontrollable for us because NMDC and OMC predominantly decide the prices. 
So that is also uncontrollable. What is controllable? The controllable is electricity cost, 
electricity consumption, oil consumption, coal consumption, coke consumption in the blast 
furnace, oxygen consumption, then how to avoid wastages, how to increase yield. 
 
Today the yield is 98%, how can we bring it to 98.5% because even 0.5% plays a very vital role. 
And for this, all these three specialists what we have today, perhaps they are the best team 
available today in the country who can work on this particular cost reduction campaign. They 
have already taken it up. 
 
I think there is a chance of, roughly figures, I am not committing something, but roughly because 
I have to talk to my colleagues also, at least INR 1,000 per ton reduction is possible in terms of 
cost. And this what we'll strive for. 
 
But as far as the input costs are concerned like oil, coal, coking coal, the energy in any form, 
that will be difficult to comment because these are uncontrollable factors. Your next question 
was on MoUs. Yes, as you know, we entered in a MoU as a management with the Government 
of Jharkhand. 
 
We are existing in Jharkhand since 2006 and there is a plant called Patratu. So, 2006 we took 
over it from Birla Group and that was a rolling mill. So, we scrapped those rolling mills, and we 
put two state of the art new rolling mills, which we commissioned in 2010. And these two mills 
are still existing. 
 
One of the mills is for wire rod and the other mill is for the rebars and rounds also. So, we can 
make rebars, we can make rounds. So nowadays, for example, rebar is not a preferred product, 
so we are making rounds. So, rounds give us another value addition of INR 5,000 to INR 6,000. 
Then there we have land of about more than 300 acres, and we can immediately put up a plant 
of 3 million ton. 
 
So, what we told to government through the MoU that if you make the environment which is 
truly suitable or which is truly supportive to the investments, then we have to add just a steel 
making behind our mills. It is not a full project; it is I would say it is half project. What is half 
project? We already have two mills which can produce about 2 million tons easily, maybe more 
than 2.2 million tons. 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
 
So, what we'll do, we'll put a blast furnace of 2.5, 2.7 million tons capacity and we will feed 
these two mills from our own blast furnace. So, this is what we discussed with Government of 
Jharkhand. But for that, there is a condition. What condition or request we have made to them, 
that you please allocate us the iron ore.  
 
You support us getting iron ore from Jeraldaburu area, which is a rich iron ore block available 
there. Actually, we had been working in 2010, '11, '12 up to 2014 to start the Jeraldaburu mines, 
but due to Environment Ministry, this was not allowed. 
 
So, we are now requesting to government that if you can support us getting the mines, then either 
through auction or allocation, whatever way, but then we can definitely do this project. And 
what we have to do? We already have the finishing area. So, we have to put the backward area 
and there it is easy to put the backward area. 
 
We have the space available, land available, water available, electricity available, everything is 
available. If the government allows us to mine or we get the iron ore from government, then we 
can immediately put up this plant. So, this is what our condition is. But it is an MoU only; we 
have not committed any investment till these requirements are met out. 
 
The moment these requirements are met out, then we will come to a thorough calculation, we'll 
discuss with our board, and we will see that how we can put up this plant and from where the 
funding will be done. But we'll be maintaining our mantra of E and I, earn and invest. We will 
not deviate from that. We don't want to burden our balance sheet. So, hope I answered you. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure, sir. Thank you so much. All the very best. Thank you. 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
Any other colleague wants to ask anything? We have another 5 to 6 minutes. And if somebody 
is not given chance or doesn't speak something because of any reason, then kindly send a mail 
to Vishal, we will be happy to reply. 
 
And if anyone of you wants to speak to me, again speak to Vishal, he can arrange a WhatsApp 
call or a telephone call with me if any clarification is required. We need your support, we need 
your full blessings on this company, and we want to create a company of value engineering 
company I would say, to create wealth for the investors and to create wealth for the nation. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rajesh Ravi with HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Hi, sir. Good afternoon to the team. And so, my question pertains to you have already covered 
most of the questions regarding to your cost saving programs. Just a short-term Q2 when we are 
talking about INR 8,000 correction in the longs prices and flats are also down INR 1,000.  
 
If the prices were to remain steady at current levels and given that the cost reductions and better 
operations since most of the maintenance shutdown now over, can we say that our cost 
reductions in Q2 versus Q1 will largely cover up for the loss in realization and margins would 
largely be flattish at around INR 12,000 as seen in Q1? 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
I think we are going to make a perfect balance in between two. And as I told you, whenever the 
prices are going down, slowly gradually in 4 to 6 weeks of time lag, we get the input cost also 
down. So, this is what is going to happen, but there is an exception in the month of monsoon 
like mid of July or up to August end. I think after August, this problem will not happen. 
 
But I am sure we will not be losing anything in terms of costing, and we will be gaining basically. 
As I told you, our aim is Mr. Rajiv and his team, they have already taken aim to reduce costs by 
INR 1,000 per ton, and we will be in a position to reduce it. So ultimately, we'll be the ultimate 
gainer in terms of costs. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
And just continuing on this cost, when you talk about INR 700 per ton savings from the slurry 
pipeline movement of the iron ore, just if you start operating at full 20-million-ton utilization, 
on absolute basis, how much cost saving would that translate into? 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
This will be on a full year basis you are talking? 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Yes, yes, on a full year basis. 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
Yes, 1.5 million tons slurry we will transport per month. So, say about 18 million a year, for 
example. So, we now have the capacity to consume this 1.5 million, but as I told you that the 
reflection of this will come from September onwards. 
Rajesh Ravi:  
 
No, that's understood. 
Vishal Chandak: 
Ravi, just to quickly add, this 18 million tons has been designed not to meet the current round 
of expansion, but also to meet our future round of expansion. So, we will not be consuming this 
entirely in the current year. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay. So, for next year, what sort of utilization are you looking at, assuming it will be fully 
stabilized? 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
A very simple math I'll tell you so that you understand this point very clearly. So, we have one 
pellet plant today with capacity is 6 million tons, this can produce. We are adding another pellet 
plant of 6 million tons, so total will be 12 million tons. So, this 12 million tons pellet plant means 
we can consume about 12.2 million, 12.3 million tons of iron ore fines through this slurry 
pipeline. 
Then after that, we are going to enhance our capacity of the sinter plant and there'll be another 
sinter plant coming in. And this sinter plant will be 5 million tons. So, another 5 million tons 
will be consumed. So put together, so 12 million plus 5 million, 17 million tons. So, these 17 
million tons or 18 million tons, this is the math. So, hope I have answered you. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Pathanjali Srinivasan with Sundaram 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
Hello, sir. Congrats on joining back. I have some questions. Firstly, our share of value-added 
products and flats has been going up very consistently. The only disconnect is how come our 
unit profitability is not showing that? 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
Repeat, please. I think it was not audible. 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
Yes, sir. Am I audible now? 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
Yes, better. 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
Yes, sir. So, our share of value-added products and our share of flats in our overall sales have 
been increasing consistently. But when I look at our EBITDA per ton, that is not reflecting that. 
So, could you explain what could be the one or two reasons for this? 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
Yes, I'll tell you. The share of value-added products, actually I think you don't have access to 
our product-wise EBITDA. So that is different basically, that is because you get the overall 
EBITDA. But product-wise like quench and tempered, plates, heavy-duty plates what is the 
EBITDA, that is not published basically, it is our internal document. 
And like head-hardened rails what is the EBITDA, so that is also not revealed. So, because it 
comes in the overall computation that how much is the total EBITDA. So somewhere we earn 
as high as INR 25,000 of EBITDA, somewhere we earn only INR 7,000 of EBITDA. But the 
aim is today that 50% of the products are high EBITDA products with high NSR, high EBITDA, 
and the other 50% products are the low EBITDA products. 
So now we want to switch over from the other 50% with time. So, the 50% of low EBITDA 
products, out of that 30%, means say 50% if it is 4 million or 5 million, then out of that 30% of 
that, say about 1.5 million, 2 million will be again high EBITDA products. These are called the 
value-engineered, value-added products. 
So, this is what we are aiming, and team is working on this under our operation head - Mr. Rajiv 
ji, he is on it and his main aim is how to develop all those grades which are available in the world 
from our mills with the capacity of 6 million tons. 
So, our aim is not to produce 6 million tons commodity, our aim is to produce at least 4 million 
tons out of 6 million tons as the true value-added steel where we get much more value than what 
we incur to produce that product. So, this is what our aim is. Any other questions, please? 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you so much. So, we have few minutes only now. 
Moderator:  
 
Yes, sir. That was the last question, sir.  
Vishal Chandak: 
That was the last question. Okay. Thank you. So, I would request Sharma sir to give his closing 
remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Vidya Ratan Sharma: 
So, thank you, friends, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for listening to us very patiently. And 
I am interacting with you after a long time of four years and it was a pleasure to speak to you, to 

 
Jindal Steel Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
interact with you. We'll be meeting more frequently, not only at investors' meetings after the 
quarter. So, you are welcome to visit our plants, you are welcome to discuss with us, you are 
welcome to see what we are doing, you are welcome to visit our websites. 
So, I request you please be part of this company as a partner, as an investment partner, and let 
us create an environment of positivity everywhere. This is my request, humble request to all of 
you. And keep us guiding as your questions, they always give us a strength basically and 
sometimes we feel that something we are not touching from our management side or on our 
operations, you can ask the questions, you all are the financial specialists, you know the numbers 
well, you can compute well, you can calculate well, you can understand well. 
So, when you convert your thoughts into numbers and numbers into actions, then this gives us a 
big support, and this gives us a big strength to revisit our own work and correct ourselves if we 
are getting wrong somewhere. So, keep on guiding us like this and keep on asking any kind of 
question where you feel that we need to be changed or we need to make some amendment or 
alteration. 
Please ask these questions always, not only at the investors' meeting, you can always write also. 
Write to Vishal and this will come to our complete committee, our board, our senior people who 
are sitting in this particular meeting so that we'll take the corrective measures immediately. 
So, we take your feedback as very healthy feedback, and this is how we can create value for the 
shareholders and we can create value for the company and for the country. So once again, my 
sincere thanks to all of you and Namaskar. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Jindal Steel Limited and Anand Rathi Shares and Stock Brokers 
Limited, that conclude this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you. 
