 
                                                                                              
  
Public
Ref. No.: GIC-HO/BOARD/SE-Q1-T/173/2026-27 
 
       
 
Date: 20th August 2026 
 
To,                                                                 To, 
The Manager                                                  The Manager 
Listing Department                                        Listing Department 
BSE Limited                                              The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers            Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1, 
Dalal Street                                                   G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Mumbai – 400001                                         Mumbai - 400051 
 
Scrip Code: (BSE – 540755/ NSE – GICRE) 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call held with Investors and Analysts to discuss the 
Unaudited financial results for the quarter ended 30th June 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith 
Transcript of the conference call held with Investors and Analysts on Monday, 17th August 
2026, to discuss Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated financial results for the quarter 
ended 30th June 2026. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You.  
 
For General Insurance Corporation of India 
 
(Satheesh Kumar) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl.: A/A 
 
सतीश कुमार 
Digitally signed by SATHEESH 
KUMAR S 
Date: 2026.08.20 16:00:00 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
Public
 
“General Insurance Corporation of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 17, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HITESH JOSHI -- CHAIRMAN CUM MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – GENERAL INSURANCE CORPORATION OF 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJAY MOKASHI – GENERAL MANAGER AND 
CHIEF UNDERWRITING OFFICER – GENERAL 
INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH LAHERI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
GENERAL INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
MS. RADHIKA RAVISHEKAR – CHIEF INVESTMENT 
OFFICER – GENERAL INSURANCE CORPORATION OF 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. NIKITA – ERNST & YOUNG 
 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Public
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to General Insurance Corporation of India Q1 
FY27 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on a touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nikita Atri from EY. Thank you. Over to you, Ms. Atri. 
Nikita Atri: 
Thank you, Renju. Good morning to all the participants on the call, and thank you for joining 
Q1 FY27 earnings call for General Insurance Corporation of India. Please note that we have 
mailed out the press release and presentation to everyone, and now you can see the results on 
our website. It has been uploaded on the stock exchange as well. In case you have not received 
the same, you can write to us and we will be happy to send it over to you. 
 
Before we proceed with the call, let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward-
looking statements that may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors. 
It must be viewed in conjunction with our businesses that could cause future results, 
performances, or achievement to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. 
 
To take us through the results for the quarter and answer our questions, we have with us Mr. 
Hitesh Joshi, Chairman and Managing Director, and other top members of the management at 
GIC. We will be starting the call with a brief overview of the quarter gone by, which will then 
be followed by the Q&A session. 
 
With that said, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Joshi. Over to you, sir. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for GIC's earnings call 
covering the first quarter FY27. As we begin FY27, the global reinsurance industry continues to 
demonstrate resilience supported by strong capitalization and sustained demand for risk transfer 
solutions. While abundant market capacity has resulted in increased competition across certain 
segments, particularly within property catastrophe reinsurance segment, underlying industry 
fundamentals remain supportive and continue to provide opportunities for profitable growth. 
 
In this environment, portfolio quality and prudent risk allocation remain key determinants of 
performance. Reinsurers continue to focus on maintaining risk-adjusted returns through 
selective underwriting and active portfolio management, while investment income remains a 
meaningful contributor to overall profitability. 
 
Against this backdrop, GIC remains well-positioned to navigate evolving market conditions, 
supported by its diversified business profile and strong financial foundation. We continue to 
focus on delivering profitable growth while creating long-term value for our stakeholders. We 
now look at some of the key highlights of our financial performance. 
 
Gross premium income for Q1 FY27 stood at INR13,475.36 crores compared to INR12,388.01 
crores in the corresponding period of the previous year. Investment income for the quarter stood 
at INR3,265.51 crores, vis-a-vis INR3,313.74 crores in the corresponding period last year. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
Public
Incurred claim ratio for the quarter was 85.04% as against 90.42% in the corresponding quarter 
of the previous year. Combined ratio for the quarter stood at 104.88%, compared to 106.94% in 
the corresponding period last year. Profit before tax stood at INR2,490.25 crores for quarter 1 
FY27. Profit after tax was INR1,922.04 crores for the quarter. Solvency ratio improved to 4.32 
as on June 30, 2026, as compared to 3.85 as on June 30, 2025. 
 
The quarter delivered a marked improvement across key underwriting metrics. Lower claims 
experience and an improved combined ratio contributed to a meaningful reduction in 
underwriting losses. The improvement in operating performance reflects the continued benefits 
of portfolio actions undertaken over recent years and demonstrates the resilience of our business 
across market cycles. 
 
As we progress through FY27, our priorities remain centered on maintaining portfolio quality, 
prudent deployment of capital, and disciplined risk selection. While competitive intensity has 
increased across certain markets, we remain focused on opportunities that meet our return 
expectations and support sustainable value creation over the long term. 
 
With a healthy solvency position, diversified portfolio, and strong financial foundation, we 
believe GIC is well-positioned to deliver consistent performance while continuing to support the 
risk protection requirements of clients across domestic and international markets. Thank you. 
 
With that, we now open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Avinash Singh with Emkay Global. 
Avinash Singh: 
One question on domestic Indian reinsurance market. What we have seen, I mean on the fire or 
rather commercial side, in the primary market there have been a steep price decline. The cause 
of this, of course, is the reinsurance support capacity and the kind of prices available are far, far 
lower. 
 
Now, can you comment on the prevailing market condition if we were to segregate the 
reinsurance players or say like GIC, and then you have many of the foreign global insurer 
branches, and third would be maybe offshore and the new shops in GIFT City. Which of these 
players have been very, very aggressive that has led to this situation? 
 
And secondly on that, if the experience in terms of the natural or manmade catastrophic 
continues to be benign, that has been the case for last 1, 2 years that has led to this pricing. Do 
you expect this pricing condition to further deteriorate? Second, if you can provide some 
updates, a rough assessment. Are the losses from the recent flooding activity, particularly in the 
states like Gujarat and all, that is going to be material to cause losses to some of the reinsurers. 
So what will be your assessment of this recent flood-related losses in some of the states? 
Hitesh Joshi: 
Starting with your market segmentation in terms of, say, Indian reinsurers, the foreign reinsurer 
branches, maybe the Gift City players and the cross-border reinsurers. Given that the global 
capacity is ample and fairly surplus, the aggressive stance of the reinsurer is all around. There 
may be some nuance to a particular reinsurer's approach, but overall, almost all players have 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Public
displayed competitive behavior. So that is the first question you put. Second question is that 
what we expect in terms of the price deterioration or competitiveness. 
 
We believe that to the extent the players in the GIFT City will try to scale up their operations, 
their competitive behavior may continue. But as you also pointed out that there are flood losses. 
We have to see how soon the figures come in, how the claims develop, and what will be the 
experience of the players all around, and whether they react to the claims experience, whether 
the claims quantum is enough to influence their behavior. I think these are the levers which we 
need to watch before we conclude anything. Coming to the third point regarding the quantum of 
flood losses, as we usually tell you that it takes a bit of a time before the figures travel to us. 
 
In terms of our experience, it has been our stance that whatever might be the market losses, our 
losses from cat events tend to be around 30% to 40%. So if there is any estimate available with 
anyone for any flood event, we could be having a participation of 30% to 40%. Avinash, does it 
help? 
Avinash Singh: 
Yes. One follow-up, if I may. Now, if I see in this quarter, you have kind of grown and retained 
life reinsurance piece meaningfully. Now, historically, you have been typically more of a general 
insurer side insurer than life. But last 5, 6 years, you have been growing in life as well. 
 
But overall experience on the life side including that unfortunate COVID year, COVID Delta 
wave. The life side, you have not been making much profit. Now, in this backdrop, what has led 
to this growing so much in life? Has the pricing environment been supportive or is it that, okay, 
in order to gain market share, you have gone a bit aggressive here. So if you can help us 
understand your strategy around life. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
I agree with you that for us, life is a focus area and will continue to grow. Coming to the 
performance and results, I think it is probably too short a period to judge on this portfolio. We 
have during various earnings call and also other interactions have indicated the reasons, 
particularly the reserve strengthening carried out. So I would suggest that life portfolio needs to 
be watched over a period of couple of years, because ultimately it continues to remain 
competitive and one has to watch a particular segment over a cycle rather than a couple of years. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Sanketh Godha with Avendus Spark. 
Sanketh Godha: 
My first question is on overseas combined ratios. I have seen for many years, for the first time 
probably you reported an underwriting profit with 95 combined. And I see bulk of the 
improvement happened in fire segment, which is a dominant piece in your overseas business. 
 
Just wanted to understand what materially changed in overseas business, which led to this 
improvement in the overseas segment, whether this is structural, transient? Given you even 
alluded to the concept pricing competition or the market is still soft and the international markets 
will improve the numbers. Just wanted to understand color here, sir. Hello? 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
On foreign portfolio, our focus has been specific more because it has not produced desired results 
in the past. So we are looking at our portfolio class by class. We are also looking at our 
underwriting guidelines, our underwriting approach, if anything needs to be changed in terms of 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Public
our past experience. But having said that, I would add that quarter result may not be an indication 
of the entire efforts that we are putting in improvement of the portfolio.  
 
Sorry for that interruption. I am not sure where we lost the line, but just to recap quickly, as I 
mentioned that our focus has been on foreign portfolio, which has not performed to our 
expectation, and we are looking at every portfolio carefully and taking necessary action. Having 
said that, I would suggest that one quarter result may not give an entire picture of what has 
changed in the portfolio. There is some amount of seasonality in foreign portfolio, and I would 
suggest that let us wait for further quarters to develop, to look at exactly how the portfolio is 
developing in terms of our expectation. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood, sir. Yes, sir, but just a follow-up, sir. Given we were at 120% in last year in foreign 
portfolio, and given we started at minus 95%, is it fair to say that there could be at least 10, 15 
percent improvement in the combined ratio? Even first quarter is not a true representative 
compared to what we experienced last year. 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
Although we have taken measures on both property and motor, which are our significant 
portfolios, even aviation, although it is not a significant portion of our foreign portfolio, we are 
looking at it very closely and taking necessary action in terms of how we can improve the quality 
of the portfolio. I would still say that the first quarter may also involve some accounting entries 
as well that may not be exactly resulting in the outcome that we expect. We expect the foreign 
portfolio to increase significantly. At this stage, we would refrain from putting a number to it. 
Although over 3 to 5 years, we have set goals for ourselves. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood, sir. Sir, but given the prudence, probably is largely the reason why overseas 
business did not grow in the current year because there was an expectation that with rating 
upgrade, probably your foreign business will do well in the current year. But in the quarter, we 
have declined by 6%. So anything to read there? 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
Yes, it is a reflection of how we are looking at our portfolio. I had mentioned this in the previous 
quarter results also, that particularly in motor, we have taken corrective measures in respect of 
contracts which were not developing in the desired way. We have taken some hard decisions in 
motor. We are also streamlining our aviation portfolio. We are having a close look at our 
overseas cargo portfolio. 
 
Having said that, property having the maximum share in the portfolio, that is also a focus area. 
Yes, we will improve our portfolio, but I would suggest that we wait for further quarters. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood, sir. Sir, just want to understand that your domestic, clearly there is softness in the 
fire market. I am assuming that it would have declined for us too in domestic business. But we 
still reported 12.3% growth for the quarter, and it seems to be driven by largely health. When I 
see the combined ratio also, to some extent, it seems to have deteriorated either because of motor 
or health in the domestic piece. 
 
Just wanted to understand your strategy, whether health, what exactly businesses you are writing, 
whether you think profitability will be there in this line of business. Consequently, if you can 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Public
even give me a color, what kind of combined would be there in the domestic business from a 
full year perspective, given it has deteriorated in quarter on sequential year-on-year basis? 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
Yes, you have rightly observed that health, we have grown in other than property segment. 
Property being the way on the direct side, there is heavy competition in the property segment. 
In other segment too, there are competitive pressure, but our focus has been in growing other 
than property segment in this particular year. As far as health is concerned, our focus is more on 
the retail health segment rather than the corporate or group health segment, where we believe 
the profitability lies. The nature of health portfolio is such that there is a significant portion of 
obligatory there. 
 
So obligatory portion will reflect the market growth, and the non-obligatory portion gets 
influenced by certain major contracts. If we win those contracts, you will see spike in our health 
portfolio. If we don't win that contract, you might see a dip in that particular portfolio. Health, 
we have been able to write certain contracts, the targeted contracts, which show the growth 
segment. As I mentioned that we have been focusing on the retail healthcare. 
 
In motor, yes, there has been deterioration in domestic motor portfolio. It is largely from the 
treaties that we have written in the past. There are competitive pressures on the motor segment, 
but it is developing to our expectations. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood, sir. Just last 2 points. One, given today morning, IRDAI gave an advisory to 
reinsurance market that you cannot give such huge discounts like 99% to the benchmark rate. 
Given there is an advisory from regulator in the morning on their website, is it fair to say that 
some sort of discipline probably in Indian domestic fire market or property market can come 
back a bit? 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
Sir, IRDAI has issued a directive on July 22 as well in property segment where they have flagged 
the rates being quoted on the direct side. We are in touch with insurance market, with the 
insurers, and we are having conversation with them as to what measures they are taking in 
response to IRDAI directive. It is only a guidance, so let us see how the impact will be over next 
2 to 3 quarters. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood, sir. Lastly, you just did not answer this question on domestic. We reported in the 
quarter 107.5 combined. How do you see full year to playing out? Is it to be better than the last 
year? Or you think it could be similar given you have CAT events and also motor is generally 
deteriorating for the industry, and you have a pressure in fire segment too. 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
The major renewals in the domestic segment are on 1st April, and we have used whatever 
handles, reinsurance tools we have, whereby we support the domestic insurers as well as we 
protect the interest of all our stakeholders. Yes, on one hand, there are competitive pressures in 
the market. On the other hand, we have taken certain measures on the reinsurance side, and let 
us see how the results pan out. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Karthikeyan K, an Individual Investor. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Public
Karthikeyan K: 
I have a couple of questions related to growth. What is the growth that you are expecting for the 
domestic and international? Now considering the fact, I mean, the lot of portfolio pruning and 
all that you are doing. Next question is, we are continuously seeing the losses in life. When are 
we going to see a turnaround in that portfolio? 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
In terms of growth, we have set a target of roughly about 10%. It varies for domestic and foreign. 
In foreign, we would expect a more pronounced growth than the domestic market. 
 
That is about growth. We will also be managing the cycle. There are soft cycle and taking a 
review mid-year this year as to whether our growth target needs to be relooked, needs to be 
revised based on our experience mid-year. 
 
In terms of losses in life, as our CMD, sir, in his opening remark mentioned, or in one of the 
answers to one of the questions you mentioned, that life re results need to be seen over a cycle 
rather than for a short period of time. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
Our stand remains what we have earlier advised that in domestic market, despite the competitive 
pressure, our goal will be to maintain our market share. On foreign side, to the extent we have 
got our rating back, and we are in touch with all the cedents and markets where we lost our 
business, which we had prior to rating downgrade. So we will be trying to inch up on all those 
aspects. At the same time, the pruning will continue, and our guidance on overall underwriting 
performance improvement remains. 
Karthikeyan K: 
I completely understand on the foreign part. At one point of time, we had almost INR18,000 
crores of premium coming from foreign portfolio. Is it possible to reach that maybe in couple of 
years? Maybe next 2 years. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
Maybe not in a couple of years because of the significant softening trends, the same exposure is 
coming at a lesser premium. But maybe not in 2 years, maybe 3 or 4 years. While we have the 
broader targets and goals and direction, we are not really keen on pursuing those targets at the 
cost of overall risk-return optimization. We are very much focused on return on equity and 
shareholder value creation. All these targets will be directional but not driving our decision 
making. 
Karthikeyan K: 
Got it. And sir, see the credit rating upgrade to A, any timelines you have in mind? 
Hitesh Joshi: 
That is difficult to say because there are very many factors in terms of the business model, the 
global softening trends, and where we end up in terms of our financial and business competitive 
position. Also, there are 2 major developments which are in the offing, the IFRS and the RBC. 
It is not really possible to give any timeline, but if things go all right, probably one can expect 
in a period of, say, something like 4 to 5 years. 
Karthikeyan K: 
Okay. You had mentioned in some interviews, like your company has to focus on specialty 
insurance. I mean, rather than going for, say, fire or property in the international market. How 
big is an opportunity the specialty part and can you elaborate on that part? 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Public
Hitesh Joshi: 
See, as a global reinsurer, I think the entire global markets are available. It is basically 
approaching those markets and picking and choosing one's risk selection, one's path in building 
a risk portfolio which is so very material. Because if you look at, say, GIC's market share 
globally, it will be fairly small because this market is essentially dominated by, say, Europe and 
U.S. So given the market share that GIC has on the international book, the scope is tremendous. 
All the classes, specialty classes, casualty. But it also requires a different level of skill set. So 
we have to have a calibrated approach, and that is what we are planning to pursue. 
Karthikeyan K: 
Okay. So one final question. The presentation or whatever is put in the website, the investment 
slide is showing the March data rather than the June end data. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
We will correct it if there is a mistake. We will take a look at it. 
Karthikeyan K: 
That's fine, but I just want to know what's the current investment book like. I mean, from debt, 
equity, and money market and all other parts, what's the current size of the book by end of June? 
Radhika Ravishekar: 
This is Radhika Ravishekar, the CIO. 73.4% is in the fixed income securities, sir. Around 17% 
in equity and around 8.67% or something in money market instruments. 
Karthikeyan K: 
What is the quantum of the book? I mean, it was like INR117,000 crores as of the end of March. 
Radhika Ravishekar: 
INR120,000 and odd crores on book value basis. Market value is INR152,000 crores. 
 Management: 
INR157,000 crores. 
Radhika Ravishekar: 
Sorry, INR157,000 crores. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
Essentially, the share of debt in our book-on-book value basis doesn't fluctuate much because it 
is a fairly stable book. We are not planning to reduce our equity share in a very major way, which 
continues to be around 17%. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Jenish Shah, an Individual Investor. 
Jenish Shah: 
I have 2 questions. One first is with regard to the Gujarat flood. Basically, you mentioned that 
the numbers are still coming. Is there anything which is provided right now in the numbers in 
the Q1 results? That is first question. 
 
Second is a bit on the growth and the profitability. You are trying to balance both of it. But it 
seems like for last couple of years, you have been setting the target, especially on how the 
business looks like in terms of an international. You aspire to be 50/50. But it looks like we are 
still on the downhill path, at least on the international side. 
 
And there are headwinds to go up in that number. Profitability, obviously, the job has been much 
better than expected, and I congratulate on that. But looking at this current environment, your 
aspiration to reduce that combined ratio by one percentage point every year, how feasible that 
looks like in this year and the next year for the profitability to perform in the business? And the 
third is on the obligatory part. I have seen this quarter, the obligatory portion has been around 
33% of the domestic book. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Public
 
Is it the new norm that we are looking at that the obligatory side of the book is going to see a 
lower contribution? Although I have also observed that has come with a little bit of a higher 
combined ratio on the domestic side. Usually, you have been around 102, 103. This time it has 
been 107. If you can give a little understanding about these 3 aspects, how are these going to 
shape up in this year and maybe next couple of years for you in this aspect? 
Hitesh Joshi: 
So to start with Gujarat flood, our provisioning is INR400 crores plus. 
Management: 
INR440 crores. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
INR442 crores. 
Management: 
INR440 crores. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
INR440 crores. That is the provision we have made in the Q1. Thank you for recognizing that 
there are better profitability trends than your expectation. 50/50 that we talk about domestic 
versus international is fairly a long-term goal, given that the domestic market continues to be the 
growth driver globally in comparison to the other global markets. As you rightly recognized, 
and we agree fully that it is an uphill task. 
 
So 50/50 is absolutely long-term goal. What we are presently targeting with a medium-term in 
view is 60/40. But again, our goal will be 60/40, but as I said that domestic market outgrows the 
global market, so it will be a tough job. We continue to try to optimize the risk-return balance, 
and that is where our entire energy is devoted. As I said that these targets are just targets. 
 
They can't drive the decision-making beyond a point. Now, coming to the 1% improvement, we 
have further drilled down, and we are now differentiating between domestic book and foreign 
book. And we would like to have combined ratio target for domestic book at something like 103 
and the foreign book at 95 in line with the global markets. So that is what we should be targeting. 
That is the global trend in terms of the reinsurance market profitability. 
Jenish Shah: 
Is there any timeline to it? 
Hitesh Joshi: 
Timeline, I think we are fairly close to 103. 95, again, we feel that probably in a span of 2 to 3 
years. Again, coming to the third question that I think you are right that it is our effort to grow 
our non-obligatory book. I think that is partly getting obvious from the figures. 
Jenish Shah: 
Yes. Is it going to come at the cost of the profitability? Other speakers also mentioned that life 
insurance is a new area, and that's where the losses are still coming in, and your experience is 
very new to it. Is that an experiment which we are doing to mitigate the effect of the obligatory 
side of the business? 
Hitesh Joshi: 
We will be mindful of the profitability. I would not at all agree that we are experimenting. Our 
book in life has been fairly stable at around a 20% market share. Now that we are going to focus, 
it will grow. It is certainly not an experiment. It is backed by actuarial analysis and all the 
analysis that is usually available to a reinsurer. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Public
Jenish Shah: 
Okay. Lastly, in spite of all that observation, been following this company for last 3 years and 
have seen consistent improvement in the performance of the company. Although the growth 
rates have been a little bit slower than what I've expected. But in terms of the shareholder returns, 
it's nowhere near the expectation. You also recently the government has reduced its stake. 
 
But it looks like the market is not recognizing the kind of performance which you have, which 
you've been delivering. Is there any thoughts around and, of course, the one part which I want 
to also mention about is the capital. I think the capital is far more-- the solvency ratio which 
you're following is far more higher. And with the kind of performance that you have, it will keep 
ballooning. Your return on equity is absolutely online, but I'm saying what is lacking here is a 
growth. 
 
I think the profitability is already you've achieved, but the growth is still lacking, and that's one 
reason why probably it looks like to me that the market is not recognizing. So maybe on 2 part, 
one on your call on the market, is there anything which the management is mindful about having 
the kind of valuation it's been trading in the market? The second is about the capital. What's your 
plan on capital? Because it keeps increasing very fast in the absence of growth. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
Our rising solvency at 4.3 has to be seen in the context of the improving performance. The 
conservative approach that we have followed because we have come out of a rating downgrade 
and we are aspiring for now the next level, which is A from A minus. At the same time, we also 
have to keep in mind that we are in the phase of implementation of IFRS and RBC. 
 
Any growth globally in terms of reclaiming our business that we had as an A-reinsurer, getting 
that business back takes time, and that is why this entire focus on rebalancing the catastrophe 
exposures on property side as well as growth in casualty on the international side. 
 
We are very much mindful, but I think we will have to be a little patient, and our focus will 
continue to be on more on profitability versus growth on the specialty and global book. Maybe 
solvency will come down gradually. We do not want to grow at the cost of profitability. 
Jenish Shah: 
Okay. Any thoughts on the shareholder value creation, sir? Thank you. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
I think we will continue to be focused on our return on equity, and you can expect some 
improvement. I think when we are talking about 1% overall improvement in combined ratio or, 
say, domestic getting targeted at 103 combined ratio and foreign at 95 over a period of, say, 
something like next 2 to 3 years, that should give you some idea as to what will be the 
improvement in return on equity. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Saima Ali, JP Morgan. 
Saima Ali: 
I had 2 data keeping questions. First was, what is the split of your investment book by market 
value in terms of equity and debt? Also, second question was, if your investment book on the 
market value basis incorporates your mark to market for NSE, like your share of investment in 
NSE. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Public
Radhika Ravishekar: 
Yes, this is Radhika Ravishekar again, the CIO. Market value as told is INR157,800 crores. That 
includes only equity, which is around INR58,000 crores, because debt is kept at cost only in ours 
as it is held to maturity. Regarding your second question regarding NSE, it includes NSE also. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Shubham Kothari, an Individual Investor. 
Shubham Kothari: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. I had a few questions. The first one, I was seeing the investor 
presentation, and in that the slide which explains the net worth excluding fair value change. In 
Q1, it has fallen from INR51,000 crores to INR45,000 crores despite us reporting a profit. Can 
you please explain why has this fallen, the net worth? 
Hitesh Joshi: 
I think our net worth has only increased. We will recheck the figures. Because excluding fair 
value, there is no reason for the net worth to drop. 
Shubham Kothari: 
Exactly. Yes. Because there is a significant drop of almost INR6,000 crores from March to June, 
so I was not sure why it is dropping. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
We will check and we can come back. If you can share your contact details or maybe contact us. 
Shubham Kothari: 
Yes, sure. That's the first question. Second one, I'm seeing the net worth, including fair value 
change from FY 2024 to FY 2026, and it is largely being flat from INR81,000 crores to 
INR84,000 crores. That's been the range. Whereas our profits have been almost INR7,000 crores 
to INR8,000 crores on a yearly basis. 
 
Can you help me understand why the net worth, including fair value change, has been flat despite 
profits? If this is the IFRS linked net worth, then does that mean our ROE at an IFRS level would 
be like broadly zero to 2% range? 
Hitesh Joshi: 
We are yet to get into IFRS regime for the corporation. Whatever is the change in fair value is 
only entirely because of the... 
Shubham Kothari: 
Fair value changes in quarter to quarter. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
It is entirely because of the reduction in fair value. 
Shubham Kothari: 
Which is fine. I understand it could be because of your equity market value changes, the 
investments which you do. But then why is the net worth being flat between that INR80,000 to 
INR84,000 levels for the last 3 years, despite good profitability? Is it good to assume that the 
profits which we have reported has been offset by, let's say, reduction in the fair market value 
of the equity investment? 
Hitesh Joshi: 
That has to be the only answer. 
Radhika Ravishekar: 
There is a small reduction. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
Yes, I agree. What you say is correct. 
Radhika Ravishekar: 
INR11,000 to INR15,000. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Public
Shubham Kothari: 
Okay. That is a significant number, net worth is flat for the last 3 years. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
Without fair value, I think it is very positive. 
Radhika Ravishekar: 
Including fair value. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, the management line has been reconnected. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
Mr. Shubham, are you there? 
Shubham Kothari: 
Yes. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
What you say is correct. I think almost entire change on the net worth, including fair value, is 
on account of essentially market value changes. You are right in including the profit or whatever 
is the financial performance, changing the net worth. The only variable which is moving this is 
market value, fair value. 
Shubham Kothari: 
Okay, which also will largely be from equity, because the other fixed income instruments would 
not really have a falling value. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
No, we only mark to market and consider fair value for equity, not for debt. The entire 
explanation has to come from fair value. 
Shubham Kothari: 
Okay. It is quite a significant number, so would be good to understand maybe next time the 
details around that. Why has the fair value reduced so much? 
Hitesh Joshi: 
Sure. 
Shubham Kothari: 
And last our Q1 performance in terms of consolidated profitability, that came lower than the 
standalone profit. I maybe missed the first part of the transcript call. Can you explain which 
subsidiary is causing the loss and what was the loss reason? 
Rajesh Laheri: 
This is Rajesh Laheri, CFO. There is no loss per se, but the profit has decreased basically. For 
AICL, this has decreased by almost 60%. Decrease is there in their profit for this quarter. This 
is very first quarter, so it is not the real indicator for the full year. Other associate companies we 
have seen some losses also. Similarly, for other subsidiary companies, there are some changes 
actually happening in the very first quarter. That is why this figure is a little lower. 
Shubham Kothari: 
Okay. The guidance for the entire year at a consolidated level would still be slightly -- gross in 
terms of profitability? 
Rajesh Laheri: 
If you want to know subsidiary company-wise, South Africa, we have shown INR287 crores 
loss during this quarter, and Moscow some INR29 crores loss from the subsidiary. That has 
resulted into the lower figure compared to last year in consolidated operating profit. Okay? 
Shubham Kothari: 
Okay. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Public
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Anushree, an Individual Investor. 
Anushree: 
My question is just a very plain one on the business. As we could see from the financials and 
annual reports that the company has been growing share in its health insurance business. If we 
speak very macroeconomically, obviously the medical costs here in India are rising, and that is 
one reason, the prominent reason why we see the health insurance sector to be riding a lot of 
premiums. 
 
My question is, an increased business in health insurance can bring a lot of reinsurance business 
for the company, but doesn't it mean also a lot of claims could be settled, a lot of claims can 
actually come in? While the focus is on improving the underwriting, I mean, the combined ratio, 
doesn't the growing business in health insurance mean a lot of claims could come in and then 
that could affect the profitability? 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
Yes, Anushree, your observations are right that health insurance is growing because of medical 
costs. But health insurance is also growing because a lot many new buyers are buying health 
insurance. 
 
With regard to your specific question whether the portfolio growth can bring more losses, the 
answer is on reinsurance side, we are focusing more on the retail segment rather than the 
corporate or group health segment. 
 
And our observation, our analysis shows us that it is this segment which is more loss-prone, and 
retail is a better performing segment. With this measured and calibrated approach, we hope that 
whatever happens on the direct side, we get protected on the reinsurance side. Hope that answers. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, we have reached the end of question-
and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Management: 
Thank you all for joining in. As we have explained and we have elaborated on our philosophy 
towards the business, profitability will be the driving factor as compared to the growth. We have 
now further subdivided our targets for domestic underwriting combined ratio and foreign 
combined ratio. We hope to do a much better job going forward in line with what we have been 
doing. Thank you for engaging. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of General Insurance Corporation of India, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
