 
VAIBHAV GLOBAL LIMITED 
Registered Office: E-69, EPIP, Sitapura Industrial Area, Jaipur-302022, Rajasthan, India • Phone: +91-141-2770648; +91-141-2771975 
 
CIN: L36911RJ1989PLC004945 • Email: investor_relations@vaibhavglobal.com • Website: www.vaibhavglobal.com 
 
Ref: VGL/CS/2026/76
Date: 11th August, 2026
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Bandra Kurla Complex,
Dalal Street,
Bandra, Mumbai – 400 051
Mumbai – 400 001
Symbol: VAIBHAVGBL 
Scrip Code: 532156
 
Subject: Submission of transcript of conference call 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
With reference to captioned subject, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call held on Wednesday, 05th August, 2026. 
 
 
The same is also available on the Company’s website at www.vaibhavglobal.com 
 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Yours truly, 
 
For Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
 
Yashasvi Pareek 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A39220 
 
 
Encl: as above 
YASHASVI 
PAREEK
Digitally signed by YASHASVI PAREEK 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=720AE9C5403221353542F761884D005C3
F5045F3EF03305AACA1D93A70E09595, 
postalCode=302021, st=Rajasthan, 
serialNumber=71EBB5FECF784D7FEC26D8DF5B51
5AFA8B0E4CFC643BCAE27F213751B60FB3E5, 
cn=YASHASVI PAREEK 
Date: 2026.08.11 15:31:33 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
Q1 FY '27 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUNIL AGRAWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
VAIBHAV GLOBAL LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN PANWAD – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – VAIBHAV GLOBAL LIMITED 
 
MR. VIVEK JAIN – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
VAIBHAV GLOBAL LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  
MS. NATASHA SINGH – ARIHANT CAPITAL MARKETS 
LIMITED  
 
 

 
Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Vaibhav Global Limited Q1 FY '27 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Arihant Capital Markets Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Natasha Singh from Arihant Capital Markets Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Natasha Singh: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Vaibhav Global Limited 
earnings conference call for Q1 FY '27. We have with us Mr. Sunil Agrawal, Managing Director; 
Mr. Nitin Panwad, Group CFO; and Mr. Vivek Jain, Head of Investor Relations. We will begin 
the call with an opening remarks by Mr. Sunil Agrawal on the business operations, key initiatives 
and Board outlook, followed by discussion on the financial performance by Mr. Nitin sir. After 
which the management will open the forum for the Q&A session. 
 
Before we get started, I would like to point out that some statements made or discussed on today's 
call may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction with the risks and 
uncertainties that we face. A detailed statement and explanation of this risk is included in the 
earnings presentation, which has been uploaded and shared with you all earlier. The company 
does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements publicly. 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Sunil Agrawal sir to make his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Thank you, Natasha. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining VGL's Q1 FY '27 
earnings conference call. I trust you have had a chance to review our results and the investor 
presentation. We have commenced FY '27 on a healthy note, building on the momentum of FY 
'26. 
 
For the June quarter, we reported consolidated revenue of INR917 crores, a growth of 12.7% Y-
o-Y. EBITDA came in at INR102 crores, up 37% year-on-year with EBITDA margin at 11%, a 
strong improvement from 9.2% in Q1 FY '26. Profit after tax grew 50% year-on-year to INR56 
crores. 
 
Reported growth benefited from favorable foreign exchange and U.S. tariff refund during the 
quarter. On a constant currency basis, revenue was broadly flat, largely due to Middle East 
conflict-related disruptions early in the quarter and a cautious consumer spending environment 
across our key markets. These are near-term factors and do not change the long-term growth 
potential of our business or our progress against strategic priorities. 
 
Let me briefly touch upon the macro backdrop. In the U.S., consumer confidence stayed weak 
through the quarter, with households prioritizing essentials over discretionary categories in face 
of increased fuel costs. Against this backdrop, our U.S. business delivered a steady performance, 

 
Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
a resilient outcome relative to the wider caution across the discretionary retail sectors and one 
that reflects the continued strength of our value-oriented omnichannel proposition. 
 
In the U.K., the overall operating environment remained challenging during the quarter with 
consumers staying cautious on discretionary spending. While the core TJC business was 
subdued, our proprietary brand, Rachel Galley and Ideal World continued to perform strongly 
and helped offset the broader softness. Overall, U.K. performance remained flat, but the 
momentum in these 2 brands remain encouraging and gives us confidence in the medium-term 
recovery of the market. 
 
In Germany, consumer sentiment showed early signs of stabilization on the back of improving 
income expectations. Our Germany business also delivered good growth of 6% in local currency 
with improving margins during the quarter. As you will recall, Germany achieved EBITDA 
breakeven for the full year FY '26. And I'm pleased to confirm that the business is now on track 
to contribute positively to group profitability from FY '27, consistent with the trajectory we had 
guided to. 
 
Coming to our strategic priorities, our in-house brands now contribute around 57% of B2C sales, 
sustaining the milestone we crossed during FY '26 and continuing to support our margins and 
sourcing efficiencies. Digital sales accounted for 45% of B2C revenue during the quarter. And 
we remain on track to reach our 50% digital mix target by the end of FY '27. Lab-grown 
diamonds continued the strong momentum at around 13% of retail revenue, broadening our price 
architecture and making a clear shift in consumer preference. 
 
Our growth continues to be guided by our 4 R priorities, that is reach, new customer registration, 
retention and repeat purchases. During the quarter, our TV networks reached around 127 million 
households globally, consistent with recent quarters. Unique customers stood at 6.77 lakhs and 
retention at 38%. 
 
I would like to share a bit of context here. The moderation in customer count and retention 
reflects our deliberate shift towards higher value, higher lifetime value customers, primarily with 
scale-up of our lab-grown diamond portfolio, which has a higher ASP of around USD 250. 
Average pieces per customer on a trailing 12-month basis remained healthy at 23 and customer 
economics have improved meaningfully. 
 
During the quarter, we have successfully migrated all our key e-commerce platforms from 
Salesforce to Shopify Enterprise e-com platform. This is a significant structural step and marks 
an important milestone in our journey towards becoming a truly digital native organization. With 
this migration, we now operate on a unified cloud-based and highly scalable technology 
backbone across all our brands and geographies. 
 
This gives us several important advantages. Faster deployment of new features across markets, 
a single unified view of customers across TV and digital channels, seamless integration with 
modern marketing technology, analytics and AI tools, improved site performance and 
conversions and lower long-term platform costs, which also positions us to launch and scale new 
brands, categories and geographies with far greater speed and efficiency. 

 
Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
On AI initiatives, we have implemented many important AI tools encompassing product 
scheduling, content generation, personalized marketing and demand forecasting, et cetera. This 
transformation is helping us fundamentally reengineer how we operate, evolving from traditional 
TV-led retailer with digital add-ons into an integrated digital first AI-led omnichannel retailer. 
We believe this shift will be a key structural driver of both growth and operating leverage over 
the coming years. 
 
Sustainability and community remain at the core of our business. Our ICRA ESG rating stood 
at 74, marked as strong. In line with FY '26, under our flagship Your Purchase Feeds program, 
we have now served over 115 million meals to school going children since inception, currently 
providing around 58,000 meals every school day. We remain committed to our long-term goal 
of 1 million meals per school day by FY '40. 
 
On capital allocation, the Board has recommended a first interim dividend of INR1.5 per equity 
share. On the outlook front, we reiterate our FY '27 guidance of 9% to 11% revenue growth with 
EBITDA margin expansion of 50 to 100 basis points over FY '26. 
 
Looking further ahead, we remain confident in our journey towards achieving 12% to 15% 
growth in mid- to long-term as we continue to scale our digital platforms across geographies, 
brands and channels. 
 
With that, I will hand over the call to Nitin to take you through the financial performance in 
greater detail. Over to you, Nitin. 
Nitin Panwad: 
Thank you, Sunil. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I will now take 
you through the key financial and operational highlights for the first quarter of FY '27. We have 
started the year on a strong note, delivering another quarter of profitable growth. 
 
Revenue from operations stood at INR917 crores, a growth of 12.7% year-over-year, despite a 
relatively soft consumer spending environment across some of our key international markets. 
EBITDA increased 37% year-over-year to INR102 crores and EBITDA margin expanded to 
11%, up from 9.2% in Q1 FY '26. 
 
Profit after tax grew 50% year-over-year to INR56 crores, with PAT margin improving to 6%. 
The improvement in profitability reflects the continued benefit in our strategic initiatives around 
product mix, operating efficiencies and cost discipline. 
 
In local currency terms, our Q1 FY '27 growth was 4% in U.S., flat in U.K. and 6% in Germany. 
Overall B2C growth is 2% in U.S. dollar terms. And excluding the impact of tariff refunds, it is 
largely flat. 
 
In the U.S., our vertically integrated model and diversified sourcing helped us to expand margins 
despite ongoing tariff-led pressures and softer consumer demand. In the U.K., Ideal World 
continued its strong momentum with healthy double-digit growth. Overall, U.K. performance 
remained flat, but momentum in Ideal World and Rachel Galley remained encouraging and gives 
us confidence in medium-term recovery of the market. 

 
Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
Germany continued a meaningful improvement in bottom line. While EBITDA for the quarter 
was marginally above breakeven, the underlying trajectory remained on track. We remain 
confident that Germany will contribute meaningfully to our group profitability from FY '27. 
 
In line with our earlier commitment, Mindful Souls, our first digital acquisition brand, also 
continued its steady performance with strong gross margin and growing consumer base. On 
channel mix, digital revenue grew 21% year-over-year to INR398 crores, while television 
revenue grew 9% to INR484 crores. 
 
Digital now contributes around 45% of our B2C revenue. And we remain firmly on a track to 
cross 50% mark during FY '27. This digital transition is important because it allow us to build a 
stronger customer relationship, improve customer acquisition economics, and generate better 
lifetime value through first-party customer data. 
 
Lifestyle products contribute around 40% of B2C revenue this quarter, with a medium-term 
target of 50%. Our budget pay option, which allows consumer to pay for purchase on EMI, 
remained popular and accounted for 36% of our total retail revenue. 
 
Gross margin for the quarter was 67%, reflecting the strength of our vertically integrated 
business model and our in-house brand mix. On the cost side, we continue to see benefit from 
headcount rationalization, better logistic efficiencies, sharper airtime negotiation, and higher 
utilization of automation and AI tools across the organization. Our digital marketing spend 
remain focused on acquiring higher quality of customers with better lifetime value, which is 
helping strengthen long-term customer economics. 
 
Net cash position stood at INR287 crores as of 30 June 2026, giving us the flexibility to continue 
investing in growth while maintaining strong capital discipline. Returns ratio remained healthy, 
ROCE at 24%, ROE at 18%. The board has declared a first interim dividend of INR1.5 per 
equity share. 
 
While we remain disciplined on cost, we continue to invest in the areas that create long-term 
shareholder value, scaling digital commerce across geographies, deepening own brand 
penetration, expanding lifestyle categories, growing our lab-grown diamond portfolio, 
embedding AI across customer acquisition, retention, merchandising, and strengthening 
customer engagement through our own digital platform. These investments are designed to 
improve customer lifetime value while simultaneously expanding margin over the medium term. 
 
To conclude, we are pleased with our progress made during the first quarter. We have entered 
FY '27 with a healthy business momentum, improving profitability, a robust balance sheet, and 
multiple growth drivers that position us well for the future. 
 
Thank you. We can now open the floor for the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is on the line of Aditya Jhawar from AK Investment. 
Please proceed with your question. 

 
Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Great set of numbers. Congratulations to the team. So my first 
question is regarding the guidance which we have shared, that FY 2030 vision, that is INR5,000 
crores to INR5,500 crore, which looks very skeptical, I mean, when I do a CAGR, of roughly 
10% revenue growth. And what sort of margins are we thinking when we are talking about FY 
'30? Can you just clarify on that? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Thanks, Aditya. For mid to long-term guidance, the macroeconomics is very volatile. And 
considering the shift from our TV to digital, we are confident that we continued our expansion 
in our digital platforms, like Meta or social commerce or TikTok and other platforms. We have 
given a guidance to hit INR5,000 crores mark. 
 
In margin terms, it is continuously improving with the vertically integrated business model we 
have. We have -- our target is to improve the margin higher than our revenue growth that we do. 
And that we have delivered in past 2 years as our digital share is expanding. 
 
And in terms of the margin, where it will drive from, mainly improvement in gross margin that 
you see in our current quarter as well. Gross margin will continue to improve. Keeping in line, 
our digital investment will continue to increase. So our overall EBITDA margin guidance will 
be in terms of improving trend. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
So it will be 15% to 18%? And what will be the ballpark range? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Specific number is difficult to guide, but it will be improving. It will be in improving trend. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Okay. Okay. But still, sir, I mean, 10% revenue growth, if you talk about 12% EBITDA or PAT 
growth, it looks very -- I mean, now, we are making roughly this year we are making INR4,000 
crores. And in the next 3 to 4 years, 3 years, we are talking about this number, which looks very 
-- I mean, it's very difficult to think that, okay, we are just growing this much. 
 
Because we have made our investments in Germany and we thought that, okay, the revenue 
growth and this should be higher when the environment improves if we are going into digital. 
But, yes, that's what it is. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Okay. Second question. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Yes. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes, Aditya. I agree, but the macroeconomic environment is very volatile. It keeps on changing 
with how the world is moving towards different war, oil prices up and down. So considering all 
in our mind, we have kept our number like that. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Okay. And secondly, my question is, every year we are throwing lot of free cash flow, right? 
And we are returning as a dividend. So, here I have 2 questions. One is, why are we not doing a 
buyback which is shareholder accretive? I've asked in the last call also. I'm asking again, why 
are we not doing that? And secondly, when we are throwing this much cash, why are we not 
being very -- little aggressive, like starting an initiative, like we have experience now 50% of 
revenue comes through digital, right? We have a good experience. We can pivot into a small 

 
Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
team and start venturing how do we explore the India market. Because here lot of new brands 
are trying to create lot of value. 
 
So I think there has to be some initiative from the board that we need to think about how we can 
grow 15% to 20% rather than 10%. If geo-economical are not good, then, we have to focus on 
India market. How we can create a brand, because right now with AI, website building is not a 
tough initiative to do it. 
 
And you have lot of e-commerce channel where the delivery can be fast. I think we should be 
little aggressive in order to create a shareholder value in the long run. If we are growing at 10% 
CAGR for 4 to 5 years and there is no margin improvement, I mean, how shareholders will make 
money sitting in Vaibhav Global? These are 2 straight questions from my end. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Thank you, Aditya, for your questions. So first, in terms of free cash flow, we keep on generating 
our cash and distributing dividend of almost INR100 crores every year. Our internal assessment 
is that we need to create some cushion of $50 million to $100 million with us for any opportunity 
comes with us, for not only just acquisition or any other thing to expand our business. So that 
internal strategy we are keeping for not doing buyback right now, until we have a $50 million to 
$100 million kind of cushion with us. 
 
Apart from that, the other question in terms of coming into India market, India is definitely a 
lucrative market. But the first opportunity for us is that we have last 20 years operating in 
Western economy. And that itself has a larger potential like U.S. and the Germany market has, 
to grow digital business much faster. 
 
The changes we are doing internally from shifting our live television to a digital native business 
that recently transformed from Salesforce Commerce Cloud to Shopify platform, also one of the 
major steps to expand our digital platform. 
 
Margin improvement, we are giving the guidance to improving the margin every year 
comparatively., we have considered keeping all the macroeconomic fundamentals, how the other 
business and the economy is evolving. So right now, the board is not just throwing out the idea 
of coming into India. But right now, our first focus is to expand our existing digital business, 
what we have in U.S. you can jump. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
I understood that we are expanding. But what I was saying that, if management is very occupied 
in that, we can have a new leader in place and where he can explore that part and it can create a 
pivot. And basically, once the idea matures, we can scale it up. Rather than if we're not spending 
it today, then, after 5 years also, we'll not be able to. Then there is always a delay, right, if we 
are not thinking right away? So I would suggest that we put some thought into it. From a real 
shareholder perspective, I'm just sharing it for the future of Vaibhav Global. That's all. It's up to 
you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of P. Yogesh an individual investor. 
P. Yogesh: 
Sir, can you break down the revenue growth between, let's say, how much we are benefiting due 
to currency or pricing and volume? 

 
Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Nitin Panwad: 
Yogesh, our growth is largely driven by the currency in the current quarter. And part of it also 
driven the tariff refunds that we have received. So if you exclude that, our growth in terms of 
U.S. dollar is largely flat. But the volume is increased, as we are seeing traction on the lower 
price point. Our average ticket size in U.S. is reduced from $50 to $46. But the volume, we are 
seeing good traction. 
P. Yogesh: 
Okay. And what are the key drivers for U.S. business? I think we've done INR530 crores. But 
what are the drivers in future? I rightly say that you have already mentioned in your opening 
remark that U.S. is something is now, I think, the consumer spending is changing slowly, slowly. 
 
So what is our expectations? And how do we see -- what could be the growth driver? Because 
see, the cost of money and inflation going to be very high in U.S. in coming years also. So 
obviously, we, as a company, we're also acknowledging that part. But in future what is our 
strategy basically and what could be the growth drivers? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes, Yogesh. This is Sunil Agrawal. I'll answer that question. So the key growth drivers for us, 
number 1 is digital. We made investment over last 2, 3 years into talent development towards 
digital, to becoming digital first. We invested in technology. That is we went into, from 
Salesforce, we went to Shopify Enterprise platform for all our brands. And then we invested into 
AI tools across the business. And that is to enable us to become digital first across all our brands, 
not just U.S. 
 
So the digital will be the key driver of our business. And there are two additional drivers. One 
is the OTT, where the connected television. And we have presence into pretty much all 
platforms, whether it's Roku TV or Fire TV, Samsung TV, Apple TV. So we have our apps on 
those OTT platforms. And we are having decent revenue growth and customer engagement on 
this platform. 
 
And the third, that is small right now, is the live streaming. So the TV, the live programming is 
our strength. Over last 20 years, we refined that and right from storytelling to product 
identification to engaging content, with 24/7 is a live programming. That we have launched on 
TikTok, on YouTube, on Instagram in U.S. and then we are getting customer engagement with 
that. 
 
It's still small. It's still just about $2 million business for us. But we see that as a growth driver 
for future for us. So now again, just to summarize, number 1 digital, number 2 is OTT, number 
3 live stream on e-commerce social networks. That is all powered by AI. 
P. Yogesh: 
Okay. What's your initial observation? Do you think what we are doing actually will be showing 
good results in future? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Most definitely. As you see, our digital contribution is increasing. We are almost 45% of the 
B2C revenue as of digital. We expect it to reach 50% by the end of this year. And it will continue 
to grow and eventually we'll become predominantly digital in few years down the road because 
of investments and understanding of the business that we acquired over the last few years. I'm 
fairly confident. 

 
Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
P. Yogesh: 
Just last question. Sir, lab-grown diamond contribution is increasing. So how do you see in next 
2, 3 years? And is there any big margin difference between the lab-grown diamonds and our 
normal business? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes. So lab-grown currently is about 13% of our revenue. And I think it will increase somewhat 
more because still we are seeing a good traction on digital properties for lab-grown. So I do not 
know where it will go, but maybe it will grow 14%, 15%, 16% in the coming years. And the 
margin is slightly better on lab-grown than compared to the natural gemstone or gold jewelry or 
plain silver jewelry. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naveen Baid from Nuvama AMC. 
Naveen Baid: 
In your medium-term guidance, if you are hoping to get to almost INR5,500 crores of revenue 
over the next 4 years. Can you just sort of throw some light on how much is your assumption on 
the currency side? 
Nitin Panwad: 
Currency, the past 20 years is roughly depreciating around 3%. And similar kind of depreciation 
we're expecting in upcoming years. 
Naveen Baid: 
Okay. So out of 12% sort of growth, if you are expecting, 3% is what you've factored in on 
account of currency, right? 
Nitin Panwad: 
Yes. 
Naveen Baid: 
Okay. The other thing is in terms of our gross margins, what is the difference in gross margins 
when it comes to the digital side of the business and the traditional television side? 
Nitin Panwad: 
So gross margin on the native digital, pure e-com, is higher than our TV business margin, as it 
requires the higher spend on the social media marketing or the other paid mediums. So native 
digital gross margin is higher than our TV margins. 
Naveen Baid: 
Okay. And I mean for the past couple of years, we've been at almost 20% in terms of our ad 
spends. And you have maintained that as our mix is shifting more towards digital, those spends 
will continue. Do you see those spends getting capped somewhere? And at what point do you 
think that the benefits will start to accrue to us and the spends can be sort of much lesser in terms 
of growth versus what the digital revenue can grow? 
Nitin Panwad: 
How we internally look, we look that how much these that have done spent to the paid media 
and then how much ROI we are generating through that. As long as they are giving us a good 
margin, double-digit over margin lines, we continue to invest on that. So guiding may not be 
right that it will cap somewhere, but definitely all the spend, whatever we are doing, will result 
positively in our profitability. 
Naveen Baid: 
And typically, what is the ROAS that is your hurdle rate when it comes to digital spending? 
Nitin Panwad: 
The ROAS is roughly around right now currently at 2. And we are expecting to expand to over 
3 in coming years. 

 
Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So that is for the new customer acquisition. Now our overall ROAS for the business is much 
higher because we have loyalty customers also coming in through digital platforms. So overall 
ROAS is substantially more. So when you look at the pure digitally acquired customer, the 
maintenance guidance is between 2 to 3 is for those pure digital customers. And at the 67% 
margin, at 2, they become profitable for us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pulkit Singhal from Dalmus Capital Market. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
First question is, can you just quantify the amount of refunds that you've received this quarter? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Pulkit, our refund, we have received around INR38 crores in the current quarter. And the part of 
it went to the inventory as we keep alive the earlier stock and the part has gone to our P&L. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
And so how much is part of the revenues or where does it figure in the P&L? Can you help us 
to understand? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes, it is other operating revenue. It is INR25 crores in other operating revenue, and INR13 
crores is in our inventory. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
So I should subtract INR25 crores? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Okay. Understood. And that INR25 crores will flow entirely to your gross profit and EBITDA 
and PBT? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes. Right. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Okay. Because if I were to then remove that, then the financials, I mean, they suggest way less 
kind of growth in terms of profits. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Pulkit, there's still good decent leverage on that B2C revenue. Last year we had good foreign 
exchange gain. This year we didn't have the foreign exchange gain in other income. 
Nitin Panwad: 
Last year we had around INR8 crores of foreign exchange gain, which came to almost nil mainly 
because of at the end of the quarter currency appreciated much faster. But then now become 
again depreciated.  
Pulkit Singhal: 
Yes, the other income you're saying has kind of has been low because of that. 
Nitin Panwad: 
.Yes 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Well -- okay. Secondly, I mean, we talk about the consumer sentiment being lower in the U.S., 
but then U.S. Census is reporting data. There is at least 4% to 5% kind of retail sales growth 
across different categories on a Y-o-Y basis. And for us to be doing flat, even in this 
environment, just suggests something else. So can you help us understand? Because now this is 
consecutively reflecting low constant currency growth and we are just putting it on macro. How 
do we understand what the management is doing to pick this up? 

 
Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes. So let me take that. So U.S. GDP growth is driven by 2 factors. One is the AI investments. 
A lot of capex investment into AI. And the second is the gasoline prices have gone up. So 
gasoline and groceries. So they continue to have larger portion of consumer discretionary 
amount. 
 
So let me take it back. So larger consumer income is going into gas and groceries and leaving 
less amount for discretionary income. So when you look at the discretionary spend, they have 
gone lower for major retailers. 
 
When you look at Target or JCPenney or Kohl's, all their revenue growth on discretion, they are 
not grocery-first retailers. They're having the impact of their revenue. Walmart or Amazon, they 
are different space. A lot of AWS, lot of other structurally advantage they have. So they are 
getting most of the growth in the market. 
 
But the major retailers are not getting much growth at all. So in that environment, we are 
completely discretionary as a jewelry or accessories. In that environment, we are also seeing the 
lower price points that having better traction. And we are seeing the lipstick effect into all these 
economies, where lower price point is getting better traction. So that to me reflects the consumer 
pull back from discretionary spend. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
And this is, I would suggest that, because while you're talking about certain customers, the whole 
category-wise data in U.S., as you know, is available on a monthly basis. And you would realize 
that various discretionary categories are still growing out there, including clothing, et cetera. So 
-- and we've also talked to some of those players. 
 
But I think the best thing is just to look at macro data. The reason I'm constantly mentioning this 
is because, if we kind of look at that and be comfortable with the constant currency growth of 
flat, how would we try to outperform? Because there's, in a way, macro is what it is, but the 
TAM is also a lot bigger, right? I mean, we are a very small player in this whole space. So how 
do you get comfort that things are going to improve for you going ahead?  
Sunil Agrawal: 
Absolutely. That's a fair point, Pulkit. My comfort or my confidence is in our investments we 
made in digital over last 2, 3 years. Finally, we just moved on to Shopify. We are still into the 
full integration. The initial hiccups are there for last couple of months. And once we go over 
those hiccups, we are fairly confident that our learning will get us to much higher momentum, 
given that our vertical supply chain, our store retailing abilities and our cost advantage. I'm fairly 
confident. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
So just one last suggestion from a presentation standpoint. It would be great if the management 
can very transparently disclose some of these aspects which are impacting the quarter. Like for 
instance, INR25 crores is a big amount to flow through the P&L to not quantify. Secondly, 
constant currency growth rates for every country that we're operating in should be very 
transparently disclosed in the presentation. 
 
I don't know why we have to constantly ask on the call for this. I think previously we used to 
have lot more disclosures around some of these things. But I'm noticing that the call is more 
about asking for data points, whereas they should just be present in the presentation. 

 
Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Nitin Panwad: 
Pulkit, well, these disclosures are in the accounts. In the notes, we have done our disclosure in 
accounts. All the notes are there. But we'll discuss that, what data points are missing. But I think 
that notes are there for tariff and other impact. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Pulkit, let me reiterate on that. From our point of view, we are a highly transparent company. 
We've never hidden any data from anybody. It could be that we may have to disclose some more 
to your comfort. We'll take that as an advice. But as a principal point of view, we've always been 
highly transparent in sharing the customer data point, the financial data point, more than pretty 
much any other company in our space. 
Nitin Panwad: 
And this, so I'll just take it offline with the IR as well, as to what can be added. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyans Jain from SVAN Investments. 
Shreyans Jain: 
Sir, if I were to remove the INR25.5 crores of the refund, the EBITDA growth obviously is not 
as per our expectations. And obviously the margins also tend to just improve by about 40 odd 
bps. My second question around this is, when you're saying volume growth, but, when I'm just 
looking at your presentation and trying to match the 2. Digital, we have sort of grown by 20% 
overall. 
 
But when I just look at the volumes and the ASP, ASP has grown by 10%, but the volumes are 
down, largely flat, maybe 0.7%. So the other question is, in your presentation you also mentioned 
if you've added about 3.5 lakh new users in the trailing 12 months on the digital business and 
your repeats you're seeing are at 23. So ideally, this number should have increased in terms of 
volumes, right? 
 
So my point is either 2 things are happening. Your existing customers are not buying as much, 
they're not doing repeats or the thing is you're adding new customers, but they aren't buying. So 
can you just help me sort of understand this point? 
Nitin Panwad: 
Shreyansh, Nitin here. So in terms of volume, our TV volume has had a good jump from 1.34 
million to 1.37 million compared to last quarter same time. But digital, as we are moving towards 
more on lab-grown side as the consumer traction and lifetime value of those customers are high. 
The ticket size from those digital mediums is increased from $33.80 to $37. 
 
Resulted that we have grown in digital, but the volume is largely flat, 1.13 million to 1.13 
million. And the 21% growth is the large part coming from the currency conversion, around 
11%. And the 10% is coming from the local currency growth, U.S. dollars, which is mainly 
because of the average ticket size has improved. 
Shreyans Jain: 
So sir, if lab-grown diamonds is 13% of your business and the ASP is about $200, $250, so then, 
the ASP increase should have been far higher than 3%, 4%, right? 
Nitin Panwad: 
Yes. Last year growth was 11%, so from 11% to 13%. 
Shreyans Jain: 
And so just wanted some clarity on this lab-grown. So I am trying to understand how customers 
are buying lab-grown diamonds. I am just trying to understand our ASP historically used to be 

 
Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
$25 to $45. Now for a customer who is shopping on our sites, he is used to these price points. 
And obviously you also compete with a lot of jewelry retailers doing lab-grown diamonds, right? 
 
So I am just trying to understand how does Vaibhav Global differentiate for a customer to come 
to VGL and buy these lab-grown diamonds? Do you have better SKUs, higher number of SKUs 
in that sense, better designs? Because when I look at the U.S. market, 60% to70% of engagement 
rings are now lab-grown, right? 
 
So just on that part, there will be a lot of players. And in that sense, to be able to increase your 
lab-grown by 200 bps, just some sense there. And obviously, the customer is not used to paying 
$200 on your app or your website, right? So what has led to this change? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Let me answer this. There are two aspects. One is the digital and the other is the television. On 
digital, when we pitch to the customer through social media or Google. So Google is an intent-
based platform where the customer is already looking for and our product appeals to them. 
 
From price point, being vertical into jewelry manufacturing ourselves and our own retail in U.S. 
Unlike most other players in the U.S., there is a separation between the 2. So we are of better 
priced than most other, pretty much every other retailer. 
 
Second advantage we have is once we acquire a customer on lab-grown, we are able to sell them 
other types of jewelry, that is the color stone jewelry or plain metal jewelry, or even other 
products, which other jewelers cannot. So we can afford to pay a little bit higher to the customer 
acquisition than others can. So that is our advantage. 
 
On television side, it is selling lab-grown to customers who watch us and who are loyal to us for 
many, many years. They trust us. They engage with our host. They have loyalty to our 
programming and our talent. And they would trust us to buy lab-grown from us rather than from 
another player that is new to them. 
 
So for TV, it is more to trust. On e-com, it is our pricing that is competitive than others. 
Shreyans Jain: 
Got it. Sir, just last question. You have written somewhere, I think page 15, that the take rates 
for marketplace on primary channels are 0%. So how are we able to do that? Can you help us 
understand that? 
Nitin Panwad: 
Okay. I got it. It is the marketplace sales. Right now, it is hardly anything we do on the 
marketplace. Pretty much all of the sales are coming to our own proprietary websites and mobile 
apps. So it is a minuscule number, less than 0.5%, that is why it is coming as a 0. 
Shreyans Jain: 
Got it. And just last final question. This INR25.5 crores of tariff refund. Ideally, when you would 
have paid this, which entity would have paid this? And what would have been the accounting 
treatment for this? So I am assuming India and the rest of the world is the manufacturing base, 
right? So how does this, like the Indian entity adds this tariff to its COGS and then sells it to 
VGL U.S.? Or can you just explain to us? 

 
Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Nitin Panwad: 
So for Indian entity, it is not a prepaid duty. All the duty and tariff has been paid by our U.S. 
entity. U.S., we have also a sourcing unit and also our retail. So both units had paid last year that 
50% tariff and both units have received that refund in U.S. only. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Banerjee an individual investor. 
Aditya Banerjee: 
Yes. So the first question is that the company sets a revenue target of INR5,000 crores to 
INR5,500 crores by FY '30, given the current top-line growth of 9.2% in FY '26. What specific 
organic and inorganic levers are prioritized to bridge this gap? 
Nitin Panwad: 
So one major lever, as Sunil mentioned earlier, is our digital growth. We have multiple mediums 
from our own websites to paid marketing to OTT to live TV, from TikTok, whatnot, and other 
creatives. These are our major levers we have. We have done our presence very little in this 
platform. 
 
And now with the new platform we have from Shopify, we can expand our presence much faster 
compared to earlier. So that are the larger medium to fill the gap and achieve the guidance 
number. 
Aditya Banerjee: 
Okay, great. So my second question is that with Europe currently accounts for 12% of the B2C 
revenue mix and is noted as a fastest growing segment. Are there specific European markets 
under evaluation for the next phase of expansion? 
Nitin Panwad: 
So our focus is mainly to expand our existing digital markets from paid media to different sales 
platform. In organic side, we are open to have any opportunity if it comes with a very good price. 
But our main focus right now is to expand our existing business. 
Aditya Banerjee: 
Okay. The next question is that with the INR296 crores in net cash and strong free cash flow, 
what are the strategic criteria for future M&A, particularly following the successful integration 
of Mindful Souls and Ideal World? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes, this is Sunil, Aditya. So for us, any acquisition that we make in future should be 
complementary to our organization, not just for the EBITDA accretion, but also strategic fit for 
our business. If there's a fit and we can have synergetic benefits to the overall business, we will 
do the M&A. But any M&A for us, we would wait till we have achieved double-digit EBITDA 
growth in all our markets. So we want to make sure that we are robust in every market before 
we do that. 
Aditya Banerjee: 
Okay. Great. So another question is that as Vaibhav Global launches about 100 new products 
daily and 14,000 to 15,000 new jewelry designs annually. So how do you manage the inventory 
risk and aged SKU profile associated with such high SKU churn? 
Nitin Panwad: 
Good question, Aditya. We have multiple levers for exiting the tail inventory. We have our -- 
on our TV specific platform, we do one clearance in a quarter to exit the tail inventory. Apart 
from that clearance and the other section that we have on our website and the other mediums 
that we do. 

 
Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
 
But the most important thing is that we have a rising auction model in our website where 
customer comes and bids and fight against each other to win that tail inventory. So that is kind 
of very engaging platform we have and customer loves that program and bid against each other. 
 
So that is not only exiting our tail inventory, but also increase customer lifetime value, repeat, 
and the omnichannel presence with us. So these are the medium to exiting our tail inventory. 
Aditya Banerjee: 
Okay. And my next question is that the company reports a 60% gross margin compared to 40% 
for typical importers. As you scale toward FY '30. Is there further room to optimize the supply 
chain to expand this margin gap? 
Nitin Panwad: 
In the evolving world, there will be always opportunity to improve our margins, not only from 
supply chain, but also having a good storytelling and better designs of the product. There is 
always opportunity. And as we are expanding more on digital side, our target is to increase our 
gross margin even further. 
 
So there is always opportunity. Companies keep on looking through multiple AI initiatives we 
have done internally, better sourcing models, product designs, what is working, what is going 
viral right now on TikTok or other medium. So that we keep on looking and improving, not only 
just our storytelling, but also our sourcing capabilities as well. 
Aditya Banerjee 
Okay. I have only one last question. How is generative AI being used specifically to scale ad 
creatives and CIO content to lower the customer acquisition costs for digital shoppers? 
Nitin Panwad: 
Very good question, Aditya, and I believe most of the retailers are doing. But we are also using 
generative AI in all of our meta marketing that we do from ad creation to landing pages 
optimization, to images and customer reviews and trust builders. 
 
So through all of these things we have our internal tools, CIO Genius and the other, we keep on 
optimizing our different landing pages, images, Meta marketing through that. And many other 
upcoming tools are also coming to get the best of this AI knowledge. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dilip Sahu an individual investor. 
Dilip Sahu: 
Sunil, I have been an investor in Vaibhav Global for 10 years. And for the first time in 10 years, 
I had to really struggle to kind of correlate revenue, gross margin, profitability, by reading the 
presentation. So I had to go back and read the notes of the accounts and then figure out that you 
have actually adjusted INR25 crores to the gross margin and hence the spike in gross margin. 
Like the previous participant was saying that it's not that you are trying to hide anything. But I 
think I was expecting a kind of default transparency, which was not there in this time. So this is 
just an input. 
 
Coming to your guidance, what Nitin is assuming that the rupee will depreciate at 3% over a 
maybe a longer time. But in the last 2 years, rupee has depreciated by 20%. So that essentially 
means that next 3 years the depreciation might be 0. So what happens to the 10% guidance then, 
if assuming that rupee depreciate to 0 for next 3 years to that 10% guidance, will it come down 
to 7%? 

 
Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
First of all, Dilip-ji, thank you for pointing it out. We take pride in our disclosures. If we have 
erred inadvertently, we'll make sure that going forward disclosures are even furthermore 
forthcoming. So thanks for feedback. 
 
Now the next question about the guidance. We believe that the long-term depreciation is around 
3%. And even if there is not enough depreciation for next till FY '30, we've given a wide range 
of INR5,000 crores to INR5,500 crores revenue with leverage. So that is a very comfortable 
range for us to achieve, and we are confident to achieve that number. 
Dilip Sahu: 
Sure. So 10% is a given irrespective of rupee movements. That's what I take it from. And you 
have been, in our last couple of calls, very confident about digital, the work that has gone into 
digital and hence the confidence to grow at 10%. Can you kind of break it down into these 4 Rs 
you talk about? Which R is digital going to really impact the most, starting from registration to 
retention to repeat and all? Can you just take it through that bucket, so that we understand where 
exactly the impact is going to come from? Because last 3 years, digital has helped us, because 
the growth has been flat in our core markets, right? So what will it change? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So the key area it helps is the customer acquisition, the registration. The TAM for digital is pretty 
large, much, much larger than television. That is a pure digital customer. So the customer 
acquisition is going to be the number 1 leverage for us. The retention and the repeat on digital is 
lower than television. So those 2 will take a hit when we accelerate our digital journey. 
Therefore, we've been investing in digital for almost 10 years now. But we've shortened the 
period of a customer becoming profitable over the period of last 2 or 3 years. 
 
The current profitability of a customer comes in around 10 months, 9 to 10 months. Our aim is 
to take it to 3 months. And if we take it to 3 months, then we can scale the spend quite rapidly 
and get the customer acquisition come in. Now that will impact our retention and repeat, but the 
velocity of acquisition will offset the impact on retention and repeat for us because we are 
looking at 3 months profitability. 
Dilip Sahu: 
So the first 2 Rs will get impacted here. How do we monitor that as an investor? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So Dilip, was it clear? 
Dilip Sahu: 
Yes. I understood that.  
Dilip Sahu: 
Yes, so you're explaining how the 4 Rs getting impacted through digital investments, right? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes. I was explaining that the customer registration, that is the second R, for the new customer 
acquisition will be the biggest positive impact in the digital journey. So that will accelerate quite 
a bit. But the retention and repeat will go down, because the digital customer's lifetime value is 
lower than a typical TV customer. 
 
But currently, our digital customer is profitable in about 9 to 10 months. Our effort is to get to 
profitability within 3 months. If we can get to that level, I am sure it will improve over the time, 
within the next few months or a couple of quarters. And once we do that, we can scale the spend 
and acquire a good number of new customers into different product streams. 

 
Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
 
So lab-grown is one, the gold is another one. The mobility product that is doing well for us is 
another one. The coloured gemstone jewelry is another one. They are all having promising 
streams. Even 1$ rise in auction is a good stream that we are seeing good traction on. 
 
So we are investing into different streams to acquire the customer profitably and improve the 
profitability period from current 9 to 10 months to 3 months. 
Dilip Sahu: 
Sure. So going forward, in the last 2, 3 years at least, most of our growth has come either through 
acquisition or investment in new geography like Germany. So how is that going to look like in 
next 3 years, say, like we had Mindful Souls or Ideal World? Are we -- like, this question has 
already been asked, but I am just trying to figure out. One is, of course, organic digital 
investment, which I think we are on track. How is the other piece going to shape up in terms of 
inorganic business, either in terms of geography or acquisitions? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes. So good question. As I mentioned earlier also, we are creating a cash pool for potential 
acquisition opportunity or potential greenfield opportunities as well. So -- but we want to acquire 
the company, when we acquire, not for just EBITDA addition, but for strategic fit with the group, 
where we will have a leverage benefit of our supply chain, vertical supply chain that we have. 
 
If there will be a leverage of cost benefit after acquiring, we will look at the acquisition. Or if 
there will be a product category that we are not yet strong in, for example, beauty or supplement 
and we want to get into that product category where we have a leverage for our existing business. 
For example, for television business, we want a supply chain sync of a vertical retailer on, say, 
supplement or beauty, which can support our television channels, then we will look at it. 
 
But there has to be synergy for our business when we acquire a new company. For greenfield, 
we may look at India or Japan as a future growth potential. But we want to come there once we 
have the digital humming and continuously giving a good growth for digital itself and overall 
for the business. And for Germany to become PAT positive for us at decent numbers. So these 
are the 2 qualifying criteria for us before coming into new geography. 
Dilip Sahu: 
Great. That makes a lot of sense. My question to Nitin is that this INR25.5 crores, which you 
have shown as other operating income doesn't have any cost element attached to it, right? That 
means it flows completely to the gross margin. That's how I understand it. Is it correct? 
Nitin Panwad: 
Yes. It flows completely to the gross margin and the bottom line. If we exclude the impact, as I 
mentioned in my commentary, the margin is 67%, gross margin. 
Dilip Sahu: 
Sure. My suggestion is that since most of our business comes from outside in U.S. dollar or 
pound or euro terms, don't convert everything to rupee, because that takes away a lot of 
information. And we then use our imagination to backward calculate all the regional 
performances. So I think it'll be great if you can give a U.S. dollar revenue, pound U.K. revenue, 
and euro German revenue. And then maybe give a unified rupee revenue. That's fine. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Noted, yes. 

 
Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that was the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Sunil-sir for closing comments. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Thank you everybody for your participation and great set of questions. If you have any further 
questions, please feel free to reach Vivek Jain at Vaibhav Global or Sumedh from EY IR team 
and they'll take care of your questions. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Arihant Capital Markets Limited and Vaibhav Global Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
 
(The above transcript has been edited for readability purposes) 
