 
 
 
ORKLA INDIA LIMITED  
(Formerly known as “Orkla India Private Limited”) 
Registered Ofﬁce: No. 1, 2nd & 3rd Floor, 100 Feet Inner Ring Road, Ejipura, Ashwini Layout, Viveknagar, Bengaluru - 560 047, India 
CIN: L15136KA1996PLC021007 | T: +91 80 4081 2100/7 | Website: www.orklaindia.com | E-mail: contactus@orklaindia.com  
 
August 10, 2026 
 
BSE Limited, 
20th Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 544595  
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Symbol: ORKLAINDIA 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call with Analysts/ Investors on the financial 
results for the quarter ended June 30, 2026  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), please find enclosed the 
transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on unaudited financial results for the quarter ended June 
30, 2026, conducted after the meeting of the Board of Directors held on Tuesday, August 04, 2026. 
 
The 
Transcript 
is 
made 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at: 
https://www.orklaindia.com/governance/stock-exchange-intimations/earnings-call-updates/2026-27/  
 
We request you to take this on record and treat the same as compliance with the applicable provisions 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
 
Thanking you.  
 
For Orkla India Limited 
(Formerly known as Orkla India Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Kaushik Seshadri  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl.: as above  
 
KAUSHIK SESHADRI
Digitally signed by KAUSHIK 
SESHADRI 
Date: 2026.08.10 15:00:50 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Orkla India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earning Conference Call” 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY SHARMA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ORKLA INDIA LIMITED 
MS. SUNIANA CALAPA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ORKLA INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SIDDHARTH BORKAR – HEAD, M&A AND 
INVESTOR RELATIONS – ORKLA INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANIKET KAMBLE – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Orkla India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q1FY27 Earning Conference Call of Orkla 
India Limited. hosted by ICICI Securities. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.  Should 
you 
need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aniket Kamble from ICICI Securities. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Aniket Kamble: 
Thank you, Danish. It's an absolute pleasure from ICICI Securities to host the Q1FY27 Earnings 
Call of Orkla India Ltd. I now hand over the call to Mr. Siddharth Borkar to take over the 
proceedings. Thank you and over to you, Siddharth sir. 
Siddharth Borkar: 
Thank you, Aniket, for hosting us. Hello and welcome, everyone, to the Q1 FY27 Results for 
Orkla India. I am Siddharth Borkar, Head of M&A and Investor Relations at Orkla India. I am 
joined by Mr. Sanjay Sharma, Managing Director and CEO at Orkla India, and Ms. Suniana 
Calapa, CFO at Orkla India. 
 
I hope you've gone through the investor presentation and other materials that we have uploaded. 
In today's call, we'll walk you through some of the key highlights of the quarter, and then we'll 
open the floor for Q&A. I want to draw your attention to the disclaimer slide as stated in our 
earnings presentation. 
 
With that, I hand it over to Sanjay. 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Thanks, Siddharth. A very good evening to everyone. My name is Sanjay Sharma. I'm the 
Managing Director and CEO for Orkla India. And I'm joined along with our CFO, Suniana 
Calapa, to take you through our results. This quarter marks an encouraging start to our new 
financial year. 
 
We've delivered 11.5% growth in revenue from product sales, and we've maintained a healthy 
profitability with an EBITDA margin of 17.5%. These results reflect the strength of our brand 
portfolio, the resilience of our business model, and a continued focus on executing against the 
long-term strategic priorities. 
 
We deeply value the continued trust and support from our investors. Before I take you through 
the details of the results, let me give you a quick introduction to Orkla India. So, if you could 
move along with me to Slide Number 5 if you have our presentation. Orkla India is a multi-
category food company anchored by trusted heritage brands, such as MTR and Eastern. 
 
We operate in two categories spices and convenience food. Our business model is built on a 
fundamental premise that food is local. Our growth charter is consciously focused on winning 
in our core markets, particularly South India, where we have a strong cultural and consumption 

 
Orkla India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
relevance. However, we do sell our products across India as well. We generate 70% of our 
revenues from our core markets of South India, with international business contributing 21% of 
our overall revenues. 
 
The balance revenue comes from the rest of India. This is supported by a strong distribution 
network combined with a manufacturing footprint that enables us to operate with both scale and 
agility. 
 
Before I turn into our performance, it's worth framing the macro backdrop we are operating in. 
Broadly, constructively, but with risks we are watching closely. So, if you could move to Slide 
7. Growth remains resilient. India's real GDP is among the fastest growing in the world. External 
factors have driven only a slight moderation, while the fundamentals, such as consumption, 
investment, and government spending, stay healthy. 
 
Inflation ticked up in June 2026 with both CPI and food inflation rising on higher food prices, a 
delayed monsoon, and increased transportation costs. Even so, FMCG demand stays 
encouraging, as an improving sentiment, a gradual recovery in discretionary spending, and a 
stable growth continue to support category momentum. 
 
We remain mindful of external risks. Tensions in West Asia continue to affect commodity prices, 
freight, and supply chain stability, while monsoon progression will shape agricultural output, 
rural incomes, and rural demand. Amid both opportunity and uncertainty, our focus remain-- is 
unchanged execute with agility, hold cost discipline, strengthen supply chain resilience, and 
keep investing behind our brands and growth initiatives. 
If you can move to slide number 8, I will talk to you about the raw material inflation that we've 
been facing. After 8 quarters of deflation, spice prices have begun to normalize. We now are 
climbing sharply. In quarter 1, we've seen an increase of 32.8% versus the same period last year. 
Key commodities have seen a steep inflation over recent quarters, with chilli up 78% and 
coriander, which has gone up 40%. We have consistently passed these higher cost through to 
consumers via pricing. The impact rose from 6.5% last quarter, to 11.4% in this quarter. At the 
same time, we are driving operating efficiencies and working closely with our business partners 
to manage and mitigate the overall impact. 
Coming to business highlights. If you could move to slide number 10. After 8 quarters of 
subdued deflation-driven growth, Quarter 1 FY27 delivered a strong double-digit revenue 
growth of 11.5%. Excluding Kerala, the growth improves to 12.1%, reflecting an internal sales 
restructuring underway there, which I will cover later. 
Profitability has stayed healthy with an EBITDA of INR115 crores at 17.5% EBITDA margin, 
a sequential improvement of 150 basis points versus the last quarter. These results reflect the 
strength of our brands and the resilience of our business model. We sustained strong sequential 
margins despite significant raw material inflation and impact of West Asia conflict, while 
continuing to invest behind our brands and long-term growth initiatives. 

 
Orkla India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
If you can move to slide 11. Quarter 1 FY27 was characterized by a broad-based growth across 
categories, channels, and geographies. Evidence that Orkla India is powered by multiple engines, 
not just any single market. We delivered a revenue growth of 11.5% supported by volume growth 
of 1.7%. 
Net of Kerala, volume growth is at 4.4%. This performance reflects a combination of healthy 
underlying demand, portfolio strength, disciplined execution, and pricing actions undertaken to 
address raw material inflation. Domestic business delivered a strong growth of 11.8%, benefiting 
from robust execution in general trade and improving consumption trends. 
At the same time, international business has grown at about 10.1%, highlighting the resilience 
of our overseas operations despite a dynamic West Asia situation. We continue to see a 
significant momentum in emerging channels. Within the domestic market, digital commerce 
grew at 38.1%, while modern trade grew at 18.6%. 
These channels are increasingly important drivers of growth, particularly among the younger 
and digitally-connected consumers. Innovation remains a core pillar of our strategy. During the 
quarter, we introduced 23 product launches and re-launches aimed at expanding our reach 
amongst new consumer cohorts. 
Many of these innovations have been developed with a digital-first mindset, enabling us to 
respond more effectively to evolving consumer preferences. From a profitability standpoint, we 
maintained a healthy EBITDA margin of 17.5%, demonstrating our ability to balance growth 
investments with disciplined cost management. 
Overall, the quarter reinforces the strength of our portfolio, effectiveness of our growth strategy, 
and our ability to deliver profitable growth. We move to the next slide, slide 12, talk about spices. 
Our spice business is focused on winning locally in India's regional kitchens.  
India's food habits are deeply regional, and this continues to be our competitive advantage. We 
focus on winning locally through authentic products, superior taste credentials, and deep 
consumer understanding. This quarter, we've delivered a strong performance with a revenue 
growth of 11.3%. 
In the domestic market, net of Kerala, the NSV growth is 16% with a volume growth of 5.2%. 
The growth is driven by our enhanced execution focus by implementing a cluster-based 
marketing approach within every state, strengthening our share of mind amongst consumers, and 
improving visibility by dominating share of shelf. 
If you go to slide 13. In spices, we are sharpening our growth agenda through a combination of 
local innovations and premium offerings. On the innovation front, building relevance across the 
state is a key focus area. Even in a state like Karnataka, there are regions which have local 
cuisines clusters, and here our portfolio relevance is low. 
We are addressing these specific regional taste preferences with targeted launches. MTR North 
Karnataka Podis are peanut-based and everyday meal accompaniments. Similarly, in Andhra 

 
Orkla India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Pradesh, the innovations help us broaden the cuisine participation through basic everyday use 
spice powders like Kandi Podi, Karvepaku Podi, and Idli Karam Podi. 
These products help us attract new consumer cohorts, improve range penetration in underserved 
markets, and strengthen our relevance across diverse regional cuisines. On the premiumization 
platform, MTR Prakriti, our premium digital-first single-source spices, continues to build well 
across metros in India. 
We are expanding the range with another basic everyday ingredient, which is Hing. These are 
the very best quality spices that you can buy. Overall, our spice business continues to deliver 
strong growth supported by a focused strategy of expanding our core portfolio while creating 
new growth opportunities through localized innovations and premiumization. 
If you go to the next slide, I'll give a quick status on the Kerala distribution restructuring project 
that we are running. Our Kerala distribution restructuring initiative is well on the way. Today, 
our distribution for Eastern operates on a one system for all approach, which limits our ability 
to fully capture the potential across categories and channels. 
The objective of this program is across three key strategic priorities. First, to build a stronger 
convenience food business; second, to increase market share in standalone modern trade; and 
third, to expand outlet coverage of our spices portfolio. 
Let me share some progress. For the foods program, the program was launched in February 2026 
and substantially completed in June of 2026. Early results are encouraging. In Quarter 1, we've 
delivered a 14% improvement in sales productivity and a 6% increase in effective coverage, 
demonstrating tangible benefits coming out of this initiative. 
For the other two segments, which is the standalone modern trade and the spices portfolio, the 
project is initiated and is under planning and pilot phases. Overall, the Kerala restructuring 
program is progressing as planned. We have seen meaningful improvements in productivity and 
coverage. The program will take several quarters to mature. We remain confident in its long-
term value creation. 
Next slide, we'll go to slide 15 on convenience food. We are focused on building the convenience 
food portfolio as our next growth platform. Convenience food delivered a strong 11.9% revenue 
growth, with momentum led primarily by our meals portfolio. The meals portfolio delivered a 
double-digit growth supported by a strong consumer demand across categories, such as ready-
to-cook mixes, meal solutions, and coconut-based products.  
Consumers today are increasingly seeking convenience food without compromising on 
authenticity and taste. This trend plays directly into MTR's strengths. Growth in convenience 
food will be driven by innovations, helping us build a Southern heritage as well as a Gen Z-
focused portfolio. It's going to be focused on digital commerce, and we will be targeting a wider 
footprint across the top 28 metros.  

 
Orkla India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
We are optimistic that the long-term potential of convenience food and will see a significant 
headroom for growth. Go to the next slide, which is slide 16, accelerating the breakfast play. 
One of the key growth platforms in convenience food is breakfast. During the quarter, we have 
initiated significant steps to build our breakfast portfolio across the top 28 metros. 
The acceleration of sales in this portfolio will be built on three key pillars. First, widening and 
investing behind the dry batter play, which is the traditional play we had, to the top 28 metros 
using digital commerce. In wet batter, as I had highlighted in the last quarter meeting also, we 
have expanded our play into Hyderabad. 
And finally, we have launched 6 new innovations to build a portfolio focused on Gen Z, our first 
protein-rich breakfast for younger consumers who are seeking convenient and nutritional-led 
meal solutions. Coming to Project Bolt, which is next slide, slide 17. Last quarter, we had 
announced Project Bolt. The project works to build digital commerce not just as a channel, but 
as a strategic capability. 
The project is well underway by investing behind people, technology, analytics, and digital-
native innovations. It is also helping us spot emerging consumer trends faster and launch 
innovations more efficiently. Digital commerce continued to deliver a strong performance this 
quarter, delivering a 38.1% year-on-year growth and increasing our contribution of domestic 
revenues from 7.2% to 8.9%. 
This provides us confidence that digital commerce can become a powerful growth accelerator 
not only in existing markets, but also in new geographies and new consumer segments. Going 
to the next slide, about the international business. Our international business delivers to the 
Indian diaspora across 45 countries. It's an important driver to our growth and diversification. 
We delivered a resilient 10.1% year-on-year growth led by a strong 18.1% growth in the GCC 
region. This performance is particularly encouraging given the disruption caused by West Asia 
conflict. Despite these challenges, we have maintained a strong product availability, kept our 
shelves fully stocked in key markets, and supported by the strength and agility of our supply 
chain. 
We've also actively managed the impact of higher operating and freight costs through a 
combination of cost-sharing initiatives with our partners, internal cost management measures, 
and selective price increases where appropriate. UK and Europe, where the non-tariff barriers 
that UK and Europe have non-tariff barriers that prevent us from exporting products containing 
dairy. 
Our innovation agenda on the international business was focused on reformulating our popular 
paneer-based ready meals into a non-dairy range for UK and European markets. This will unlock 
new growth avenues internationally. Now, I hand it over to Suniana to take you through the 
financials. 
Suniana Calapa: 
Thank you, Sanjay, and good evening, everyone. Let's move to slide number 20. Orkla India 
delivered a strong start to FY '27, with revenue from operations increasing to 10.4% year-on-

 
Orkla India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
year to INR659 crores. The growth was led by effective pricing interventions to mitigate 
commodity inflation and supported by positive volume growth of 1.7%. 
EBITDA stood at INR115 crores, up 3% year-on-year. Excluding the PLI benefit recognized in 
the base period, underlying EBITDA growth was 7.2%. Despite elevated input costs, EBITDA 
margins remained strong at 17.5%, reflecting a balanced approach to growth, pricing, and cost 
productivity. PAT before exceptional items grew 9.7% to INR87 crores. 
Moving on to slide 21, let's take a look at our performance by category and geography. Spices 
delivered growth of 11.3% year-on-year during the quarter, demonstrating the resilience of our 
brands and continued consumer demand despite a highly inflationary commodity environment. 
As spice prices continued to increase during quarter 1, we effectively managed the pricing 
environment with market-aligned pricing in pure spices and calibrated price increases in blended 
spices, helping sustain growth while maintaining competitiveness. 
Growth in the quarter could have been even stronger, but for the ongoing distribution 
restructuring in Kerala, an important strategic initiative aimed at strengthening our route to 
market and creating a more scalable platform for future growth. Excluding Kerala, the domestic 
spices business delivered robust performance with revenue growth of 16% and volume growth 
of 5.2%, reflecting healthy consumer off-take. 
Convenience Foods delivered a growth of 11.9% in the quarter, supported by broad-based 
performance across the portfolio. The meals category continued its strong momentum with 
double-digit growth, while sweets and breakfast portfolio sustained steady growth. Growth was 
driven equally by volume and pricing, demonstrating a healthy balance between consumer 
demand and pricing actions. 
Domestic revenues grew by 11.8% in the quarter. Excluding Kerala, domestic growth was 
stronger at 12.8%, led by robust volume growth of 6.3%. In the international business, we 
delivered growth of 10.1% during the quarter. Despite a challenging operating environment, the 
GCC region continued to be a key growth engine, delivering strong growth of 18.1%. 
Moving on to slide 22. Orkla India delivered a quarter of profitable growth, with EBITDA 
increasing 3% year-on-year to INR115 crores and EBITDA margins remaining healthy at 17.5%. 
As Sanjay highlighted earlier, we have commenced Project Bolt, aimed at strengthening our 
digital commerce capabilities, which entailed certain strategic investments during the quarter. 
Excluding the impact of Project Bolt investments and the production linked incentive benefit 
recognized in the base period, underlying EBITDA growth was 12.7% with EBITDA margin 
expansion of 40 basis points. This reflects the strength of the core business, supported by 
effective pricing actions, cost discipline, and continued focus on operational efficiencies. 
Profit after tax before exceptional items grew by 9.7%, driven by our operating performance and 
supported by our higher other income, primarily from returns on surplus cash balances. Now 
back to Sanjay for his concluding remarks. 

 
Orkla India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Thank you, Suniana. So, as we close this presentation, I think Orkla India has returned to double-
digit growth with a healthy profitability. More importantly, we are building multiple growth 
engines across spices, convenience foods, digital commerce, and the international business, 
positioning the company for a sustainable, profitable growth over the long term. 
These are long-term investments designed to enhance the relevance of our brands in a world 
where consumer preferences, purchase journey, and food habits are changing faster than ever 
before. These are still early days, but they give us confidence that the investments we are making 
today are creating a stronger platform for sustainable, profitable growth over the years ahead. 
With that, I thank you once again for your continued trust and support. We are looking forward 
to updating you on our progress in the coming quarters, and we'll be happy to take your questions 
now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. The first question comes from the line of Resha Mehta with GreenEdge Wealth. 
Please go ahead. Resha, you may please proceed ahead with your question. 
Resha Mehta: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, I have broadly three questions. The first one being on growth. 
Here just a few clarifications. In opening remarks, you said that the price hike taken in Q4 was 
6.5% and in Q1 was 11.4%. Is that number correct? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Price -led growth in last quarter was 6.5%, which has now increased to 11.4%. Yes. 
Resha Mehta: 
And the other bit, Suniana ma'am said that Kerala distribution restructuring impact, so that-- so, 
if we exclude Kerala, what is the revenue growth and the volume growth at a consol level? 
Suniana Calapa: 
So, the volume growth is 4.4% and the revenue growth is 12.1%. 
Resha Mehta: 
This is at a consol level, right? 
Suniana Calapa: 
This is at a consol level. Yes. 
Resha Mehta: 
Got it. So, so while the price hikes have been sharper but inflation has been way far ahead, right? 
Like you called out overall spices inflation 30%, chili around 80% and so on. So, what kind of 
price hikes are we expecting going ahead? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Going ahead, our strategy on pricing is pretty clear and pretty much linked to how the market 
responds. And I'm going to talk about largely spices, because that is where we are seeing 
hyperinflation coming through. So, on spices in the pure spices category, our pricing is linked 
to how the mandi pricing moves. So, we normally keep a 10% premium over the wholesale price 
of chilli and that is the basis on which we price the entire product.  
So, if the wholesale rate of chili or the mandi rate goes up, we mirror the same price up in terms 
of our PTRs to the trade. When it comes to masalas, we calculate the cost impact and we 
normally keep a price premium of anything from 15% to 25% over our competitive benchmark. 

 
Orkla India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Resha Mehta: 
When you say masalas, those are pure spices, right, you're referring to? 
Sanjay Sharma:  
No, when I say masalas, those are blended spices. So, they are basically recipe-based products 
like chicken masala or a garam masala or a sambar masala. These are blended spices, where we 
tend to get much higher margins and they are basically, do not get impacted by, let's say, 
commodity -- they don't behave in a commodity-like manner. 
Resha Mehta: 
Right. So, basically, then, if we see our price hikes are much lower than, so let's say, the last two 
quarters, our price hikes are close to around 18-odd percent, while the spices inflation is at 30%. 
So, which means that we would have been sitting on low-cost inventory? 
However, if I look at our balance sheet, we don't carry a lot of inventory. So, how would you 
explain this gap between the reported spices inflation of 30% while we've taken around 18% 
price hike and not impacting margins? 
Suniana Calapa: 
So, Resha, I'll explain that. So, like Sanjay mentioned, for pure spices, which is the single spices 
of chili or coriander or turmeric, we mirror the market price. That is about roughly 26% of the 
total business. So, if your commodity price increases by whatever 25-odd percent, you will give 
or take a few percentage points, see a similar price increase come through in pure spices.  
The bigger portion of spices business that we generate is basically from masala. That roughly 
constitutes about 39%, 40% of our total revenues. There, we take calibrated pricing actions. So, 
we take pricing actions as required to ensure that we meet a certain margin threshold, however, 
while also maintaining our relative price index versus competition. So, we use slightly different 
approaches for pure spices and for blended spices. 
Resha Mehta: 
And even if I were to exclude Kerala, our volumes at 4.4% seem pretty underwhelming. So, any 
thoughts here or what is, let's say, in such an inflationary environment, do -- would we effectively 
see volumes really going to like low single-digits or mid-single digits? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Sorry. Can you just repeat your question? 
Resha Mehta: 
If I were to exclude Kerala, our volumes growth has been around 4.4%, right? So, does it imply 
that in such an inflationary environment when we are going to be taking such steep price hikes, 
our volumes are going to get impacted quite steeply? So 4.5% kind volume growth seems pretty 
underestimate. So, just your thoughts here. That going ahead of this inflation  would in 4% 
range?  
Sanjay Sharma: 
Your voice is breaking a little bit but I think I got the essence of your question. What I can tell 
you is that if you look at the domestic -- we've got two portfolios in our business. We got the 
spices portfolio and then we've got the convenience food portfolio, right?  
When you look at the domestic business, let's keep the international business on one side. Let's 
look at the domestic business, because I think that is where the impact of volume growth really 
comes out of, right? That is where we are trying to increase our volumes and other things.  

 
Orkla India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
If you take out -- if you look at the domestic market and take out Kerala, we have actually grown 
at about 12.8% and 6.3% in terms of volume out there in the domestic business. So, if you look 
at that is both spices and convenience food combined out there. So, I think delivering a 5%, 6% 
volume growth is a fairly substantial impact that you're creating in the market. So, I don't really 
fully agree that it's a little underwhelming. 
Resha Mehta: 
Understood. And am I audible? Just one last question. 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Yes, you are audible. 
Resha Mehta: 
Yes, last one is on exports. So, this basically I think the volume compression has then come from 
exports. So, while GCC has grown handsomely at around 18%, but the international business 
has grown at 10%, which means that the pressure that you were talking on the US market in the 
last quarter, fair to assume that is still continuing like multiple priced products are still out there 
on the retail shelves in US? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
That is correct. Having said that, US has rebounded into positive territory in terms of growth. In 
terms of value growth, yes. 
Resha Mehta: 
All right. Thank you. That's it from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kunal Thanvi with Banyan Tree Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I had two questions. One was on like when we look at 1Q 
FY'26 -- when we look at FY’26 as a whole EBITDA margin was in the range… 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Your voice is breaking, sir. If you could just get a better connection. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Is it better now? Can you hear me? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Yes, it's a little better. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Yes. So, my first question was on like when I look at FY’26 margin profile, right, Q1 numbers 
look very different from last three quarters of last year. Can you help us understand, were there 
any one-offs in Q1 of last year? Because margins and the operating profits were very high in Q1 
compared to the other three quarters.  
And second, in last year because it was an IPO year for us, are there any expenses which were 
related to IPO which will not repeat in FY’27, if you can help us understand these two things. 
Thanks. 
Suniana Calapa: 
Yes. So, Kunal, last June 2025, we delivered an EBITDA margin of about 18.7% and largely, 
this came on the back of better gross margins. Our gross margins last year were about 45.6% 
and this was also on two accounts. One, we were in a deflating environment, and two, also, we 
had recorded in the first quarter some PLI impact. So, therefore, the gross margins were much 

 
Orkla India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
better in quarter one. That was one of the primary reasons for EBITDA margins being much 
higher.  
Two, the question was that if we had recorded any one-off IPO expenses in June of 2025, the 
answer is no. There was a small amount of transaction bonus that was recorded but that was a 
small amount that was recorded in June of 2025, so nothing material recorded with respect to 
IPO. And it was an offer for sale, so the expenses were largely borne by the selling shareholders. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure. Thank you. And one last question is on the -- when we see this kind of inflationary 
environment, especially in the spices and the masala portfolio, the safe volume growth 
expectation should be in this range of mid-single digits to start with because of prices going up. 
Is that understanding right? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Yes. I mean, in general, when you see extremely high inflation, you tend to see some moderation 
in volume. But if you look at how, I mean, if you exclude Kerala and then look at the growth, I 
think the growth has been fairly reasonable, I mean, 12.8% and a 6.3% volume is a fairly good 
trajectory. So, there is a little bit of, you know, help from the tailwinds that we are getting in the 
FMCG industry and the consumption trends that are developing in a good way. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
And are there any other price increases that we expect to take? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Very difficult to say at this point of time. I think we have more or less taken all the price increases 
that we needed to take, but we are living in a very dynamic environment at this point of time. 
So, we would like to see how things evolve and then and then take those calls. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure. And these price hikes that we've taken are already reflected in this quarter's numbers, right? 
Sunaina Calapa: 
The price hikes are mostly reflected in the quarter's numbers. There could be some impact 
coming through in quarter 2 as well. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure. Thank you, and all the very best. 
Sunaina Calapa: 
Thank you. 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Resham Jain with VVD Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Resham Jain: 
Yes. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So, I have two questions. The first question is with respect 
to the overall growth aspirations. If you look at India as a country, 7%-7.5% real GDP growth 
plus 3%-4% inflation. So, as a country, we are growing at around 11-odd percent in nominal 
terms. So, from Orkla perspective, given that we have spices and we have convenience food 
also, so how should one think about growth aspiration compared to the country's growth? That's 
my first question. 

 
Orkla India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Our ambition is always to deliver double-digit growth as far as the business is concerned. I think 
that is what we-- we do recognize what you're saying. We may-- we may move a percentage 
point here and there in terms of real GDP growth, but essentially, I think our focus will be to 
continue to drive double-digit growth. The other-- for us, actually, the key focus is really on 
trying to see how we can expand the volumes.  
So, we are, as a business, you know, inflation will go up and down. We are focused on driving 
a volume growth on a regular basis, and that we are-- and the second key factor that we are 
driving is really building out of the convenience food portfolio, where we see much lesser impact 
and volatility on account of inflation. So, that is broadly the space that we are looking at growing 
our business. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. I asked this question specifically because 1/3rd of our portfolio is convenience, where as 
a country itself, because of the demographic changes and other things, it's growing at a much 
faster pace. So, I thought the overall growth aspiration would have been much higher than some 
multiplier of GDP growth. That would be the fair way to assess the management execution. You 
have been doing quite a bit of things. So, that is the real way I would look at the overall growth, 
because you mentioned in this quarter also. 
Sanjay Sharma:  
We are not very far away from where you are thinking, but we are not allowed to give forward-
looking guidance as a business. We don't give forward-looking guidance as a business, but we 
are pretty much aligned to the way you are thinking. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. Great. All the best. Thank you. 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Balaji Vaidyanathan from NAFA Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Balaji Vaidyanathan: 
Yes. Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. This is more a sort of an observation than a 
question. So, you know, we acquired Eastern in 2021. It's been more than half a decade. And, 
you know, we are coming on the back of quote, unquote, a black swan event. And only now, 
spice-- spice prices are seeing some amount of reflation. And then, there is West Asia war on 
the back of it.  
So, suddenly, when the management decides to embark upon this restructuring, it is a little 
disappointing, because as minority shareholders, why should we be kind of be put through this 
burden when it could have been done way before the IPO itself, you know?  
And we are arguably missing the best cycle as far as the spice market, considering that sub-scale, 
sub-optimal players are able to report, like how the previous participant asked, 2x to 3x the GDP 
growth of the country. And here, we are barely struggling to show maybe 0.9x to 1x GDP growth 
of the country. 

 
Orkla India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Balaji, thank you for your observation. I would like to point out that we started the distribution 
restructuring project of Eastern in February of 2026. Okay. We, I don't know if you know the 
history of what we have done with Eastern. When we acquired Eastern, for the first 3 years, the 
entrepreneur continued to run the business because it was a completely new territory for us.  
Kerala is a very difficult market, unlike any other market that you see in India. It's a very difficult 
market, and most FMCG businesses tend not to perform very well in that territory. So, it was a 
huge learning experience for us, and we needed to also stabilize the business that we take over.  
We have now, in January of 2025, replaced the entrepreneur with a new CEO who came into to 
play, and he settled into the business by 2026. We started the project in February 2026 with a 
view that we will correct the long-term with a view that whatever we are going to correct the 
long-term trajectory of the business. We had not anticipated the West Asia crisis, and we had, 
of course, you never know about commodity prices. It was fairly early in the cycle at that point 
of time, so we had not anticipated that.  
So, I think we live in an extremely ambiguous and a volatile world, and management tries its 
best to try and ensure that we are able to manage the business in the most effective way and give 
the best returns to the minority shareholders also.  
So, it's in retrospect, I think we can comment on how things are done, but when you are running 
the business on an ongoing basis, I think it is important for you to understand and appreciate the 
circumstances that develop around a business. 
Balaji Vaidyanathan: 
Thank you so much. If you could just throw some light on what the market share movement has 
been, you know, in, have we actually lost any kind of market share whether it is in the Kerala 
market or Karnataka market or is it flat or, you know, if you could throw some light on that, 
please? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Sure. Thank you for that again. In the Karnataka market and the Andhra Pradesh market, we 
have gained anything from 30 basis points to 50 basis points in terms of market share. In the 
Kerala market, we have a marginal decline of about 30 basis points in terms of market share.  
So, and I think that is also one of the important reasons why it is imperative for us to restructure 
the distribution out there, so that we can be far more effective in the market to ensure that we 
win and build our shares in the market. 
Balaji Vaidyanathan: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. And one last broad question. I know you don't give guidance, 
but, you know, say, 3 years down the line or whatever it is, sir, do we have any kind of internal 
target that we should be 1.5x GDP growth, 1.6x GDP growth or some such figure, that we would 
probably like to have, considering that we have, huge potential in the convenience foods 
category as well? So, from an overall growth point of view, can Orkla be looked upon as a 
company that can grow 1.5x GDP? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
We certainly have the -- if you look at the basics of our business, we certainly have one of the 
most powerful food brands in our portfolio. We also have a very strong record in the past. If you 

 
Orkla India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
look at since inception, since 2007 that we've been in the in the market before the IPO, the 
business and the brand MTR that we had, we have grown that business by about 12%, 13% 
CAGR over a long period of time.  
After acquiring Eastern and our strategy also involves, I mean, one of the reasons we did the 
IPO was also to get structural flexibility as far as our business is concerned and to be able to not 
just look at organic growth drivers, but also to look at inorganic growth drivers as far as the 
business is concerned.  
And therefore, I think I believe that there is a very strong opportunity to build the food business. 
We also have a very unique approach, which resonates very strongly to the fact that India does 
not have one cuisine across the entire country and building ourselves through multiple local 
regional brands is going to be a very powerful and a very successful strategy for this market.  
So, I truly believe that we have what it takes. I do not -- there's a good reason why we do not 
give forward-looking statements. I would urge you to look at our past performance and do keep 
watching this space as the next quarters unfold in front of you. 
Balaji Vaidyanathan: 
Thank you so much, and wish you all the best, sir. 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Thank you very much, Balaji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Aniket Kamble from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Aniket Kamble: 
Yes. Hi, team. So, PLI scheme, so last year, we could not realize the PLI benefits due to not 
meeting certain CAGR thresholds. For FY’27, for this quarter, we are back on double-digit 
growth. What is your outlook or what is your anticipation for PLI this year? 
Suniana Calapa: 
Aniket, thank you for your question. I believe that it's still early days. It's just one quarter that 
we've passed. So, we'll keep tracking our growth and if we become eligible for the PLI, then we 
shall start to accrue it.  
But at this point in time, it is difficult to confirm whether we will be eligible for PLI and we will 
take the suitable measures as the quarters go by. And I'd just also like to remind you, this is also 
the last year for the PLI scheme, so FY ‘26-‘27 is also the last year of the PLI scheme. 
Aniket Kamble: 
Sure, ma'am. Another thing on the input cost inflation. So, since last two years, we were in -- 
the spices was in deflation mode and since last two quarters, we are witnessing a hyperinflation 
in that. How are we prioritizing volume versus protecting our margins? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Yes. I think on that, Aniket, our approach to pricing is very clear and I'd articulated that earlier. 
In pure spices, we mimic the commodity prices and we pass on the price directly to the consumer, 
because we keep a 10% premium over the wholesale price of chili, whole chilli and we keep a 
10% premium and we based on that we price ourselves. In my mind, I think 10% is the basic -- 
their basic premium that one should keep.  

 
Orkla India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
On the masala side, I think when we started the year and we started to see the prices go up, we 
did two exercises. One is that we ensured that when the prices had gone down, our competitive 
index relative to some of the key competitors that we have locally had gone up, so we corrected 
our price index out there and then we looked at the cost, the balance cost impact and we've 
passed it on to the consumers.  
Our disposition at any given point of time, especially in masalas, is to ensure that we err on the 
side of volume growth rather than driving our costs up. So, if there are any minor changes in 
cost, we typically don't take a price increase and we err on the side of margin. That is the one of 
the reasons if you look at it and I spoke about a figure of 6.3% volume growth. That has come 
despite the fact that we have taken very high price increases in masalas.  
We've still been able to deliver a 6.3% volume growth without Kerala in the domestic business. 
That is coming at the back of a very fine balancing between pricing and margin management out 
there. 
Aniket Kamble: 
Sure, sir. Thanks. And last question on digital commerce. So, this quarter, digital commerce has 
grown to about high single-digit of our domestic revenue. How is the profitability on our digital 
channels versus, let's say, traditional channels such as GT? 
Suniana Calapa: 
So, Aniket, I'll take that question. So, our digital commerce is a key growth lever and the 
profitability is extremely strong. And the reason for the profitability being strong vis-a-vis some 
of the other channels is also the portfolio that we sell on digital commerce.  
So, the portfolio that we sell on digital commerce is largely convenience foods. It's nearly a 60-
40 mix of convenience foods to spices and even in spices, it is blended spices that sells more 
than pure spices. As a result, because of the mix, a very, very good mix of products that we sell 
on digital commerce, margins in digital commerce are extremely healthy. 
Aniket Kamble: 
Sure, ma'am. Thank you. Super helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ravi Purohit with Securities Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Yes. Hi. Most of my questions have been answered. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Yasser Lakdawala with M3 Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Yasser Lakdawala: 
I mean, in periods of spice inflation, do consumers downgrade to loose spices or unorganized 
spice players in the pure space? And once a consumer is sort of used to branded spices, do they 
continue to stick to brands? Like, any thought process you could probably share on that? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Actually, it's a strange mix of events that take place when the prices go up and down. When the 
prices go down, we see a large proliferation of unbranded players that come into the market. 
Okay? 

 
Orkla India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
 
And when the prices go up, these two see these unbranded players actually disappear, because 
there is no science in making pure spices. It's just taking the whole spice and grinding it and 
packing it into a plastic thing and selling it. But when the prices go up, when inflation really 
goes up, we do see a movement towards branded products because what we see is that a lot of 
these small brands actually disappear. And this is a basic everyday product that the consumer 
uses. 
When you look at it from a consumer basket perspective, the total spice cost in the whole 
consumer basket of food is just about 2.5% of the total expenses. So, even if you see a 30% 
inflation, you're actually just seeing the total cost going up from 2.5% to 2.8% or 2.9% of the 
total to nearly 3% of the total household expenditure. So, it's not really a very substantive hit. 
However, consumers may behave in different ways when depending upon which particular 
product that they are talking about. 
Yasser Lakdawala: 
Sure. And Sanjay, it'd be great if you could highlight how many geographies are we sort of 
present in via the online sort of commerce for our convenience food business and sort of what is 
the scope for us to sort of reach more pin codes, because we've we continue to grow strongly in 
that part of the business. So, if you could shed some light on that, that would be helpful. 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Sure. While we say we are a local business and we are focused in the South, we've been always 
present in anything between the top 100 to top 150 towns of India through general trade 
distribution also. So, even in digital commerce, I don't have the exact number of pin codes with 
me, but I if you can leave your number with one of us, then we will reach out to you and let you 
know the exact number of pin codes that we are delivering. 
But our focus with digital commerce is largely to play in the top 28 towns, and beyond also, 
because we are seeing very good business development happening in the smaller pin codes of 
India also. 
Yasser Lakdawala: 
Absolutely. Thanks that. And lastly there's been like recent crackdowns on sort of food 
establishments and there's been a lot of online activisms in terms of like, say, packaged food 
labels. Now, Orkla we've sort of one of our pillars has been like we offer high-quality products. 
So, how do we sort of leverage that that that sort of quality focus that we have and how do we 
intend to stand out. 
And just building on that how do we sort of any plans on increasing our A&SP spend to further 
drive volume growth and sort of consumer sort of activation in terms of our portfolio of brands 
and the sort of the impact of quality? If you could highlight something on those lines any 
thoughts you have on this will be helpful. 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Yes. So, thank you for that question. I think one is the fact that around this activism, I think 
activism is also coming at the back of consumer demand and consumer expectations. So, we are 
cognizant about what happens, and what are the narratives that are being built around. And if 
you look at some of the new products that we are launching, they are like -- we've launched six 
new products as far as the Gen Z is concerned, which are palm oil-free and which are protein-
enriched. 

 
Orkla India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
So, people are looking for nutritionally-enriched meals. So, we are taking into cognizance in 
terms of what the consumer expectations are and we do keep a close watch on the activism that 
happens. We have programs around salt reduction that we are running inside the company. There 
are programs around building products that are nutritionally strong for the consumers. So, and 
all of those you will start to see playing out as we as we move ahead. 
So, we are closely listening to what is happening on the social and digital channels, and we are 
we're picking up consumer trends and innovation trends out of that, and accelerating the 
innovation program. And as you would have seen in in narrative earlier on, we've done 23 
innovations in this quarter. So, we are trying to leverage the narrative in a positive way so that 
we can build the entire business. And for this, if we need to spend more behind A&SP, we are 
quite open to doing that, because there is one focus that is very clear as far as the business is 
concerned. 
We've had 8 quarters of single-digit growth that we have had, despite the fact that we had strong 
volume growth. The ask from the market has always been to look at double-digit growth. So, we 
are we are now investing behind growth. Growth is going to be the single most important driver, 
and more importantly, volume growth is going to be the single most important driver as we go 
forward. 
Yasser Lakdawala: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to  
the management for the closing remarks. Thank you, and over to you, team. 
Siddharth Borkar: 
Thank you all for attending this call. Please do get in touch with us in case of any further 
questions, and we look forward to interacting with you again in the future. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
