 
 
Date: August 13, 2026 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001  
India 
 
Scrip Code: 543529 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
India  
 
Symbol: DELHIVERY  
 
Sub: 
Transcript of Earnings Conference Call pertaining to the Unaudited Financial Results for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2026 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated August 08, 2026, regarding audio recording of the 
Earnings Conference Call held on August 08, 2026, at 06:00 P.M. (IST) on the performance of the 
Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended  
June 30, 2026.  
 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the above Earnings Conference Call. 
 
The above disclosure is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at www.delhivery.com. 
 
You are requested to take the same on your record.  
Thank you. 
Yours sincerely, 
For Delhivery Limited 
 
 
Madhulika Rawat 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: F 8765 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
Madhulika 
Vipin Rawat
Digitally signed by 
Madhulika Vipin 
Rawat 
Date: 2026.08.13 
23:50:27 +05'30'

 
 
 
Delhivery Limited - Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
AUG 08, 2026 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 Management: ​ MR. SAHIL BARUA, MD & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. VIVEK PABARI, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MS. VANI VENKATESH, CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
MR. VARUN BAKSHI, CHIEF SALES OFFICER 
MR. NAVNEET KUMAR, HEAD - SUPPLY CHAIN SERVICES 
 
 
Moderator: ​
DHRUV JAIN, AMBIT CAPITAL 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
Sahil Barua : Thank you Dhruv, thank you Ambit team for hosting us and thank you all who 
have joined today on Saturday evening. We will make a slight change from our usual practice so 
far, I will just start with a quick summary of the quarter. Our investor presentation and analyst 
presentation is already uploaded, so instead of going through that after a short summary, we will 
just jump directly into questions and answers. 
  
So, very quickly, looking at Q1, it's been a solid start to the year. Overall revenues for Q1FY27 
came in at nearly Rs.3000 Cr, up about 28% year-on-year compared to Q1FY26 and EBITDA 
came in at Rs.156 Cr, which is about a 5% growth year-on-year. Q1 was an interesting quarter 
because we faced several new challenges as a business. 
  
There have been chronic labor shortages across the industry throughout the period of April, May 
and June. We also had significant disruptions due to both elections as well as weather in this 
quarter, some of which - especially weather-related challenges - have continued a little bit into 
Q2. There was also the overhang of geopolitical uncertainty leading to inflation and input costs 
and fuel and changes to the statutory labour codes. 
  
What I'm particularly proud of is that despite a challenging external environment, we delivered 
record volumes in Q1. Our express business delivered 322 million packages in Q1, which 
represents a growth of 55% year-on-year and continues to reflect the sustained trust that tens of 
thousands of e-commerce shippers and clients across the country continue to place in the 
Delhivery network. Our PTL network also continued its growth trajectory. 
  
We delivered close to about 542,000 tonnes of freight in Q1, which represents a growth of 18% 
year-on-year. More importantly, yield continued to improve in the PTL business and has risen to 
close to nearly Rs. 12 for Q1FY27, leading to a revenue growth of over 20% year-on-year.  
Our supply chain services business came in at nearly Rs.200 Cr of revenue for Q1.  
 
Profitability was affected by the start of two new large contracts, which we expect will stabilize 
over a combination of Q2 and early Q3. The pipeline in this business continues to remain strong 
with new client starts expected in e-commerce, which is one of our core sectors, but also in 
automotives and consumer durables.  
 
New initiatives also continue to grow rapidly. Delhivery Direct, which we've spoken about 
before, is growing faster than initially expected. Our original plan was to reach a GMV of close 
to Rs. 250 Cr in FY27. As things stand, we are currently at a GMV ahead of plan at close to 
about Rs.150 Cr GMV and expect that we will close the year higher than originally planned. 
  
Contribution margins have also expanded compared to where we originally thought we would be 
and our anticipated investments in this year therefore will be somewhat lower. From a 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
technology standpoint, we launched Delhivery Maps, which is based on our proprietary GIS 
information. Obviously, we've been deploying Delhivery Maps across internal operations for a 
while now but intend to also make this available to external customers going forward. 
  
Our investments in automation and engineering have also continued. We continue to bring in 
new industrial automation systems across both our key transportation facilities in terms of 
in-facility movement and automated storage and retrieval systems across our fulfilment centers. 
As the external environment continues to remain challenging, especially from a labor availability 
standpoint, these automation investments we expect will be key to sustaining market share 
growth over the next couple of years. 
  
Net-net, I think looking back at Q1, it's a very good start to the financial year. Record volumes in 
Q1 especially are particularly heartening given that Q1 is usually the slowest quarter of the year 
in logistics and we're well positioned for the year ahead. We anticipate the overall environment 
to be more benign going forward and see no major changes to either our FY27 or medium or 
long-term growth and profitability targets. 
  
So, it's a short summary. With that, what I'll do is just wait for the queue to form and be happy to 
take questions as they come up.  
 
Dhruv Jain, Ambit Capital: Sure. Thanks, Sahil. We'll wait for the queue to form. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may just use the raise hand button, and we'll let you in then. 
 
Sahil Barua: Dhruv, I think we’ve got a couple of people in the queue so we can start whenever 
you’re good. 
  
Dhruv Jain, Ambit Capital: Sure, Okay. The first question is from Sachin Salgaonkar. Sachin, 
please go ahead with your question. 
  
Sachin Salgaonkar: Hi, Dhruv. Hi, management. Three questions. First question, Sahil, is on the 
express volume growth or guidance of 20-30%. Clearly, it's a wide range. When we look at 20% 
at the low end to 30% at the high end, can you help us understand how we should think about the 
contours in terms of what will drive the growth towards a low end and high end? And when we 
talk about new customers, what kind of new customers? Is it mainly the quick service which is 
picking up and beyond? And any color in terms of how much volumes are e-commerce, let's say, 
versus a D2C vertical versus quick service would be helpful. Thanks. Let me pause here and then 
I’ll ask the other two questions. 
  
Sahil Barua: Sachin, why don't you give me all your questions and I'll answer them one by one.. 
  

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
Sachin Salgaonkar: Got it. The second question, Sahil, is on PTL yield. You did mention about 
this number going up in a meaningful manner this quarter. Is it something related to seasonality 
or is it something which is sustainable going ahead? That's question number two. And question 
number three is these entire contractual revisions in terms of fuel price, which comes with a time 
lag of one month. And your point of it getting reflected into Q2. One of your listed peers has a 
similar revision, but that happened after five days versus one month. So just wanted to 
understand, are we doing an apples to apples comparison or is there something more than a 
bilateral agreement with 3PL's get with their customers? Thank you. 
  
Sahil Barua: Sure. So let me start off on Express. Overall our growth so far in Q1 is 55% YoY, 
but of course that also has the base effect due to the fact that the Ecom Express acquisition was 
fully reported from Q2 onwards in the last financial year. 
  
Broadly looking at where we are at the start of Q1 and the early part of Q2, we're towards the 
mid or upper side of the range that I spoke about, which is a 20-30% range. Demand has 
continued to remain strong even in Q2. To be honest, Q1 is actually interesting because it's a 
quarter which generally is quite soft. 
  
Now what we have seen is that even adjusting for the Ecom Express acquisition, our volume 
growth in Q1 has actually been pretty robust. We are ourselves trying to see what that means in 
terms of our internal projections for the rest of the financial year. If I look at the Q1 volumes and 
where we started off in Q2 and what we are hearing so far for the rest of Q2 and early Q3, it does 
look like we will be towards the better end of the range that we have provided. 
  
That said, this is something that we're still tracking pretty closely, which is why the wider range, 
otherwise we would have been a bit narrower. In terms of what factors will affect overall 
volumes for the year, we'll know a bit more over the next month as we see the festive sales 
starting to spike towards the festive sales. 
  
August is generally one of the first high watermark months that you see in this industry. What's 
interesting, of course, like I said, is that we already started seeing pretty high volumes in Q1. 
And August, so far, I know it's only been eight days, but so far, even August volumes are looking 
pretty robust. 
  
That's one part. The second is, of course, from a technology standpoint, I've spoken about this in 
the past. We have improved our serviceability engines and our demand shaping tools over the 
last year or so, which determines both the volumes that we are directing into different DCs and 
also the kind of volumes that we are directing into our different DCs. 
  

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
And that also will play some part in our ability to take on extra loads. One of the key features, as 
an example, is our ability to redirect traffic within our network towards underutilised nodes. 
Now, as that system continues to mature, the really big impact that we will see will be during the 
peak season. 
  
So like I said, I'm fairly optimistic about the fact that we'll be towards the upper end of that 
range. But, just given how abnormal it is to see a very strong Q1 in this industry, I mean, I've 
been doing this for 15 years. This is possibly the first time that we've seen a Q1 which has been 
strong on volumes. We've just taken a wider range.  
 
In terms of new customers, we've seen this across the board. Obviously, in terms of the count of 
customers, the majority of new customers that come into the delivery network are direct to 
consumer and SME businesses. We continue to have pretty solid client growth in terms of the 
number of customers signing up to use Delhivery, self-signing on to the DelhiveryOne portal, or 
even using the consumer application to come on. 
  
So growth has been pretty much across the board. Our D2C volumes, every year I get asked this 
question, and I think every year we come back with more or less the same answer. The sustained 
growth in D2C volumes continues to be in that 40 to 45% range year-on-year. 
  
This is a segment within which we have a disproportionate share. And also what tends to happen 
is that we have a disproportionate share of heavier packages. So we've seen, while we've seen 
new customers come in across the board across segments, obviously the larger count has been on 
D2C and SME. 
  
But that said, if you look at the volume growth numbers, it's pretty evident that volumes have 
grown more or less across all customers, across all segments. Faster speeds also obviously have 
contributed additional volumes. We launched our SDD and our NDD programmes in a more 
structured fashion. 
  
We always provided the service, but it's a more structured product, over the last five or six 
months. And it's also better integrated into our supply chain services business. Now that is also 
becoming a meaningful part of our overall express volumes. 
  
On PTL yields, this isn't a seasonal improvement in yields at all. This is actually a planned and 
delivered improvement in yields. We've been talking about this for several years now, saying 
that, as this quality of the network continues to improve and as our relative scale continues to 
improve, our ability to generate higher yields will also improve. 
  

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
Of course, a part of it is linked to the fact that there are fuel pass-throughs. But I think,, we have 
something like a 37 paisa improvement in yield, of which really only about 6 paisa is coming 
from the fuel inflation. Most of it is just organic improvements in yield. 
  
So, there's no reason to believe that this will not be sustainable. And, it's across all sorts of 
distances. So, it's not that we're just getting long distance parcels, which is long-distance freight, 
which is really increasing the yield. 
  
We're seeing this across the board. In terms of contractual revisions, this just depends really on 
what kind of contracts different logistics companies have signed with customers and how soon it 
manifests. In our case, with some customers, we have situations where we look at the average 
fuel price over a month and then index that and revise pricing going forward because there's 
pretty significant variability right now in the way fuel costs have been moving. 
  
So, in our case, by about the end April to mid-May is when the discussions with customers on 
the contractual revisions had begun. And in some cases, we have more complex engagements 
with customers where the pricing that we charge to them, also depends on the kind of share of 
wallet that they provide to us and the profitability of every lane that they provide to us. So, in 
any case, what will happen is the entire impact of fuel inflation and the passthroughs will be 
evident in the Q2 numbers. 
  
Sachin Salgaonkar: Got it, Sahil. Just one clarification on the NBFC point you guys mentioned 
in the shareholder letter. The point was out there, asset light. 
  
What we understand, obviously, if it's lending, there will be capital allocated towards NBFC. So, 
what exactly do you guys mean by asset light?  ​
 
Sahil Barua: So our intention is not to lend heavily off the Delhivery’s balance sheet at all. 
We have a number of high quality lending partners who we intend to work with and with whom 
discussions are already underway, where essentially the logic is that Delhivery understands and 
knows both the demand side as well as the supply side. And therefore, the information that we 
have, first of all, is valuable. And the second piece, of course, is that we are underwriting to 
some extent the demand that the supply side of the fleet owners are expected to serve. 
  
So fundamentally, we don't anticipate having to allocate significant capital ourselves to lend. The 
idea really for Delhivery is to be able to facilitate fleet owners, to get both insurance as well as 
fleet financing and expand their fleet. The benefit to us is the fact that a larger pool of supply 
ultimately becomes a more stable pool of supply for us as we grow and reduces cost of service 
for us over time. 
  

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
Sachin Salgaonkar: Thanks, Sahil. All the best. Thank you. 
  
Dhruv Jain, Ambit: Thanks, Sachin. The next question is from the line of Vijit Jain. 
  
Vijit Jain: Thanks for the opportunity. Sahil, three questions from my side and I'd also just shoot 
them straight up. So, a follow up to your previous answer where you said that the yield increases 
in PTL of about six paisa would have been fuel linked. 
  
If I back that out, is it fair to say that, maybe 20 percent of the margin impact that you would 
have seen in the quarter is fuel linked and the vast majority of the rest is more of those minimum 
wage increases? I mean, when I look at the gross margins on a QoQ basis, they're down 300 bps. 
  
So I'm just trying to split that into these two. That's first. Second is your comment on the 
e-commerce demand environment in 1Q and I mean, it's pretty visible that on a QoQ basis, this 
is, I think, one of the first quarters in many years where you've seen, 5-6% growth rate. 
  
I wanted to understand how much of it is the underlying market improving versus further market 
consolidation. We've, of course, heard of those things happening. That's the second question I 
had. 
  
And the third question I had was, the Delhivery Local and Delhivery Direct businesses, do they 
use your existing physical infrastructure? Because at least my understanding would be that there 
would be more or less local transportation in cities. Right. 
  
So I just wanted to understand these three things a little bit better. Thank you.  
  
Sahil Barua: Sure. Thanks, Vijit. I'll answer those questions, I'll answer them in reverse order, 
because on the first one, I'll also ask my colleague, Vivek, our CFO, to come in. On Delhivery 
Local, there are two parts to it: Delhivery Local and Delhivery Direct . 
  
Local is the one where we provide light commercial vehicles on hire, on demand, intra-city. This 
is largely speaking a point to point movement, which is, let's say a trader wants to ship 
something to another trader within Ahmedabad or within Bombay or Delhi or Bangalore. So in 
that sense, they don't really use any physical infrastructure. 
  
The fleet owners who participate in Delhivery Local are either independent fleet owners, and 
they're typically a combination of people who work with us across other parts of our network. So 
these could be people who provide LCVs to our regular express or PTL operations or even 
within our gateways or within our hubs, starting from one facility to another. But there isn't 
really that much physical infrastructure that's involved in this business on the Local side. 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
  
Delhivery Direct, which is also delivered through the same app, which is the Delhivery app. So, 
you can both book LCVs in these six cities, but you can also, as a consumer, ship inter-city 
across the entire country. Delhivery Direct is the consumer application. 
  
There it's no different, in some senses, from our express business, which is like an e-commerce 
parcel for all practical purposes.  
 
In terms of growth in e-commerce, it's interesting because you're right, we have not seen a 5.5 
percent or any growth, frankly, between Q4 and Q1 of the subsequent financial year for a while. 
So it's a pretty solid indicator, all things considered. 
  
I'm not sure that all of it is down to underlying market growth, because, if you look at it overall, 
market commentary has been that the market continues to grow. People have been guarded 
overall on e-commerce volumes. I think a part of it is down to, I don't know if I should call it 
consolidation, but effectively, as I mentioned in the past, uncertain environments are actually 
good for Delhivery. 
  
We brought this up in the past as well. What typically tends to happen in uncertain environments 
is that there's a flight to quality and there's a flight to a long-term sustainable player. And so 
typically in this period, we do see volumes coming to Delhivery because what tends to happen, 
and to some extent, in an ideal world, we would have liked profitability in Q1 to be higher than it 
turned out to be. 
  
But we made the decision at that point in time at the start of Q1 to say, network service quality 
must take precedence over anything else. And so, those investments in having additional staffing 
were required because of the uncertainties that we had to continue to support our fleet partners 
when fuel costs were going up and to make certain investments in the network to maintain 
service levels. I think that has paid off. And that's part of the reason why we've seen an increase 
in volumes in Q1 and a sustained improvement towards this part of Q2 that we've been in so far 
as well. I think it's more of a share shift towards higher quality because we've sustained service 
levels as opposed to anything else. In terms of the change, in terms of the impact of both fuel as 
well as minimum wages, Vivek, can you comment on specific details that we have over here? 
  
See, just very broadly before Vivek comes in, in the transportation businesses, one thing to bear 
in mind is that fuel and wages have differential impact on express and on PTL. Fuel is obviously 
a more significant factor for PTL, relatively speaking, as compared to express where labour is 
more important cost overall. But Vivek, feel free to go ahead. 
  

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
Vivek Pabari: I think you are referring to some 20 percent, which I guess you mean 0.6 
percentage of margin impact is through fuel. Look, if you think about the direct impact, which is 
the fuel price at the retail pump going up for our trucks, yes, you are broadly right. But in a way, 
the impact will actually be higher. 
  
The overall oil prices do impact consumables cost and they do impact the airline charges. And 
while our last mile riders also start expecting a higher payout when the fuel prices go up. So 
overall impact would actually be higher than that. 
  
The direct impact is closer to the number that you are referring to. The manpower cost hit  will 
be in the similar range. 
  
Vijit Jain: So Vivek, then out of the 300 bps, if I'm looking at it, right, quarter on quarter basis, 
right, six paisa, the fuel price increase that you've taken on PTL gives a good indicator. That's 
what I was looking at. So it seemed like minimum wages had a bigger impact here. I just wanted 
to double check if that assessment was correct. 
  
Vivek Pabari: Minimum wages, you would expect them to have a bigger impact also because 
there is no contractual pass-through clause for minimum wages. To some extent in this quarter, 
the contractual pass-through of fuel rates would give you some cushion against the cost increases 
and some margin protection. 
  
The full benefit will be visible in the second quarter. But on minimum wages, you don't have any 
such contractual clause. So yes, the impact would be larger. 
  
Vijit Jain: Got it. And maybe if I can follow through on that, would you, would you, be looking 
to pass on these cost increases as well immediately in 2Q and 3Q and so on, the minimum wage 
impact? 
  
Sahil Barua: I think yes, and in certain parts, but I'll go back to what I was talking about earlier, 
which is, we've spoken about this, a lot of how we choose to price individual contracts with 
different customers depends on the overall volume share that we expect to get from them, 
because there's also the fact that as volumes go up, we see operating leverage. And so, we, in that 
sense, have a unique ability in an inflationary environment to make sure that customers don't 
bear the full extent of the inflation by using our efficiencies as well. So, both sides end up 
winning. But yes, as minimum wages get revised, we do anticipate that they will continue to get 
revised. We will pass that on in the form of price increases to customers down the line.  
 
Vijit Jain: Got it. Thank you so much, Sahil. Thank you, Vivek. Those are my questions. 
  

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
Sahil Barua: But, sorry, Vijit, I know this wasn't your question. So, Dhruv, before we take the 
next question, I think on the previous question, that was asked by Sachin, there was something 
about somebody saying that there will be a five-day pass-through of diesel price hikes. I believe 
that was one of our competitors who’s largely in the e-commerce space. When we were referring 
to the fact that contracts typically can stay till the month end before you revise pricing. That's 
typically in the freight world. In the e-commerce world, of course, any inflation on pricing in 
terms of fuel, many of those contracts obviously don't have the same structure as the freight 
contracts. A larger part, the reason why I was talking about freight contracts and why it's 
important to differentiate is that fuel has a significantly outsized impact on freight business as 
opposed to the e-commerce business. 
  
Dhruv Jain, Ambit: Next question is from Alok Deora. Alok, you can unmute and go ahead 
with your question. 
 
Alok Deora: Good evening, this is Alok Deora from Motilal Oswal. So, some of the questions 
have been answered. But just following up on the question related to the increase in cost. So, just 
had a couple of questions. One is like now we are in August. So, the last diesel price hike was in 
May. So, as we went into July and the contracts would have been revised for the fuel impact. So, 
is it fair to assume that July and August would be at the pre-diesel hike margins? So, one 
question is that. 
  
Second is, typically we have seen that the wage cost pass-through is a much more difficult thing 
to do very seamlessly as compared to fuel cost, because fuel is very much in the public domain. 
So, customers are still kind of okay to allow that to some extent. But wage cost is typically more 
of negotiation and how we put it across. 
  
So, could there be a case that the wage impact could last for maybe, one quarter or two quarters 
depending on the demand scenario and things like that? Just your thoughts on that, please. 
  
Sahil Barua: Yeah, sure. So, on wage cost, the reality, yes and no. Wage costs do not have the 
same contractual structure that fuel costs have. And part of the reason is because fuel is, 
relatively speaking, national rates are closer to each other, whereas wage costs vary dramatically 
across different states. But fundamentally, look, the wage cost also, when the changes are as 
dramatic as they have been, does get passed on and it's not as difficult a discussion with 
customers as you might think, because the reality is that when the minimum wage goes up, it's a 
statutory wage that goes up. Now, unless you as a shipper are deciding specifically to work with 
a non-compliant partner, which large shippers, and meaningful shippers generally are not willing 
to do, because ultimately you do want your goods to be delivered safely and by a reliable 
network, the reality, therefore, is that that inflation is borne by all your service providers. So it's 
not really as difficult a negotiation. The only difference, of course, is that with this fuel cost, you 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
have a defined timeline, which is, the contract is indexed every month to the fuel cost for that 
prevailing month, which with wage costs, it's not very cleanly defined. And so, this is a 
discussion that goes on with customers. 
  
But suffice to say, all of these negotiations with customers are underway. And as I mentioned, 
should the wage cost inflation continue, more states will come in. We are still waiting to see what 
happens exactly in Karnataka, but as that comes in, pricing for customers will get revised in line 
with that, and I don't anticipate that that delay will be very significant. Which brings me back to 
the original question, which is, do we anticipate any changes to our margins overall for FY27 
compared to what we've been saying so far? 
  
I don't think we will see a very significant difference to our margins. We don't anticipate a very 
significant difference to our margins, despite where Q1 has turned out to be. A couple of reasons 
I mentioned, the only difference is that we've had to make sure that service standards across the 
network remain absolutely robust in a difficult operating environment. 
  
We've had to bring forward some investments that we would have otherwise made a little later in 
terms of either staffing or network expansion. Now, those have come in a little earlier. The good 
thing is that H2 typically is when volumes and logistics, whether it's parcel or freight, both grow 
pretty significantly. 
  
And as that happens some of these investments have been made already. And so they'll just get 
absorbed. So no, I don't anticipate any structural change to our margin trajectory for the year or 
beyond either. 
  
But of course, to be honest, on fuel, especially at this point in time, your guess is as good as mine 
as to what's going to happen tomorrow. So we'll continue to watch that. And obviously, we'll 
keep everyone updated. 
  
But as things stand, I think, things seem okay. 
  
Alok Deora: Sure. If you could also indicate whether from July onwards, since all the fuel 
contracts have been revised, I mean, that month’s lag has played out now. And would we be, as 
far as fuel is concerned, we would be at the pre-diesel hike kind of margins? 
  
Sahil Barua: Yeah, I think Varun Bakshi is on this call, but more or less, I think practically all of 
the contracts have been revised. But Varun, you're on the call.  ​
 
Varun Bakshi: Yeah, so Alok, while the coverage is not 100%, I can confirm it's almost, almost 
100%. There are few customers where it wasn't there for reasons. Very, very, very less volume. 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
We are covered upward of 97, 98% at this point in time. Obviously, when the diesel price hike 
happened, this number was slightly lower, which we have worked on till then. Just clarifying one 
more thing on DPH for the benefit of everyone. DPH is look back and look back on the previous 
month on the average price. So, basically, the price escalation happened in multiple parts during 
May, which means the June reference was not totally the last hike price for me. It was an average 
of gradually moving from 1st May to 31st May. So, in that sense, the effect of DPH in July can 
be expected, if the price remains the same, July, August can be expected to be more than AMJ. 
Hope that clarifies. 
  
Alok Deora: Sure, that does. Thank you so much. All the best. 
  
Dhruv Jain, Ambit: Thank you, Alok. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria. 
Gaurav, you may unmute and go ahead with your question. 
  
Gaurav Rateria: Hi, congrats, Sahil, on the reappointment. Congrats, Vani, on elevation. My 
questions are a couple of them. Let me just read all of them together. The first is you alluded to 
market share gain in your express business. Just want to understand, is it more within the 3PL 
consolidation happening with the stronger pairs, or is there also some evidence of a share shift 
happening from the insourced logistics arms of the e-commerce companies to the 3PL 
companies? 
  
The second question is, I understand the 1Q margins had many factors, which are external in 
nature that impacted the service EBITDA margin of 13.1%. But is there any normalised margin 
to go with? What would have been the normalised margins had these factors not been at play? 
And how much of this would be recouped and by when? It may summarize all the comments that 
you're making around the fuel and the wage cost. 
  
The third is that on the wage cost, I understand it's related to the minimum wages, but there were 
also certain changes made to the gig worker side of things in a couple of states. So have they 
been implemented yet? 
  
Or there is further implementation of that will bring certain changes to the cost structure for the 
industry and for the company. And lastly, Sahil, I know that you're giving up certain of the roles, 
more roles to Vani, more responsibilities. So how are you going to be incrementally spending 
time on going forward in the company? 
  
  
Sahil  Barua: Thanks, Gaurav. Let me go one by one. On market share, your question was 
whether its growth with (inaudible for a few second) or across clients. We've seen both 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
improvements overall in our share relative to other 3PLs, but also an improvement in share from 
customers who have in-house logistics. 
  
So basically, the growth in volumes from customers who have in-house logistics is also large 
enough to suggest that we've gained some share versus in-house logistics. And because I've been 
talking about since the day we went public, which is one, obviously maintaining service levels in 
a complex and inflationary environment is difficult for most networks, including first party 
networks. And uncertain environments are typically good for Delhivery. 
  
We've always seen that in the past 15 years. We have certain structural cost advantages. We have 
certain structural service advantages. 
  
And we also, to be fair, which will bring me to your second question as well, have invested to 
make sure that we retain that service quality in the challenging environment. So, my sense is that 
we've gained share overall. Is it evidence of a structural shift in how people think about 
insourcing versus outsourcing? 
  
Evidence is a strong word. The reality is, again, I've been honest about this for several years, 
which is that working with a high-quality trusted third party partner is a very high quality 
decision for any e-commerce company. I do believe that there are structural advantages that the 
third-party industry brings to e-commerce shippers. 
  
Whether it's evidence or not, of course, depends on what our client's individual strategies are. 
They have individual viewpoints on why they continue to run logistics in-house. They have 
individual experiments that they're all trying. 
  
Certainly, we've seen two very good quarters in terms of volume, whether it's Q4, which again, 
historically, has not necessarily been as strong as Q3. Now, we saw a good Q3, we saw a strong 
Q4, and we've seen a strong Q1 now. Is there conclusive evidence that there's a shift from 
insourcing towards third party? 
  
I certainly hope so. At least so far, the volumes have been pretty encouraging. But let's see. I 
hope so. Let me put it that way.  
 
The second question in terms of the impact that could have been of the inflation, of both wages 
and fuel, and what normalized margins are, my sense is that we should have, Vivek, you would 
have more detail on this, but my sense is what, between 35 and 40 Cr? 
  
Vivek Pabari: Sahil, yes, closer to the number on the lower range. Yeah, close to about, 35 Cr 
thereabouts, in terms of just making sure that one, I mean, some of this, obviously, what will 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
happen is that this is because of a delay in the pass-through on fuel, which will happen in Q2. 
But some of it, as I'd mentioned, is to make sure that we maintain service quality in quarter one. 
  
So normalised, it would have been at least probably about 30-35 Cr higher compared to where 
we ended up.  
 
Third question,  the area that we need to spend most time on as a company outside of, of course, 
everyday operations management, making sure our clients are happy and so on, goes without 
saying. But, again, I've spoken about this in the past when we were going public as well. 
  
About every four or five years, there's a fundamental change that happens from a technology and 
engineering standpoint in logistics. And I have been speaking about this for the last year or two, 
which is that we're at the cusp of that moment again. When we started the company, there was no 
industrial automation in logistics at all. 
  
And then we went through phase one, where we went out and started introducing automation. 
The next question after buying automation or simple automation was to design more complex 
automation that was uniquely suited to Delhivery's needs. The third piece after that was to 
integrate, from a technology standpoint, on two different networks, which enabled us to deliver 
the kind of cost structure and service quality that we're able to deliver. 
  
We're at that juncture again, as a company, where we really need to relook at how we're going to 
mitigate some of the risks that we see coming up, whether it is labour availability is going to get 
more complex, statutory labour codes are changing. Doesn't matter whether it's for fixed 
employees, or whether it's for gig workers. And either way, wage inflation is a reality. 
  
The reality is that the operating environment from a climate standpoint is becoming more and 
more difficult to operate in. And these are challenges that delivery absolutely has to mitigate. So 
more of the time, across the senior management team, and certainly more of my time is going to 
go into the fundamental competitive advantages that delivery has, which are around network 
structure, technology, product and engineering. 
  
And I think that is really going to set us up for the next quality, till we reach the next leap, which 
is hopefully maybe, four or five years out.  
 
Gaurav Rateria: Thank you. All the best. 
  
Sahil Barua: Thank you.  
 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
Dhruv Jain, Ambit: Thanks, Gaurav. The next question is from Aditya Suresh. Aditya, you may 
unmute and go ahead with your question. 
  
Aditya Suresh: Thank you, So, three questions. So first is just a clarification on margins. So 
based on what you've given in the letter in terms of volume growth, can you just clarify again 
what margin we should expect for PTL and for express for FY27? We appreciate the longer term 
and what the business could do. But just I want some clarity on FY27 based on the volume 
growth that you see. That's one. Second is on supply chain services.The broader theme of the 
past few quarters has been about recalibrating that business, resetting that business, want better 
margins, better contracts etc. So in that context, could you speak about the sequential decline 
even as you scale revenues this quarter. 
  
And the third question was on Quick Commerce or how you've seen the Quick Commerce 
opportunity in terms of where you would like to play today. So obviously some of the listed 
players are more aggressive in that space. Do you have any desire to build more capabilities, 
capacities in the last one? Thank you. 
  
Sahil Barua: Sure. Thanks, Aditya. Vivek, do you want to come in on the first one? I can take 
two and three after you. 
  
Vivek Pabari: Aditya, In Express, our target has been in that 16-18% service EBITDA range. 
We continue to maintain that and we remain confident that in the second half of this financial 
year, we will be in that range, in fact, closer to the higher end of that range. The PTL, as you 
would have seen over the last two years, the consistent QoQ margin expansion which we 
typically end up exiting each financial year at roughly about one and a half to two percentage 
points better margin than the previous financial year. 
  
And that's the target with which we continue to execute this financial year as well. So yeah, the 
long-term target there also is 16-18%. We exited last financial year at 13.4%. This financial year, 
our internal objective will be to exit closer to 15-15.5% service EBITDA margins.  ​
 
Sahil Barua: Yeah. Coming to supply chain services, just be clear, Aditya, the reason why 
there's a sequential decline in the margins is not because of any structural change to the existing 
contracts that we had from the previous financial year. So the existing contracts that we had 
continue to remain profitable. Last year, the supply chain services business actually improved 
EBITDA by 4x year on year. So those contracts continue to remain as profitable as they were in 
the last financial year. 
  

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
The major change is the start of two new big contracts. At the start of the contract, what typically 
tends to happen is that we will commission the fulfilment centers across multiple sites. Inventory 
starts rolling in. 
  
There's a period where there's a mismatch between inventory inbound and inventory outbound. 
And typically, our billing will be on inventory outbound. So what tends to happen during that 
period, and it is factored into the overall NPV calculations or IRR calculations for the project, is 
that typically there's this buildup phase where margins are negative, because we're essentially 
paying the rent, we're paying the manpower, we're just stocking up for the client as they move 
from their previous operations to us. 
  
And that is the overhang that you see on Q1, where we've been scaling up both with an 
industrials player and a consumer durables player. It takes a little bit of time to set the network in 
place. So, it's not any structural change in the supply chain services business. 
  
It's just we had these two large contracts, which were starting off together. And what typically 
tends to happen is about 45 to 60 days after the inventory starts rolling in is when you start 
moving to high potential, the full potential outbound volumes. And at that stage, the margins 
start quickly scaling up and reaching their full potential. 
  
So, we don't anticipate any complications with the two new contracts that we signed as well. 
Now, obviously, where we started on e-commerce clients coming in, those contracts are typically 
profitable, almost from the get-go. I mean, there's an inventory buildup phase, but it's typically 
much shorter, because we already have the systems that are already pre-integrated very often, its 
transportation is happening through our existing network and so on. So no fundamental structural 
change for the SCS business. 
  
In terms of Quick Commerce, I've said this in the past, we do play in the part of Quick 
Commerce where brands, which either work with us as part of our supply chain services 
business, or, for example, in the PTL network, are supplying into mother warehouses or dark 
stores of the four or five large Quick Commerce players. And I think that part makes a lot of 
sense for Delhivery, because it fits strategically, and from a margin profile and from a unique, 
differentiated capability standpoint, with what we do as a network overall, we are ultimately one 
of the fastest growing PTL network in the country, one of the larger ones, the second largest 
player in the space, we have a differentiated ability to manage, appointment deliveries, hold 
requests, and so on. We understand ecommerce pretty well; we have the ability to allow our 
customers to ship to multiple channels out of the same pool of inventory and so on. 
  
So that's where our focus is going to remain, because we believe that that's where we add the 
most value. We have stayed away from two specific parts of Quick Commerce, as I've pointed 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
out before, we do not run dark stores for Quick Commerce players. As of now, there isn't a 
multiplayer dark store model that has emerged because every Quick Commerce player wants to 
have dedicated dark stores. 
  
And we do not do delivery from dark stores to consumers. For the simple reason that these, even 
if today the reality is that because the industry is going through this period of explosive growth, 
and you've seen Amazon enter and Flipkart enter, and there are five or six different players, our 
view is that this isn't the land grab that it appears to be where because you've established a 
beachhead by running dark stores, for one of the five or six large Quick Commerce platforms, 
this is either strategic to them or something that they will, indefinitely outsource to third party 
players. We do believe that, ultimately, as these companies look at the margin pressure, the first 
place where they're going to try and squeeze the operation, and perhaps justifiably so is going to 
be in the dark store operations in the last mile delivery costs, which is more or less how it's 
played out everywhere else. 
  
And so, we don't see any value in being in that part of the supply chain, it is an undifferentiated 
service, the ability to rent a two and a half thousand square foot shop, rack it up and stock, 
FMCG and count it while using somebody else's systems is essentially contract logistics by a 
different name. And contract logistics businesses in India have always struggled to generate 
returns. The fact that it's in Quick Commerce doesn't particularly differentiate it from anything 
else. 
  
And similarly, last mile delivery in Quick Commerce again, we don't view it as a differentiated 
capability. I do think that that's something where again, the Quick Commerce players ultimately 
will keep this completely captive, and they will crash rates over a period of time. You can see 
that happen, for example, in food delivery. 
  
So where, again, the outsource percentage is small, so we think the same thing will play out and 
we've stayed away. So, we're not particularly excited about it. We believe that as long as Quick 
Commerce continues to grow, there will obviously be the very large challenge of getting goods 
to mother warehouses, getting goods to dark stores on time. And making sure that that happens 
reliably is really where Delhivery is going to play.  
 
Aditya Suresh: Thank you.  
 
Dhruv Jain, Ambit: Thanks. The next question is from Krupashankar. Krupashankar, you can 
unmute your line and go ahead. 
  
Krupashankar: Yeah, good evening, and thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on 
the express parcel side. Just wanted to get a sense around pricing structurally, given the fact that, 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
Sahil, you've said that the industry has seen a consolidation as well as outsourcing is gaining 
traction. 
  
So how should we look at pricings and margins beyond specific hits like fuel hit and so on? 
Structurally, how do you see this going ahead? 
  
Sahil Barua: Sure, Krupa, you said you had more than one question. Do you want to just 
quickly lay them out? 
  
Krupashankar: Sure. So, the second one is that you mentioned that the QC pricing and margins 
on hyperlocal will collapse, just like food delivery. So just wanted to get a sense around, how do 
you see this going ahead? Why do you believe that this can and how quickly do you think this 
can pan out? And lastly, on the new initiatives, just wanted to get a sense around how the spend 
split across local, rapid, financial services and so on? And how do you see that business going? 
  
Sahil Barua: Sure. So in terms of pricing structurally in the e-commerce industry, even 
irrespective of the inflationary costs that we've seen in the last quarter or so, I discussed this in 
the past, in the last earnings call as well, we don't see significant pricing pressure in the market 
any longer. I have mentioned this in the past, I call it two years ago, we did go through a period 
where there was poor pricing overall. 
  
And frankly, that allowed us to consolidate the industry last year as we did. We see much less of 
that now. And so structurally, we don't anticipate any need for pricing or yields in this business to 
come down. 
  
We will, at the bare minimum, it's safe to assume that yields will hold. Of course, yields in any 
given quarter will change, like I've discussed, this dozens of times in the past, in reaction to the 
weights that we are carrying, the distances we're carrying, the client mix, and so on that, 
typically, for example, H2 yields will be higher than H1, because you're carrying more heavy and 
so on. But broadly speaking, no change. 
  
And of course, this inflationary environment as we gather more information as more of the cost 
structure becomes manifest, these increases in labour costs, these increases in fuel are obviously 
passed through to customers. And frankly, our discussions with customers on this are fairly 
smooth, because most customers do realise that, it's not just a Delhivery problem, this is an 
industry wide problem, irrespective of whether they happen to run in-house logistics or work 
with 3PLs, everybody is subject to the same cost inflation. In terms of quick commerce, I'm not 
always sure that, you're asking somebody who's already skeptical. 
  

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
So, take whatever I say, perhaps with a pinch of salt. But, why do I believe and how soon do I 
believe there will be structural pressure, margin pressure on people who are providing third party 
services, or rather, why will there be more attention to these costs is because this fundamentally, 
first, is not a super high margin industry to begin with. And there's not a lot of margin when 
you're delivering, a 500 rupee AOV product and trying to deliver it within 15 minutes, because it 
is a point-to-point delivery. 
  
One of the things to understand in quick commerce, you guys have asked this question in the past 
in PTL, this comes up in freight all the time, which is directionality of load makes a big 
difference to the cost at which you serve. If I must run a truck, which goes from Delhi to Calcutta 
and then comes back empty from Calcutta to Delhi, the chap who ships from Delhi to Calcutta is 
more or less the chap who ends up paying for the entire trip. Quick commerce by virtue of being 
a point-to-point delivery is a doubly expensive delivery as opposed to a consolidated delivery, 
which is what we do. 
  
And so the ability to eke out efficiencies in this business, first, are minimal, which is one of the 
reasons why structurally Delhivery stays away from this business. There are limited to no 
network benefits when you're trying to deliver in such a short period of time. The math behind 
this is largely undeniable. 
  
You have a Poisson arrival of orders. If you don't have a sufficient queue of agents, you either get 
exponential delays, or you have to overstaff. This is really not rocket science. 
  
It's predictable as to what will happen. And to give you another example, you've already seen 
this happen, for example, in cabs. The great promise when cabs began was that everybody would 
be riding in air-conditioned Mercedes cars at 8 rupees a kilometer forever. 
  
But the reality is that as demand goes up, if you insist on maintaining a 10-minute arrival of cabs, 
either the reality is that you have to have a lot more cabs, in which case the company, which is 
the platform, has to burn that money for idle utilization or everybody has to pay a lot more. And 
so today, cabs don't cost 8 rupees a kilometer and cost three times as much. So that is a choice, of 
course, that Quick Commerce will have to make at a certain point saying, are we going to truly 
reflect the cost of this extremely fast delivery? 
  
In which case, of course, the question is, what is the real demand? Or alternatively, the point is 
that somebody is going to have to really pay for this. So, I don't really know. 
  
That's one of the reasons why Delhivery has stayed away from this. I don't think you can 
manufacture these efficiencies. And how soon are companies going to start looking at this cost? 
  

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
The reality is that when you're in a process of rapid growth, you will try to outsource and say 
anybody who can set up a dark store for me is as good as me doing it myself, because companies 
at this point in time will say, look, we lack enough organizational bandwidth. And we would 
rather launch, people are throwing out saying we want to launch three dark stores a day or 
whatever it is. Now, when you need to launch three or four or five dark stores a day, you 
probably do need to have as many partners as you can possibly have. 
  
One of the indicators which worries me when I look at that is that the number of startups which 
came in saying we are dark store specialists, and no longer exist already in a period of less than 
12 months is fairly significant, because as a company, we see this pretty often, somebody will 
come to us and say, can I run dark stores for Delhivery? And we say, who are you? And they say, 
we happen to run three dark stores for quick commerce in Chennai, or we run two dark stores in 
Bangalore, or whatever it is. 
  
And the reality is that that first set of 6, 8, 10, 15 dark stores, and so on, happens fast. And then 
the economics don't stack up. And this company essentially runs out of gas. 
  
And this gets seamlessly transitioned back to the quick commerce player. So, in that sense, it's 
difficult to see how this becomes a scale business. And as I said, ultimately, as Delhivery, what 
we are most interested in is businesses which have strong and sustainable network effects. 
  
The fact that I happen to run a dark store, well, in Kormangala, in no way, makes it any more 
likely for me to be much better at running a dark store in Mumbai or in Ahmedabad, or in Delhi, 
or whatever it is, there are, frankly speaking, no network benefits at all. So how soon will it come 
as soon as quick commerce companies start seeking greater efficiencies, wherever they happen to 
have outsourced this. But again, like I said, the world surprises me all the time. 
  
So, this is just my point of view, take it with a pinch of salt. Your last question on Local and 
investments across new initiatives, the largest portion of investments in new initiatives are in 
Delhivery Local. It's also the largest and the fastest growing opportunity that we're chasing now. 
  
Financial services is extremely new, we just got our NBFC approval in July. So, it's still 
relatively a very, very new business. So practically speaking, the safest way to think about all of 
the investments that we're making in new initiatives is largely in Delhivery Local. 
  
The good news, of course, is the Delhivery Local at this point in time is growing faster than we 
anticipated. We were expecting to exit the financial year at a 250 Cr ARR. But, here we are, 
we're sitting in August and we're already hitting, sorry, in July, and we're hitting a 150 Cr ARR. 
  

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
So, it's a good sign, again, we're revising this target upwards. And contribution margins have 
been better than we originally expected. So in that sense, the amount that we had earmarked, up 
to about 160-175 Cr for the financial year, at least looking at current trajectory, we should be 
well within that. 
  
Krupashankar: Got it. Very clear. Thanks for answering my questions. 
 
Dhruv Jain, Ambit: The next question is from Jinesh Joshi. Jinesh, you can go ahead with your 
question. 
  
Jinesh Joshi: Am I audible? ​
 
Dhruv Jain, Ambit: Yes, you are.  
 
Sahil Barua: Yes, you are. Please go ahead.  
 
Jinesh Joshi: Yeah. Sir, I have a question on B2C realization. This might sound a bit repetitive, 
but I just wanted to get your thoughts on this. So, while we understand that the realization is a 
function of weight and distance, as you highlighted in response to the previous participant's 
question, the general thinking that we have is that once our market share increases post 
acquisition of Ecom, ideally, we should be getting some kind of pricing power, right? Obviously, 
this adjusts for the dilution that comes from the lower weight of the acquired network. 
  
But at some point in time, yields have to settle down at a range from where on sequential basis 
we see an improvement come through. And now if I have a look at your numbers from 1QFY26, 
the yield, which was at about 67.5. In 1QFY27, we are at about 58 and every quarter we have 
seen that decline come through. So just wanted to get your thoughts as to when on sequential 
basis this decline will get arrested, and we will see the benefits of pricing power come through. 
  
Sahil Barua: Yeah, Jinesh , this is a repetitive question. Between Q1 of last year and Q1 of this 
year, I think we addressed this in Q2 last year, which is and I will bring it up again, Ecom 
Express did not provide heavy delivery services at all. So essentially, our acquisition was of a 
small parcel delivery network. 
  
In Q1 of last financial year, we were a standalone network. So the proportion of heavy 
consignments in the combined volumes of Delhivery and Ecom Express, which is in Q1FY27 or 
Delhivery consolidated effectively now is lower than it was in Q1FY26 and materially lower 
because we acquired a small parcel delivery network, as a consequence of which the yield is 
materially different. So, mix is the simple answer as to why there is a big change between 
Q1FY26 and Q1FY27. 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
  
It is just fundamentally a proportion of the total volume, but we are also carrying 55% higher 
volumes in Q1FY27 as compared to Q1FY26. So it is simple math. That is why the yield is 
different between FY26 and FY27 Q1s. 
  
In terms of pricing power, when will you see now as an example, and we will have this 
discussion at the end of Q3, you will probably see compared to Q1 a sequential increase in 
yields, because the proportion of heavies, for example, goes up typically, intercity shipment 
distances tend to rise during this period, because you see much larger volumes coming in from 
tier 3, tier 4 cities and so on. 
  
So you will see that, but that again, would not be evidence of any change from a pricing 
standpoint, that is just evidence of the fact that the mix has changed. If I think the question that 
you are getting at is, will there continue to be cuts in pricing? The answer to that, as I have 
mentioned, is no. 
  
For two reasons. One is in an inflationary environment, first, even if you are maintaining price, 
or if you have the ability to increase price to less than the impact of inflation, effectively, for 
your customers, that's still better. So we don't anticipate that there will be any, in this inflationary 
environment, customers are not going to come to us and say, look, you need to reduce prices at 
any point. 
  
And so there's no pricing pressure from that standpoint, first of all, from a customer standpoint. 
The second is this is an industry wide inflation. So it's not like there are any other players who 
have the ability to absorb this or anything, Delhivery has the ability to absorb this inflation much 
better than anyone else, which perhaps is reflected in our increased volumes. 
  
And the third is in any case, as the number of players in the market has come down, the need to 
respond to anyone's irrational pricing has also reduced quite significantly. There's no need, we 
don't have the competitive situation that we had. Now, if your question is, are we going to take 
pricing up sequentially, as I mentioned, we continue to monitor exactly what's going to happen to 
statutory labour costs going forward. 
  
From a fuel standpoint, of course, first of all, the impact of fuel in our express network is 
significantly lower. And also relative to other players who provide only e-commerce services, it's 
still lower because of the form factor of the vehicles we use, for example, the structure of the 
network, the distances that we travel. And so the inflation of fuel has a slightly lower impact 
relatively for us in the express network. 
  

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
But yes, if statutory wages go up, and this is a discussion that we're having with customers, 
pricing has to go up in response to that. And that is a negotiation that is ongoing with most of our 
customers. As I mentioned, it's not a particularly difficult negotiation to have, because it is an 
industry wide problem. 
  
Jinesh Joshi: Got that sir, pretty clear. One last book keeping question from my side. I think in 
the press release, we have mentioned that our PAT before the e-commerce integration cost is at 
about 62 Cr, while our reported PAT for the quarter was about 32 Cr. 
  
However, the e-commerce integration cost that we have reported in this quarter is about 17 Cr. 
So can you please highlight the difference of 15 Cr that is there in this quarter?  
 
Vivek Pabari: Jinesh, I'll take that. 
  
The 17 Cr is more like a cash cost equivalent. But on the actual statutory P&L, you will also 
have depreciation. And you'll also have the depreciation on tangible assets, but you'll also have 
the rent, which shows up as depreciation on ROU assets. 
  
So, on the stat P&L, this number is closer to 30 Cr. You can see the line-by-line difference in the 
two columns that we have- the stat column and the management estimate column. So that's why 
the PAT difference is higher than the EBITDA level difference. 
  
Jinesh Joshi: Understood Sir, Thank you so much. 
 
Dhruv Jain, Ambit: The next question is from Swapnil. Swapnil, you can go ahead and ask 
your question. Swapnil, if you are speaking, we can’t hear you. As there is no response, the next 
question we'll take is of Aditya Mongia. Aditya, you can go ahead and ask a question. 
  
Aditya Mongia: Yeah, thanks for this. I had a question firstly on the express parcel segment. I 
want to get a sense of how much the small parcel business is now for you in the entire mix.  
And the context is that if there's an expectation that this mix will keep on increasing, so is there a 
need to probably tinker or change the way Delhivery’s business model or network is kind of 
structured to be more effective in taking care of maybe different requirements that are there? 
  
Sahil Barua: Sure. You have a couple of questions, right? You want to just lay them all out? 
  
Aditya Mongia: I prefer to go one by one if that's fine, Sahil. 
  

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
Sahil Barua: Yeah. So on the first question, can you just walk me through how you're thinking 
about it? Because fundamentally, our legacy, of course, is we began life as a small parcel 
delivery network. 
  
So, the underlying network structure per se, the structure of the delivery centers and so on, they 
don't need any fundamental change as our small parcel volumes go up. So, the fundamental 
architecture of the first mile and the sortation centers routing into whatever the last mile delivery 
points continue to remain the same. 
  
Aditya Mongia: Understood. I take that as an answer from you and we can move on. But the 
context was just that is there any change that you would want to do? Let's say if this small parcel 
business was to become the majority of the business, which can happen, let's say Meesho can 
become whatever, 35-40% of your overall business, 50-55% of express parcel business and let's 
say Amazon and Flipkart start scaling up a similar line of work. 
  
Is there any change that you would want to bring about in the way things are being done? 
  
Sahil Barua: I see. Well, one of the things that structurally does, I don't know, structurally is the 
right word, but it does change in the network. There are one or two things that change and these 
are, it's an interesting question. 
  
Two things change a little bit. One is the last mile delivery centre average sizes as the service 
centre network gets larger does change. Now, let me, okay, actually, this is a good question. 
  
Let me try and explain what's going on. Let's say you're in a city and you were earlier doing both 
PTL and heavy delivery out of distribution points, which are also doing last mile delivery and 
let's say last mile delivery for e-commerce. And we didn't have a service center because we have 
only about 180-odd service centers. 
  
But let's say I'm making this up and we do have a service center in Patna, but let's say you were 
in Patna and you did not have any service centers. You had no freight service center. So, freight 
and heavy is being directed into Patna, being delivered by DCs, which were erstwhile 
e-commerce delivery DCs. 
  
Those are now providing serviceability. Now, what happens is that when you activate a freight 
service station in Patna, which now has the ability to do PTL freight as well as heavies, what's 
happening is you're withdrawing the average weights from the DC network back into a gateway 
or a service center. And when you do that, the average size of delivery centers that you need in 
that specific city suddenly crashes because you no longer have the requirement to service 100 
kilos of freight or 200 kilos of freight. 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
  
And so, the opening of a service centre and subsequently, we're already seeing this happen in the 
freight network as well. When you take service centers back for certain kinds of loads back into 
the gateway, so for example, loads that weigh over 200 kgs have now been withdrawn wherever 
possible into gateways as opposed to being delivered from forward service stations. So what that 
means, for example, in Chennai is that our gateway will deliver all LRs which are above 200 kgs 
as opposed to our service centers. 
  
When you do that, the average size of the service centers also starts reducing. So, in that sense, 
yes, there is a structural change that happens to the network. What happens is that you try to 
deliver in a more consolidated fashion, the heavy goods from a centralized point, points further 
down in the network reduce in average size. 
  
And when there is a reduction in average size, two things happen. One is obviously your rental 
costs come down, your supervisory costs tend to change, your storage costs tend to change, and 
your delivery architecture changes a little bit. So yes as I think of it, there will be some changes 
as small parcels go up and as the freight architecture changes. 
  
Aditya Mongia: Thanks. So great to see the company is on top of this. The second question is a 
little bit philosophical. 
  
The way I understand and the way things are going, obviously, we are going to focus more on 
certain specific aspects going forward. It seems the journey of Delhivery has been a clear focus 
on the hardware operation, the mid-mile network. There are other elements which peers may be 
doing, and I'm focussing more on Delhivery and what they can do from here. Let's say, doing 
more services for taking care of more pain points for the same customer, the logistics, whatever 
that may be called. On the flip side, there is this delivery partner of yours. So let's say he's given 
more jobs in hyper-local, he's happier working for you. Some of these you are doing, you're 
doing the financial service part, but I'm trying to say if there is a stage where the company thinks 
that there is a lot more to be done on the software side of things, the customer, the vendor, the 
delivery partner involved, and just trying to get a sense of whether that's the right way of 
thinking through. The hardware may have its own limitations that may get hit somewhere and 
thus this question.  
  
Sahil Barua: Yeah, I know what you're getting at, Aditya, and it's a good question. Yes, our 
focus, so let me try and give a short answer to what is a pretty interesting question again. Look, 
our focus on the mid-mile and what we're referring to here on the mid-mile and the automation 
has largely been because a significant portion, the most important portion of a problem in 
logistics rarely boils down to how do you navigate the last mile. The last mile is expensive. 
  

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
Yes, it is one of the most expensive parts of the entire delivery process, but it's not the hardest or 
the most challenging part and it's not the part where optimization either in terms of, the simplest 
one is route optimization, which delivers a certain amount of benefit, but it's not as significant as 
people typically tend to imagine or, time optimization of a rider who needs to work a certain 
number of hours and so on. Yes, those have certain advantages, but they typically cap out very 
fast. 
  
The hard part in logistics has always been how do you get goods to the last mile with a very high 
reliability and how do you select where they go to and how do you select once they get there, 
what is the form factor that you are going to use to deliver. So, while a lot of our focus may have 
appeared to be purely just on the automation side alone, from a software standpoint, one of the 
areas, and we've spoken about this in the last couple of earnings calls, two or three earnings calls, 
because these systems are starting to mature, is how you shape your demand and how you shape 
your serviceability. I’d spent just 30 seconds on that. 
  
On serviceability, one of the more interesting choices you make as a network is what is the last 
mile node that is most appropriate to deliver a certain kind of load. Because as an example, a 300 
kg LR in freight and a 50 kg LR in freight are not the same. 50 kg is made up of five boxes of 10 
kilos each and a single refrigerator is not the same. 
  
A parcel going into a delivery center which is 98% utilized versus a delivery center which is 
slightly further away but is 72% utilized are different. A 140 g parcel which yields, let's call it 
21% gross margin versus a 370 g parcel which yields a 27% gross margin are not the same. A lot 
of the focus of the company therefore has, even from a software standpoint, has been on 
establishing these kinds of serviceability rules and making them more intelligent over time, 
determining what node is the right point from which to deliver a specific form factor. 
  
Now, our belief is that these deliver value which is very difficult to replicate. These are very 
difficult decisions to make, not even non-real time. In real time they become particularly 
complex and I think over time we've been able to mature our systems to a point where now we 
are making a lot of these decisions in real time, which packages do we accept, which packages 
do we not accept, which packages go to what kind of location, what is the right architecture. 
  
Like I said, we've been withdrawing freight backwards into the network. You asked the question 
earlier saying, how does it change when small parcels become a larger percentage of our 
business? Clearly the architecture of the network itself will change. 
  
So, from a software standpoint, the focus has not just been on the mid-mile and the automation, 
but also on what we call orchestration, which is a very difficult problem. In terms of the 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
capabilities that other players in this space are building, do we have the capability to do all of 
these and do we provide them already? Yes. 
  
Where we have lower relative scale compared to some of our competitors in certain segments 
within, reverse logistics is a good example. Our relative share in reverse logistics is certainly 
lower than our relative share in forward logistics. But the reason it is lower is fundamentally 
because we have the ability to examine the profitability of every parcel that we are taking. 
  
And so, because of that, when we see bad reverse logistics volumes, which ultimately result in 
claims, and claims are a particularly complex thing because claims are not a cost which 
manifests instantly, right? You go and do the reverse pickup today, you bring it back, it takes 20 
days to mature at the end of the seller who you go and report it to, then there's an entire process 
where that guy raises a claim to the platform, the platform then comes to you and then you have 
to bear that cost further in the future. We've tried to stay away where we have these kinds of 
uncertain SOPs and where it's not always very, let me put it this way, where we don't feel 
comfortable carrying the kind of volume. 
  
So, typically in some of these capabilities, we've been more conservative with how we build 
them out. And we tend to stay with high quality volume because that allows us to deliver a high 
quality service. And on the multiplexing of time of the riders, we already do provide that. 
  
Of course, our desired goal is that riders spend a defined workday working for Delhivery with a 
defined load level. And the reason for that is I think the directionality of the conversation, when 
you look at the changes to statutory wages, or when you look at things that are coming into effect 
on the gig worker laws, as well as regulators are looking at this and saying if somebody 
ultimately, and look at how gig worker contracts are really structured, right? At the end of the 
day, while everybody theoretically talks about how, somebody is working for a food delivery 
company on Monday, and then an e-commerce delivery company on Tuesday, and then 
delivering quick commerce on Wednesday and flowers on Thursday, or whatever it is, the fact of 
the matter is the incentive sheets of each of these companies are designed in a way that you only 
stack up the incentives when you really work for them all day and work for them all week. You 
get bonuses for working whatever eight or nine hours a day, it may not say nine hours a day, I 
think there are bonuses based on login hours. 
  
But outside of that, there are bonuses based on a minimum number of tasks that you complete, 
which cannot be completed in anything less than those eight or nine or 10 hours in any case. And 
then there are additional bonuses, which are based on how many you complete in a week, which 
you might as well tell the guy, dude, you work for me all day, and you work for me all week. So 
we've philosophically not really tended to go towards this idea of how we multiplex everybody's 
time. 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
  
The other reason why we don't want to do it is that in this situation, we've seen that the delivery 
metrics of people who stay with us and deliver for us regularly, unsurprisingly, are superior to 
ones who are both newer, and people who tend to drop in and out of the system very frequently. 
And so there's a lot of benefit to designing systems where people work for you, for five days a 
week, carrying a defined number of packages in a defined timeframe. And our job from a 
software standpoint, therefore, is not so much to take advantage of whatever little free time this 
person may have, but to figure out how to make that person as efficient as they can possibly be 
within the hours that they're already dedicating to Delhivery. 
  
So it's a slightly different approach to how we think about what kind of tools our riders should 
have, for example, for us, a hugely complex problem is how do we make sure that the rider can 
precisely get to a customer and make sure that the delivery is done perfectly. This means both 
being able to identify the location, but equivalently being able to identify the preferred time at 
which the customer may want the delivery on a preferred day. And the more data we collect, 
obviously, the better we get at this, which is also, of course, the genesis, for instance, for delivery 
maps. 
  
But does it mean that from a user design standpoint, it's slightly less important for us to be able 
to flash, saying, we have three jobs for you, could you come and work for us for the next two 
hours? Yes, in an order of priorities, problem number one, to our mind over the medium and long 
term is a significantly more important problem than problem number two. So you're right, we 
have stayed away from or rather we have, relatively speaking, less focus on certain kinds of 
problems. 
  
But that is driven by our viewpoint of the world. 
  
Aditya Mongia: Just maybe on this question, ask you a second part, as in, just forget I said 
software, let's say softer aspects of business, okay? I'm doing the same question again with you. 
There's one way of increasing margins, which is the way we have gone about things. 
  
The other way is to solve pain points, and that leads to leverage, which leads to margins. Reverse 
logistics may not work for you as a claim, or a business by itself, but it gives you leverage when 
you're negotiating contracts, maybe on the forward side of things. 
  
Similarly, with a delivery partner, who's getting some extra income, having the flexibility of not 
working nine hours a day in one go, but four hours in the morning doing job A, and job A can't 
happen in the night, so you do something else. 
  

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
It does give, let's say, you, if you start doing it, all your peers, if they're doing it, some leverage, 
and that leads to margin expansion. You can have a very short answer to this question, say this is 
all rubbish, or you can say, it makes sense. I'm just trying to get things out. 
  
Sahil Barua: It's not rubbish at all, and it's an absolutely valid point, and I have no truck or 
argument against what you're saying whatsoever. Yes, solving specific pain points for specific 
customers, of course, leads to margins. It, of course, gives you the ability, theoretically, at least to 
be able to expand and go beyond whatever you're doing. 
  
But at the end of the day, as a business, we have a responsibility to look at the field of 
opportunities that we see ahead of us and see which ones make the most sense. I'll give you an 
example of the pain point problem and why we stay away from certain kinds of things. And look, 
more often than not, we do tend to get it right, but have we always got it right? 
  
The answer is not really, right. But long back, there was this whole, and it comes up even now, 
every now and then, people still come every now and then and say this, we want to have “try and 
buy” delivery where we want to ship 10 products to some customer, and you want to bring back 
nine of them. And this has been there now for the longest time. 
  
In fact, if you go back to press releases from whatever, six, seven years ago, everybody was 
talking about how this was the best thing since sliced bread. Jabong launched this back in the day 
when they were relevant. And the whole view was that the e-commerce industry is going to 
change forever because everybody's going to do “try and buy” services. 
  
And as Delhivery, we just said, look, we're going to stay away from this because yes, is it a pain 
point? Certainly. If you define your problem as requiring 10 products to be sent to a consumer 
and nine to be brought back, is it a pain point? 
  
Yeah, of course it is. It's a pain point because you've defined it as such. Is it something that is 
going to endure for a long period of time? 
  
It's very hard to say. So it's something that we have to keep judging. Now, do we always get it 
right? 
  
The answer is no, we don't always get it right. Are there certain things that we continue to 
monitor, we watch and we say, okay, we need to respond to this and we need to build up a 
network? Yes. 
  
And we're very happy to be second movers in some of these cases, because our execution 
capabilities allow us to scale up and our customer relationships allow us to scale up. So there's a 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
little bit of a, we don't always have to be the first movers into everything. But that said, suffice to 
say, there's nothing within logistics that we've seen that any of our competitors is doing that, 
we've looked at and we either don't do at all, or that we've looked at and said, oh my God, this is 
something that, we absolutely never thought of so far. 
  
And everything's in the future. So it's a choice. It's a question of where we put our attention. 
  
And our view is that our fundamental responsibility at the moment is to continue to make 
forward delivery as efficient as it can possibly be, as fast as it can possibly be, and hook it up to a 
fulfillment network. Of course, we do reverse logistics. We do a very large, absolute volume of 
reverse logistics. 
  
It's just as a percentage of our total volumes, it's lower. And with one specific client, we have a 
different approach as opposed to other players in this industry. 
  
So it's a complicated answer to your question. Is it a bad question or are you incorrect? No, I 
don't think so. 
  
And on the riders, again, I don't disagree with you. If there are people who would like to work in 
the morning for four hours as a newspaper delivery agent or whatever it is, or somebody's 
finishing a shift as a security guard and then wants to come in and work for six hours, delivering 
food or quick commerce or whatever it is, certainly there's, who's Delhivery to cast any 
judgement on that. But our point of view is we have found more than enough people who 
actually are looking for a stable job with a stable employer. 
  
And they want to work a defined number of hours in the day and they want their employer to 
expend as much effort as possible towards making their job easy. When I look at our retention 
rates of field staff across the country, it's actually something that's really worth seeing. And also, 
the other reason why we do it is that in a network which is as operationally intense as ours, a 
large portion of our supervisory layer over a period of time has come from people who have 
started out in the field. 
  
And this is important to us as a company. This is hugely important to us as a company. 
Ultimately, we have a supervisory span in the distribution centres of maybe, 1:15, 1:20. 
  
So, if you join us as a field executive, 6-8% of those people are going to make it to a supervisory 
level within, call it a year or a year and a half or two. And to a significant percentage of the 
population of India, the idea of being able to build a long term career where they have the ability 
to see a company invest in them to develop their skills and not remain a delivery agent till the 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
end of time is significant. And given that it is significant, we have made a choice as an employer, 
that's the kind of opportunity that we wish to provide. 
  
Do we also provide the ability to do what you're talking about? Yes, we do. We obviously have 
the ability for you to sign up and to come and work for us for a short period of time. 
  
Do we expend every possible effort when you do so to explain to you why you should work for 
us full time? Absolutely. 
 
Aditya Mongia: There’s one more question, Sahil. 
 
Dhruv Jain, Ambit: No, Aditya. I request you to move back to the queue. 
  
Aditya Mongia: Sure  
 
Dhruv Jain, Ambit: The next question is from Jainam Shah.  
 
Jainam Shah: Yeah, hi, hope I am audible.  
 
Dhruv Jain, Ambit: Yes, you are. 
  
Jainam Shah: So, the first question is, if we see during the last quarter commentary, one of the 
key margin positive that we were thinking was the corporate overheads to go to the towards the 
7% range, which will be eventually around 2-2.5% increase from the existing level in a way the 
margin part. What we see is that in FY25, in FY26 and even in 1QFY27, the corporate overheads 
as a percentage of sales has been stable at around 9.3, 9.4%. So, when we can see some operating 
leverage playing out from the revenue and corporate overhead percentage to take our EBITDA 
higher. Shall I go ahead with all the questions or shall I go one by one?  
 
Sahil Barua: Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead. 
  
Jainam Shah: Yeah. Second, the integration part says it has been highlighted that the difference 
between 17 Cr of the EBITDA versus 30 Cr at the PAT, the 13 Cr has been largely attributable to 
the, let's say, ROU or the depreciation or the other intangible costs as well. What I see is that 
during last quarter, the similar number was around 6 crore difference between this EBITDA and 
PAT, excluding the other income. 
  
So, is it going to be a normal kind of an depreciation and ROU run rate? And it is not a one-time 
cost that we can think of? Or are we thinking something on this particular integration cost part? 
  

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
Third one would be on the new services part. So, if we see for any additional single rupee of 
revenue, we are still spending 1.5 rupees and we are still at a negative contribution of around 50 
percent. What kind of run rate that we expect from the newer services, maybe let's say after 3 
years’ time, 5 years’ time, and what kind of contribution margin that it can take up to and how it 
will be done? 
  
Like, is it on a volume-based thing or how we should be eventually approaching this segment? 
Because the loss combined overall till date is more than 100 Cr, whereas still we are doing for 
any additional revenue, the cost is 1.5x. So, how do we see this segment contributing to the 
financial point of view? 
  
Of course, we are solving a problem, and the thing has been there, which is good overall from 
the customer’s point of view. But from a financial point of view, how do we see this segment 
probably for the next 3 to 5 years’ time? And the last one would be the contract labor part. 
  
So, can we get the number that we used to have as a line haul expense and all those things? 
There was a one-line item, which was contractual manpower expenses. Can we get that number 
for this 1QFY27 to better understand the margin from, let's say, the labour cost, which has 
increased? 
  
Sahil Barua: Sure. Let me take questions 1 and 3 and Vivek can come in on questions 2 and 4. 
On the first one, very quickly on corporate costs, there are two components to this. One part is 
something that we have been talking about. I spoke about this in my analyst calls on quarter 3 
and in quarter 4, which is the expansion of our business development teams specifically for our 
part truck and full truck freight businesses. Essentially, moving to a different, much wider 
cross-sale structure, which would allow us to penetrate, I think we now have 100 cities all over 
India, much more deeply compared to where we were earlier, which was really, the top 3 cities 
plus some. 
  
And the reason that investment was necessary is that we looked at our relative geographic market 
share and realized that, actually another interesting statistic is that we believe that we service 
such a small percentage of the total number of shippers in India that in some senses, the market 
opportunity for us is practically infinite. I think we looked at on a penetration basis, our overall 
list of customers, some 3%. This is despite being the largest logistics company in India. 
  
So, a large portion of this was towards building out our business development teams, which is 
what we had started doing, November, December last year, it slowly started gathering pace in 
Jan, Feb. And the large part of that built out happened through the March and April period in 
preparation for the new financial year. So, one of the reasons why you see increased wage costs 
in Q1, outside of the fact that this is our increment cycle, a lot of this normalizes through the 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
year, as well as a certain amount of attrition, but a large portion of this, of course, is because the 
business development team has been built up. 
  
And the good thing is that the cross-sales team is fully active now. And we're already seeing 
strong traction on cross-sales in terms of generating volumes for the express business, generating 
volumes for the PTL business, and generating volumes for the cross-border business as well. The 
other, of course, is that technology costs have gone up year-on-year. 
  
Some of these are directly volume linked. AWS costs, for example, go up in proportion to the 
increase in volumes. Of course, we have certain scale benefits, but broadly speaking, the absolute 
costs go up. 
  
And there's also a currency issue that happens. So there's about a 5 or 6 Cr, I think, impact which 
comes from that. Vivek can share more details. 
  
Now, in terms of the new services, when will we break even? It's different for different cities. So 
the first city that we launched in Delhivery Local, for example, which was Ahmedabad, in fact, 
looks set to break even most likely at some point within quarter three. 
  
Unless, of course, something completely untoward happens. But so far, the trajectory is that that 
city will break even. Now, this point is, of course, different for different cities because given that 
it's an intra-city logistics problem, the sizes of different cities are completely different. 
  
So the break-even point for Delhi and Bangalore will be perhaps slightly pushed out compared to 
the break-even point that we had for Ahmedabad. But the break-even point for Jaipur is going to 
look more like the break-even point for Ahmedabad or perhaps even sooner. So it really depends. 
  
The composition, the relative composition of these different cities and how they grow will 
determine where the break-even point for the business overall will be. That said, like I'd 
mentioned, both our growth trajectory on new initiatives on Delhivery Local as well as our 
contribution margin trajectory at the moment continue to be ahead of planned. We had 
anticipated that we would do 250 Cr in this financial year. 
  
It does look like we will exit with a higher ARR than that given where we are today. And 
contribution margin also actually significantly ahead of where we anticipated we would be in Q1 
itself. And we continue to see some improvement in Q2 and anticipate that that will improve 
further in Q3. 
  

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
Because again, similar to the rest of the business, the end of Q2 and early Q3 tend to be much 
busier quarters as compared to Q1 and Q4. But anyhow, Vivek, do you want to take questions 
two and four, please?  
  
Vivek Pabari: Yeah. Jaiman. There's nothing. It's the same, the depreciation on ROU and 
depreciation on tangible assets and amortization of intangible assets. The numbers were different 
because the last quarter was a fiscal year end quarter. 
  
So, there may have been some specific adjustments, but otherwise, no, there is nothing different 
in those depreciation items. And your other question was the contractual manpower. That 
number would be 371 Cr for this quarter, this first quarter of FY27. 
  
Jainman Shah: Got it. So, on the depreciation, but the question was more on that. Is it a 
recurring thing of 12-13 Cr , which eventually led to the difference between EBITDA  and PAT 
of the integration? Or is it something that we should take as one time?  
 
Vivek Pabari: It's recurring. It's recurring because see, one is that we spent on, say, people as 
they either got absorbed in Delhivery or say they left. 
  
Then we spent on some of the client contracts, which eventually we did not intend to retain. But 
till those contracts couldn't be exited, we had to continue. And we spent it on facilities which 
were under lock-in and we couldn't exit. 
  
So, all of those were just cash costs. And so they are part of the cash integration cost, which is 17 
Cr. But there are certain unused assets which are awaiting disposal, and they are also being 
depreciated. 
  
So that's while we are not really incurring any cash cost on it, but the depreciation for that is part 
of our statutory P&L. So that's the item here. The more relevant number is the 17 Cr, because our 
initial guidance of 300 Cr was a cash integration cost guidance. 
  
But here, because of the statutory P&L, the depreciation on unused assets also impacts the PAT. 
We are separating it out and kind of showing you the true business PAT, which is comparable to 
the quarters in which there was no Ecom Express-related integration cost.  
  
Jainam Shah: So just one clarification part on this contractual manpower. Is it safe to assume 
that all the labour costs would be parked into this expense largely, this expense head? 
  
Vivek Pabari: Yes, largely, yes. 
  

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
Jainam Shah: So, sir, the question would be on that, that last year, in a similar quarter, we were 
having 12.2%, the contractual manpower expense as a percentage of revenue. This quarter, with 
all this wage raising across the states, this is at 12.8%. So the EBITDA margin impact at the 
service EBITDA would be at around 0.6%. The other cost that has been talked about is the fuel 
cost. And what I generally believe is that it would be in the range of around 30%, which we used 
to report as a linehaul expense. 
  
And this 30% cost for one month increased at around, let's say 7-8% would have been around, 
let's say 0.6-0.7%. So around 1-1.5% impact of these two things, the diesel cost as well as the 
manpower cost, would have impacted the EBITDA margin overall. But when we see 
sequentially, or let's say on a year-on-year basis, the impact has been large. So if you can clarify, 
is there any other cost structure item that would have changed during the quarter, which would 
have impacted us and might be recurring in nature going forward? Of course, I believe that 1Q 
has been a seasonally weak quarter from the margin perspective, but has there been anything that 
has changed the cost structure materially? Because this is just maybe a maximum 1.5% impact of 
these two things on the contractual manpower and linehaul expenses. 
  
Vivek Pabari: Now, the linehaul impact would be larger than 30%. 
  
Now, that's all just fuel, but linked to oil price, you also have the cost of consumables going up. 
You also have the cost of air movement of parcels going up. In a way, you'll also have the cost of 
your last mile partners going up, because while you don't pay them fuel separately for your gig 
workforce, but their expectations on what they need to earn on a daily basis goes up when the 
fuel component goes up, because for them, the petrol is a large cost on a daily basis. 
  
So it will show up in your last mile cost increase as well. Now all of that is linked to the 
minimum wages and the fuel price increases. But apart from that, even in a more normalised 
environment, the first quarter would have had the annual increments coming in. 
  
So your employee benefits costs would have gone up. And your first quarter onwards, we would 
also have our network expansions coming in, because the first half is where the capacity is 
added, because the third and fourth quarters are respectively the peak quarter for our express and 
PTL businesses. And so your overall fixed cost base would also go up during the first half of any 
financial year. 
  
So there are increments and network expansion costs, which would be true for any financial year. 
And on top of that, there are fuel cost increases and minimum wage increases and the oil price 
linked items cost increases, which was more specific to this financial year.  
  

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q1FY27 Earnings Call  
August 08, 2026 
 
Jainam Shah: Got it. So that was very helpful. Just one suggestion, if you can just start 
providing this expense line item, which we used to provide two, three quarters back, that would 
be helpful. Of course, our data has always been up to the mark. So if you can just start providing 
those details as well. Thank you so much. 
  
Vivek Pabari: Sure 
 
Dhruv Jain: Thanks Jainam. Thanks everyone. That was the last question. Sahil, over to you for 
any closing remarks.​
 
Sahil Barua: Thank you, everyone for joining. I know it's a Saturday evening, and later on 
Saturday evening. And Dhruv and the Ambit team, as always, thank you for hosting us. 
Hopefully from here on, as we look forward, this decent start to Q1 with record volumes on 
express and high volumes on PTL continues. The external environment, of course, the reality is 
it's been a challenging start to the year. 
  
Our view, at least now, is that things seem to be easing up a little bit. Now, hopefully, we're right. 
And as that continues, we'll keep you posted. 
  
But structurally, a good start to the year. And look forward to seeing you in Q2. ​
 
Dhruv Jain, Ambit: Thanks Sahil. Thanks everyone. You may now log out. Have a nice 
weekend. 
  
 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or other 
inconsistencies that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking. 
 
