 
 
 
 
 
KPI/MAT/AUG/2026/809 
Date: August 18, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 542323 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
 
Symbol: KPIGREEN 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Investors/Analyst Earnings Conference Call held on August 12, 2026 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”). 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Further to our communication dated August 07, 2026 and August 12 2026, please find enclosed 
the transcript of the Earning Conference Call held on Wednesday, August 12, 2026 at 11:00 A.M. 
(IST) to discuss the unaudited standalone & consolidated financial results for the quarter ended 
June 30, 2026.  
 
The said Transcript is also available on the website of the Company at www.kpigreenenergy.com. 
 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
 
Krunal Bhatt  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
KRUNAL 
BHATT
Digitally signed by 
KRUNAL BHATT 
Date: 2026.08.18 
19:39:06 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“KPI Green Energy Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 12, 2026 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  MR. SOHIL DABHOYA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
– KPI GREEN ENERGY LIMITED 
 
DR. ALOK DAS – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – KPI GREEN ENERGY LIMITED 
 
MR. SALIM YAHOO – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– KPI GREEN ENERGY LIMITED 
 
MR. VINOD JAIN – PRESIDENT, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – KPI GREEN ENERGY LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. CYRIL PAUL – ERNST & YOUNG  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the KPI Green Energy Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Cyril Paul from EY. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Cyril Paul: 
Thank you, Avirath. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Ernst & Young, I welcome you to 
the Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call of KPI Green Energy Limited. We are pleased to have 
with us senior management team from the company represented by Mr. Sohil Dabhoya, Whole-
Time Director; Dr. Alok Das, Group CEO; Mr. Salim Yahoo, former Chief Financial Officer; 
and Mr. Vinod Jain, President, Investor Relations. 
 
We will have the opening remarks from the management followed by a question-and-answer 
session. On that note, let me hand over the call to Mr. Vinod Jain. Over to you, Mr. Jain. 
Vinod Jain: 
Thank you, Cyril. Good morning, everyone. Myself Vinod Jain, Head of Investor Relations at 
KPI Green Energy. On behalf of management team, I would like to extend a very warm welcome 
to all of our investors, analysts, stakeholders and other participants for today's Q1 FY27 earnings 
call. Leadership team has already been introduced by Mr. Cyril. I would like to briefly touch 
upon a few important leadership developments during the quarter. 
 
We are delighted to welcome Professor Sunil Maheshwari as Vice Chairman; and Mr. Rajesh 
Shrivastava as Whole-Time Director. Both leaders having decades of experience across strategy, 
governance, business transformation, renewable energy, infrastructure and organization 
leadership further strengthen the depth and capability of our Board as we enter the next phase of 
growth. We are also pleased to welcome Mr. Kapil Kriplani as incoming Group CFO. His 
extensive experience in finance, capital markets and strategic growth initiatives will be a 
valuable addition as we continue to scale the business and strengthen our institutional platform. 
 
Please note that the company has published its results and has uploaded the investor presentation 
yesterday. I trust that all of you have had the opportunity to review them. Before we begin, I 
would like to remind everyone that certain statements made during this call may be forward-
looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which 
may cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. While these statements are based on 
management's current beliefs and assumptions, investors are cautioned not to place undue 
reliance on them while making their investment decisions. 
 
With that, now I hand over the call to Mr. Salim Yahoo, our CFO, for his brief address, followed 
by the question and answer. Thank you, and over to Mr. Salim Yahoo. 
Salim Yahoo: 
Thank you, Vinod. Good morning, everyone, and a warm welcome to all of you, those who are 
there on today's call. On behalf of KPI Green Energy Limited, I extend a warm welcome to all 
our investors, analysts, shareholders and participants joining us today for the earnings 
conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. I hope all of you have had the opportunity 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
to go through our unaudited financial results and the investor presentation uploaded on the stock 
exchange. 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited has made a strong start to the financial year FY26-'27. The company 
has continued to deliver healthy growth in revenue and operating profit, backed by consistent 
execution, a diversified renewable portfolio across IPP and CPP segments and a clear focus on 
building long-term sustainable value. Our journey over the past 5 years reflects the strength and 
scalability of our business model. 
 
During this period, our compounded growth has been remarkable with a 92% CAGR in revenue, 
104% CAGR in profit. This demonstrates that KPI Green Energy Limited remains well aligned 
with India's renewable energy requirement and continues to create sustainable value for 
shareholders. 
 
Speaking about the financial performance for Q1 FY27, our total income stood at INR710 crore 
as compared to INR614 crore in Q1 FY26, registering growth of 16% Y-o-Y. On the similar 
line, EBITDA increased to INR262 crore as compared to INR217 crore in the corresponding 
quarter, reflecting a growth of 21% year-on-year. Our EBITDA margin has improved to 37% 
from 35%, reflecting the operating strength of our portfolio. Profit after tax for the quarter stood 
at INR95 crore as compared to INR111 crore in Q1 FY26. 
 
I would like to take some time and like to explain this clearly. The year-on-year movement in 
PAT reflects higher depreciation and finance costs on rapidly growing asset base. As we 
commission new IPP capacity, the associated depreciation and interest are recognized upfront, 
while the full revenue and earning contribution of these assets materialize progressively over the 
year. 
 
Cash profit, which is a better measure of the underlying cash generation of the business actually 
grew at 6% year-on-year basis to INR176 crore as compared to INR163 crore in Q1 FY26. We 
expect the full earning contribution of the newly commissioned assets to build through the 
remainder of FY27. 
 
It is also worth noting that our Q1 FY27 unit generation under the IPP portfolio has grown nearly 
4x year-on-year and the generation achieved in this single quarter already exceeds 65% of the 
entire FY26 generation. This reflects the scale of our annuity base and the growing recurring 
revenue engine of the company. Speaking about the operational and portfolio highlights, on the 
operational front, KPI Green continues to scale its renewable portfolio across IPP and CPP 
segment. 
 
As of June 30, 2026, our portfolio has reached approximately 6.94 gigawatts, up 71% year-on-
year from 4.06 gigawatt a year ago. This comprises an installed capacity of 1.87 gigawatt and 
work in progress capacity of 5.07 gigawatts. Of the total portfolio, 2.57 gigawatt is under IPP 
and 4.37 gigawatt is under the CPP segment. During the year gone by, we commissioned 0.85 
gigawatt of capacity while booking a further 2.88  gigawatt of fresh orders, taking overall 
capacity from 4.06 gigawatt to 6.94 gigawatts in a single year. 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
This reflects both our execution strength and continued strong demand for our double engine 
IPP plus CPP business model. Our expanding IPP portfolio is expected to generate more than 
390 crore units annually at a full run rate, strengthening the company's recurring revenue base 
and improving the long-term visibility of earnings. With long tenure 25 years PPA, strong 
execution capabilities and integrated project development expertise, we are building a platform 
that combines growth with predictable cash flows. We have also continued to strengthen our key 
execution enablers. 
 
Our strategic land bank now stands at 8,657 acres, and our power evacuation capacity has 
reached 5.10 gigawatts, both of which secure the project pipeline and support faster lower risk 
conversion of order into operating capacity. During the quarter, we also successfully expanded 
our geographical footprint into Rajasthan, taking our total number of sites to 133. Speaking about 
the projects that we won, we continue to make strong progress across our key growth platform. 
In battery energy storage, our 565 megawatt / 1,130 MWh BESPA has been executed, and 
financial closure is under process. 
 
In floating solar, we are actively executing 142-megawatt EPC order in Kadana Dam, Gujarat. 
In our 150-megawatt wind project for GUVNL, the PPA has been signed, and financial closure 
has been achieved and the PPA signing of our 300-megawatt SJVN backed wind project is under 
process. We have also secured both an intrastate trading license from the GERC and interstate 
trading license from the CERC. And energy trading is being undertaken on a pilot basis, creating 
wider market access and better realization opportunities. 
 
Speaking about the international expansion, KPI is also expanding international footprint to 
strengthen its global market presence. In Botswana, we have signed an MOU with the 
government for 5 gigawatts of renewable energy with planning for first 500-megawatt phase 
underway. In the UAE, through a global alliance with the Fabtech Group and F Plus Healthcare 
Technologies, execution is underway for the solar power project integrated with battery energy 
storage system awarded to our subsidiary, Sun Drops Energia Limited to power a containerized 
data centre facility. 
 
Our balance sheet and financing profile remains robust. We continue to build on the successful 
listing of India's first externally credit enhanced green bond of INR670 crore, a 5-year instrument 
carrying 8.50 coupon with quarterly amortization backed by 65% partial guarantee from 
GuarantCo and which is AA+ rated by CRISIL and ICRA. This continues to reinforce the market 
confidence in KPI Green business model, governance standard and renewable growth platform. 
 
Looking ahead, our focus remains on strengthening the IPP portfolio, expanding the CPP 
business and building capabilities in future growth segments such as BESS - battery energy 
storage system, green hydrogen, floating solar, offshore wind, pump storage and energy trading. 
Our strategy is to build an integrated renewable energy platform with strong execution 
capabilities, predictable annuity revenue and long-term value creation for all the stakeholders. 
 
As India accelerate its renewable energy transition, KPI Green is well positioned to contribute 
meaningfully through scale, execution, innovation and disciplined financial management. We 
remain committed to timely execution, strong governance, sustainable growth and consistent 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
value creation for all our stakeholders. With this, I would like to thank all our shareholders, 
lenders, customers, employees, partners and regulators for their continued trust and support. I 
now request the moderator to open the floor for question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Kartik Sharma from Anand Rathi Institutional Equities. 
Kartik Sharma: 
Congratulations on the great start for FY27. I have a couple of questions. Given the expansion 
of our IPP segment, could you give us some color on how you see the debt and cash position 
evolving going forward? 
Salim Yahoo: 
IPP Segment at present, we are at a very comfortable leverage, as you can say. We are at around 
two point and a couple of figures over there. But going forward also, if you see the way we are 
adding our profitability, the way we have, we have already expensed out the debt which have to 
be taken for our bigger project that is around 250 and 370 megawatts. So going forward, I think 
the debt to equity will be in the comfortable position of 3:1 max to max, which will be long-term 
debt to net worth. 
Kartik Sharma: 
Understood, sir. And also, if you could give us some color on how our pipeline is shaping up for 
FY27 and '28? If you could give us some quarterly run rate. 
Salim Yahoo: 
See, as I told you, our IPP segment has energized a substantial portion of our existing projects 
in hand. And the CPP also, I have an order book of approximately INR5,000-plus crore. So 
going forward, there is enough order book in hand for the CPP side and the IPP revenue also, as 
I told in my initial talk that the IPP segment from here will show a better strong upward 
trajectory. 
 
The reason is that all the expenses have been expensed out. And now the revenue has started 
coming in. Since it was built in a phase-wise manner, the revenue will slowly start getting 
stronger and stronger. So going forward, I think the coming up quarters, we'll have a far more 
better performance than what we have seen this quarter also. 
Kartik Sharma: 
Understood, sir. And just about the order book that you just spoke about, is there with the data 
centers coming up, are we targeting any -- is there any share of data centers in the order book, if 
you could give us some number? 
Alok Das: 
Yes. Good morning Alok Das: speaking. Basically, data center is the latest entrant and also an 
opportunistic horizon in the RE sector. Generally, data center needs round-the-clock operations. 
Yes, as a KPI, we are in touch with some of the data center people and some sort of inquiries 
going on. So I think it is a continuous process. As and when it is to be materialized, we will 
obviously it should be known to all the stakeholders. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parth Kotak from Plus91 Asset Management. 
Parth Kotak: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. One, on inventory, we saw a large buildup towards the end of 
the last financial year. If you can update on the inventory position today? And do we expect 
inventory to come down probably when we announce the next quarter results? 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Salim Yahoo: 
Yes. So if you see the inventory as on March, we have seen the inventory buildup has been there. 
It has come down to some extent in this quarter, and we expect it to go down further as we go 
on. The reason for building the inventory was 2, 3 factors. One was that since the geopolitical 
conditions were getting worsened, a lot of material we had to pile up because we had the 
availability of material, we don't want it to create a delay in our execution capability. So from 
that point of view, we have added the inventory and stocked up the inventory. But as we go 
forward, it will slowly come down as we complete our projects and everything. 
Parth Kotak: 
Okay. That's encouraging, sir. Sir, second question is on Botswana. We did mention in the 
opening remarks that 500 megawatts is under execution. One, when can we see some revenue 
contribution from this project and this will be IPP, right? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Yes. Botswana will be IPP. So Botswana project, the KPI has a subsidiary in GIFT City now. 
Under the GIFT City, the Botswana company will be a subsidiary of GIFT City. And we have 
already acquired land over there. 
Alok Das: 
500 hectares1. 
Salim Yahoo: 
500 hectares of land has already been acquired. So we are at a very advanced stage of signing 
the PPAs also. So shortly, I think we'll see. But by execution point of view, I think this year, we 
will not see any revenue. upcoming years, you'll start seeing revenues in the Botswana project 
also. 
Parth Kotak: 
That's great, sir. Sir, lastly, on Sun Drops - before I jump back in the queue. If you can give me 
what kind of PAT we've generated in Sun Drops compared to last year, that would be helpful. 
Salim Yahoo: 
Sun Drops this quarter, if I want to say, I have already done INR150-155 crore with a PAT of 
INR26-odd crore. So it has shown a very good profitability of 17-odd percent. Since Sun Drops 
doesn't have any big IPP the way we had in KPI because of which the KPI PAT was a little bit 
down. Sun Drops has done, it has done an EBITDA of INR42 crore. So altogether, you can see 
that Sun drops cash profit is also INR30-odd crore. So going forward, Sun Drops has a very 
good future. We are adding up battery energy storage system over there. We are adding the 
battery energy manufacturing over there. And as you are aware that we are coming with the Sun 
Drops IPO. So we have a strong order book. And Sun Drops, I think this year on the IPP and the 
CPP side, if I look at, we will cross INR1,500-odd crore of top line in this year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aman Soni from Seven Alpha Investors Private Limited. 
Aman Soni: 
I have 3 questions. First is on the growth part. While we have maintained our margins on a 
broader basis, our execution was very slow as compared to our guidance in this quarter, right? 
So what is the reason for that? Because this time, I'm not seeing any early monsoons or anything 
like that. So can you help us to understand for not showing 40%, 50% Y-o-Y kind of growth 
that we have been doing earlier? And secondly, how we should look at the revenue and the 
margin numbers for full year FY27? So that's my first question. 
 
1 Kindly note that this was incorrectly conveyed as 500 acres on the call. 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Salim Yahoo: 
Yes. So, your first question on the -- see, I don't think there was a slowdown in the execution. 
We have an execution, substantial execution. Now if you see the growth in the revenue is around 
16%. I expect that we were expecting 20%, 30%, but it is also a lot of other factors. We have 
utility scale projects where the billing takes some time because there are institutions like Coal 
India Limited, Adani Group and we have Aditya Birla Group. 
 
So, because of this, the billing got postponed to the next quarter. So coming forward, if you see 
that the growth we have committed for the 30% to 40% year-on-year, that is something that 
which we will be able to maintain. And also on the margin, I've already said that the margin 
impact is a temporary impact because of the depreciation and interest. As the stabilization period 
gets over for these plants, the full revenue start coming in. So it will jump back to the levels that 
we had seen in the past. 
Aman Soni: 
When you are saying 30%, 40% growth, this is different from what your Chairman and Mr. 
Farukbhai yesterday mentioned in the interview. He was speaking about 40%, 50% CAGR. So 
just wanted to get some clarity on. 
Salim Yahoo: 
I understand. I understand. See, 40%, 50% growth we have said earlier also, but you need to 
understand there are geopolitical conditions. So, I'm just factoring that and being a little bit 
conservative. It's not that if we get 50% growth, we'll go to 60% also. It's not that we will curtail 
ourselves. But the way the geopolitical conditions are coming up, a lot of things are creating as 
a hurdle for the execution and everything. So, from that point of view, we are -- I'm being a little 
bit conservative being a finance guy. But we -- if we get an opportunity if this condition settles 
down, we'll surely jump towards 50%, 60% of whatever the Chairman had earlier said, we will 
come back to that. 
Aman Soni: 
Can you help us to understand a bit more on like what kind of impact are you facing in terms of 
the geopolitical situation? Is it in the terms of the supply bottleneck or... 
Salim Yahoo: 
If you understand geopolitical conditions, the major impact is from the fuel. Now you understand 
that a lot of components goes into a solar plant. You have cables, you have steel, you have other 
ROW issues, you have logistics. All these factors have got impacted. And if you've seen majority 
of the industries have been impacted because of the geopolitical conditions. So we cannot say 
that we are immune to it. We try to maintain it. Though we are not highly impacted as some who 
are directly involved into the fuel. But we have been impacted because the component that we 
use, majorly steel, MMS structure is steel, evacuation tower is steel, then we have cable. So 
these are major components which are impacting. So that's the reason we also have impacted to 
an extent. We have absorbed some portion of that and some portion we have passed on to the 
customers. So that has been a factor for us. 
Aman Soni: 
Got it. Got it. And you mentioned about the stabilization period. How long we can expect this 
period to be because even if we are growing the top line because of increased interest cost and 
the depreciation, we will not be able to see any benefit in terms of the bottom line, right, during 
this period. So how long investors should look like this going to be there? 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Salim Yahoo: 
See if you look at the lender's point of view, they give a stabilization period of 1 year, okay? 
Now if you see that in spite of stabilization period, in this quarter, we have done 65% of what 
we have done in the entire last year. So this clearly shows that my plants are almost in the phase 
of running in a full-fledged. So I expect that in the upcoming quarters, you will see the full 
benefit of the plant. So automatically, it will then generate the same revenue, will generate the 
same profitability that we expect. 
Aman Soni: 
And how we should look at interest cost and depreciation for rest of the year, for full year FY27? 
Salim Yahoo: 
See now the debt has already been taken and the IDC that we call the interest during construction 
has been utilized since we have completed the project -- our portion of the project. So as we go 
forward, you will have the full interest cost, which is coming up for the project. But at the same 
time, revenue will also get stronger. So it will be able to sustain both the things and then maintain 
the profit. 
Aman Soni: 
Okay. And just last question, if I may. In the interview given by Mr. Faruk yesterday, he 
mentioned that in this financial year, your focus will be more on the governance side, right? So 
I wanted to understand more on this front because we have continuously highlighted our 
concerns in the past with respect to high pledge percentage and domestic institutions not being 
on the cap table. So can you throw some little light on where these issues stand in your 
governance framework right now? And what else you are looking to cater to? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Yesterday, what he mentioned was more on the -- what we said. It is not about any issues of 
governance. It is more about the change in the auditors. So we have changed our auditors. We 
have added people in the Board. And that is that for better guidance for -- because BDO is in the 
top 5, and we have added BDO as our auditors. So we have to bring best practices, better 
processes. And for that purpose, we are adding experts in the industry. So that is what we wanted 
to highlight on the governance point. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shrenik Mehta from IndoAlps Wealth. Mr. Mehta your line 
has been unmuted. Please go ahead with your question. 
Shrenik Mehta: 
I just wanted to understand going forward, are you thinking about any changes in the proportion 
between IPP and CPP? The way we have increased our weightage for the IPP, it's definitely 
straining our balance sheet. We are continuously seeing additional equity being infused. The 
EPS growth for the first time has come in the negative. 
 
And the execution of IPP is still a lot in the pipeline. This is very capital intensive and very 
different from the original model of KPI, which was more of CPP. So looking at the strain that 
this is building up, are we looking at changing anything in terms of the proportion for the future 
between the CPP and IPP? 
Salim Yahoo: 
As we have earlier in our con-calls also said that we will try to maintain IPP at a level of 20-odd 
percent of the total revenue mix. The reason is that this is a long-term revenue, and it's a very 
strong revenue. You can understand IPP gives me an EBITDA of 85% to 90%. So -- and it is a 
sustainable growth for next 25 years. So once I put an IPP, I don't have to worry about the 
profitability or the top line and all those things. As far as the IPP is concerned, the straining, 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
what I say, still I am at a very good comfortable leverage position. I'm still at below 3. I might 
go up to 3 because all the loans have already been taken of the upcoming project, and we are 
just executing those projects. So majority of the project, I mean, we have a deadline of 
September. We'll try to close all the project by September and the revenue of the portion of those 
projects have already started coming in. 
 
So from that, I think that EPS this quarter was down because of the PAT level because as you 
see, EBITDA has been very strong as compared to the previous quarter also. So from that point 
of view, this is a temporary phenomenon, which will get covered as we stabilize the projects. I 
told you that this IPP project once they stabilize, they will give you a strong profitability. And 
then EPS will also come back to its original level. 
Shrenik Mehta: 
But we invest in the company to have a growing EPS, not bringing it to the normal level. 
Salim Yahoo: 
Yes, Shrenik, but you need to understand every project has a life cycle, okay? Whenever any 
project, for example, any factory if you put, it doesn't start with 100% utilization on day 1. It 
takes over a period of time. And that is called the life cycle of a project. So those project life 
cycle has its own phases. So we are going through that phases. But believe me, I mean, it is -- if 
it had been a cash profit less, I can understand. If it had been EBITDA less, I can understand 
there is a concern. 
 
But PAT you have clearly seen that it's a depreciation with a noncash item majority. And it's 
only the interest cost, which will also get paid off as we start. And the major portion is that you 
have to focus on is that the generation has grown substantially. what I did in the full year, 65% 
of that have already completed in this first quarter. 
 
I have 3 more quarters with such kind of. So you can understand the amount of revenue 
generation that will happen in the IPP going forward is substantial. And you can see EPS will 
go from the past level to further stronger level as we go forward because of the IPP business. 
Shrenik Mehta: 
So let me put this slightly differently. I totally understand your point and totally understand your 
perspective as well. But a typical IPP has a much lower ROE and our ambitions in KPI are much, 
much higher. So in order to invest for the IPP, if we have an ROE of 15%, 18%, we can't have 
a growth rate of 40%, 50% as has been stated by the company. So that difference will always be 
required to be financed by an external source, either through equity or debt. So this gap is what 
probably is a challenge for the company right now. 
Salim Yahoo: 
No. I think you are losing out of one factor. You're only -- when you invest, you not only look 
at the returns on equity, but you also look at the appreciation of the shares. okay? If I give an 
example, a simple example, if you look at ACME, ACME is a pure kind of -- you can say IPP, 
majority IPP kind of. Look at the PE that ACME is getting. So once we go into that stage, 
automatically, your appreciation is also -- market cap will grow substantially. 
 
And as you grow market cap substantially, I presume as an investor, I would rather look at more 
on appreciation of the share price rather than the return on equity or the dividend I'm guiding. 
That's the point we are looking at. We are looking at that once we add more and more IPP, we'll 
get a better PE from the market and the depreciation of your share will be substantial. 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
And that has been the history with the KPI. I mean when it started, it has already given 100x 
returns to the stakeholders. And we abide by that, we will give returns, and that's why we are 
focusing more on IPP that we get a better return and automatically EPS increases and the PE of 
the company also increases, which increases the market cap. 
Shrenik Mehta: 
So we keep our fingers crossed. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Mehta, may we request you return to the question queue for a follow-up 
question. The next question is from the line of Sahil Agarwal from AYM Investments. 
Sahil Agarwal: 
So one thing I wanted to understand that the gross margins for the CPP segment for KP Energy 
and KPI both have fallen substantially. So, is this a onetime issue? Or like is this the new normal 
gross margin that we are going to see in the coming years or coming quarters? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Gross margin, as I told you, one of the factor for the impact on the margin is the geopolitical 
issues. So the cost of a lot of balance of plant, logistics, everything has impacted this. And that's 
the reason it has a little bit -- it might have tapered down. 
Sahil Agarwal: 
So what can we expect going forward for the CPP segment only? 
Salim Yahoo: 
For the CPP, I mean it will see the issues get resolved, I might jump back to my existing, but 
there's also a lot of other factors we have seen -- we were expecting that the issue getting resolved 
6 months back only, but it is again and again resurfacing. So that impact, geopolitical condition 
is something which we cannot judge right now because the way it went in the past year. So we 
are -- think as soon as the things improve, we will be able to jump back to our margins. 
Sahil Agarwal: 
But the impact on margins for KPI and the gross is still only 300 bps. But in KP Energy, it has 
fallen from EBITDA margins have fallen from 22% to 12%. So how does -- how do an investor 
seeto all of this because there was no hint from the management that there was a hint that margins 
may dip a little, but not from 22% to 12%. So that is a major concern. 
Salim Yahoo: 
If you see KPI, along with its existing business has got IPP support. So there are some costs 
which is shared with the IPP and because of which the KPI margins, you can say, a little bit 
better compared. But EPC business, if you see overall, KP Energy is purely you can say on the 
EPC side. So from that point of view, it has a little bit more impact of the geopolitical conditions. 
For example, I have a crane. So I'm utilizing the same crane for the EPC business. So, 
automatically, the cost gets divided and everything. So it is the economies of scale, which also 
factor in. And -- but KP Energy itself is an EPC-driven business. So that's why it had a more 
impact compared. 
Sahil Agarwal: 
So you are saying you will be able to get back to 20% in coming quarters, right? 
Salim Yahoo: 
It depends upon the factors, geopolitical conditions and everything, but we are keen on getting 
back to our old levels. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Agarwal, may we request you return to the question queue for a follow-up question. The 
next question is from the line of Khush Shah from Vivog. 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Khush Shah: 
Congratulations for the good set of numbers. My question would be related to earlier that you 
said about the incremental interest and depreciation cost will be higher, but the revenue will be 
set off the interest and depreciation cost. So just want to understand what would be the 
incremental interest and investment that you have made? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Whatever interest cost, the existing debt what we have taken, now as I told that my IDC - interest 
during construction, which is part of the project, which is financed by the lender has got over. 
Now the entire interest will get booked as an expense, it doesn't get capitalized. From that point 
of view, that interest will -- but at the same time, revenue has started. So automatically, I have 
revenue to service that interest. 
Now the revenue goes into phase-wise manner. So it will full fledge like, for example, 40%, 
50% revenue we have booked going forward, we'll increase 60%, 70%, 80%, 90%. And once 
it's fully energized or fully stabilized, then we can figure out that the revenue has been able to 
give us a good profitability also. 
Khush Shah: 
Any number that you can give us specific for the FY '27 or the coming quarter of interest in... 
Salim Yahoo: 
Everything depends upon the generation, right? And you know that solar wind is a seasonal 
matter. So until I see the generation because next quarter also is what we say, lower compared 
to other quarters in the renewable energy because it has got rains and everything. So that also is 
a factor. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Kothari from Antara Capital. 
Nikhil Kothari: 
So we are currently having an IPP capacity of 1 gigawatt, right? So what is the peak cash flows 
after interest that we expect? 
Salim Yahoo: 
I can tell you my IP business gives me an EBITDA of 85% to 90%. Post EBITDA, there are not 
too much of cost. So it's depreciation and interest cost. 
Nikhil Kothari: 
So what's the annual interest cost? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Annual interest cost would be at around our rate of interest is at 8.5% or something. So if I 
calculate 8.5 around INR450-odd crore should be the total full -- my capacity of INR5,000-odd 
crore of debt and something coming into picture. And then my annual interest cost for the full 
year with the entire capacity, like I say that '27,'28 would be around INR450-odd crores. 
Nikhil Kothari: 
Okay. And what would be the annual peak EBITDA we are expecting? 
Salim Yahoo: 
1 gigawatt, I can expect 85% to 90% is EBITDA. So I am expecting at least my top line coming 
from my IPP segment going forward, minimum it will be upwards of INR1,000 crores. 
Nikhil Kothari: 
Okay. Okay. And do we expect to be at the peak capacity this year itself? 
Salim Yahoo: 
I can expect it in the third or the fourth quarter. But second quarter is a little bit rainy and 
everything, so it will offset. Third or the fourth quarter, we can expect it. 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Garvit Goyal from Serene Alpha. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Sir, in addition to the previous participant, I just wanted to understand when can we achieve this 
INR1,000 crore mark from IPP segment that is the full capacity utilization of the IPP segment. 
Salim Yahoo: 
Next financial year, I can tell you that you can enjoy and more INR1,000 crore. INR1,000 is a 
very conservative number, I would say it will be upwards of INR1,000 crore I'm saying. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Okay. And can you also let me know particularly to IPP segment, what will be the depreciation 
there? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Depreciation, if I look at, it's around Companies Act, it would be around 10% to 15%. But as 
per income tax, we get 40% depreciation benefit. And that's the biggest part that has my cash 
profits. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Okay. So can you let me know what is the total investments we have made? Like I just wanted 
to understand what will be the absolute depreciation there? 
Salim Yahoo: 
We are still capitalizing the assets and everything. The total investment might go upwards of 
INR5,000 - 6,000 crore in the asset side as we go forward in '27, '28. But it will go in a phase-
wise manner. 
Garvit Goyal: 
So I look at INR5,000 - 6,000 crore total investment and you are speaking about 15% 
depreciation, right, on the books. So it will be in the range of INR750 crore to INR900 crore 
depreciation will be each year, right? So where is the profit then INR850 crore EBITDA we will 
be doing, INR450 crores will go into the interest side? 
Salim Yahoo: 
I said conservative is only for that 1 gigawatt what we are doing. We already have 500 gigawatts 
which is already done, so you're not counting all those things also, where we have very less 
depreciation. So altogether, if you see the business will be able to generate INR1,500-1,600 crore 
plus of revenue minimum. That's what I'm saying. 
Garvit Goyal: 
I'm not getting like how we are going... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Mr. Goyal, we may request you return to the question queue for a follow-up. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Actually, I should get some clarity. I mean I'm asking one question. 
Salim Yahoo: 
Yes, let him complete. Yes, go ahead. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Yes. So I am, just trying to understand like even if we take INR1,500 crore, right, peak revenue, 
85% you are saying it will be EBITDA of more than INR1,200 crore, right? And on that, you 
are saying INR450 crore will be your interest cost and based on the depreciation number, even 
if I account for INR700 crore altogether, my expense after EBITDA expense will be INR1,150 
crore and I am doing the EBITDA of INR1,200 crore profit from IPP segment before tax is only 
INR50 crore. I'm just trying to understand that, sir. 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Salim Yahoo: 
If you have to see my IPP is around INR1,600 crore, as I told you something that full scale and 
out of that 85% to 90%. So it is INR1,600 crore, if I take 90% is INR1,500 crore is what I say 
as an EBITDA. Out of that interest cost would be around INR450 crore. 
I still have INR1,000-odd crore which is left, okay? Now depreciation, it would be around 5% 
because it's 25-year plant, because plant and machinery is about 15%. Here, it is 5% because it's 
a 25-year plant that calculation is what something we missed out. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Subash from Value Invest. 
Subash: 
I have been investor for so many years, and I've always believed in the management delivering 
whatever they guided in the past. So I see that you had guided 16% to 18% of PAT margin for 
FY '27. And I see that in Q1, it is quite low. So do you expect to cover it in at least H2 of the 
year so that ultimately for FY '27, you end up at 16% to 18% PAT margin? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Quarter 3 and 4 is somewhere I'm saying because quarter 2 again is a rainy season and it has got 
seasonality where the renewable energy... 
Subash: 
Would you cover in H2 that is Q3 and Q4? 
Salim Yahoo: 
H2 will be covering a portion of it. But full-fledged, the benefit of the plant, you can see in '27, 
'28. 
Subash: 
Okay. So PAT margin will not be close to the guidance of 16% to 18%, right? It will be much 
lesser. Do you want to revise that guidance? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Whatever the gap which was first and the second quarter will get covered up as the plant goes 
towards a more stabilization period. So it will be a little bit less, I think, compared to what we 
had shown in the past. But '27, '28 when the full plant is stabilized, it will again, we expect it to 
jump back to the older levels. 
Subash: 
Understood that FY '27 -- sorry, FY '28 will be great because of the IPP plant in which you have 
invested right now will be stabilized and the margins will be higher. I understood that. But for 
FY '27, do you want to revise the PAT margin? Like you had said 16% to 18% before. What 
would be the reason? 
Salim Yahoo: 
I told you that will be lesser. Now depending upon the seasonality, if my plant performs because 
it is on the seasonality, but it will be less compared to what it was earlier. That is something 
which I am saying. 
Subash: 
What is that number? 
Salim Yahoo: 
That's what I'm saying, it depends on seasonality. It's upon wind, it's upon the sun, it's upon the 
rainy season. So all those factors because my IPP segment adds to the bottom line. And IPP 
segment depends upon the generation. And the generation as we see if the -- what we say, the 
season is in my favor - more wind and everything because I have got hybrid plant, then the wind 
is on my side, I can say. And then I can come back to a better or try to match up with what I did 
last year. 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
But again, I'm saying I don't expect it because we have lost this quarter. Now upcoming quarter 
also, we'll not see them. So there are 2 quarters which we have lost because of which there will 
be a dip, but I cannot judge that right now because it is not like a manufacturing plant where I 
can put in raw material. The raw material is totally seasonality. So on that basis, it will depend. 
Subash: 
Okay. My another last question was, I mean, you mentioned that for both KPEL and KPI Green 
because of the geopolitical tensions, for KPI Green, you mentioned one of the strongest reasons 
for the drop in the margins was because of the realization of depreciation and finance costs in 
the current quarter, but the revenues will be generated in the future quarters, which will cover 
up the lost margins right now, right? 
But in the case of KPEL, the revenue has grown up significantly, but still the margins have come 
down so badly. So is it because of the geopolitical tensions alone there in KPEL? And could you 
specify like, what are the geopolitical tensions, in which sectors you are facing the trouble? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Okay. Can I speak now? See, if you look at the EBITDA of KPI, it has at the similar level. But 
only the interest depreciation cost, which has major impact. As I told in the earlier question also, 
the geopolitical condition has impacted, but it has impacted more to KP Energy because of its 
nature of being totally into EPC business. Here, it is hardly, I think I don't think even 1% or 2% 
of the top line will come from any IPP projects over there. 
But here it is 17%, 18% coming from the IPP project. And the cost get bifurcated into the IPP 
and CPP when it comes to KPI. But in KP Energy, is totally on the cost. And it's become very 
difficult. And also it is more of a cost over there, the issues over there are far more compared to 
that in solar. 
Subash: 
Okay. So it's only because of the geopolitical I mean the other part of my question was the 
sectors in which you are facing tensions. 
Salim Yahoo: 
We are facing on the cost side. We are not facing on the sales side, right? It's the cost side which 
we are facing and sectors, you can say cables, you can say MMS structures, you can say also on 
the ROW, logistics of those -- all those things, cranes, everything, every cost goes up because 
even crane, we have to hire for year and everything on the diesel, everything goes up. So you 
need to understand that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sunil Kumar, an individual investor. 
Sunil Kumar: 
I think most of the questions have already been answered, but I have one basic question. So we 
keep talking about the revenue guidance across KPI, KPGEL, KP Energy and all of that, right? 
I think one which got completely off is in terms of the EBITDA guidance, right? I understand in 
KPI Green, the EBITDA was maintained, but the interest cost and depreciation has finally shoot 
up significantly. I have a couple of questions. One is the interest cost we continue to see around 
INR250-odd crores for this year and depreciation around INR200-odd crores for the entire year? 
Salim Yahoo: 
The calculation that we are looking at - interest cost. So the loan has been disbursed in a phase-
wise manner. So the interest cost will be in a phase-wise manner, every time we take a 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
disbursement, it gets calculated… and there's a portion of IDC, which was utilized. So exact 
calculation for this particular year it is very difficult to factor.  
And similarly, depreciation also, when we capitalize a portion of the plant, depreciation starts. 
We are doing these projects in a phase-wise manner. So once we get the COD - it is called 
commissioning of the plant - then we put to use… as per the law, only when we put to use, we 
can charge the depreciation. So as we do in a phase manner, we get depreciation in a phase wise 
manner. 
So both the factors you can say is a real-time basis calculation. So anything to assess at present… 
because we are still energizing the plant, we are still taking a portion of the disbursement. So at 
this juncture, it is not. But as we told in our earlier question that the full fledged in ’27-28, 
whatever will be the depreciation cost in the previous question, we already mentioned that, right? 
Sunil Kumar: 
If I look at the March 2026 borrowing, it is about INR5,200-odd crore, there could be additional 
borrowings that could have happened in the last 3 months or so, right? So let's say from our 
March standpoint, out of the INR5,200 crores, how much has been amortized out of this 
INR5,200-odd crores. If you can just give a ballpark number, I'm not looking at the exact figure, 
INR1,000 crores has been accounted for, INR4,200 crores is what going to get accounted for the 
rest of the subsequent period? 
Salim Yahoo: 
As you are aware, in the quarter, we don't prepare the balance sheet. We prepare the balance 
sheet in the half yearly only. So full-fledged amortization is something which it's what we say, 
internal data, which I will not be able to tell you. But as I told you, it is going in a phase-wise 
manner. 
By the end of this year, you'll see the entire plant being energized and stabilization also will 
happen by the next year. So exact figures of amortization or the depreciation, it will happen in a 
phase-wise manner. And since the balance sheet happens only in the half year, we'll not be able 
to disclose this at this moment. 
Subash: 
No problem. That's fair. So I have one question on KP Energy, if I may. I know there is a con 
call later today... 
Salim Yahoo: 
I have already answered a couple of questions on the KP Energy also with this. So it would be 
good if you can just join because others also would like to have a chance for asking questions, 
right? -- can join again in the KP Energy. 
Sunil Kumar: 
The revenue guidance for KPI we continue to maintain that 50%, 60% what we have said earlier 
for FY '27? 
Salim Yahoo: 
That also I answered that we have -- we are keen in increasing that to that level. But the 
geopolitical conditions, and a lot of factors which will play as we go forward. But our guidance 
as per our CMD sir is that we will grow at that level, and we'll try to maintain that level. 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ayush Sharma, an individual investor. As there is no 
response, moving on to the next question. The next question is from the line of Samrat Shah, an 
individual investor. 
Samrat Shah: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. We've seen a growth in revenue. Most of my 
questions are answered. I heard about the interest and depreciation cost. I directly stick to the 
PAT numbers. On a conservative basis, if I see a 30% revenue growth, as you guided in this 
concall, the revenue comes to around INR3,500 crores. And if the net profit margin, if you say 
that Q2 is also going to be impacted because of the monsoon, and H2 will have a jump. So can 
I expect our NPM to be at around 15%? Our PAT comes to around INR520-odd crores. So will 
the PAT number be at least closer to the last year or it will be lesser than last year… is what I 
wanted to know. 
Salim Yahoo: 
See, as I told you, going forward, the stabilization of the plant is a major factor which will help. 
As far as what we have projected, we are being conservative because of geopolitical conditions, 
but we are trying to match with whatever the CMD sir had already said. In absolute terms, it will 
surely grow. The PAT will grow compared to the absolute. The percentage is something which 
we will have to figure it out depending upon the various factors like the top line growth and 
everything. So absolute term, I assure you that we will grow compared to what we have done in 
the last year. 
Samrat Shah: 
Sir, in this particular con call, if we look at the word geopolitical being used, I think most of the 
answers this particular term has been used. If you compare it with your previous con calls right 
from the first ever con call that you have made, I think this is the first time that we are using 
geopolitical. 
However, what I feel is it is just the interest and depreciation cost that has impacted the net profit 
margin. OPMs have been maintained. So going forward, will we be expecting geopolitical 
conditions impacting our company a lot more than it was impacting earlier is my question. 
Salim Yahoo: 
In the previous con call, whenever somebody asked us, it's more on the sales side. So on the 
sales side, it is not affecting me. But on the cost side, it's something because I have EPC 
businesses. And EPC businesses, as I told in my earlier also, and why we said it is because I 
already bifurcated into KP Energy and KPI Green. And I told you that if you look at KPI Green 
EBITDA, it has also grown as well. So the geopolitical condition is more related to the EPC 
businesses compared to the IPP business. 
IPP business, we have already factored the cost and everything and the revenue is coming not 
from exports or anything. But the EPC business is my majority, around 83% of my total revenue 
comes from the EPC business. So those businesses will get hit because of the various cost 
factors, your cable costs, your logistic costs, your MMS structure cost, all these factors will 
impact the EPC business. That's what we are trying to say. 
Samrat Shah: 
Sir, that's it from my end. And I would like to wish you all the best since I know that you've 
given your resignation and moving forward. So it was fantastic talking to you in your -- all the 
previous con calls, and thank you very much for the tremendous growth that you have given to 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
the company as well as the shareholders. I've been invested in this company since 2021 of July. 
So I've seen my investments grow a lot under your leadership as well. So I thank the entire 
management team of the KP Group and wish you all the best. 
Salim Yahoo: 
Thank you for your kind words. And I would like to say that the management is still there. People 
come and go. But at the same time, it is in very good hands, and you see your investment growing 
in multiple fold as you go forward again. And I wish you best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nishant, an individual investor. 
Nishant: 
Okay. So my question is despite the company's growth doubling, market cap has fallen by nearly 
60%, right? And the stock is trading at a PE roughly half the sector. This represents a clear 
disconnect between business performance and shareholder value. 
So where does management believe is driving this continued weakness in the share price? And 
what concrete actions have been taken to restore long-standing investor confidence and more 
importantly, attract institutional investors? 
Salim Yahoo: 
See share price is not something which is controlled by the management, you need to understand. 
But management has taken conscious call like if you see one of the action is that we have hired 
now BDO, which is one of the top 5 as our auditor. So this is a very positive action which has 
been taken to increase the confidence of the stakeholders of the lenders and everything. And 
this, I think, will go a long way to increase the -- and at the same time, Promoter is also increasing 
the stake. 
If you see he has already given for a warrants here, promoter group company Quyoshhas 
purchased shares. So Promoter has been very positive on the growth of the company, and that's 
why he has increased his stake. If you look at any other company, promoter today, it's almost 
51% plus. So he has majority stake in this company. So you can be assured that management is 
taking steps to increase the trust which is there with the investors. 
Nishant: 
Before I move to the second question, I mean, nothing on attraction to institutional investor, 
right, because that has been a concern. 
Salim Yahoo: 
See, institutional investors are still there. We have -- if you see my presentation, we have 
Vanguard, we have Abu Dhabi Investment Fund, we have Okoworld. We have pension fund. So 
all those institutional investors are still there… Blackrock2 is also there. So all these are still 
there in this scrip. So you don't have to worry about that. It's a temporary phase, which sometimes 
retail investors are unable to understand. And that's why there's a little bit -- you can see a 
decline. 
Nishant: 
What was the cash flow from the last quarter? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Sorry? 
 
2 This was inadvertently referred to as ‘Blackstone’ during the call. 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Nishant: 
The cash flow from last quarter? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Cash flow from last quarter. So if you can see you can add the depreciation of the quarter, I can 
say my PAT is around INR94 crores plus if I add the depreciation portion, which is around 
INR45 crores. So approximately, you can say INR140-150 crores is the cash flow from 
operation. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we will take that as the last question for the day. 
And now I would like to hand over the conference to the management for closing comments. 
Vinod Jain: 
So thank you, everyone. Now I will request Mr. Sohil Dabhoya to say some words. 
Sohil Dabhoya: 
Good afternoon, everyone. First of all, I would like to extend my heartfelt thanks to all our 
investors for joining today's earnings call. Your continued trust, confidence and unwavering 
support in KPI Green Energy mean a great deal to us. We truly value the faith you have placed 
in our company, and we remain committed to creating long-term value for our all stakeholders.  
Before we conclude, I would also like to take a moment to express our sincere gratitude to Mr. 
Salim Yahoo, who has been an integral part of our journey and has made significant 
contributions to the financial strength and growth of our journey. Salim is stepping away due to 
personal family commitments, and on behalf of the Board, the management team and all our 
investors, I would like to thank him for his dedication, professionalism and invaluable service. 
We wish him and his family the very best for the future. 
At the same time, it gives me great pleasure to welcome Mr. Kapil Kriplani as our new Chief 
Financial Officer. Kapil brings with him rich experience and deep financial expertise, and we 
are confident that he will play a key role in supporting the company's next phase of growth and 
value creation. Kapil, welcome to the KPI Green family. We look forward to your leadership 
and contribution. With that, I would now like to invite Mr. Kapil Kriplani to say a few words 
and address our valued investors. Kapil, over to you. 
Kapil Kriplani: 
Good afternoon all, and thank you to the whole-time director for the kind words. I thank the 
management for the warm welcome. I also give my best regards to Mr. Salim and hope to 
transition from him to next level in the future. We hope for the continued growth, which we have 
shown in the last 4 years. And I look forward to work with all the stakeholders and create value 
for all the shareholders. Thank you very much. That's the end of the call. 
Vinod Jain: 
Thank you, everyone, for your active participation in the call. Hope we have been able to answer 
all your queries satisfactorily. For any additional queries, please feel free to write to us at our e-
mail address on our website as well as our investor presentation. We look forward to staying in 
touch with you for any further interaction. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of KPI Green Energy Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Note: This transcript has been edited for clarity and readability and should not be relied on as a verbatim representation of 
the discussion. For an exact account of the proceedings, kind refer the official audio recording of the call published on the 
stock exchange. 
