 
Registered Office: Symphony Limited, Symphony House, Third Floor, FP-12, TP-50, Off S.G. Highway, Bodakdev, Ahmedabad - 380 059, India 
T: +91-79-66211111, F: +91-79-66211139-40 l Email – companysecretary@symphonylimited.com I www.symphonylimited.com 
CIN - L32201GJ1988PLC010331 
August 11, 2026 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
Symbol – Symphony   
 
 
    
Security Code – 517385 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the earnings conference call of Q1FY27 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
We are submitting herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call for the first 
quarter ended June 30, 2026, conducted on August 04, 2026.  
 
The 
above 
information 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
company 
at 
www.symphonylimited.com/quarterly-results. 
 
This is in due compliance of applicable regulations of the SEBI (Listing obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Thanking You, 
  
Yours Truly, 
For, Symphony Limited 
  
 
 
Mayur Barvadiya  
Company Secretary and Head - Legal 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
Mayur 
Chimanbha
i Barvadiya
Digitally signed by 
Mayur Chimanbhai 
Barvadiya 
Date: 2026.08.11 
16:23:22 +05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
PRESENTS  
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT  
Mr. Achal Bakeri, Chairman and Managing Director 
Mr. Nrupesh Shah, Managing Director (Corporate Affairs) 
Mr. Rajesh Mishra, Chief Growth Officer 
 
MODERATOR 
Mr. Aditya Bhartia, Investec Capital Services 
Ms. Swapna Bhandarka, Investec Capital Services  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                                                                                                                      Symphony Limited 
 
 
Aug 04, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
Swapna Bhandarkar: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Q1 FY '27 Earnings 
Conference Call of Symphony Limited. I have with me my colleague Aditya 
Bhartia, who is the Co-Head of Research to take us through this call and 
introduce to the management.  
 
Before I hand over to Aditya, please note that all of you all are in the listen-only 
mode and we will give an opportunity to ask the management a question. Do 
raise your virtual hand and then we will unmute you. Please note that this call 
is being recorded. Over to you, Aditya. 
 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Thanks, Swapna. Hello, everyone. A warm welcome on behalf of Investec India 
to Q1 FY '27 earnings call of Symphony. We have with us the senior 
management team represented by Mr. Achal Bakeri, Chairman and Managing 
Director; Mr. Nrupesh Shah, Managing Director (Corporate Affairs); and Mr. 
Rajesh Mishra, Chief Growth Officer.  
 
Now, I hand over the call to Mr. Bakeri for initial comments post which we'll 
open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Achal Bakeri: 
Thank you very much, Aditya. And thank you all participants for joining this 
earnings call of Symphony on this lovely cloudy afternoon. The customary safe 
harbour clause applies. And as we have done in the past, my colleague, 
Nrupesh Shah, who's the Managing Director (Corporate Affairs), will take us 
through a presentation, post which we are all here to take questions. Thank 
you. 
 
Nrupesh Shah: 
Yes. Thank you, Nrupesh Shah here. So, if we summarize the quarter of June 
'26, domestic momentum, absolute margin discipline, and as far as overseas 
subsidiaries are concerned, the robust performance of US and China 
cushioned the reduced export, and IMPCO and CTPL headwinds.  
So, on a consolidated basis for June '26, revenue stands at ₹378 crore,  up by 
8% YoY, EBITDA stands at ₹48 crore, up from ₹38 crore, up by 26%, while 
Consol PAT stands at ₹40 crore, down from ₹42 crore. However, EBITDA and 
PAT, I wish to look at from the point of view of - in June '26, there has been 
onetime non-cash expenditure of ₹5 crore, while in June 25, there was 
exceptional ₹9 crore of higher income. So, if we ignore that then apple to apple, 
EBITDA for June '26 is ₹ 53 crore versus ₹38 crore, while Consol. PAT ₹43 
crore versus ₹ 35 crore i.e. up by 23%. As you can observe the gross margin 
despite all headwinds and geopolitical situation and pressure on commodity 
prices and also inventory overhang due to bad summer of '25, we have 
marginally increased the gross margin percentage to 49.8%, while EBITDA 
margin percentage to 12.6%. 
Coming to further specifics of June '26 quarter. June '26 for consolidated as 
well as standalone has witnessed second highest revenue vis-a-vis any 
historical June quarter. The performance is led by domestic performance duly 
supported by gross profit margin and EBITDA margin expansion, as shared 
earlier. Also, noteworthy feature is BISP segment i.e. Beyond India Summer 
Products i.e. the sales, product wise or segment wise, not dependent upon 
Indian summer, constituted about ₹560 crore on a consol basis in trailing 12 
months i.e. almost 48% reinforcing our strategic derisking and diversification 
from Indian summer.  

                                                                                                                                                                                      Symphony Limited 
 
 
Aug 04, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
Bonaire USA is now back to track and revenue grew by 35% with a robust 
profitability mainly on account of successful scale-up of new models of air-
cooler. GSK China revenue grew by 43% and operating leverage lifted the 
profitability, as well as now, GSK China on a standalone basis is completely 
debt free and has repaid all the debt along with interest to Symphony India just 
like as it happened many years before with IMPCO Mexico. CTPL Australia 
revenue continues to soften, but we are reinforcing our commitment, there 
won't be any further capital allocation. So, in terms of the impairment and write-
off, it is completely behind us as it was recorded in FY '26. 
For June '26 quarter, the Board of Directors had announced interim dividend 
of ₹1 per share on a face value of ₹2 with a total payout of about ₹7 crore.  
On a standalone basis i.e. Symphony India, revenue stands at ₹241 crore 
versus ₹229 crore, while EBITDA stands at ₹30 crore versus ₹24 crore and 
PAT ₹28 crore versus ₹37 crore Again, just like consolidated, If we take out 
exceptional or one-time in both the quarters, the June '25 PAT stands at ₹24 
crore versus June '26 of ₹28 crore. Just like consolidated topline, even on 
standalone, this is the second highest June quarter performance. By the way, 
domestic sales i.e. India revenue grew by 15%, despite huge inventory 
overhang before the summer and importantly all different segments of modern 
trade grew in excess of 100%, while digital channels including D2C are highly 
profitable, in excess of our normal domestic business and has a huge potential 
to scale up. As of 30th June '26 i.e. our season-end, there is no inventory 
overhang either at a trade level or at a company level, it is completely 
normalized. While on a standalone basis, BISP accounts for topline of ₹179 
crore in TTM i.e. 23% and importantly, at EBITDA level, it is profitable almost 
close to double digit percentage. However, standalone exports from India 
declined mainly on account of geopolitical and shipping disruptions.  
About some of the financial ratios. As on 30 June, our capital employed as well 
as net worth has further reduced and rationalized on account of impairment 
done in FY '26. So, as on 30th June '26, core capital employed on standalone 
is ₹73 crore versus ₹136 crore, translating into ROCE percentage of 164, while 
return on net worth at 22% and treasury stands at ₹345 crore versus ₹363 
crore. This is after remitting to Australia and repaying their acquisition loan as 
well as working capital loan until 30th June ‘26 of approximately ₹225 crore. In 
other words, after repaying ₹225 crore of that, treasury stands at ₹345 crore, 
almost in line with 30th June '25. While on consolidated basis capital employed 
is now almost half ₹206 crore versus ₹409 crore as CTPL Australia was taking 
away substantial capital, translating into consol ROCE percentage of 67 and 
return on net worth of 18%.  
So, thank you. With this, we can take questions. 
 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Hi, sir. Maybe I'll start with the first initial questions. It would be helpful if you 
could guide us what could be the proportion of sales that are generated from 
modern trade and e-commerce channels 
 
Nrupesh Shah: 
So, due to competitive reasons, we don't divulge. However, year after year, it 
registers very robust growth and profitably. And we club it as a part of the 
modern trade, which of course, apart from e-commerce and D2C includes large 
format stores and large regional stores. So basically, modern trade constitutes 

                                                                                                                                                                                      Symphony Limited 
 
 
Aug 04, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
almost or in excess of 1/3rd of our top line in India, while general trade 
constitutes 60%-65%. 
 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Understood. That's it. That's helpful. So, and in terms of profitability, will it be 
as good as our traditional channel or it lags by a wide margin? 
 
Nrupesh Shah: 
So, MT versus GT, it is almost comparable. 
 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Understood. Okay, sure.  
So, my second question is on the cost side. In this quarter, we have recorded 
very good margins, but of course, some costs have gone up, and I guess, 
something like plastic cost itself would have gone up. So, do you anticipate 
some impact in the next few quarters on margins because of costs going up? 
Or is it a case that because inventory in the channel is so low that everything 
should essentially get passed on and we shouldn't really be seeing any impact 
on profitability? 
 
Achal Bakeri: 
So, we will, frankly, it all depends on how long the war lasts and when the costs 
begin to normalize. So, as of now, the costs are still fairly elevated. So at least 
in the short term, we expect there to be margin pressure, although, we would 
be passing on some of it to the market, not all of it, because we don't know, 
how long this is going to last. So, in anticipation of a normalization, which has 
to happen sooner or later, we will pass on some, but not all of it. So, in the short 
term, margins are likely to be impacted.  
 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Understood, Sir.  
 
Achal Bakeri: 
Despite all the value engineering, despite all the cost reduction that we will be 
attempting to do, there will be some impact. Difficult to quantify as yet how 
much, but there is likely to be some impact 
 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Sure, sir. I'll come back in the queue and in the meantime, we can take some 
questions from the participants. 
 
Swapna Bhandarkar: Thanks, Aditya. A gentle reminder to everybody, who we have opened the Q&A 
floor for everyone to ask their questions. You have the opportunity to raise your 
virtual hand and when I unmute you, please state your name and the fund that 
you represent for our understanding. With that, I will now request Mr. 
Balasubramaniam. 
Sir, go ahead, but please mention the fund that you are from. I've unmuted you, 
so please unmute yourself. Thank you. 
 
Balasubramaniam: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, modern trade is growing over 
100%. Could you explain the drivers behind this surge, whether it is a market 
share gain from unorganized trade or increase in the market itself or we have 
like changed our strategy or is that a low base from last Q1, like how 
sustainable this growth rate in the coming quarters are? 
Achal Bakeri: 
So, it's a combination of factors. One is that the modern trade, just like E-com 
or D2C, didn't have any channel inventory, unlike the general trade, which had 
elevated levels of channel inventory carried over from the previous year. 

                                                                                                                                                                                      Symphony Limited 
 
 
Aug 04, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
Had the general trade not had that kind of inventory that they had, maybe their 
sales would have also been 100% or whatever. So, it is really a function of the 
inventory that the channel was carrying. That's one. And secondly, we cannot 
expect, this kind of growth, though we will be very happy if, this kind of growth 
continues. But that's very unlikely to happen. So, I think we shouldn't expect 
that going forward. 
 
Nrupesh Shah: 
Just related to that, Balasubramanian. So, as General Trade was carrying the 
inventory, obviously, there was a subdued performance at a company level in 
terms of sales to them. But obviously, at their level, there was a phenomenal 
sale. That is number one.  
And number two, and hence year as a whole as inventory has normalized, we 
expect general trade in particular and all other trade channels should register 
growth which is also our expectation and business plan. 
 
Balasubramaniam: 
Sir, my second question is for Bonaire USA. I think the growth is 35% which 
was like a very good growth and mentioned about the successful scale up of 
new air cooler SKUs. Could you please mention, what kind of SKUs have really 
picked up in the US Market? These are specially designed for US Market, or 
they are rebranded Indian SKUs? 
 
Achal Bakeri: 
They are essentially rebranded Indian SKUs. We have one major customer in 
USA, which is the Home Depot and other customer is Lowe's. These are two 
of the largest retailers in US in home care kind of category. And the products 
that we sell to them are mostly go from India, some even go from Mexico. And 
the product that has registered the greatest sales growth is a model called Air 
Force that is goes by the name of Air Force in India. It also goes by the name 
of Air Force but under a USA brand, which is Bonaire. And essentially that's 
what gave us the big uptick in numbers. 
The sales are also being aided by, a very good summer in the USA, especially 
in the Southwest, which is our core market. It's fairly hot over there this year. 
So, it's a combination of everything, the right product with the right price, in the 
right channel, aided by the tailwind of a good summer. 
 
Balasubramaniam: 
Okay, sir. So, this distribution strategy, how will it differ from Australia? 
 
Achal Bakeri: 
Vastly differs from Australia. So, we have a warehouse in USA, and this is a 
retailer that we sell to, whereas in Australia, the part of our business that comes 
from retailers is still very small. Bulk of it still goes to the GT equivalent of India, 
the installation companies over there, I think would be the closest resemblance 
to the GT channel in India. 
 
Balasubramaniam: 
Got it, sir. Okay, so we learned most of the lessons from Australian market and 
we implemented in the US It's the right way to understand 
 
Achal Bakeri: 
No, no, no, no. The two markets have been very different, so we couldn't even 
if it wanted to, we couldn't have implemented the US, model in Australia or the 
Australia model in USA. The breakup of the markets is very different. 
 
Balasubramaniam: 
Got it, sir. Got it. Thank you 
 

                                                                                                                                                                                      Symphony Limited 
 
 
Aug 04, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Swapna Bhandarkar: Thank you. I would now request Mr. Haider to please inform us your company 
name and go ahead with your question. I'm unmuting you, sir. 
Mr. Haider, please let us know your company name and ask your question. 
Thank you. 
 
Haider Kachwalla: 
Good evening, sir. This is Haider from YES Securities. My question was, could 
you just tell us the revenue EBITDA and PAT numbers for all the subsidiaries? 
 
Nrupesh Shah: 
Yes. So, I am sharing in INR. For Bonaire USA, the top line is ₹36 crore versus 
₹27 crore, and EBITDA is ₹18 crore versus ₹7 crore. Then IMPCO Mexico, the 
top line is ₹54 crore versus ₹66 crore and EBITDA is ₹3 crore versus ₹7 crore. 
GSK China, the topline is ₹34 crore versus ₹24 crore and EBITDA ₹6 crore 
versus ₹2 crore. All these numbers are for June '26 quarter. Symphony Brazil, 
this is not a season so nothing to talk about it. And as far as CTPL Australia is 
concerned, topline is ₹27 crore versus ₹31 crore and EBITDA is negative ₹4 
crore versus negative ₹2 crore. 
 
Haider Kachwalla: 
Sir, I think you missed out on the PAT numbers also, if you could share that as 
well. 
 
Nrupesh Shah: 
Okay. So, Bonaire USA, PAT is 17 crore. IMPCO Mexico, PAT is 1 crore. GSK 
China, PAT is 5 crore. and CTPL Australia, because of exceptional income as 
its shareholding in Bonaire USA and IPRs were sold, so it is very high PAT, 
but it is on account of one-time worth of about 42 crore of write back or gain on 
that, and hence, PAT is 36 cr. So, it has to be excluded, and it has been netted 
off at a consol level, so operating level minus that. 
 
Haider Kachwalla: 
Okay, sir. Thank you for that. Sir, and also what kind of price hikes have you 
taken in the quarter because we are seeing raw material going haywire. So, 
what kind of price hikes have you taken and what kind of price hikes are you 
yet to take in the coming quarters? 
 
Achal Bakeri: 
As of now, we have not really taken in the household cooler segment. In the 
other segment, we have taken 7% to 10% of a price hike. And in others, we 
will be taking hikes in the days to come. But how, to what extent will, continue 
raising remains to be seen. Because, like I said previously, it all depends on 
when the war ends and when the costs normalize. 
 
Haider Kachwalla: 
Right. So, you mean ex of household products you have taken 7% to 10% price 
hikes? 
 
Achal Bakeri: 
Yes 
 
Haider Kachwalla: 
Okay, sir. Okay. Thank you, sir. That is, it from my side.  
 
Swapna Bhandarkar: I have my colleague, Veenit. Go ahead, ask your question. 
 
Veenit Pasad: 
Hi, Sir, I have one question on Australian subsidiary. We've had some 
challenges there for some time now. I understand we've had COVID and all 
supply chain issues, etc. But what is our strategy there to turn operations 
around? 
 

                                                                                                                                                                                      Symphony Limited 
 
 
Aug 04, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
Nrupesh Shah: 
First and foremost, our strategy is not to deploy any additional capital and 
whatever best can be done without deploying any additional capital in our 
Australian business. The point is that we are very clear internally and also to 
assure all the shareholders that whatever impairment or write-off is the history 
that's not going to happen. So, without that, whatever can be done, we will be 
doing it and as it unfolds, we will keep you informed. 
 
Veenit Pasad: 
Understood. And sir, anything incremental on product introduction, our 
distribution, manufacturing, anything on those lines? 
 
Achal Bakeri: 
Where? In Australia or India? 
 
Veenit Pasad: 
Australia. 
 
Achal Bakeri: 
Australia. No, no, no. Just more of the same, nothing new.  
 
Veenit Pasad: 
Understood, understood. Okay. And my second question is on the BISP 
products which we sell. If you can highlight some of the larger, apart from 
exports within India, which are some of the larger categories, and if you can 
give a ballpark number, how much would they contribute and how's the traction 
and customer response on those products? 
 
Nrupesh Shah:  
It consists of large space ventilated air cooling and apart from exports, it 
consists of tabletop fans which sell around the year, water heater and exports. 
And this is our standalone basis and when it comes to consolidated level, 
essentially in our mind, whatever sales happens which is not dependent on 
Indian summer, all that is beyond Indian summer products i.e. BISP, on a 
consol basis, also includes sales by our subsidiaries, because there is a 
geographical diversification, So, on a consol level, about 48% is BISP, while 
on a stand-alone basis, on a trailing 12 months, it is 23%. 
 
Veenit Pasad: 
 
Understood and sir particularly LSV we are quite aware about even exports, 
but just to harp on the other two products, tabletop fans and water heaters. Is 
it largely online which we are doing and how do we plan to scale this these 
products up across the country any plans to get into GT etc and maybe launch 
in other states as well. 
 
Achal Bakeri: 
 
We've already launched in other channels like modern retail and as well as GT. 
It's not everywhere yet. It's just a matter of time by which it will be everywhere, 
but we we're already present in the top cities across the country, in GT as well. 
 
Veenit Pasad: 
 
Thank you. Thank you so much, sir. 
 
Swapna Bhandarkar: Thanks for it. My next person on the queue is Mr. Haider Kachwalla. 
 
Haider Kachwalla: 
Thank you for the follow up, sir. I just wanted to understand one thing. So, we 
have been doing good growth in the US Business, but this is more from 
understanding the business perspective. The US is a much more developed 
market than India, right? And the per income capita and all is also significantly 
higher. So, why would there be a need for an air cooler in somewhere like the 
US., as compared to in India, which is a developing economy, and we need 
something cheaper over here as compared to an RAC. So, why is it that the 

                                                                                                                                                                                      Symphony Limited 
 
 
Aug 04, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
sales in the US., would be a good market as compared to a place like India or 
Brazil or anywhere which is still developing? 
 
Achal Bakeri: 
We have said this many times in the past that, coolers are not viewed as a 
poor man's air conditioner everywhere outside India. It's only in India that it is 
seen as a substitute for air conditioners. You will find coolers being sold not 
only in the USA, but even across Europe. The quantities are not much 
because, the market for this is a relatively small market even for air 
conditioners or fans, but coolers are sold even in the Middle East, which has a 
total abundance of energy and price is not a consideration. So, it's only in India 
that, we view coolers as a cheaper alternative to air conditioners. In the US, it 
is bought for usage outdoors because in the Southwest, all houses are 
centrally air conditioned. So, despite that, air coolers are bought, like I said, 
they are used mainly outdoors, near the pool, near the backyard and, in 
people's garages. And there are some products which are even sold, some of 
our models are even sold as household coolers for whole house cooling. They 
are mounted on the ceiling, and they cool through ducts across the house. 
There are some which are window mounted coolers which cool the entire 
house again. So, it's a very good alternative to air conditioning in the Southwest 
where it's very dry because air coolers provide that little bit of humidity which 
is very good to feel in very dry conditions. So, it's a combination of factors. And 
most importantly, it's a portable product. It's a plug and play product. So that's 
what is the most compelling advantage of this product. 
 
Haider Kachwalla: 
Okay sir, thank you, thank you for the clarity on that. That is, it from my side. 
 
Swapna Bhandarkar: Thank you sir. Let’s move to next attendee. 
 
Hiren Gajjar: 
Swapna, I think there is some questions in the chat as well. So, if you can read 
out for the management to respond to. 
 
Swapna Bhandarkar: The first question is, could you provide your outlook for the ROW business over 
the next two to three quarters, particularly for the USA and Mexico, with 
expectations of strong summer conditions in these markets, do you expect 
demand to improve meaningfully? 
 
Achal Bakeri: 
So as far as Mexico is concerned, we went through two consecutive, bad 
summers. And by that we mean mild summers. So, the summer of '25 and the 
summer of '26 both have been sort of mild summers and which have had an 
impact on sales. This is the first time in memory, that this has happened. And 
we have people in Mexico who have been with the company for more than 30 
years, and they've never witnessed two consecutively mild summers. So, we 
hope and we expect that the summer of '27, statistically, it will be almost 
impossible for it to be a mild summer. It should be certainly a fairly robust 
summer, and the sales should grow significantly. I cannot put a number on it 
yet, but we expect there to be significant growth. 
As far as USA is also concerned, as you said, if you were to assume that the 
summer will be robust, if that's the assumption, then the sales should further 
increase next summer. So, I'm sure, that next year will be significantly better if 
the summer is as good as this year.  
 

                                                                                                                                                                                      Symphony Limited 
 
 
Aug 04, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
Swapna Bhandarkar: Thank you, sir. The next question is, have export shipments now fully resumed 
or are you still facing logistic or shipping-related disruptions? Are geopolitical 
uncertainties continuing to affect order inflows or execution in key export 
markets?  
 
Achal Bakeri: 
So, the Middle East, which was primarily impacted, continues to remain 
affected.  
Rajesh Mishra: 
And from other regions, the costs have shoot up significantly. So, that is 
impacting the overall demand. Overall, the costs have gone up, which is also 
impacting the buyer sentiment. So, people are more cautious because the 
landed costs have gone up and they are not able to pass on the entire increase. 
So, therefore, the purchase is now a bit muted. So, it's still not back to normal. 
 
Swapna Bhandarkar: Next question is, Bonaire USA and GSK China delivered healthy growth during 
the quarter, while IMPCO Mexico and CTPL Australia remained relatively 
weak, how should we think about the growth trajectory of each of these 
businesses over the next few quarters?  
During Q1, demand for air coolers was somewhat patchy, particularly in North 
India due to uneven weather patterns. Could you help us understand the 
impact this had on your sales and demand trends across regions?  
How have secondary sales trended in July and early August? Have you seen 
any improvement in offtake after the normalization of weather conditions? 
 
Achal Bakeri: 
Yes, okay. So, for, if in the next few quarters, see again, this business is likely 
to see sales in the summer. So, the US summer sort of extends into the current 
quarter. So, we will witness revenue in the current quarter. But the next two 
quarters, you won't see much revenue in the US market, because primarily, it's 
coolers and coolers, as you know are sold only in the summer. As far as China 
is concerned, that has more of an even sales cycle, because there's a lot of 
industrial coolers and plus exports, which will continue with that.  
 
Rajesh Mishra: 
So, we expect GSK China to continue the momentum, and the coming quarters 
are based on how much export orders are received. So, we believe that we 
should be able to do fairly good in GSK China and Bonaire USA, coming 
quarter should be good which is the current quarter. But after that, it will be 
more muted. So that is what is as far as Bonaire USA and GSK China are 
concerned.  
As far as your second question is concerned, the Q1 was patchy as far as 
North India and even East India is concerned. But in the coming quarter, we 
don't expect any secondary sales. But there will be primary sales, which is 
basically off-season buying, which happens by our channel partners, which will 
happen in the current and the subsequent quarters. 
Swapna Bhandarkar: That was the last question. I would request the management to make the 
closing remarks.  
 
Achal Bakeri: 
Okay. All right. Once again, thank you all for your participation and for the 
interest that you have shown in our company. And we look forward to seeing 
all of you again next quarter. Thank you and have a great day. Bye.  

                                                                                                                                                                                      Symphony Limited 
 
 
Aug 04, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
Nrupesh Shah: 
And thank you to Investec as well as Aditya, Swapna for organizing and 
coordinating this. Thank you.  
Swapna Bhandarkar: Thank you, Sir, and on behalf of Investec, my colleague Aditya, Veenit and I 
thank the Symphony management for giving us the opportunity to host this 
earnings call. Thank you.  
*** 
