 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
To, 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code: 544574      
 
To, 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
Symbol: TATACAP   
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of media call and Earnings Conference call with Analysts and Investors 
for the quarter ended June 30, 2026 
 
Ref.: Tata Capital Limited (“Company”) 
 
We wish to inform you that pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended 
from time to time, the transcripts of the media call and earnings conference call with analysts and 
investors held on July 28, 2026, in relation to the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated 
Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, are enclosed herewith.  
 
The same is also available on the website of the Company at the below link:  
 
https://www.tatacapital.com/about-us/investor-information-and-financials.html  
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Tata Capital Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sarita Kamath 
Chief Legal and Compliance Officer & Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 
 
SARITA 
GANESH 
KAMATH
Digitally signed by 
SARITA GANESH 
KAMATH 
Date: 2026.08.03 
16:11:00 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
  
 
“Tata Capital Limited 
Q1 FY27 Results Media Conference Call” 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIV SABHARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – TATA CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
Page 2 of 9 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Tata Capital Q1 FY27 Results Media 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajiv Sabharwal, Managing Director and CEO of Tata 
Capital. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Thank you very much and welcome to everyone who is joining the call. Good evening and thank 
you for joining us. Let me start with the macro environment. FY26 was a strong year for the 
Indian economy with a real GDP growth at 7.7% supported by strong domestic consumption 
and investment activity. 
 
Credit demand continued to remain healthy in the first quarter of FY27 across both banking and 
non-banking channels, reflecting sustained underlying economic momentum. While inflation 
has remained broadly manageable, we continue to monitor movements in food prices, rural 
demand trends, and the evolving geopolitical environment. 
 
On the monetary policy front, RBI maintains its policy rate and continued to support liquidity 
conditions, helping sustain credit flows across the financial system. Looking ahead, while global 
uncertainties and elevated energy prices could moderate growth for FY26 from a high base, 
India's underlying macroeconomic fundamentals continue to remain strong, supported by 
healthy domestic demand and investment activity. 
 
We remain watchful of geopolitical developments, inflationary trends, and monsoon-related 
risks, but continue to see a broadly supportive environment for credit growth. Before I dive into 
the operating performance for the quarter, let me share two key developments.  
First, our entry into gold loans business marks an important step in further diversifying Tata 
Capital's retail lending portfolio. We believe the combination of Yogloans' domestic expertise 
and branch network with Tata Capital's brand technology and risk management capabilities will 
help create a compelling platform for future growth in secured lending.  
Secondly, we also successfully raised USD400 million through an international bond issuance 
that was oversubscribed four times. The strong response from global investors reflects 
confidence in Tata Capital's franchise and further strengthens our diversified funding platform 
and access to international capital markets.  
Now let me turn to the key highlights for the quarter.  
Consolidated performance – Our assets under management stood at INR2.91 lakh crores, up 
22% year-on-year and up 5% sequentially. If I exclude motor finance business which we 
acquired from Tata Motors, our AUM grew by 28% year-on-year. Credit costs for Quarter 1 
FY27 were 1% versus 1.6% for quarter one of FY26. So that's a significant drop. Profit after tax 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
Page 3 of 9 
 
for the quarter stood at INR1,547 crores, up 56% year-on-year and 3% sequentially. Our Net 
NPA declined by 10 basis points sequentially to 0.8%. Our ROA stood at 2.3% consolidated 
including the motor finance business. If I exclude the motor finance business which we acquired 
from Tata Motors, our ROA stands at 2.5%.  
Tata Capital Housing Finance continued to perform extremely well for us. The AUM increased 
24% year-on-year to INR89,416 crores. Our credit costs continued to be very low in this business 
at 0.05%. Profit after tax for the quarter was up 29% year-on-year to INR532 crores. 
 
Our focus on affordable housing and loan against property continues to support margin 
expansion and portfolio diversification. Overall business momentum remained strong during the 
quarter supported by healthy growth across all businesses. Our core focus remains as retail and 
SME lending which together constitutes 85.4% of our portfolio, providing a structurally granular 
and resilient growth profile. 
 
We expanded our distribution network to 1,491 branches across 1,091 locations, serving 
approximately 8.8 million customers through our phygital model and deepening our presence 
across India. Our AAA credit rating continues to support a diversified and stable funding profile. 
Total borrowings stood at approximately INR2.45 lakh crores, while we maintained a strong 
liquidity buffer of around INR29,000 crores.  
In Quarter 1, our cost of funds stood at 7.28%. Despite a marginal increase in funding cost during 
the quarter, we remain well-positioned to support growth while navigating market volatility. For 
Quarter 1 of FY27, our cost to income stood at 36.4%, showing an improvement of 190 basis 
points over Quarter 4 of FY26.  
Artificial intelligence is increasingly driving scale and efficiency across Tata Capital. From 98% 
digital onboarding and AI-led underwriting to 40% productivity gains in operations and stronger 
collections outcomes, our AI initiatives are enhancing customer experience, operational 
excellence, and risk management across the franchise. You know, we have seen not only 
deployment of AI, but also the benefits of AI accruing to us.  
The transformation of our motor finance business remains on track. We continue to focus on 
portfolio diversification, disciplined growth, and operational efficiency while maintaining 
profitability and stable asset quality. Our focus on motor finance remains on creating a portfolio 
which we do believe can stand the test of time. So, our focus continues to be on building a 
portfolio which on risk parameters would remain good at all times.  
To conclude, we remain focused on building a larger, stronger, and more resilient financial 
services franchise, supported by healthy business momentum, improving asset quality, and a 
robust balance sheet along with diversified funding profile. We continue to invest in technology 
and AI. We do believe we are well-positioned to deliver sustainable growth and create long-term 
value for all our stakeholders.  
With that, we are happy to open the floor for questions. 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
Page 4 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Sure. Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from Srishti Sharma from ETBFSI. Please go ahead. 
Srishti Sharma: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone. Mr. Sabharwal, I'll start off the question with the acquisition 
of Yogloans. If you could elaborate more on this strategy and what kind of AUM are you looking 
forward on 2 to 3 year basis? Two more questions to add on since you've spoken about artificial 
intelligence. Your peers are also very bullish about AI, I mean all through the investor 
presentation in fact? 
 
What kind of operational cost difference do you see on the AI usage? And thirdly, on the co-
lending market, how has the market been since the new norms have been made effective from 
January 1? How active are you in co-lending? Are you seeing more partnerships coming up for 
you? Thank you. 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Thank you, Srishti. So, gold loans is a very large market and we've been looking at this market 
very carefully. We are happy that we could make an entry through this acquisition. It's a small 
company but built very well and it comes with not only a portfolio but also expertise which is 
there. We also have organically started building our strategy for growing the gold loan business.  
 
So, while we have applied to RBI and for seeking their approval for acquisition of this entity, 
we expect the approvals to come towards the end of this calendar year. From the time we acquire, 
over the next 2-1/2 years to 3 years, we expect to add close to about 500 plus branches and build 
a portfolio of approximately INR4,000 crores to INR5,000 crores over the next 3 years. 
Srishti Sharma: 
Okay. Sure. And the other two on AI and co-lending please. 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Yes. Sorry. The other question on AI, we are extremely bullish on the use of technology. We've 
always been amongst the first users or early adopters of anything new which is coming in. In AI 
also we have done the same, we've been working on this and if you would notice, we are already 
seeing the benefits of the same accruing. If you've seen our investor presentation, the number of 
people which we have added is very small compared to our AUM growth which we have seen 
in our business. 
 
The benefit will accrue to us on many parameters, whether it is in terms of cost of doing business, 
in terms of faster acquisition, ability to cross-sell better. So, all of these would be benefits which 
will be coming to us. If you notice our cost to average assets stands out as amongst the best in 
the industry and we expect further improvement over the next 2 years of close to 10 basis points 
to 15 basis points on ROA because of the use of these technologies. 
 
As far as co-lending is concerned, we are not significant players in this market. While we are 
talking to a few partners with whom, you know, who would source for us and, you know, we 
would have the larger portion of the book on us, but these still are early times and we still are 
small in this space. Most of our business, if you would see our investor presentation, has been 
built organically, 99% of our book has been built organically. 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
Page 5 of 9 
 
Srishti Sharma: 
Okay. Since you've said you've not hired as much because of artificial intelligence, how much 
of a difference has AI made to your hiring if you have certain more color to give in it? And what 
kind of roles is it where you're not hiring? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, if you would look at our manpower numbers, the addition to manpower last year is just about 
slightly less than 5% of to our total workforce. Where largely we are adding people is only on 
front-end sales and collections. These are the two areas which we are adding. On all other places, 
we are able to see a more significant advantage of AI coming in. It's making the processes faster 
and more error-free, I would say. 
Srishti Sharma: 
Okay. Sure. Thank you. I'll come back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from Shubhana Sheik from Mint. Please go ahead. 
Shubhana Sheik: 
Hi, sir. Good evening. Sir, I wanted to ask, you've acquired the gold loan business. Last year 
itself RBI revised its guidelines on gold loans which came into effect this year. I wanted to ask 
any concerns you see on income generating versus consumption generating loans and the overlap 
on personal loans given that you've entered gold loan business? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Actually, these are two distinct markets. We do believe that both of these markets are pretty 
large markets, personal loan as well as gold loan, and they serve two different segments. And 
we do believe that the opportunity for us to grow exists in both of them. We've always been a 
compliant organization on all RBI regulations and we will continue to do so. I think what RBI 
has done is created two distinct, you know, segments and it's tried to approach them in the correct 
way in terms of what LTVs you can give and on what repayment structures you can have. And 
we have planned our products keeping that in mind. Our effort would be to look at growth in 
each of these segments. We feel -- we believe that this actually makes the market more organized 
and helps us on better risk management. 
Shubhana Sheik: 
But would you be cautious in giving out loans to consumption generating that consumption 
generating category, you know, because of concerns around over-leveraging? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, that is, you know, if you’ve tracked us and you would have seen us that we are a conservative 
organization. We try to understand each segment before we start growing it aggressively and our 
strategy here will also remain the same. In the two segments, we would look at what leverage 
the customer is at, but it will also depend on the collateral being offered to us. 
 
We will also watch out for the trends on gold price movement and keep all of that in mind while 
we grow our portfolio. We should remember that this is a secured asset class with extremely low 
credit costs and our focus would be to, you know, use more of technology in both distribution 
as well as in terms of how we manage operational risks here. 
Shubhana Sheik: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Ram Kumar from Business Line. Please go ahead. 
Ram Kumar: 
Hello? 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
Page 6 of 9 
 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Yes. 
Ram Kumar: 
Yes. So, just wanted to understand the breakup of your loan book in terms of Retail, SME, and 
others. Yes. And once you this gold loan company on board, how will the complexion of the 
loans change actually within Retail? Yes? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, thanks, Ram. See, we've stated before also that our Retail plus SME will constitute between 
85% to 88% of our book. That is the range it will move in. There could be certain quarters in 
which it will be more towards the 87%, 88%; in some quarters it may go down to 86%. So, it 
will remain within that range of 85% to 88%.  
With the addition of gold loan business, we expect within the Retail and SME proportion, the 
Retail proportion to start increasing. But on an overall Retail plus SME range, it will remain 
between 85% to 88%. 
Ram Kumar: 
Yes. And see, already Tata Home Finance is a large company in terms of AUM actually. So 
though, when will the time be right for you to actually unlock value in the company in terms of 
monetizing it? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, at the board we do discuss this, but we've not made any decision on this. We will wait for, 
you know, RBI directions when they do place us in the upper layer. And from that time they, 
you know, they do give us about three years to make that decision of when to list and when not 
to list. So we will, you know, comply with those guidelines once we are placed in the upper 
layer. So we have time. So, we will watch this, but no decision yet made on when to do it. 
Ram Kumar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Manojit Saha from Business Standard. Please go ahead. 
Sushma: 
Hello? This is Sushma from Business Standard. 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Yes, Sushma. 
Sushma: 
Am I audible? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Yes, we can hear you. 
Sushma: 
Yes. So just wanted--you spoke about portfolio diversification in while presenting the notes. So 
just wanted to understand like what diversification we are seeking here? And secondly, any 
fundraising plans going ahead? Also, with subnormal monsoon, are you seeing any concern 
especially around vehicle finance loans, tractor finance loans, and SME loans, especially in 
terms of recovery and collection? Any concerns you are seeing? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, your first question on diversification, our strategy remains that we want to be a well-
diversified entity, present across all segments of the business, widely present across different 
geographies. And we've stay— we've stayed true to that strategy. The addition of the gold loan 
portfolio is also a step in that direction. It will help us to add a new product which is secured in 
nature and which has huge potential to grow at high ROAs. 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
Page 7 of 9 
 
 As far as diversification of our liabilities, again, our strategy there also remains the same that 
we want to be very well-diversified entity. If you would have been seeing our numbers, we've 
also, post getting our international rating which is a BBB, which is equal to the sovereign rating, 
we have done bond issuances, the one, one which was done very recently. And now our 
international borrowings constitute close to about 11% of our total borrowings.  
So, we will look at, continuously tapping all opportunities, trying to optimize or reduce our cost 
of funds. As far as the impact of the monsoon and El Nino is concerned, we've not seen any 
impact of the same on our portfolio. In fact, we are not seeing any early signs of the same also 
in that. We are actually now hoping that the monsoons, you know, the quantum of monsoons 
has improved in India and hopefully, the weather predictors may be hopefully they will be turned 
wrong and hopefully we will get our full monsoon and the rural markets will also flourish. But 
we've not seen any impact as of now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Shrishti Sharma from ETBFSI. Please go ahead. 
Shrishti Sharma: 
Hi, since I have the opportunity to ask, what segments are you most cautious of, Mr. Sabharwal, 
in the current times? The West Asia crisis impact, El Nino you just addressed, but what is that 
segment you're most cautious of that you think stress might build up? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, you know, we based on what the macro situation is, in quarter one we did go a little 
conservative on certain segments. For example, the commercial vehicle segment and 
construction equipment segment because we felt that if the fuel prices will get fully passed on 
to the final borrower, it could have an impact on the profitability of those businesses.  
So, we did go a conservative on those areas. Similarly, certain MSMEs which have a high 
reliance on petro-products. So those are the areas in which we went a little conservative. Luckily, 
the government has not passed on the impact of the prices onto the final consumers. So, you 
know, those segments have continued to behave well. 
Shrishti Sharma: 
Okay. So but like you've said you were conservative of this vehicle in the first quarter, what 
next? Are also the portfolios behaving the best? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Yes, actually all portfolios on credit quality continue to behave very well. There are no signs or 
early indicators of any stress visible in any of the segments. 
Shrishti Sharma: 
Okay. Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Manish from ETI. Please go ahead. 
Manish:  
Am I audible? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Yes, Manish. 
Manish: 
Sir, I just wanted to know the number what how much gold loan branches you are targeting in 
the next few years because I missed that number. Because currently, sir, Yogloans have around 
162 branches which is in the four southern states. So, what will be the which are which are the 
next states you will be targeting for this gold loan branches? 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
Page 8 of 9 
 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So basically, I'll--Manish, I'll give you an idea. So over the next two and a half to three years, 
once we get the RBI okay for the acquisition, we expect to have about 500 plus branches. And 
as far as specific states are concerned, you know, that is, we've identified certain states. More 
are, work is on to identify more. So that is something which we will roll out once we start our 
organic business also. 
Manish: 
Okay. Which are the states you have already identified, sir? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, there are we don't want to talk about them at this point of time, but clearly, we want to be 
present in certain states and go deeper in them before we keep adding more states. So, our 
strategy would be to build a strong ecosystem in certain states and then, you know, once we 
believe that we've got a critical mass there, then go to more states. 
Manish: 
Are these in the northern part of the country? Is it? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Yes, they will also be in the northern part of the country. Also I'm saying, I'm not saying only 
there. 
Manish: 
Okay, okay. Thank you, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Shipra Petkar from Financial Express. Please go ahead. 
Shipra Petkar: 
Good evening, sir. Am I audible? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Yes, Shipra. 
Shipra Petkar: 
 Sir, okay. Sir, actually in the investor presentation you said that you've scaled up disbursements 
for like disbursements for the unsecured products and from the last from Q1 FY26 and you've 
been addressing the delinquency problems in your personal loan and MFIs.  
Now there is another statement there which says that the book growth will catch up with 
disbursement growth in the next few quarters. I just wanted to understand the strategy here and 
the demand and from where you're seeing higher disbursements coming. 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, you know, if you would remember, about two and a half years back when the whole market 
saw some increased stress in the unsecured business, we had become more conservative and we 
because of that conservatism, we scaled down our business volumes in unsecured business. From 
Quarter 1 of FY26, we saw credit costs easing out and portfolio starting to behave much better 
and that is when we started scaling up our unsecured business.  
And what we have stated here in our investor presentation is that the disbursements are growing 
there and what happens is in any lending book, you will first see disbursements growing and 
then you see the impact on the book.  
So, our book is growing today at a slower pace than disbursement, but we expect this catch-up 
to happen over the next few quarters, which means that if we continue on a similar trend on 
disbursements, you will start seeing the book growth coming more closer to the disbursement 
growth. 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Shipra Petkar: 
Okay. Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to the management team for closing comments. 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Thank you so much. I think Quarter 1 was an excellent quarter for us. We were aided by the fact 
that the Indian economy continued to remain strong on all aspects. We were also supported by 
the fact that the credit quality remains strong.  
Our focus on investment in technology and being early adopters of AI is showing signs of 
helping us on the operating leverage. We expect operating leverage to further improve in the 
coming quarters. We expect because of our focus on high margin products that our margins in 
our business to also improve in the future. We had given certain guidance for FY28 and we are 
on track to meet that guidance going forward. So, thank you everyone for joining us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Tata Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Note 
This transcript has been lightly edited for clarity and accuracy. 
Disclaimer 
This document is being furnished solely for your information and may not be reproduced or redistributed to any other person 
or used without the express consent of Tata Capital Ltd. (“Company”). The term “Company” shall include its subsidiaries 
unless repugnant to the context. This document only contains general information on the Company and does not purport to 
contain all the information. Forward looking statements contained herein regarding past trends or activities or future business 
plans, strategy, financial condition, growth prospects or developments in industry, competitive or regulatory environment 
should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. There is no obligation to update 
or revise any forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to 
a number of factors. This document does not constitute a prospectus, offering circular or offering memorandum or an offer to 
acquire any securities or instruments and nothing in this document be construed as advice or solicitation to invest in the 
Company or any of its instruments or securities or otherwise. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, 
directors, employees, agents or representatives makes any warranty or representation as to the completeness of the information 
contained herein (including statements of opinion and expectation) or as to the reasonableness of any assumptions contained 
herein and shall not be liable for any loss or damage (direct or indirect) suffered as a result of reliance upon any statements 
contained in, or any omission here-from. By viewing this document or by accepting any copy thereof or any part thereof, you 
agree to be bound by the foregoing terms. 

 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Tata Capital Limited  
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIV SABHARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, TATA CAPITAL LIMITED 
MR. RAKESH BHATIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
TATA CAPITAL LIMITED 
MR. SANDEEP TRIPATHY – HEAD OF STRATEGY & 
INVESTOR RELATIONS, TATA CAPITAL LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAGHAV GARG – AMBIT CAPITAL 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Tata Capital Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference 
Call. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Raghav Garg from Ambit Capital. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Raghav Garg: 
Thank you. Good evening and on behalf of Ambit Capital, I would like to thank the Management 
of Tata Capital for the opportunity to host their Q1 FY27 Earnings Call. 
Joining us from the Management today, we have Mr. Rajiv Sabharwal – MD and CEO, Mr. 
Rakesh Bhatia – CFO and Mr. Sandeep Tripathy – Head of Strategy and Investor Relations. 
We can now begin with the opening remarks from Mr. Rajiv Sabharwal and post that we can 
open the floor for questions. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Thank you, Raghav and thank you everyone for joining this call. 
Let me start with the macro environment: 
FY26 was a strong year for the Indian economy with the real GDP growth at 7.7%, amongst the 
strongest in recent years, driven by robust domestic consumption and fixed investment. Inflation 
stayed largely contained through the year, though headline CPI crossed the midpoint of RBI's 
band for the first time since January ‘25, coming in at 4.38% in June, led mainly by crude prices. 
We are watching this closely, especially given monsoon trends and rural demand.  
Credit growth stayed strong through Q1 FY27. Bank credit growth touched 18.6% in June, a 
two-year high, with broad-based traction across segments. However, part of this growth reflected 
funding substitution as elevated bond yields pushed Corporates and NBFCs towards bank 
borrowings. NBFC credit also accelerated, growing at 14.2% year-on-year in May versus 11.4% 
a year ago, signaling sustained demand across both bank and non-bank lending channels. 
MPC held the repo rate steady in June, retained its neutral stance, citing global macro 
uncertainty. Even though the transmission of last year's rate cuts by banks has moderated in the 
recent months, bank credit continues to remain a preferred funding avenue for Corporates 
relative to bond markets. 
Liquidity conditions remained favorable during the quarter, supported by RBI's proactive 
liquidity management measures. While advance tax outflows led to a temporary liquidity deficit 
in June, timely RBI interventions helped restore surplus liquidity. Recent measures to encourage 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
foreign currency inflows are expected to further support system liquidity and funding conditions 
and we will continue to monitor their impact. 
Looking ahead, we expect GDP growth to moderate from FY26's strong base as elevated energy 
prices from prolonged geopolitical tensions start to weigh in. 
That said, the underlying growth environment remains resilient, as high-frequency indicators for 
Quarter 1 of FY27 continue to point to sustained domestic and industrial activity. We remain 
watchful on energy prices and geopolitical developments, watching them closely for their impact 
on inflation and external conditions, and we are also monitoring the impact of El Niño and 
monsoon-related risks given their potential effect on food inflation and rural demand. 
Now let me turn to the key highlights for the quarter: 
Quarter 1 FY27 was a good start to the year, an another quarter of healthy growth, stable asset 
quality and continued profitability, reflecting disciplined execution across our core businesses. 
As of June ‘26, our consolidated AUM stood at Rs. 2.91 lakh crores. We have seen sustained 
momentum across our core businesses and the AUM has grown at 28% year-on-year, excluding 
Motor Finance business and 22% including Motor Finance business. 
Our consolidated profit after tax for the quarter stood at Rs. 1547 crores, up 56% year-on-year 
and 3% sequentially. Consolidated ROA stood at 2.3%, and excluding Motor Finance, it was 
2.5%, and consolidated ROE stood at 13.7%. 
Our Housing Finance business had a very strong performance trajectory in Quarter 1 of FY27. 
Our AUM grew 24% year-on-year to reach Rs. 89,416 crores, and PAT increased 29% year-on-
year to touch Rs. 532 crores, reflecting both scale expansion and sustained earnings quality. 
Our strategic focus on Affordable home loans, Affordable LAP and Prime LAP enabled us to 
drive margin expansion, portfolio diversification and scale business. Net AUM of Affordable 
Housing segment grew by 23% year-on-year. We now operate through a network of about 350 
branches enabling deeper market penetration while maintaining a healthy cost-to-income ratio 
of 30%. 
Asset quality continues to be our core strength. Credit cost remains stable at 0.05% while net 
NPA stood at 0.3%, positioning us among the best-performing players in the Housing Finance 
sector. Our ROA in the Housing Finance business for Quarter 1 stood at 2.5% and ROE at 18.4%, 
highlighting the strength and sustainability of our earnings profile. 
Before I deep dive into the operating performance for the quarter, let me share two key 
developments: 
• 
First being our proposed acquisition of Yogloans, which marks an important step in 
expanding and diversifying our lending franchise. With an AUM of approximately Rs. 
708 crores as of March ‘26, a network of 162 branches and nearly 32,000 customers, 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
Yogloans brings strong expertise in the gold loan segment. Combined with Tata 
Capital's brand, capital strength, technology, and risk management capabilities, this 
acquisition positions us to capture the significant growth opportunity in secured 
lending while strengthening our full-spectrum financial services platform. Tata 
Capital will acquire approximately 88.6% in Yogloans through a combination of 
capital infusion and purchase of shares from existing shareholders. The transaction 
values Yogloans at a pre-money equity valuation of up to Rs. 318 crores and envisages 
a Rs. 93 crore primary capital infusion to support future growth. This transaction is 
subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. Refer Slides #13 to 
#15 of our investor presentation. 
• 
Secondly, Tata Capital has successfully raised a USD 400 million fixed-rate senior 
unsecured Reg S bond for a 3.5-year tenor at an interest rate of T-Bill plus 107 basis 
points. The bond received strong demand from investors with the final order book 
oversubscribed by 4x. The transaction witnessed broad participation from investors in 
Asia and EMEA, including asset managers, insurance companies, banks and other 
institutional investors. We are grateful to global investors for the strong response to 
our second USD bond issuance. It is our first issuance following our S&P BBB rating 
upgrade and successful equity listing, and is an important step in further diversifying 
our funding mix and extending our access to international capital markets. Our foreign 
borrowings now constitute 12.6% of our total borrowings. 
I will now talk you through our performance across four key themes and updates on our 
digital and AI initiatives: 
On Book Growth: 
I am pleased to share that Quarter 1 saw continued strength in disbursement momentum with 
consolidated disbursements rising 33% year-on-year to Rs 46,212 crores driven by healthy 
growth across businesses and a 50% year-on-year increase in unsecured Retail disbursals. 
Our combined AUM grew at 22% on a year-on-year basis and 5% sequentially. Excluding Motor 
Finance, AUM grew 28% on a year-on-year basis and 6% sequentially. 
Within this, our Housing Finance segment continued its strong momentum, delivering a 24% 
year-on-year AUM growth. 
Unsecured Retail loans also saw a healthy AUM growth of 17% year-on-year. At the same time, 
our Corporate and SME segments continued to scale steadily, reflecting the strength and 
diversification of our lending portfolio. 
Our approach in Motor Finance remains measured, reflecting macroeconomic uncertainties, 
elevated fuel costs and a disciplined focus on portfolio quality. As a result, the Motor Finance 
book moderated to Rs 24,445 crores as of June 2026. 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
Our core focus remains firmly on Retail and SME lending supported by a granular and 
diversified portfolio. We also continue to selectively participate in high-quality Corporate 
opportunities within a well-diversified risk framework. Our stated vision is to operate with a 
Retail plus SME mix of between 85%-88%. 
We have added a slide highlighting the scale of our high-margin products. Please refer to Slide 
#22 in this quarter. 
In Quarter 1 of FY27, disbursements across these products view 38% while maintaining a 
healthy blended IRR. While disbursements growth has outpaced AUM growth, we expect the 
gap to narrow over the next 2-3 quarters as sustained origination momentum translates into book 
expansion. We continue to maintain a balanced portfolio mix across Unsecured Retail, 
Affordable Housing, Secured Business Loans supported by steady growth in fee-based business. 
Our focus on portfolio granularity and mix optimization continues to support margin resilience 
as we scale the businesses. During the quarter, we added 14 branches taking our network to 1491 
branches across 1091 locations in 27 states and union territories. Backed by our phygital 
network, a model of physical reach and digital capabilities, we continue to scale efficiently while 
serving a growing customer base of 8.8 million across existing and underpenetrated markets. 
Overall, our growth remains consistent, well-diversified and anchored in quality. We are 
confident that our portfolio will remain granular and is well positioned to remain resilient across 
business cycles and external shocks, positioning us strongly for the next phase of expansion. 
The second theme I want to cover is asset quality: 
Gross Stage-3 assets improved to 1.9% as on June 2026 compared to 2% as on March 2026, 
while maintaining the PCR at 57%. Even with the ongoing geopolitical uncertainty, our asset 
quality metrics remains resilient, underscoring the strength of our portfolio, underwriting 
discipline and collections infrastructure. Slippages stayed benign across the portfolio, including 
in unsecured Retail. 
Credit cost charged to the P&L declined 26% year-on-year, primarily driven by the continued 
improvement in the unsecured Retail portfolio. Our credit cost for Quarter 1 FY27 stood at 1%, 
in line with FY28 guidance, and remains well within the guided corridor. 
While we continue to closely monitor the evolving geopolitical environment, we have not seen 
any material stress across our CV and MSME portfolios so far and remain confident in our risk-
calibrated approach to sustaining asset quality over the coming quarters. 
The third theme I want to touch upon today is cost of funds: 
Our AAA credit rating underpins a well-diversified and stable funding profile. Through a 
disciplined ALM framework, we continue to optimize our borrowing mix while proactively 
managing liquidity. 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
In Quarter 1, our cost of funds stood at 7.28%, increasing from 7.15% in Q4 FY26. In line with 
the recent global developments, we have seen a slight uptick in funding costs on incremental 
borrowings. We continue to proactively manage our liability profile and remain well-positioned 
to maintain stability in our overall cost of funds going forward. 
Total borrowing stood at approximately Rs 2.45 lakh crores as of June ‘26, with a diversified 
mix across instruments. Bank loans accounted for about 40% of our borrowings, NCDs around 
33%, ECB/MTN around 11%, CP and WCDL around 8%. We carry a total liquidity buffer of 
approximately Rs 29,000 crores and we have ample headroom to pursue growth opportunities 
and absorb market volatility without compromising on financial discipline. 
Lastly, on operating leverage: 
For Q1 FY27, the cost-to-income ratio stood at 36.4%, representing an improvement of 190 
basis points over Q4 FY26. Operating expenses grew 2% sequentially and 21% year-on-year. 
The year-on-year increase was mainly driven by the change in the annual appraisal cycle. 
Excluding this impact, the operating expense growth would have been approximately 16%-17%. 
Our headcount growth remains well calibrated to business requirements, with incremental hiring 
primarily focused on frontline sales and collection roles. This disciplined approach enables us 
to support business growth while enhancing productivity and driving operating leverage. 
As of June 2026, our on-role employee count stood at 30,170, up only about 5% year-on-year, 
reflecting meaningful productivity gains across the organization. The investments we have made 
over the past few years across technology, data infrastructure and distribution expansion are now 
translating into structural improvements in efficiency and scalability. 
Commenting on our balance sheet: 
Our balance sheet remains strong, well capitalized, providing a solid foundation to support our 
growth ambitions. As of June 2026, our capital adequacy remains robust at 18.5%, well above 
the regulatory requirements and is supported by a strong CET1 ratio, reflecting the underlying 
strength and resilience of our capital position. 
On a consolidated basis, our debt-to-equity ratio remains stable at 5.3x as of June 2026, 
unchanged from March 2026. As of June 2026, our total equity stood at Rs. 46,237 crores. 
Commenting a little bit about our AI initiatives now: 
At Tata Capital, AI is emerging as a key enabler of our “Digital First” strategy, helping us 
enhance customer experience, improve operational efficiency and strengthen risk management 
across the lending lifecycle. We have evolved from point solutions to end-to-end value-creative, 
transformative AI-led projects across the organization. Our AI-led transformation journey 
continues to scale across onboarding, underwriting, operations, servicing and collections, 
driving tangible business outcomes. 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
We have seen strong digital adoption across the customer lifecycle. 98% of our customers are 
onboarded via digital platforms. Our AI-led onboarding initiatives have significantly scaled 
customer engagement, enabling over 30 lakh customer connects. Today, nearly 90% of our 
welcome calls are AI-driven, while AI agents contribute about 15% of call center-led personal 
loan sourcing. 
AI-generated multilingual creatives account for 85%-90% of marketing output, strengthening 
lead generation and customer engagement. In underwriting, our AI-powered document 
intelligence and CAM automation solutions have processed nearly 4 crore documents and are 
now adopted across more than 90% of our personal loan and business loan cases, resulting in 
over 35% improvement in processing turnaround times. 
Within operations, about 70% of Retail applications are processed through AI-led workflows, 
delivering around 40% productivity gain, nearly 40% improvement in processing turnaround 
times and over 25% reduction in operating manpower cost per file. 
On the servicing front, over 70% of our email responses are now AI-generated. More than 90% 
of email queries are resolved on the same day, significantly enhancing customer experience 
while reducing servicing costs. 
In collections, our AI-assisted bots now manage over 95% of pre-delinquency outreach, 
improving efficiency and customer engagement. AI-driven early bucket collections constitute 
around 30% of our recoveries. AI-powered portfolio monitoring enhances risk surveillance 
across SME customer portfolios, enabling quicker and more targeted actions. We are now 
focused on building AI capabilities across the organization. Over 12,000 of our employee base 
have been trained on AI platforms and tools, helping create a more scalable, efficient and future-
ready organization. 
Now about our Motor Finance business: 
Our transformation journey continues to progress as planned, with a clear focus on building a 
more balanced and sustainable portfolio. Amid geopolitical uncertainties during the quarter, we 
maintained a measured growth approach, resulting in a sequential decline in the book. The 
portfolio transition remains on track, with net AUM depletion in the legacy business reducing 
from Rs. 3,139 crores in June of 2025 to Rs. 945 crores in June of 2026, reflecting a marked 
moderation in run-off. 
Asset quality trends remain aligned with our expectations, and business remains profitable in 
Quarter 1 of FY27. We also continue to expand our presence beyond data OEMs while 
enhancing operating efficiency through branch and workforce rationalization. 
Concluding: 
We remain focused on building a larger, stronger and more resilient franchise through 
disciplined execution, prudent risk management and customer-centric innovation. 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Backed by our diversified portfolio, strong capital position and expanding phygital reach, we 
are confident of our ability to deliver sustainable growth and long-term stakeholder value. 
Thank you for your continued trust and support. We would now be happy to take your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
Nischint Chawathe from Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. I know you alluded to this in your opening comments, but maybe 
if we can just walk through Slide #22 and maybe if you can just highlight what you are trying to 
communicate over here. 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Yes, thanks Nischint. What we were trying to show here is that, if you would remember, about 
two and a half years back, we had said that we wanted to be a little conservative because of 
what's happening in the economy as far as personal loans and other unsecured loans were 
concerned. At that point of time, we had gone conservative and had slowed down our growth 
rate. We reached a situation where, actually, in certain unsecured businesses, our book was de-
growing. We saw an improvement in asset quality from Quarter 1 of FY26 because of all the 
efforts which had been put in over the last two and a half years or so. And once we saw that, we 
started scaling up these businesses. 
But as you know, initially, we need to increase our disbursements, and the book growth follows 
because our runoff on the book was higher than the amount which we were disbursing. What we 
have tried to show here is that our disbursements are growing at a good pace. For example, in 
Quarter 1 of this year compared to Quarter 1 of last year, our disbursements have grown by 38%, 
and our book has grown by about 10%. 
If I go back a few quarters, our disbursement growth was lesser and the book growth was even 
lower. For example, in Quarter 3 of FY26, our disbursement growth was 13% and book growth 
was 4%, which has now improved to 38% and 10%. What we are also seeing below is that as 
our disbursement growth continues to increase, our book growth will catch up with the 
disbursement growth, which will mean that our proportion of unsecured book in the total 
portfolio will increase, helping us get to better NIMs and better margins. This is what we are 
trying to communicate. I hope that clarifies. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
So, 38% is essentially the disbursement of all the seven segments that you listed over there. 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Correct. If you look at the book growth, it's about 10%. If I exclude the Motor Finance business, 
which still will take another quarter or so to start growing, this growth is about 17% if I exclude. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
So, ideally, this is something which will be margin accretive and flows into the margins as we 
will grow. 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Correct. 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Now, I am trying to compare this with Slide #19, where we can see that Corporate Loan growth 
has also been pretty fast. And in fact, the share of Corporate Loans in the overall mix has been 
going up. I know you alluded to the fact that Retail and SME will be at around 85% of the book. 
So, how should we see an interplay of growth in high-yield kind of segments and growth in 
Corporate as well? And going by your opening commentary, can we say that Corporate segment 
has sort of maxed out now? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, Nischint, what we have said that our Retail and SME will form about 85% to 88% of our 
book, and we will remain within that corridor. I do agree probably we have maxed out on the 
Corporate and you should see more growth happening on Retail and SME. Retail obviously also 
includes Housing for us. The other thing is that in each of these businesses, which I mentioned 
last time also, that in each of these businesses, our effort is to increase margins. So, while we 
are trying to increase the proportion of high margin products, but even in the other products, 
whether they are SME products or Corporate or other even Prime Home Loans, in each of these 
products, the effort is to increase margins and we have started seeing an uptick happening there 
for us. So, it is going to be a combination of the proportion of high margin products growing 
plus margins improving in each of those businesses. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Got it. This clarifies. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Shreya Shivani from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on the quarter. I have two questions. First is 
on the provision coverage ratio across the product segments. I just wanted to understand for 
some of the segments, it has picked up a bit over the past couple of quarters. That is Personal 
Loan, Business Loan, even Corporate Segment; I think even in two-wheeler and construction 
equipment segments. So, any color around, have we created any overlays or this is just a function 
of how our PD-LGDs move, or have we revised our PD-LGDs, when do we revise it, etc. 
Second is on your gold loan book that you have acquired. If you can help us understand going 
ahead, what will be our strategy for FY27 on that in terms of the new geographies that you would 
be expanding into, with acquisition the team comes along with it. So, what would be the strategy 
of both of the teams in the gold loan segment? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, Shreya, I will cover the gold loans, and I will hand over the mic to Rakesh to talk more about 
the provision coverage ratio. 
As far as gold loans is concerned, we have made our application to RBI post the announcement 
and we are hoping to get the approval by the end of the calendar year. The business comes with 
a set of team members who are pretty experienced in this business and our effort would be to 
continue to grow that book. We had also, ourselves, planned to start our business organically, so 
that plan will mesh with this new acquisition, the two plans will mesh with each other. 
Obviously, the new branches which we will add will be in markets which are growing and 
markets which are behaving well on credit quality, that has been always our strategy. If I have 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
to put a number to it, post we getting all the approvals from RBI, if I were to look into the next 
two and a half to three years, we expect to add about 500 branches and also grow our portfolio 
to Rs. 4000-plus crores. 
Rakesh Bhatia: 
Thanks, Rakesh here. Coming back to your question on the PCR. PCR largely depends on the 
ageing of the assets which are in Stage-3. So, at Tata Capital, we follow a very prudential 
provisioning policy, where we do incremental provisions as the Stage-3 asset ages.  So, the 
increase in PCR is primarily on account of the mix of Stage-3 assets based on the ageing which 
happens once it hits Stage-3 after 90 days. We refresh our ECL grades quarterly, so this change 
is purely on account of the ageing of the Stage-3 assets, not anything material change in TTC, 
PD or LGDs basically. 
Shreya Shivani: 
But you revise your PD, LGDs quarterly, did I catch that right? 
Rakesh Bhatia: 
That's right, we refresh our ECL grades quarterly. For example, when we are doing for Quarter 
1, we refresh the data till March to do the calculation of Through-the-Cycle, PD and LGDs. 
Shreya Shivani: 
And how many years do you take into the calculation of the ECL, 60 months? 
Rakesh Bhatia: 
Yes, so it depends product-to-product, 5 to 7 years, I mean from the product life cycle 
perspective. And the LGD is historical-to-date. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Right, so the point is that your GS3 is probably not moved as much, but in some of the segments, 
the PCRs are picking up because maybe it is including some time periods which had elevated 
PDs, is that correct? Will that be correct? 
Rakesh Bhatia: 
No, so just to clarify, Shreya, what I said was suppose when an account goes into Stage-3, which 
is 90 days, we do a provision as per LGD. Once it ages, we do incremental provisioning and take 
it to 100% over a period of time. So, this mix of Stage-3 assets which are ageing within the 
Stage-3 causes the PCR to kind of move around 30 to 40 basis points from quarter-to-quarter. 
It's purely on account of the mix of the ageing of Stage-3 assets in a sense. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Okay, all right, understood, that is useful. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we take the next question, a request to participants to please limit your 
questions to two per participant so that the management is able to address questions from all 
participants in the conference. For follow-up questions, we request you to rejoin the queue. The 
next question is from Avinash Singh from Emkay Global Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Yes, good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. So, two questions. The first one is around capital. 
So, yes, you are going at pretty fast pace and that is kind of consuming some bit of capital. Your 
capital levels are pretty much above the regulatory requirement, but what would be your kind of 
comfort level, as far as Tier-1 is concerned, is close to 15.5%. Till what level, I mean, you are 
okay to operate, and then you would start to look to raise some capital. So, that's one first. 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
The second one partly, I guess, initially you answered responded to some kind of in question. 
But, if you are maxing out in Corporate, even if you were to look in this Quarter 1, typically 
Quarter 1 Corporate used to be weaker, but this time Quarter 1 on a relative basis, Corporate 
Loan book has grown strongly. Now, going forward also, there are kind of a space in Corporate 
where kind of a, because the large banks are very, very conservative or risk-averse, there is kind 
of a reasonable space available in the Corporate kind of a lending for large-scale NBFC or that 
lenders like you who has a cost of fund advantage. So, is this kind of a that, okay, the Corporate 
going to grow slower or at least not outgoing? Is this going to be the consistent strategy or there 
will be quarters where Corporate Loan growth can breach this 15% kind of a mark, the tactical 
long-term strategy on the Corporate side of it. Thanks. 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, let me answer the Corporate question, and I will request Rakesh to pitch in for the capital 
question. As far as our communication is concerned, I will repeat what I mentioned just 
sometime back that we expect Retail and SME to be between 85% to 88%, which means the 
balance would be Corporate. Now, obviously, there are certain quarters in which we may see 
better demand for Corporate. There will be certain quarters where we will see more demand 
coming in for Housing and other asset classes. So, the advantage of being present in all segments 
is that we can look at where the opportunity arises and tap it. But we are fairly confident that we 
will maintain Retail and SME within 85% to 88%. If we do originate more of Corporate, we will 
sell it down and syndicate it. But we will ensure that we keep the Retail and SME within the 
zone which I have mentioned. 
Rakesh Bhatia: 
Thanks, Rajiv. So, Avinash, I will take your question on the capital. So, when we look at our 
capital planning and the book growth, so there are two broad contours which we keep in mind, 
one as you rightly said, the regulatory ratios. So, at Tata Capital our endeavor is to operate at 
least 200 to 250 basis point above the mandated thresholds on the capital adequacy in the CET1s. 
And secondly is the consolidated debt-equity ratio. Now, if you look at the current quarter, we 
are at 5.3x debt-equity. If I look forward, we look at a consolidated debt-equity of around 6.2x 
to 6.3x. And this comes if you dissect my Housing entity, which normally has a debt-equity ratio 
of 7.2x to 7.3x, and within the NBFC is between 5.5x to 5.6x. So, on a consolidated basis, we 
look at a debt-equity ratio of around 6.2x to 6.3x. And if I look at the book growth, what we 
have guided to the street, I think we are well capitalized till June to September of 2028. 
Avinash Singh: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Avijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. Mr. 
Avijit, you may go ahead with the question. There seems to be no response from the line of Mr. 
Avijit Tibrewal. We will move to the next question. The next question is from Viral Shah from 
IIFL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Viral Shah: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions. Just one is, if you can call out if at all there 
was any impact of the calendar number of days on the margin in this quarter, more so on the 
interest expense part. 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
And second point, Rajiv, you articulated very well that the disbursement growth is basically 
picking up on the higher-yielding and higher-margin segments. Directionally, when do you 
expect this on a book basis, the growth to say, I would say, accelerate to a 25% kind of a number? 
Would it be possible by end of this year? And the second point, again, on this point is that have 
we taken any increase in the, say, SME or Corporate book? Have we taken any rate hikes? And 
if not, then when do we plan to take that? And what could be the kind of reset period over there? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, let me answer the second and third questions before I request Rakesh to pitch in for the first 
one. As far as the contribution of high-yield products, we expect to be there by Quarter 3 or 
Quarter 4 of this year, but definitely in this financial year, where our unsecured book will 
probably grow at a pace which is faster than the overall book growth. 
The second question on rate hike, actually, we have not done any PLR hike for any of the 
businesses. What we have done is looked at how we can improve margin in our existing 
businesses. So, because our cost of funds is showing an increase, for all our incremental lending, 
we are looking at doing these deals at a better pricing so that our NIMs increase, which means 
that margins grow a little more than the cost of fund growth. So, that is our strategy. Actually, 
that strategy is there not only in MSME, but in all our businesses. That's the approach we have 
taken right from Housing to Retail to SME to Corporate. Regarding the first question Rakesh if 
you can. 
Rakesh Bhatia: 
Yes, so Viral, I think there's no impact as such on number of days between Q4 and Q1, to your 
question. Got it. 
Viral Shah: 
And just if I may, one more question. Can I just squeeze in one more? 
Rakesh Bhatia: 
Yes, go ahead. 
Viral Shah: 
On the asset quality front, so the disclosures that you give with regards to the monthly collection 
efficiencies, I think pretty much it is holding up across most of the segments. Just wanted to 
check with regards to the bounce rates. Are you seeing any change versus when we last met a 
month, month and a half back, is there any incremental changes over there across any of the 
segments? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Actually, Viral, on that we only have good news that our bounce rates continue to improve 
month-on-month. That's been the trend, including this current month. 
Viral Shah: 
Got it. Thanks a lot. And all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Anand Dama from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Anand Dama: 
Yes, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, AUM growth is somewhere about 22%-odd. And 
you said that the Motor Finance book, which is shrinking at this point of time, should also start 
reversing from 3rd Quarter onwards. Then should we end the year somewhere about 23% to 
24%? Is that the right way to look at it? 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Yes, Anand, our guidance was 23% to 25% and we should be on track with that. 
Anand Dama: 
And secondly, we have been doing Microfinance. There are other products that we are doing, 
but what is the right to win for particularly us in Microfinance? Isn't it too risky a book for us to 
do at this point of time? And if you can just also talk about like you just stick to JLG model, are 
you also looking at individual lending model? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Our model is JLG model. That would be 99.9% of that. As far as right-to-win is concerned, I 
think it is more about the whole operations of the business. I think in this business, what is very 
important is to do the right KYC, look at the source of income of the borrowers, ensure that you 
are there on time with all tools available for digital collections. And that is where we have 
worked on to make the whole process paperless and to ensure that we continue to stay with our 
good customers and also add new customers. We have also strengthened our process of 
evaluating the income of the borrowers. And we do believe that this business has an opportunity 
for us to scale up more. Today it forms less than 1% of our book. So, it's not very large. Since 
we intend growing this, as well as our other businesses, we do believe that for in the foreseeable 
future that this will continue to be less than 2% of our book. 
Anand Dama: 
Sure. And for the credit cost guidance that you have been giving about 1%, do you believe that 
given the macro conditions and that you are entering into a lot of new spaces, new products, you 
will be able to hold on to this credit cost guidance? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Yes. So, actually, if you look at the new product which we have entered, it's probably more safer 
than the others, the gold business. And all indicators on portfolio quality continue to remain 
strong. So, we are fairly confident of keeping the credit costs within the guidance which we have 
given. 
Anand Dama: 
Sure, sir. That's very helpful. Thank you. 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Anuj Singla from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Anuj Singla: 
Thank you. Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a strong set of 
numbers. So, a couple of questions from my side. The first is on margins. So, Rajiv, you did call 
out a couple of initiatives like increasing the unsecured mix as well as higher yields in the 
existing segment. But also, you mentioned in your opening remarks regarding the funding 
environment being tight. So, when we look at the interplay of these two towards next three 
quarters, can you give us some color on how do you see the margins evolving maybe versus the 
1Q level? How do we see the margins moving over the next three quarters? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, if you look at what's happening today and how cost of funds are moving, our belief is this, 
that in this year, on an overall basis, we may see a cost of fund increase of closer to about 8 to 
10 basis points. That is our expectation. As far as our margins are concerned, we are trying to 
improve our margins through two methods, as I mentioned to you. One is obviously the fact that 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
you grow your proportion of high yield products. But the second one is also that in each of the 
existing businesses, we have identified subsegments and opportunities to grow our margins 
there. So, we will look at growing our margins or yields at a faster pace than our cost of fund 
increase. So, during the current year, we expect margins to improve by about 10 basis points. 
Anuj Singla: 
Okay. Thank you very much. That's very clear. The second thing is, I think on the credit cost 
side, typically there's some kind of seasonality, which we see in 1Q for most of the players. And 
you have already delivered on your credit cost guidance of 1%. So, as we go through the year, 
do you think you can deliver much better on a full year basis? Because the starting point itself 
is very, very benign. So, how should we see the trajectory there? It should be much better than 
what your guidance has been, right? Can we see a number of, let's say, 80 basis points or 90 
basis points for the whole year? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Actually, I will tell you the strategy which we are working with. We know that excluding Motor 
Finance, we are at an ROA of about 2.5%. And including Motor Finance, we are at an ROA of 
about 2.3%. We want to increase this with every passing year. And we do believe that it will 
come largely through a combination of operating leverage and margin improvement. And we 
are working on both of these. More should come from margin improvement, for example, two-
thirds should come from margin improvement and one-third from operating leverage. Whatever 
comes further from credit cost will be a bonus. We are not factoring that in. Our effort will be 
to reduce, but that will be a bonus. All right. 
Anuj Singla: 
And last question, if I may, I think a commendable job on the turnaround of the Tata Motors 
Finance portfolio. So, can you give us some color on your, let's say, you had a stated objective 
of 1% ROA. Is there a change in timeline given the stellar delivery we have done there? Thank 
you. 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, see, we had given a guidance of reaching a 2% ROA by FY28. And at this point of time, we 
want to stick to the same objective and plan of doing so, which means that in this year, we will 
look at, like, we became profitable in this business from Quarter 4 of last year. In Quarter 1 also, 
the Motor Finance business is profitable, despite some seasonal increase in credit cost. We 
expect to get to a reasonable ROA. I don't want to give out a number at this point of time, but 
we want to stay with our stated objective of getting to a 2% ROA by FY28. 
Anuj Singla: 
All right. Thank you. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Sajal Raj from Zenflow Finance. Please go ahead. 
Sajal Raj: 
Good evening, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. My question is on the gold loan business. So, the 
gold loan market is already quite competitive. The established players are delivering strong 
growth. What differentiated opportunity do you see for the Tata Capital? And how do you plan 
to carve out market share, despite being a relatively late entrant? 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, Sajal, first of all, all businesses in India are competitive. Actually, I am yet to find a business 
which is not competitive. So, I think our advantage lies on a few aspects. One, obviously, our 
brand, which signifies trust. Second, we do believe that our cost of funds gives us an advantage. 
Third, we have been very strong on technology and operational excellence. And that is what is 
very important in this business. In fact, if there is one thing which I want to call out at the top of 
our strategy is basically operational excellence and use of technology. And that is what we will 
put to full use in this business. And through a combination of that and our brand and cost of 
funds, we do believe we can scale up well in this business. In this business also, we will follow 
a similar strategy. We become very confident of how this business needs to be done, get our 
hands dirty and get it right, and then start scaling up faster. 
Sajal Raj: 
Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Sonal Gandhi from AMSEC. Please go ahead. 
Sonal Gandhi: 
Hey, thank you for taking my questions. So, my first question is on disbursement accounting for 
your mortgage book. So, do you do it on check disbursement or at a clearance? And the second 
one is on the ECLGS file. So, do we expect MSME book to grow a little faster? when we talk 
about Retail plus MSME? Sorry, is my voice clear? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
What was the second question sorry, Sonal. 
Sonal Gandhi: 
So, my second question is on ECLGS scheme that has come. So, should we expect MSME book 
will grow faster as compared to the overall book? And how was your experience in the earlier 
ECLGS scheme? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, one, we take in mortgages, or any product, we take basically from clearance only, not from 
disbursement. Second is this, that as far as the ECLGS scheme of the Government was 
concerned, I think the first scheme was very well executed. I should compliment the Government 
for the timeliness of the scheme, and also on how they have fulfilled all the promises they had 
made. The current scheme, we are looking at our customers, we have started made the product, 
started disbursing in the same. The initial numbers are small at this point of time, but they are 
growing with every passing month. But for each of these customers, we do evaluate every case 
and look at this is going to be the money which we are lending out to the customer through this 
scheme is going to be accretive in their business. If yes, we do extend it. And we try to make the 
process very simple for the customer. So, that is because it's our money also, and it's not that 
everything is going to come from the Government. So, we do evaluate each case. 
Sonal Gandhi: 
Yes, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Yes, sorry for the last time. I think there was some technical difficulties. Rajiv sir first thing on 
the OPEX. In the opening remarks, I think we mentioned a cost-to-income ratio of 36.4, which 
is a good sequential improvement. But there's also that component of your non-interest income, 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
basically net gain on fair value changes, which I am assuming which are investments on 
investments in mutual funds. So, to that extent, if I look at the YoY growth in OPEX today, it's 
still at 21% versus, let's say, an overall even growth of 22% for us. And this is on the back of 
stronger growth that we are seeing in Corporate, stronger growth that we are seeing in SME, 
which I am assuming are inherently lower OPEX businesses, lower margin and lower OPEX 
businesses as well. So, when do you think this OPEX growth that we are seeing at 21% right 
now, it's lower than the even growth? So, you remember, you just mentioned that the ROA 
improvement, two-thirds of it will come from operating leverage and one-third from margin 
expansion. So, when can we start seeing this stronger operating leverage or OPEX 
improvement? 
Rakesh Bhatia: 
Yes, so Abhijit, this is Rakesh. I will take your question. So, I think, I mean, as Rajiv mentioned 
in the opening remarks, that Q1-to-Q1 is not comparable because we have changed our appraisal 
cycle. To that extent, you see a growth of OPEX by 21%. If we normalize for that, the YoY 
growth will start at 16%, not 21% what you alluded to. And as Rajiv alluded that we have been 
investing on AI and digital initiatives across our underwriting collections and sales. We see the 
benefits accruing every quarter and going forward, you will see this cost-to-income ratio coming 
down. And we have guided that by FY28, we will be at 33% to 34% on cost-to-income ratio. 
And as Rajiv mentioned that from the current ROA of 2.3% to the guided ROA of 2.6%, two-
thirds will come from the margins and one-third will come from the OPEX optimization which 
will happen basically. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
So, two-thirds come from margins expansion and one-third comes from OPEX. 
Rakesh Bhatia: 
That's right. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Well, that's useful. Thanks for that clarification. And Rakesh, again, the other thing is on the 
cost of borrowings. I think Rajiv mentioned earlier we are expecting 8 to 10 basis points increase 
in the cost of borrowings this year. So, let's assume that the cost of borrowings will be higher in 
the first half and then lower in the second half. I am just trying to understand, have you already 
seen some signs of that because the last quarter basically was very, very volatile, whether it was 
bank borrowings, whether it was debt market borrowings. I think everywhere, wherever you 
borrowed, the costs were higher. So, have you seen anything in the last one, one and a half 
months, which is giving that confidence that maybe second half borrowing costs should turn 
lower? 
Rakesh Bhatia: 
As you rightly said, the first half of or last week of March and first half of April was quite 
volatile. Things have settled now. And whatever incremental borrowings are happening, we are 
able to kind of judge the rates. And as Rajiv mentioned, across all businesses, we are increasing 
our disbursable IRRs to make sure that we protect the margins. So, we don't see that anything 
on the cost of funds which can disturb our margin expansion story and will grow the book in a 
calibrated way and it will be guided as per the margin which we quoted on the call. 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, just to add, I don't think so there is any upfronting or otherwise. If you look on a daily average 
basis, what will happen is whatever is coming due for repayment, when you are raising fresh  
money there, they are coming at a slightly higher cost than what they were coming at a year back 
or two years back. So, that is a change. So, when I am telling you 8 to 10 basis points, this is 
basically an average increase for the year calculated on a daily average basis. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
And the last question I had was on the Motor Financing business. For the last three quarters, the 
disbursement mix that you put out in slide 34, the Used proportion is around 40%. So, I mean, 
are we finding some resistance there in terms of the market to competition or is it just temporary? 
And I think one of the points that you mentioned in that same slide is that price difference 
between new and initial price have narrowed after the GST rate rationalization. So, just trying 
to understand your thoughts around the Used proportion in the mix. Does that inch up from here 
after stabilizing for some time or this is like the max that you have from this business? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, our strategy there is to keep Used at about 40-42% in that range. As far as the mix between 
HCV and ILMSCV will change. The proportion of ILMSCV will increase and the proportion of 
HCV will reduce. So, that is what will happen. So, that is one because of mix. The second thing 
which we are saying is that in each of these segments also we have increased the rates and we 
will get better yields from each one of them. So, a combination of better yield from each one of 
them and the mix change is what will get us better margins. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
So, in this one last clarification, after we receive RBI approval for the acquisition that we have 
done in gold financing, as you mentioned on the slide, this will be a subsidiary of Tata Capital. 
So, after that, any plans of renaming, rebranding it or will gold loans continue to be offered 
under the brand of Yogloans? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, actually speaking, the moment we get the approvals for it to become our subsidiary, it will 
become a Tata Capital company and that is what it will be known by. And as far as the long-
term plan is concerned, we will finally consolidate this within Tata Capital. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
You got it. That's absolutely useful. Thank you so much, sir, for answering all my questions and 
I wish you and your team the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Vijay Sharma from Laxmi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vijay Sharma: 
So, on Slide #22 where we have mentioned Affordable, Micro and LAP, so that is referring to 
the Affordable Housing and Micro Housing? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Yes. 
Vijay Sharma: 
So, the rates that we have mentioned for Affordable and Micro, so Affordable specifically is 11 
and 12, so which is slightly lower than what the listed peers are there in the Affordable Housing 
space. Is this a conscious decision taken by us, leveraging the lower cost of borrowing? Is that 
the way to think about it? 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, Vijay, there are players who operate at even lower than this and there are players who operate 
at slightly higher than this. I think our approach is to get the customers of the credit profile we 
are comfortable with, which do not give much of delinquency. And that's the reason we have 
chosen this segment. So, we obviously have the advantage of cost of funds, which helps us get 
to a better ROA, but it is also a choice of the nature of credit we want. Within this, Micro gives 
us a better yield. And in terms of our growth of business, while we are growing both of them, 
we will be growing the Micro more than we will be growing the Affordable in terms of growth 
rate. 
Vijay Sharma: 
I mean, the Micro Is evident. I mean, QoQ, there is a 14% increase and that has increased quite 
faster. But on an overall basis, because as you mentioned that in the 22nd slide, that it is a high 
margin business and therefore you want to scale that. Because the ticket size also that is 
mentioned in Slide #30, 18 lakhs, is approximately slightly higher, not almost equivalent to the 
listed players in the Affordable segment, but the rate was slightly lower. So, that was just a 
clarification. In the Micro Housing but is the ticket size then significantly lower than 18 lakhs 
or what would be the, then because if you are saying interest is at 15 lakhs to 16 lakhs. 
Rajiv Sabharwal : 
It's half of that, about 9 lakhs. 
Vijay Sharma: 
Okay, understood, understood. So, what would be as a percentage of the total book or maybe of 
the Tata Housing book that you would be targeting this to take say two years down the line or is 
there a AUM or numerical target where would this whole book of which is at approximately 
17,000 to say two years or three years down the line? 
Sarosh Amaria: 
Yes, so this is Sarosh here. So, currently this book is around Rs. 1200 crores and we plan to 
grow it by 100% for this financial year and maybe another 50% to 60% for the subsequent year. 
So, that will be our growth plans for the AUM growth for Micro Housing. 
Vijay Sharma: 
And the Affordable? 
Sarosh Amaria: 
Combined, we will be growing at closer to around 30% in this segment between Affordable and 
Micro. 
Vijay Sharma: 
Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Viral Shah from IIFL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Viral Shah: 
Yes, hi, thanks for the opportunity to allow me to get me back for the questions. Just one 
clarification I wanted, Rajiv, you highlighted with regards to the NIMs that you expect a 10-bps 
kind of an increase in NIMs from here on. So, is this basically on a full year basis or basically 
from say 1Q level that we are at? And secondly, does this factor in any benefit that we may get 
from say the potential repo rate hike if it happens given that we would be a net beneficiary with 
a 70% kind of a floating rate book? 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, on floating rate, things are clear that in case the rates increase, we will pass on the increase. 
If they drop, we will obviously pass on the drop in our cost of funds. So, we are targeting a 10 
bps NIMs increase for the whole year. 
Viral Shah: 
Okay, and you are not baking in any policy rate actions in your guidance, right? 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
So, we are saying that policy rates, we will be neutral to them. In case they drop, we will pass 
on in case they go up, we will increase. Because of the mix, we get any benefits. Again, we will 
we will enjoy that benefit. 
Viral Shah: 
But isn't that typically somewhat of a lead lag effect that you typically see, right? If there is a 
policy rate hike, of course, you will be repricing the book, whereas your cost of funds will take 
time for it to inch up to the extent of the policy hike. Just I was reflecting on that. 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
You are right Viral on that point. It's just that it's very difficult to pencil in an increase when you 
don't know whether it's going to happen or not, or how much increase will happen. So, since that 
has not happened, we have not penciled in that in our calculations. 
Rakesh Bhatia: 
And Viral just to supplement the other thing on our bank loans, we moved away from MCLR to 
Repo and T-bills largely. And our assets on the asset side, all our floating loans are linked to our 
PLRs basically. So, to that extent, we time it and we make sure that there's no negative drag 
which comes on this. 
Viral Shah: 
Got it. That clarifies a lot. And just a second clarification, Rajiv, I just wanted. On the OPEX 
front, you did call out that adjusted for the appraisal cycle change, it was a 16% kind of an 
increase. What is the kind of, say, operating leverage that we anticipate, I would say, for this 
year? I know you have given FY28 guidance. And if you could give that on more on, say, the 
cost-to-asset basis, that will be quite helpful. 
Rakesh Bhatia: 
I think for, as Rajiv mentioned, from here to FY28, the incremental ROA delta will come one-
third from OPEX Viral and two-third from the margins. From here on till for the year end, I 
think it'll be like 3 to 4 bps, which will come on the OPEX as we look at reducing cost income 
sequentially. 
Viral Shah: 
Got it. And that's very clear. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to the Management Team for any closing comments. 
Rajiv Sabharwal: 
Thank you so much. I think the year has started off very well with the 1st Quarter. If you ask me, 
usually we do not see such a good 1st Quarter. It's been good on all aspects, on growth, on 
operating leverage, and on credit costs. I think on all fronts, it's been a very good quarter. And a 
good quarter is helpful in many ways because that book, if you are able to create a good book 
growth in Quarter 1, it remains with you for the whole year. So, it's accretive on the income side. 

 
Tata Capital Limited 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
The second thing, I think we have started seeing a very good advantage from the deployment of 
AI in a number of projects which we have done. We have this time tried to list out the benefits 
which we are getting in our Investor Presentation. We also believe that the addition of gold loans 
is the right product which will help us in both on the growth side as well as on the margin side. 
With things looking very good on all segments, Housing, Retail, SME and Corporate, we are 
fairly, I would say, optimistic on meeting our guidance which we have given to the market. 
We would like to thank all of you for all the support which you have given us. I would also like 
to thank a lot of you who, when you meet us, tell us what more we can do and how we can 
become better. All of this is beneficial to us. 
And I would like to thank Ambit for arranging this call and everyone here for joining in and 
supporting us. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Tata Capital, that concludes the conference. Thank you for 
joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Note 
This transcript has been lightly edited for clarity and accuracy. 
Disclaimer 
This document is being furnished solely for your information and may not be reproduced or redistributed to any other person 
or used without the express consent of Tata Capital Ltd. (“Company”). The term “Company” shall include its subsidiaries 
unless repugnant to the context. This document only contains general information on the Company and does not purport to 
contain all the information. Forward looking statements contained herein regarding past trends or activities or future business 
plans, strategy, financial condition, growth prospects or developments in industry, competitive or regulatory environment 
should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. There is no obligation to update 
or revise any forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to 
a number of factors. This document does not constitute a prospectus, offering circular or offering memorandum or an offer to 
acquire any securities or instruments and nothing in this document be construed as advice or solicitation to invest in the 
Company or any of its instruments or securities or otherwise. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, 
directors, employees, agents or representatives makes any warranty or representation as to the completeness of the information 
contained herein (including statements of opinion and expectation) or as to the reasonableness of any assumptions contained 
herein and shall not be liable for any loss or damage (direct or indirect) suffered as a result of reliance upon any statements 
contained in, or any omission here-from. By viewing this document or by accepting any copy thereof or any part thereof, you 
agree to be bound by the foregoing terms. 
 
