 
 
 
July 22, 2026 
       
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited (“BSE”) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 544799  
NSE Symbol: TURTLEMINT   
ISIN: INE0OC301013 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“NSE”)  
“Exchange Plaza”, C/1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of Q4 & Full Year FY26 Results Earnings Call 
held on Friday, July 17, 2026. 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
In reference to our intimation dated July 14, 2026, and pursuant to Regulation 30 (read with Para 
A of Part A of Schedule III) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we would like to inform you that the Company had 
organized an Earnings Call with respect to Q4 & Full Year FY 26 Results on Friday, July 17, 2026 at 
06:30 P.M. (IST).  
 
A copy of transcript of Q4 & Full Year FY26 Earnings Call is enclosed herewith and the same has 
also been uploaded on the Company's website at www.turtlemint.com  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You 
For Turtlemint Fintech Solutions Limited  
(Formerly known as Turtlemint Fintech Solutions Private Limited and Fintech Blue Solutions 
Private Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Prashant Saini  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A23769  
 
Encl: As above 
'|'
turtlemint
Turtlemint Fir tech Solutions Limited
(formerly known as Turtlemint Fir tech Solutions Private Limited and Fir tech Blue Solutions Private Limited)
Registered Office: The ORB - Sahar, 4 and PA 1st Floor, A Wing, Marol Village, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400099, Maharashtra, India
CIN: U74999MH2015PLC263315 | Email: companysecretary@turtlemint.com | Website: www.turtlemint.com
PRASHANT 
SAINI
Digitally signed by 
PRASHANT SAINI 
Date: 2026.07.22 18:21:50 
+05'30'

1 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
          Event Date/Time     : 17/07/2026, 18.30 Hrs. IST 
Event Duration        : 80 minutes 1 seconds 
 
 
MANAGEMENT DETAILS:  
 
Mr. Dhirendra Mahyavanshi 
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
Mr. Anand Prabhudesai 
Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer 
 
Mr. Badrinarayan Sanjeevi 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Nitin Garewal 
Head – Investor Relations 
 
'|'
turtlemint

2 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
Q&A PARTICIPANTS: 
 
1. Prayesh Jain  
 
: Motilal Oswal Securities Limited 
2. Satvik Kanabar 
 
: Jeffries India 
3. Shubham Prajapati 
 
: ICICI Securities Limited 
4. Shubham Karvande  
: JM Financial 
5. Rahil Bharat Shah 
 
: HSBC 
6. Nidhesh Jain  
 
: Investec India 
7. Nischint Chawathe 
 
: Kotak Institutional Equities 
8. Divyansh Jaju  
 
: Trinetra Asset Managers 
9. Mokshit 
 
 
: Shriram Family Office 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

3 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening, and welcome to the Turtlemint Fintech Solutions Earnings 
Conference Call for Q4 and full year FY26. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please 
note, this call is being recorded.  
I would now like to hand over the conference to Mr. Nitin Garewal, Head Investor Relations. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir.  
 
Nitin Garewal 
Good evening, everyone. Welcome to Turtlemint's first earnings call post our listing, and thank you for 
joining us today for the discussion of our Q4 and full year results for the financial year ending March, 2026. 
Joining with me on the call are Mr. Dhirendra Mahyavanshi, Chairperson, MD and CEO; Mr. Anand 
Prabhudesai, Executive Director & COO; and Mr. Badri Sanjeevi, Chief Financial Officer.  
We would like to highlight that the management may make certain statements that may be forward-
looking in nature. Please be advised that our actual results may differ from these statements. We do not 
guarantee these statements or results and are not obliged to update them at any point of time.  
We will begin with Dhirendra, who will share our vision and business model. Anand will then talk us about 
our digitization and AI initiatives, and Badri will walk you through the financial highlights. After that, we 
will open the floor for the Q&A. Let me hand it over to Dhirendra.  
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
Thank you, Nitin, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to our first earnings call. Since this is our first 
call, we will start with a quick brief of the company.  
We started Turtlemint with a mission to make insurance simple, accessible, and trusted for every Indian 
household. Over the last 11 years, we have worked relentlessly towards this mission and have scaled our 
platform into one of the leading digital insurance distribution companies. In India, insurance is significantly 
underpenetrated and, hence, provides an immense opportunity for growth. We believe a tech enabled 
adviser led model is best suited for reaching underserved segments of the market. Turtlemint is uniquely 
positioned to achieve the vision of, “Insurance for All by 2047.”  
Our thesis that customers need advisory and guidance support in selecting insurance products. This is 
reflected in data which states that assisted distribution accounts for over 95% of all retail insurance sales 
in India. Our platform today connects 6.5 plus lakh advisors, whom we call digital partners, 46 insurance 
companies, and policyholders spanning 19,000 plus PIN codes across India. This triadic ecosystem creates 

4 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
value for every stakeholder. Policyholders benefit from choice, expert guidance, claim support, especially 
in Tier 3, Tier 4, or B30 markets, where trust and assistance are critical.  
Digital partners get products of multiple insurance companies to distribute, digital tools, training, income 
opportunities, and a long-term career path in insurance. Insurers get reach, granular underwriting, and 
scale in a cost-efficient way.  
Our growth strategy is anchored in our ability to recruit individuals at scale, seamlessly onboard them 
onto our Turtlemint Pro platform, handhold them in their training, give them skills and tools to get 
activated. We help them start producing and learn the necessary skills to improve productivity YoY, and 
create a long-term career path in insurance.  
In other words, we do what is called RAP, Recruit, Activate, and Produce. This, we are now able to do at 
scale and have created a repeatable growth engine. This tech enabled digital partners are diversified and 
are present in the last mile in the country. Our network is granular, such that the top 100 contribute less 
than 5% of the business. While insurance remains our core, we also started distributing other financial 
products like mutual funds and loans. These are adjacencies given our large customer base and wide DP 
network. Our enterprise solution in the form of Turtlefin further increases our offerings and contributes 
to overall growth.  
Now, some key highlights of FY26 and Q4. FY26, for us, was a strong year of performance. Our platform 
premium grew from INR 2,946 crores to INR 3,868 crores. Our revenue grew from INR 700 crores to INR 
1,098 crores, just INR 2 crores short of 1,100, and growth was 57%. Our renewal revenue grew by 51% to 
INR 225 crores. Service EBITDA grew 70% to INR 142 crores.  
In Q4, revenue grew 42% to reach INR 357 crores, and service EBITDA grew by about 60% to reach INR 60 
crores. We are also happy to announce, in Q4, that this was our first breakeven quarter ever at an adjusted 
EBITDA level on a consolidated basis. Historically, we have executed on all key tenets of our business. This 
is reflected in the last 6-year data of our key parameters. Since FY20, our quarterly active DPs have grown 
from 7,000 to approximately 84,000 at a CAGR of 64%.  
Our verified DPs grew from 1.2 lakh to 6.5 lakh at a CAGR of 41%. Revenue has grown from INR 163 crores 
in FY20 to now close to INR 1,100 crores at a CAGR of 46%. Looking ahead, we'll continue to execute as 
we have done historically. Our key focus areas will be to deepen our penetration in the B30 markets, 
leverage technology and AI to drive efficiencies and scale, expand our product suite, strengthen our brand, 
and invest strategically, including partnerships and acquisitions that enhance our capabilities.  
With that, let me now hand it over to Anand, who will share how digitization and AI are powering this 
model and transforming experiences for both customers and partners.  
 
 
 

5 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
Anand Rohidas Prabhudesai 
Thank you, Dhirendra, and a very good evening to everyone. As Dhirendra mentioned, this is a really proud 
moment for all of us at Turtlemint. I would like to extend my gratitude to each of you for supporting us 
and making our IPO a successful one.  
At Turtlemint, technology has always been the backbone of our business. Over the past few years, we 
have accelerated our digitization and AI driven initiatives, ensuring that we stay at the forefront of 
insurance distribution. Our tech led platform connects customers, advisors, and insurance companies in 
a seamless manner, and we believe that tech enabled assisted selling will be critical in realizing the vision 
of, “Insurance for All by 2047”.  
To support this model, we have built a strong digital ecosystem for our advisors. I'd like to describe it 
briefly. Firstly, we have Turtlemint Academy for mobile based training. We see an average of 52,000 plus 
monthly active users consuming over 6,500 hours of training content every month on this platform across 
products, claims handling, and selling skills. Turtlemint Academy enables us to certify and activate more 
than 5,000 new sellers each month and to equip them with the confidence to face customers.  
Second is our customer engagement tools that enable advisors to share personalized posters, videos, and 
other content to engage with customers. Over 1.25 million pieces of content are shared each month in 8 
regional languages, helping our digital partners generate leads and engage with customers in their social 
networks through WhatsApp and Facebook, and do this at scale.  
And third is our digital transaction infrastructure, which powers over 8 lakh quotes generated daily, with 
policies issued across 40 insurers, enabling a 100% paperless journey. So, our technology platforms are 
also the most widely adopted in the country. The Turtlemint Pro app crossed 5 million downloads on 
Google Play last year, making it the number one highest downloaded app among insurance seller apps 
with a strong 4.5-star rating.  
We've also built proprietary Ninja Sales Pro app, which is an internal sales and ops CRM application that 
equips our relationship managers and frontline staff with AI powered dashboards, tools, and training 
modules to support, recruit, and activate our digital partners. These initiatives have enabled us to improve 
the productivity of our frontline staff consistently by 20% plus each year, which contributes to improved 
service EBITDA margins.  
Beyond this, we've also invested in building core infrastructure solutions like our Insurance Hub, which 
streamlines policy issuance and integrations across our 40 plus insurer partners in a fully paperless 
manner. And through Turtlefin, our enterprise distribution platform, we are also enabling banks, NBFCs, 
FinTechs, and other enterprises to digitize their insurance in their ecosystems through plug and play 
modules and a robust one API solution.  
We also have a consumer app, which helps customers simplify insurance management. We are now 
actively working on building agentic AI enabled services to drive our key KPIs, which is increasing agent 

6 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
activation and productivity, higher cross sells and renewals, superior customer service, and much better 
claims support. We will update you on these developments from time to time.  
With that, let me now hand it over to Badri, who will walk you through the financial highlights of Q4 and 
FY26.  
 
Badrinarayan Sanjeevi 
Thank you, Anand, and good evening, everyone. As Dhirendra and Anand highlighted, FY26 was a strong 
year of growth, improving margins, achieving key profitability milestones, and continuing to improve our 
cash conversion cycles.  
Before I start with the actual commentary on the numbers, there is an important point regarding FY25 
financials I want to highlight, what is included in this presentation deck. Our FY25 financial numbers and 
financial KPIs are on a pro forma basis, consistent with our disclosures in the RHP. The reason for the pro 
forma is that the listed entity, TFS, in FY25 acquired a material subsidiary, Turtlemint Insurance Broking, I 
will refer to that as TIB on May 8th, 2024. So, the audited financials have consolidated TIB for 328 days 
and not 365 days.  
Hence, for the purpose of providing comparative financials, we compare one whole year with the prior 
year whole year. We have presented numbers in this presentation on a pro forma basis. Our prospectus 
has detailed this pro forma presentation extensively. In this presentation file, wherever the numbers are 
on pro forma, they have been clearly highlighted.  
Moving on to the summary slide, the premium for the year, FY26, as Dhirendra highlighted earlier, is INR 
3,868 crores, and this has grown by 31% YoY. This is a combination of premium generated by our PoSPs, 
which is generated in an insurance broking subsidy, and premium generated by enterprise partners in our 
Turtlefin business, who are also insurance distributors. This PoSP premium has grown at a healthy rate of 
more than 40% in FY26. We deliver on revenues.  
We delivered one of the strongest growth years in revenue terms in FY26, where operating revenue of 
INR 1,098 crores has grown by 57% over the prior year. Service EBITDA has grown faster than our revenues 
in the last few years. In FY26, service EBITDA has grown at 70% over the prior year to reach INR 142 crores. 
This is approximately 13% of our revenues.  
In this slide, the graph that you see indicates a number of digital partners who are active on our platform 
on a rolling 90-day basis. We call this metric internally as the P3M Active or the prior 3-month active. This 
number, as at the end of March 31, 2026 was above 93,000, and this active digital partner base has grown 
at a CAGR of 51% over the last seven years as can be seen in the graph.  
This growth comes primarily from strong retention of digital partners on our network and new 
recruitment during the year. Our premium generation and revenue growth closely reflects this growth of 

7 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
active digital partners. It's a strong indicator of our near-term performance that can also be expected from 
the company.  
A second key metric on this slide is intended to reflect the granularity of our digital partner network, what 
you see on the top right-hand side. As of March 31, 2026, the top 100 digital partners have generated 
4.62% of our platform premium. Our digital partners are present in all the 19,000 codes, and this 
granularity helps us achieve high policyholder contactability and, hence, strengthen our ability to service 
our policyholders better and secure high rates of premiums.  
Slide 43 in the deck is a key metric that indicates how the earnings of our digital partners on the platform 
continues to grow YoY. In the rows, you see the cohorts of digital partners from years '20 to '26.  
As you can see, across each of these cohorts, our digital partners' earnings continue to increase YoY on 
our platform. 
Our digital partner onboarded in FY20 is earning up to 3.8 times of his initial earnings on our platform. 
This growth in earnings is facilitated by growing familiarity with our platform, ability to confidently sell 
products across multiple insurance companies, sell products across multiple categories of assets, and 
securing the renewal of policies as they fall due.  
This is the data points that Dhirendra mentioned in his opening comments. I will not spend more time  
on that, but to indicate that over the last six years, we have enjoyed strong CAGR growth rates on whether 
it is verified digital partners on our network or active digital partners or premium and revenue  
from operations.  
The next two slides, I'll jump straight into our financial performance. What these two slides give us is 
details on our growth in revenues and service EBITDA. I'll take this opportunity to explain what service 
EBITDA is in detail and why we have used this metric.  
Service EBITDA is our measure of profitability after accounting for all the variable cost of our business. 
These variable costs include commissions that we pay to our PoSP partners, the campaigns that we run 
with them, the selling and distribution costs, particularly the frontline team costs who are involved in 
engaging with the partners, and direct-tech API costs that we incur in production of the policies. This 
metric is unique and, in some ways, reflective of the unique business model of Turtlemint.  
Turtlemint has aggregated thousands of producers on our platform, and we needed a way to show clearly 
the economics of this producer network that includes the commission cost, and the cost of the operating 
infrastructure required to support this base of producers. Service EBITDA for us has grown at a pace and 
faster than the revenue growth rate historically for us, and I'll elaborate more on that shortly.  
Hence, improvement in service EBITDA is a strong indicator of how historically we have improved our 
adjusted EBITDA impact. Beyond these costs that are in service EBITDA is what we call corporate 
overheads. Corporate overheads include people’s costs, marketing and other expenses.  

8 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
These people costs are the teams that build our intellectual property, whether it is our technology teams 
or brand teams.  
And, of course, it includes the other corporate and compliance teams. These costs, by nature, do not 
expand with the number of transactions on the platform, and hence, we have been able to see strong 
operating leverage. These corporate overheads have been shrinking significantly as a percentage of 
revenues over the last three years.  
Now, I'll move on to the specific highlights for FY26 first and then Q4. Revenue, as mentioned earlier, has 
grown by 57%, while service EBITDA for the year has grown by 70% to about INR 142 crores for the whole 
year. Just as an operating context, service EBITDA was at a loss of INR 65 crores in FY23. From that position, 
when we were incurring a loss, our service EBITDA has expanded rapidly. Service EBITDA now is at 13% 
for the full year of FY26.  
Now on the slide, you can see performance for Q4 FY26. Our revenues were INR 357 crores for Q4, and 
we said growing by 42% over the prior year. Service EBITDA at INR 60 crores has grown by 60% over the 
prior year. There are two key levers for expansion of service EBITDA. One is the growth rate of growth of 
our renewal revenues, and that's the number that Dhirendra alluded to earlier, which has grown by about 
50% over the prior year. And second is the improving productivity of the relationship managers whose 
cost we include within service EBITDA.  
Our premium productivity for frontline employees in the last one year has grown by over 20%. This has 
been possible by investments that we have done in our tech platforms. With the vast majority of our 
policies being end-to-end digitally issued on our platform by our PoSP partners, it increases the number 
of partners that our frontline staff is able to service on a monthly basis. The renewal revenue chart that 
you see on the slide, which has grown by 50%, now these renewal revenues now constitute about 20% of 
our overall revenues in FY26.  
We enjoy higher service EBITDA and renewal revenues. Across all the product categories that we sell 
insurance policies on; our renewal rates are higher than the industry average given the high granularity 
of our PoSP base and high contactability of the end customers.  
I'll now move on to the cost below service EBITDA. Now, these are corporate overheads. As I mentioned 
before, corporate overheads comprise people costs, marketing, and other expenses. We have maintained 
our costs largely flat in the last four years while the company has scaled materially.  
In FY26, our corporate overheads were INR 247 crores for the whole year, down from nearly INR 270 
crores in FY25. This has resulted in corporate overheads as a percentage of revenues, reducing from 38% 
of revenues in FY25 to 23% for the whole year FY26. This improvement in cost structure comes from a 
continuous deployment of automation and taken our own internal processes and business.  
For the quarter ended March 31, as you can see on the screen, corporate overheads have further shrunk 
to about 16% of revenues for the quarter. This operating leverage has had a direct impact on improvement 
in adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA for the whole year was INR 105 crores loss, or about roughly minus 

9 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
10% of revenues. This is significantly lower than INR 186 crores of loss in the prior year at minus 27%. As 
Dhirendra highlighted earlier, we are very pleased to report that we have achieved a breakeven adjusted 
EBITDA for the fourth quarter of the FY26.  
Profitability and cash from operations. What you see on the slide are profit after tax, but for the purpose 
of this slide, we are showing it as excluding the exceptional items in the P&L, and I will comment on the 
exceptional items as well. For the year ended FY26, PAT before exceptional items was INR 129 crores, or 
about 12% of revenues. This has improved for about INR 203 crores for the prior year, which was nearly 
minus 30% of revenues.  
Accounted for within the PAT are the ESOP costs, which for year ended FY25 -- sorry, year ended FY26 
was INR 25 crores about 2.3% of revenues. This was about 1.7% in FY25. The increase in ESOP cost as a 
percentage of revenues is owed to a larger grant that was done in the FY26, and the accounting estimates 
for the grants made up to FY26, we have computed, will reduce significantly by FY28.  
Cash from operations. Our cash from operations are historically seen, and in FY26, a high conversion  
from PAT. We have always been conservative in how we manage our cash conversions and working capital 
management. With the support of our insurance partners, we ensure that our billings are collected  
on time, and our payouts to our PoSP partners are also, in a large part, after our collections are completed. 
For the year ended March 31, 2026, our cash conversion is at 99% of profit after tax and before exceptional 
items.  
I want to just clarify a quick line on the exceptional items. FY26 financials include an exceptional item 
charge of INR 55 crores. This exceptional item was a noncash adjustment. It resulted from certain 
arrangements related to the conversion of preference share capital to equity capital, as was documented 
in the shareholders' agreements. This charge was recorded in the nine-month period up to 31st 
December, 2025, and that's been disclosed in our prospectus. There are no exceptional items in March 
31, 2026, as in the quarter ended March 31, 2026, and we don't expect any in FY27 either.  
So finally, just to kind of summarize our Q4 performance in a quick recap of snapshot, we had a revenue 
of INR 357 crores and growth of 42%. Service EBITDA at INR 60 crores. It's a growth of about 60%. 
Corporate overheads as a percentage of revenues are down to 16% of revenues, and we have delivered 
positive adjusted EBITDA and a positive profit after tax.  
In summary, last few concluding points, the key elements of our growth in FY26 have been about following 
four key themes that continue to remain our operating principles. A, driving strong volume growth and 
revenue growth on our platform. B, continuing to grow the renewal revenues, which are a key driver for 
scale and profitability.  
C, continuing to maintain strong operating leverage in our business such that corporate overheads shrinks 
significantly as a percentage of revenues, driving adjusted EBITDA and PAT improvements. And finally, D, 
being disciplined in our cash management and working capital management that keeps the cash 
conversion for business very high.  

10 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
Thank you. I'll conclude my remarks and hand back to the operator and Nitin for next steps in Q&A.  
 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir.  
 
Nitin Garewal 
Operator, we can open the call for Q&A. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. Participants 
who wish to ask questions may do so by clicking the raise hand icon at the bottom of your screen and wait 
for your turn to speak. We request the participants to introduce the firm you represent, and ask your 
questions or give comments. Wait for a moment while the question queue assembles.  
The first question comes from the line of Prayesh Jain. Please go ahead.  
 
Prayesh Jain  
Yeah. Hi, everyone. This is Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Anand, Dhirendra, congratulations -- Badri, all 
congratulations on a very good set of numbers.  
A few questions. Firstly, if you look at FY26, we've seen a very strong growth in premiums and revenue. 
First of all, could you highlight some factors? I think, one of the tailwinds could be GST that could have 
played an important part in the second half as well. What are the other factors that would have played? 
Productivity of DPs or how things would have changed in FY26? 
Similarly, what would you think about sustainability of this growth going ahead, given that second half of 
FY27 would have a base effect of high growth that we've seen? So, yeah, that's my first question. I'll ask 
the second question later.  
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
Thanks, Prayesh. I'll basically explain what are the growth drivers for us. At Turtlemint, what I earlier 
mentioned, we have a large-scale Recruitment, Activation, and Production engine that keeps running.  

11 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
What it essentially means is that we are able to identify and recruit individuals who are not from the 
insurance industry, take them to handhold them to a training program, and get them to start getting 
activated using the tools that Turtlemint provides.  
Now, once they start, their career path on Turtlemint, what we see essentially is that you can divide the 
cohorts into two parts, where one set of cohort, which is the existing cohort, grows through productivity. 
You see every year productivity improvement on existing cohorts. And there is a new set of cohort that 
comes in onto the platform, and they start their journey, and they add to the growth. This two become 
key growth drivers. This also leads to another compounding effect, which is the book-building effect that 
happens, where you build a renewal book, and that renewal book contributes to the growth as we build 
the business.  
This is a key lever and the key growth driver for the business. Obviously, if there are tailwinds, it helps. 
One of the key things that happened last year was improvement in affordability for products, especially 
like health insurance. We did see a massive impact. We had a health insurance growth led by our growth 
drivers and also by these tailwinds of 75% plus, and that led to the overall growth of the company.  
 
Prayesh Jain 
And could you allude something on how do you think that this growth rate is sustainable going ahead?  
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
Last year, we grew from a revenue point of view at about 57%. That revenue growth, if you were to divide 
between H1, H2, H1, there was a base effect of the previous year of FY25, so H1 growth would have been 
higher. But Q4 growth is closer to the growth in a steady state that you would see. Historically, if you see, 
we have grown at a rate of 40% plus in our revenues and also in other key KPIs. I would say, historically, 
you can look at how we are performing, and we'll continue to sort of deliver on that performance. 
 
Prayesh Jain  
Okay. The other question was on the commission regulations or the discussion that has been ongoing for 
some time now. Two-part question there. First part, if there are any commission cuts, what gives you the 
confidence that you'll be able to pass it on? Any past examples in terms of GST? How were you able to 
pass on to your distributors?  
Second part of the question would be, how does the regulator think about PoSP? Whether the PoSPs are 
bucketed as agents or PoSP are bucketed as brokers? In what kind of, segment would -- because we are 
hearing a lot many things on it could be differentiated across channels.  

12 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
How a PoSP would be kind of treated under commission regulations, if you could give your thoughts on 
it. I understand they wouldn't have a certainty on it, but, yeah, your thoughts would be helpful there. 
Thank you.  
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
Yeah. So, first, let me just mention that government's mission is to increase penetration, and there is zero 
doubt about it. In that mission, a tech enabled distribution platform is sort of the only way to achieve that 
goal. Any step to increase penetration will drive higher volumes in the industry. 
Now, specifically on the regulation point of view, it could be a bit of speculation because we do not know 
the actual discussion paper that will be coming out. But from a Turtlemint point of view, the business 
model is quite, watertight. Our business is what we call an asset-light, performance-driven kind of a 
platform where all the costs that are incurred onto the platform are incurred only after a transaction has 
been enabled, and no marketing or no cost is incurred before a transaction has been done apart from the 
fixed cost that Badri spoke about.  
In that sense, the platform has the ability to absorb any volatility, and it is able to pass down any cost 
structure, any commercial structure changes. This also goes back to the OND (October, November, 
December) period when GST cuts were implemented. The health insurance companies had reduced 
commissions for distributors, and we also saw a reduction in that commission. It was simply, I mean, the 
platform was able to absorb. We were able to pass down those cuts, and the net effect was what I just 
mentioned, that the growth was about 70, 75% plus. The platform is able to absorb any changes in the 
commission, so we represent the market, and whatever volatility in the market is there that we are able 
to absorb.  
Also, another point is that the PoSPs are sort of micro entrepreneurs. They have gone through a certain 
set of training, and they are distributing insurance product within their community. They are quite 
entrepreneurial in nature. As we keep adding more products, we create options for our PoSPs to distribute 
more. They would start with a journey of a particular product, but they are able to then go to the existing 
customer and offer more and more products increasingly. And that is what we have been doing in terms 
of increasing supply onto the platform.  
Our ability to add more products, handhold them, and train them, and put them onto a career path allows 
us to sustain a certain level of transaction volume and a business volume for the company, and that has 
been proven in the past. Like, for example, when COVID happened, there was a lockdown. You know, 
PoSPs immediately switched to digital means of reaching out to their community and were able to start 
doing equal volumes as what they were doing before the lockdown was implemented.  
In the past, we have experienced that. And that entrepreneurial sort of spirit will also continue to drive 
platform volumes is what we believe.  

13 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
From a regulatory point of view, I think, I would not know exactly whether the PoSPs is treated as 
compared to an agent or not. But in terms of effort, the PoSP is definitely somebody who is driving 
penetration, especially in the Tier 3, Tier 4 market. And they are working under a broking license and 
representing the Insurance Act, the policyholder. That sort of continues to play -- and they continue to 
play an important role in driving distribution in the country. 
 
Prayesh Jain  
Got it. Thank you, and all the best.  
 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Satvik Kanabar. Please go ahead.  
 
Satvik Kanabar  
Hi, this is Satvik from Jefferies. Thank you for taking my questions. Firstly, congratulations to the entire 
team on the company's first profitable quarter. I have three questions. Firstly, how are you able to recruit 
such a large number of digital partners in the light of high competition? How big is the TAM?  
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
So, we have created sort of a platform that allows us to reach out to the market both online and offline 
and onboard this potential PoSPs at scale. About 80% of the PoSPs we onboard, the digital partners we 
onboard, do not come from the insurance background. They are freshers to insurance. Most of them are 
less than 35 years of age.  
There are about 60-65 different profiles that we encounter when they come onto the platform. So, 
somebody could be a college student, a financial adviser, or a retired bank employee. Depending on the 
different kind of occupation that they have, either they are socially active or they have an existing 
customer base that they would want to start distributing insurance to. We are able to identify them.  
Because the journey is digital, we add scale. We can onboard, and we are able to recruit them, put them 
onto Turtlemint Academy, create customized training paths for them, basis their background, and basis 
their experience, and then at large scale, get them activated onto the platform.  
This has been sort of fine-tuned over the years and has become a key moat for the organization in terms 
of how we are able to build the last mile granular network on the platform.  

14 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
Largely, it is digitally done through our app, also through the offline presence that we have through the 
branch network that is present in pan-India.  
Also, these PoSPs are spread to 19,000 plus PIN codes. So, they are present in some of the remotest parts 
of the country and are distributing insurance to a community which otherwise would not have access to 
an adviser within their network, and they are able to serve those communities which otherwise were 
underserved.  
 
Satvik Kanabar 
Got it. Then secondly, what role does AI play in your business? Do you see or are you seeing  
any cost savings from the use of AI? Also, just an extension of that, how can AI potentially disrupt your 
business model?  
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
Yeah. I’ll let Anand take this question.  
 
Anand Rohidas Prabhudesai 
Thanks for that question. So, insurance is a complex products and underwritten product. Because of that, 
there are various points at which there is a human-to-human interaction. This could be, for example, in 
servicing the customer, there are things like claims that are endorsements. There may be follow-ups 
needed to understand the underwriting salience of the customer. Or given it's a product that customers 
are just under inertia in terms of buying, there is need for follow-ups and so on, nudging and so on.  
All of these human-to-human interactions lend themselves very well to automation through the agentic 
AI or LLM-based model automations. That is where we see a huge opportunity for us to build better 
automation and not just automation, but have better customer experience as well.  
We've already done AI investments in many different parts of our business. For example, support tickets, 
a good percentage of them are now handled by AI-first, and there's only fallback to humans if required. 
We're also doing renewal calling just to nudge customers to remind them for doing their renewals, and 
this was kind of difficult to do over voice, especially for smaller ticket size products.  
We are seeing some, great results in terms of what we are able to do on renewal rates as well. There are 
lots of such kinds of opportunities that we see where we can use voice or chat-based automations using 
agentic AI. So, we see it as a huge enabler for our business.  
 

15 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
Satvik Kanabar  
Understood, very clear. Lastly, can you give any guidance on how FY27 will look, while you already alluded 
to, revenue, premium, and revenue growth, any color on OpEx growth, including corporate overheads 
would be useful. Thank you.  
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
So, while we as a board decided not to give any future guidance, but since this is our first earnings call and 
would like to happy to give some sense. Q4 became our first profitable quarter. It just demonstrated the 
fact that there is operating leverage and with scale and expanding service EBITDA, there is significant high 
profitability to come. 
Now, this quarter was also a seasonally a bigger quarter because Q4 usually is a high season. So, from a 
next year FY27 point of view, it will play out the way it has played out historically. We will reduce our 
losses or improve our profitability by more than 40% how we have done in the past.  
The way the year goes by is that every quarter is bigger than the previous quarter in a financial year and 
Q4 being a big season during the year. We will see improvement in profitability. We will see entire year 
achieve profitability on a consolidated basis, and we will continue to perform the way we have done 
historically for the last three, four years for the last four plus years that we've given the data in terms of 
how we have been growing our business.  
Largely, our P3M active will grow, and that will lead to the growth in productivity of existing cohorts and 
new cohorts, and that will drive improvement in our profitability. There is also a renewal improvement 
that we are seeing in terms of renewal book. Our renewal rates, in this quarter were significantly higher 
than the same time previous quarter, and that benefit we will also see accrue to the business.  
On a long-term basis, in the next five years period, we expect our service EBITDA to expand and our 
corporate overheads to shrink as a percentage of revenue. Obviously, there will be an inflation, absolute 
value increase, but as a percentage of the revenue, we expect our EBITDA to be in the range of 18-20%. 
 
Satvik Kanabar  
Very, very clear. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Shubham Prajapati. Please go ahead.  
 

16 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
Shubham Prajapati 
Hi, everyone. Congratulations on the great set of numbers on turning EBITDA positive. I have two 
questions. First, on the overall product mix. How do you expect, like, your premium mix across life, health, 
and motor, and other general insurance product to pan out over the next year? How this product mix 
influenced your overall margin?  
My second question is, as your business has scaled up to EBITDA positive, how do you expect your 
operating leverage to play out in coming years? At what level do you expect, like, your adjusted EBITDA 
margin will stabilize? These are my questions.  
 
Badrinarayan Sanjeevi 
Hi, this is Badri here. Your first question was with respect to product mix. Sir, what we have highlighted in 
the past is that general insurance businesses are more than 90% in terms of platform premium for us as 
compared to life businesses. But beyond that, we do not want to kind of highlight further splits within the 
GI business. As you can imagine, and as Dhirendra alluded, within the GI business, health has been growing 
extremely strong for us. Dhirendra highlighted that our health business within that has grown at more 
than 60% in the last year.  
As you rightly say, sir, as the health business in particular and as the renewal margin, renewal book size 
keeps growing over time, you should expect to see our profitability improve. Some of the points that I 
made earlier with respect to our renewal book being 20% of our revenues, going to about INR 230 odd 
crores for the financial year FY26.  
We continue to expect that as our renewal rate strengthen in absolute terms and in relative terms as well, 
our renewal business should keep growing, which earn us a higher service EBITDA. To help in the renewal 
book growing, the growth in the health and other businesses certainly support. Those are our key 
comments on the product mix point, sir. The next question, I'm forgetting. What was the question?  
 
Shubham Prajapati 
Operating leverage.  
 
Badrinarayan Sanjeevi 
Operating leverage. The key point of operating leverage is that, as I mentioned earlier, the fixed cost for 
the FY26, what we call corporate OpEx, was about INR 245-246 crores. In the last year, in the prior year, 
it was about INR 270 crores. Sir, in the DRHP also, we highlighted a corporate overhead strength from 
2023, that is FY23, out to FY25. If you observe the trend there, sir, we have maintained our corporate 

17 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
overhead in a narrow band between roughly about INR 230-260 crores across all these four years. This 
has happened while our top line has grown significantly from FY23 to now.  
So that is what Dhirendra sir, was mentioning, that the corporate overheads and the percentage of 
revenues is sharply falling year after year. As we have demonstrated this ability to deliver on operating 
leverage in the last four years, we are confident that the future growth rate will also be inflation-led rather 
than necessarily expanding in line with our volumes. 
This is what gives us confidence that our path to profitability so far up to FY26, which has been 
demonstrated in the presentation, that's what has helped us achieve till now, and we'll work hard to 
continue this sustaining of this trend going forward.  
 
Shubham Prajapati 
Yeah, thank you, sir. In future, at what level do you expect your adjusted EBITDA margin will stabilize for 
the future years?  
 
Badrinarayan Sanjeevi 
I just refer back to the overall guidance that Dhirendra sir, just gave, which is in about five years' time, we 
would like our profitability at the PBT or a PAT level to be roughly between 17-18% to 20% of our revenues, 
which will largely be led by improvement in service EBITDA from today's levels while holding the corporate 
overheads at a relatively flat.  
 
Shubham Prajapati 
Yeah, thank you, sir. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Shubham Karvande. Please go ahead.  
 
Shubham Karvande 
I am Shubham Karvande from JM Financial. Thank you for taking my question. First of all, congratulations 
to the entire team on the good set of numbers. I have a couple of questions. One, could you elaborate on 
your role in the claims settlement process?  

18 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
Specifically, how do you assist customers during the claims journey, and to what extent are you involved 
from claim initiation to settlement? Could you provide some insights into your working capital cycle? I 
mean, how has it evolved over the past few years, and what are the key factors driving any changes in the 
working capital requirements that you have?  
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
Great. Thanks for asking this question. We are in the business of insurance distribution, and the product 
actually is a promissory note, and the real moment of truth is the claim. It's a sort of very serious and 
important part of our service that we provide to the policyholder. We have created an in-house expert 
claims desk and a claims engine that helps our policyholders get support at the time of claim.  
Usually, if it's a straight-through claim, it goes through the process. Insurance companies have significantly 
improved their processes in terms of how they settle the claim and the turnaround times. However, if 
there is a delay or there is a rejection there in the claim, we have our expert desk that gets involved in 
supporting the policyholder.  
Usually, the delay is due to some communication gap or some documentation which has been pending or 
maybe some understanding issue on the policy. We have our expert depending on the product, like, for 
example, for health insurance, we have an in-house doctor. For other products, we have ex-surveyors who 
are part of our claims team. They are engaged with the policyholder. We also give them status updates 
on the app itself so that they are able to track their documentation and see the process of the claim.  
Using the expert desk and the tech offering that we have in the consumer app, we are able to help them 
settle the claim. In Q4, we settled about INR 85 crores plus claims that were either delayed or rejected, 
while working very closely with the insurance companies and delivering that to the policyholders. 
Regarding the next question on working capital, I'll invite Badri to answer that question.  
 
Badrinarayan Sanjeevi 
Thanks for the question on working capital. First of all, just to add some color on the balance sheet. In our 
balance sheet, we really don't have too many fixed assets beyond the what we need as IT equipment for 
our staff and offices. Neither do we capitalize any of the costs. Basically, all the costs are expensed. What 
you see on the balance sheet fundamentally is that the net working capital and cash and bank balances 
represent our net worth. That is point one.  
Now within the net working capital, really the most important number that we excessively track and 
manage is really the accounts receivable. Now, sir, in this, we are really supported a lot by our insurance 
partners, whether it is private sector insurance partners or the PSU insurance partners. With many of the 
insurance partners, we have an arrangement that we can bill every 15 days and collect from them, while 

19 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
with the others, we have a monthly billing cycle. This suppose that we get from them enables us to keep 
our receivables at the end of the year fairly short.  
So, sir, from the balance sheet, if you were to compare the closing receivables on a consolidated basis, 
which has been roughly about INR 150-160 crores, and compare it with, let us say, our quarterly revenues 
that we just spoke about, we'll realize that we don't have more than about 40-50 days of receivables 
there, which reflects a strong collection cycle.  
The other side is that how we pay our, let us say, our PoSP partners’ the commissions, because that is 
really the large cash outflow in our business. Here, again, we've been disciplined right from the inception 
of the company where, to the maximum extent possible, we pay after we collect from the insurance 
companies. Hence, we try and maintain a positive cash cycle, sir.  
Some of those trends that you see on the cash flow details which are there for the financial year FY26, 
you'll see in the cash from operations. You'll see that the movement in receivables and movement in 
payables is very small compared to the scale that, let us say, the company had achieved. Hence, like to 
the point that nearly 99% conversion that we see from PAT to our cash flow from operations. So, those 
are the key points, sir. Thank you for asking this question, and we were able to highlight these 
achievements.  
 
Shubham Karvande 
Thank you, sir. Very clear.  
 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rahil Bharat Shah. Please go ahead.  
 
Rahil Bharat Shah 
Hello. Thanks for the opportunity, and congratulations on a strong quarter. I wanted to understand around 
the enterprise business. First, can you quantify the premium from that business line? What sort of growth 
outlook can you give on that?  
My second question is around the take rates who wanted to understand know how this is decided. Like, 
are these links to only group targets, or they are also linked to other factors like loss ratios or, say, growth 
in number of policies or something else? These are my two questions.  
 
 

20 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
Thanks. I'll invite Anand to answer the question on Turtlefin. 
 
Anand Rohidas Prabhudesai 
Yes. So, Turtlefin is the premium that we generate are through our enterprise customers. These are large 
banks, FinTechs, NBFCs, so on that are using our tech platform to drive digitization in their own 
ecosystems.  
The premium growth there, I mean, roughly about 20% of our premiums come from there. The premium 
growth there, is driven by, of course, the growth of their own businesses as well as the amount of 
digitization that they're able to drive, the change management and so on that they're able to do. That 
drives our premium numbers in that.  
You know, in this last year, we've also added a good number of new accounts, and these will go live in the 
coming year. We should start to see growth in our enterprise premiums also at a faster pace than what 
we saw in the last year. This is how the enterprise business works. So, that addresses the question. 
 
Rahil Bharat Shah 
Okay. Sorry. So, I mean, if I see the number of last year, it was around 29.5 billion total platform premium. 
So, of that, around 6.6 billion was enterprise premium. This time around, out of 38.6 billion you are saying 
around 20% would be coming from enterprise premium. Is that understanding correct?  
 
Anand Rohidas Prabhudesai 
Yeah.  
 
Rahil Bharat Shah 
Okay, sure. What sort of profitability this business generates? I would assume this would be a low margin 
business. 
 
Anand Rohidas Prabhudesai 
It's actually a high-margin business because tech is already built up, and we are licensing our technology 
to these partners. Of course, the take rate is based on is low given it's a technology fee, and it's not the 

21 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
full broking commission, which may be in our PoSP business. The take rate, in that sense, is low, but its 
transaction-based or volume-based, but it's a high margin for us.  
 
Rahil Bharat Shah 
Okay. Got it.  
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
With respect to the second question on how we have plan. Basically, see, we work with insurance 
companies, and we solve for several of their requirements. One is that we have a presence in some 
markets where insurance companies may not be present, so Tier 3, Tier 4 access is what we deliver them.  
Second, they are able to do granular underwriting in the sense that they can -- because the platform  
is digital, policies are issued digitally in pockets of PIN codes, different kinds of asset or different kinds  
of policies. They can do their underwriting on a sort of at a micro level. That is the second key offering  
to them.  
Third, it's at large scale at low OpEx that they are able to distribute onto the platform. Depending on the 
insurance company’s key goals, we have partnership with them, and we sort of work closely in adding 
value to their requirement. There is no standard structure in that sense. I mean, it will all depend on the 
insurance company's way of thinking about the business and their own underwriting.  
One other thing that is appreciated a lot about the Turtlemint business is the quality of the book that we 
are able to deliver. We obviously have aligned to better renewal rates, build a good renewal book. Second, 
to keep constantly improving the renewal rates and also the persistency. Third you're using tech, to 
identify any leakage or any fraud, and eliminate them from the process. Overall, insurance company sees 
good value.  
We also work on improving better, improving loss ratios. With the few insurance companies, we have 
demonstrated lower loss ratios versus their own product for that specific category. These are several 
factors that we have in working with insurance companies. These are long-term relationships built over 
the last several years. When we partner with them, again, the conversations are over longer period times.  
 
Rahil Bharat Shah 
Okay, sure. Since you talked about renewals and focus on that, sir, can you quantify the renewal premium? 
How much it is of your total platform premium?  
 

22 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
I will quantify the income. It is 225 Crs.  
 
Rahil Bharat Shah 
That is okay, but not in terms of premium?  
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
No, not in the terms of premium. Somethings allow us to keep confidential because it helps us work and 
sort of some of it is our bit of a core competence, so, yeah.  
 
Rahil Bharat Shah 
Why I'm asking is that if I see your premium growth number at the headline level, for the full year, it has 
grown at around 31%, and your renewal book has grown -- sorry, renewal revenue has grown very sharply. 
So just wanted to understand what is the sort of growth which is coming from new business. Just wanted 
to get some sense around that.  
 
Badrinarayan Sanjeevi 
Sure. Rahil, and within the 31% growth in the overall premiums, one of the points that I made in  
my narrative was that what I offered another data point was that how much the premium from the 
insurance broking entity that is driven by the PoSPs have grown. That grew in FY26 at about more than 
40% for the year.  
Now, renewal revenues are a function of two things. One is what the underlying volume growth in the 
prior year have been. That is a strong indicator of how the renewal revenues in next year will grow. Second 
is how much you're able to improve on the renewal rates across all our policies and products from YoY. 
What we have seen over time is that as we have built our tech platforms and some of the points that 
Anand mentioned earlier about how we are able to contact even policyholders having low-ticket policies 
using AI platforms to strengthen our renewal rates, those have helped us in growing our renewal rates 
faster than, let us say, what can be implied by simply taking last year's renewal rates on the base.  
In the coming quarters also, always a big effort and focus will be: A, on ensuring that we have high 
contactability with the end customers by keeping our network granular. That is point one. Point two, 
continuing to work on presenting the right products to our end customers. So, the product is right for 
them and the renewal rates are secured at the time of setting the policy itself.  

23 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
Three, using technology and tools to keep maximizing on the renewal rates. Then using this strong renewal 
rate to work with our insurance partners and maximize the revenue potential that we have from our 
renewal business. I think the order in which we execute within our company as well. 
 
Rahil Bharat Shah 
Some part of this higher growth in revenues is also driven by better take rates in renewal books. So that 
would be a fair conclusion?  
 
Badrinarayan Sanjeevi 
It's driven by a strengthening renewal rate and then working with the insurers that we get fairly 
compensated. That's the way.  
 
Rahil Bharat Shah 
Okay. Got it. That's it from my side. And again, congratulations on good side of numbers.  
 
Badrinarayan Sanjeevi 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nidhesh Jain. Please go ahead.  
 
Nidhesh Jain 
Hi, sir. I have couple of questions. First question is, what is the differential between new and renewal 
service EBITDA margin? 
 
Badrinarayan Sanjeevi 
Sir, we don't have to give it out, sir.  
 

24 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
Nidhesh Jain 
But in terms of quantum letter, it is 50% higher, 20% higher. Any indication would be helpful. 
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
It's about 2.5-3 times higher than the new service EBITDA.  
 
Nidhesh Jain 
Okay. Secondly, can you share some color on non-insurance revenue? What is the share of non-insurance 
revenue, let's say, in for Q4 and how that is trending? 
 
Badrinarayan Sanjeevi 
On a revenue basis, sir, I think, I'll go back to what Anand sir referred to. While the Turtlefin business and 
the enterprise premiums we generate are meaningful in a premium basis. Anand also highlighted that our 
take rates on that are not that high. Beyond that, the Turtlefin business, obviously, we also, through our 
other subsidiary, distribute mutual funds as well. Some of our non-insurance digital partners are able to 
distribute post getting the right certification that they need to get.  
On an annual basis in FY26, 97% of our revenues are in the subsidiary, which is Turtlemint Insurance 
Broking, and our revenue is commission. The remaining 3% is non-insurance businesses for now. These 
businesses enjoy a stronger profitability that Anand sir referred to. Like, for example, in the Turtlefin 
business, while we earn tech service fees from our enterprise partners, we don't have any direct variable 
cost associated with it, and the existing teams and tech platforms deliver to those revenues. Our objective 
in driving the other business also is that, as we continue to invest in it and the business grows, it should 
offer us higher margin accretion in the outer years.  
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
Will just add to that. So apart from the Turtlefin, because we have a very wide consumer base and the 
last-mile digital partner who is engaging with the customer, we are able to offer other financial services 
products that the digital partner offers to the policyholder. The other products are mutual fund, where 
mutual fund AUM would be close to about INR 1,400 crores. We have also added loans, which is a very 
recent addition. What the run rate there would be about INR 300 crores in terms of how much loan is 
getting disbursed.  

25 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
Again, this is the same customer base and the same distributor base. These have been added as additional 
SKUs and run on the back of the existing granular network that has been created onto the platform. The 
incremental revenue that comes in mostly sort of drops in directly into the service EBITDA and into the 
EBITDA. In near term, I would say it's early because we have recently started. So, it's early in the journey, 
but we see sort of good optionality coming up as we learn and as we build these businesses.  
 
Nidhesh Jain 
The disbursement that you mentioned is per month or per quarter, INR 300 crores? 
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi This is for annualized disbursement as per the last quarters.  
 
Nidhesh Jain 
Sure. And in the slide, you have shared cohort-level data, but I think that is on per active, let's say, active 
DP. Can you share the absolute revenue how that grows? In the year one, if you see the revenue of 100 
from those entire DPs that we acquired in that year, what number that becomes in five years out, six years 
out, of absolute revenue for you?  
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi We'll take this as a requirement. Right now, we don't have it handy on an 
absolute value basis. On a per-person basis, it becomes a 4X, but we will work it out and see if feasible. 
We will share it next year. 
 
Nidhesh Jain 
Sure. And you mentioned that in terms of insurance revenue, 90% of revenue is GI and 10% is non-GI. 
That is on revenue or that is on premium?  
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi It is on revenue. 
 
 
Nidhesh Jain 
Revenue, okay Thank you. That's it from my side. 

26 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nischint Chawathe. Please go ahead.  
 
Nischint Chawathe 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. I just want to understand how relevant or how large is motor business 
for you. Out of the 83,000 non-digital partners that were active last year how many have kind of migrated 
beyond motor?  
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
I'll just clarify on the 83,000 number. The 83,000 number is not the total active for the year. It is the 
average at the end of each quarter. So, Q1 P3M, Q2 P3M, Q3 P3M, Q4 P3M, all of that put together, an 
average of that is the number. The KPI that was mentioned when Badri spoke was what are the P3M active 
as on March for that quarter alone, which was about 93,000. The total number of active for the year is 
significantly higher than the 83,000 number.  
Now, from the journey point of view of a PoSP, most of the PoSPs come without an insurance industry 
background. They enter the platform through the Turtlemint Academy onboarding engine. Usually, they 
start their journey by distributing awareness-related content within their social network and community, 
and often it is around two-wheeler.  
They will distribute saying that, “Do you know insurance? If you are not insured, you will have a fine of 
INR 2,000, and second time it's INR 4,000,” something like that. And they generate dialogue in the 
industry, they enter the product through two-wheeler. What we have seen is that depending on the 
person's interest now, they migrate from that category to doing more.  
Most of the people who do other higher-end products, like, let's say, health insurance or even some 
products where consultation is needed, they come from the motor category, and all of our supply of this 
higher-end products comes from the existing supply of digital partners who have already been activated. 
We constantly engage with them in terms of carrying out bite-sized trainings so that on the go, they can 
do training.  
We also have an expert desk that enable them to do a conversation with the policyholder, but we  
have an expert desk at the other end that engages with the policyholder so that the right kind of advice  
is made available.  
The platform also has a policy recommendation engine that recommends this is the demographic of the 
customer and recommends the options and the products that the customer can look at.  

27 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
All of these factors combined, we train them, push them, and get them to start doing multiple, even our 
mutual fund distribution comes from the existing set of people whom we get trained and take the 
requisite training requirements and then start offering more. It also depends a little bit on the background 
of the person who is coming in.  
Like, for example, somebody who is like a financial adviser profile. He will immediately easily able to do 
other product categories. But somebody who is, like, let's say, an RTO agent who is doing maybe only two-
wheeler policies, he may not switch easily. But most of our other categories come from the existing set of 
digital partners that we recruit.  
 
Nischint Chawathe 
Got it. But any color you could give in terms of how large is motor and what proportion of people are 
doing anything beyond motor?  
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
I would say, more than one category, people are more than 60%. People operating across categories. 
 
Nischint Chawathe 
Sure. And in terms of motor being contributed to a 90% in non-life?  
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
No. The 90% split that Badri gave in terms of revenue was for GI versus LI. Within GI, obviously, there is a 
split across different product categories.  
 
Nischint Chawathe 
Yeah, that's why I was just curious. If you could give some color in terms of how much is motor, maybe 
ODTP or probably how much of it is the CV or the larger fleets and highway business versus how much is 
two-wheelers and local consumer business. Maybe some color on that. I think we just get a little bit of a 
handle of the business. 
 
Badrinarayan Sanjeevi 

28 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
I understand. We don't want to give out these breakups. I understand why you may need it for your own 
modeling and to understand our business. Allow us a few more quarters maybe to get as we establish our 
credibility on the street and keep delivering numbers that we share more and more. Allow us some more 
time.  
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
I think one point I mentioned, Nischint, is that about 76% of our premium comes from beyond the top 30 
cities. 
 
Nischint Chawathe 
Got it. Fair enough. Just one last question, if I can ask. When you're giving a target of adjusted EBITDA 
margin of 18-20% in the next, whatever, three to four years, just curious what kind of a renewal-new mix 
do you kind of envisage at that point of time? I know, we're not discussing it for today, but maybe on a 
steady state basis, could give that would just help us work backwards. Thank you. 
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
I think I'll give this in terms of service EBITDA. I can maybe, once at the right time, we can also engage 
more. But from a service EBITDA point of view, today, we would be at about 13-14%. The expansion from 
13-14% will go to in the next few years to about 24-25%. Now, our corporate overheads, since they are 
not scaling, will be in the range of sub 5-6%. That's how we have planned our sort of the FY30 numbers 
and which will lead to an EBITDA translation of about 18-20%.  
 
Nischint Chawathe 
Yeah, but I guess the contribution of renewal also goes up, right, I mean, over the years? 
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
Yeah, so large part of our business is basically book building. That's actually the business book-building, 
because it creates annuity income, and all the annuity directly drops into the EBITDA. And the quality of 
the book is something that we obsess over. Maybe one point I could mention is that our TP-only policies 
is very, very low in our business, and that translates to a better quality of the book.  
Contactability of the customer is very high, almost 100%, because of the granular nature of the business. 
There is a sort of a learning in terms of calendar of engagement with the policy holder directly digitally so 
that the renewal is done timely and the book keeps getting built. As we keep sharpening that, keep getting 

29 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
better, our renewal has improved significantly, and it will continue to improve as we go forward and will 
contribute significantly to the expansion in the service EBITDA that we see.  
Nischint Chawathe 
Sorry. Just one last one. If I can ask, and if you're sharing this data, any texture on the concentration of 
insurer partner contribution to your overall revenue? Anything that you can share would be helpful. Thank 
you very much.  
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
Yes, there are no great question. And in fact, this we had shared in the DRHP that we have very low 
concentration. We work with all the partners, 45 plus. Top 3 are about 22% of our business. The difference 
between one to five is not very high. So, depending on the supply and depending on their underwriting 
requirements, insurance companies get their share.  
One of the key factor, for an insurance company to, work with us and get a better share is the quality of 
the tech integration that we have with them. So, if the mapping is right, the number of times the quotes 
show up is high, then the insurance companies gets a good share and we have seen this historically that 
there is no concentration with any insurance companies.  
 
Nischint Chawathe 
Got it. Thank you very much, and all the best. 
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Divyansh Jaju, please go ahead. Divyansh Jaju, please 
go ahead with your question.  
 
Divyansh Jaju 
Good evening, sir. Thank you for giving me opportunity. My first question was, at what scale we are 
expecting that our EBITDA will be positive?  

30 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
 
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
Last quarter, we already achieved a positive adjusted EBITDA. And there is a seasonality here, and that 
seasonality will play out during the year. But for the year, we expect FY27 to be profitable.  
 
Divyansh Jaju 
Okay. And apart from it, for the FY27, what the management is considering, like, it will be from the 
financial and operations from both perspective, it was a successful year. What is our target for renewal?  
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
So specific guidance in terms of numbers, are not giving, but historically, we have grown at a CAGR of 
about 40% plus, and we will ensure that we keep performing as per how we have done in the history of 
the company.  
 
Divyansh Jaju 
Okay, sir. Thank you for sharing that.  
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
Thank you, Divyansh. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Mokshit. Please go ahead.  
 
Mokshit 
Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I have two questions. My first question is that, as you know, 
today only 3-4% insurance penetration in India, and India is a big market for you. So, I just want to know 
what you do different from distributor like Policybazaar, who holds more size.  
 

31 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
 
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
Right, Mokshit. So great question, Mokshit, in terms of identifying this problem of having low penetration 
in the country. Historically, insurance as a product had a significant overhead when there was distribution 
that was when the products were getting distributed. But with digitization, increased financial awareness 
and overall macro changes that are happening, insurance penetration has started to now go to the Tier 3 
and Tier 4 markets.  
There is a mission of the Government, which is called, "Insurance for All by 2047”, which means that by 
2047, everybody in the country should have insured for one asset, one health, and one life insurance 
policy. Driving that penetration is something that Turtlemint is focused on. The markets that we operate 
are the markets that have been classic underserved markets.  
Now the way to reach that market is the first problem that exists in the country is awareness. We have 
created a network, a granular network of digital partners who distribute awareness related content in 8-
10 languages. Once that, awareness becomes a dialogue, there is a discussion, it leads to some inquiries, 
and then you start distributing policies in those markets. These markets are remote. Like, we have 
somebody in Ladakh, in Arunachal, in Lakshadweep Islands, there are 19,000 plus PIN codes, which is 98 
or 99% of the market, where we have created this PoSP network. The key role in driving this penetration 
will be played by this tech enabled digital distributors.  
Turtlemint will play a role in creating enough supply, training, engagement, and ensuring that the right 
kind of reward structures exist in the market to drive penetration in the country. So, in that sense, our 
primary belief is quite different. We believe that insurance is an advisory led product. It doesn't come 
naturally to people, and it has to be told, people need to be made aware.  
Doing that through a person, through a network of individuals who are in the social community of the 
potential policyholder and creating an economic model out of it is what Turtlemint has done and today 
has achieved significant scale, has a high operating leverage, the platform has been built, and you will 
start seeing Turtlemint also benefit from these key moat that have been built in terms of tech and the 
network that is existing in the country.  
 
Mokshit 
Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. My second question is that you have only around one-tenth of total shareholding. 
Currently, you hold major cash block. Is a plan of buyback or taking a major decision in coming quarters, 
which have major impact on your performance?  
 

32 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
 
 
Badrinarayan Sanjeevi 
Mokshit, I think in terms -- see, clearly, we need to kind of continue on our path of profitability. I 
understood your question. What is our future dividend policy of the company or distribution policy of the 
company?  
Thank you for asking the question, and we are massively ambitious to do that as we go forward. What we 
have always been a conservative management team, and some promoters also led the company to be 
highly conservative on cash. As we demonstrate, maybe one or two years of sustained profitability and 
strengthening profitability, we do look forward to having the appropriate dividend distribution policies 
for all the shareholders.  
The key point I would really want to reiterate is that revenues are growing strongly. Our service EBITDA is 
expanding. Our fixed cost don't increase. So as a business, we are well set up to be a high operating 
leverage business. All that means that we have all the right ingredients to work hard towards the right 
distribution policy for our shareholders.  
 
Mokshit 
Okay. Great, sir. Sir, last question is, can you just share the attrition rate of employees?  
 
Badrinarayan Sanjeevi 
I don't have it handy immediately for the latest quarter, sir, but in the DRHP, we have given extensive data 
on it. I think whether it is the frontline teams or the non-frontline teams, we actually enjoy a better 
attrition as compared to the industry.  
This, I will credit to the compensation structures that the board has enabled for us. Our employees earn 
a combination of fixed pay, a variable pay tied to performance, long-term guaranteed bonus that we pay 
over four years to retain some of our top employees, and a very generous ESOP scheme that covers more 
than 500 employees in the company. We have worked really hard at being fair and, in fact, generous as 
being compensation providers for our people. That has enabled us to keep our attrition levels quite low.  
 
Mokshit 
Thank you, sir. Thank you for a great explanation.  
 

33 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
17.07.2026 
Badrinarayan Sanjeevi 
Thank you, sir.  
 
Moderator 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for the closing comments.  
 
Nitin Garewal 
All right. Thank you all for joining the call. We look forward to be in touch with you.  
 
Dhirendra Nalin Mahyavanshi 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for joining.  
 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Turtlemint FinTech Solutions Limited that will concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now exit the meeting.  
 
 
 
Note:                   1.  This document has been edited to improve readability 
                             2.   Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
 
 
