 
 
IFGL REFRACTORIES LIMITED 
www.ifglgroup.com 
Head & Corporate Office: McLeod House 
3 Netaji Subhas Road, Kolkata 700 001, India 
Tel: +91 33 4010 6100  |  Email: ifgl.ho@ifgl.in 
Registered Office: Sector B, Kalunga Industrial Estate 
P.O. Kalunga, Dist. Sundergarh, Odisha 770 031, India 
Tel: +91 661 266 0195  |  Email: ifgl.works@ifgl.in 
 
CIN: L51909OR2007PLC027954  
 
 
 
 
17th August, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
 
 
BSE Limited   
 
 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block – G 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra – Kurla Complex 
 
 
 
 
Dalal Street  
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051  
 
 
 
Mumbai 400 001 
Code :  IFGLEXPOR  
 
 
 
 
Code: 540774 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
Re: 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Further to our letter dated 11th August, 2026 please find enclosed herewith Transcript of 
Earnings Conference Call on 1QFY27, held on Tuesday, 11th August, 2026. A copy of this is 
also being hosted on Company's Website: https://ifglgroup.com/investor/meetings-reports/ . 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For IFGL Refractories Ltd. 
 
 
 
(Mansi Damani) 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
Mansi 
Damani
Digitally signed 
by Mansi Damani 
Date: 2026.08.17 
18:55:20 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
“IFGL Refractories Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 11th August,  2026 will prevail 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MIHIR P. BAJORIA – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. MUKESH H. RAWAL – DIRECTOR  
 
MR. MANOJ RAKHECHA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
– MONOCON 
 
MR. AMIT AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
SGA, INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SAHIL SANGHVI – MONARCH NETWORTH 
CAPITAL 
 
 
 

IFGL Refractories Limited 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to IFGL Refractories Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Monarch Networth Capital. Before we begin, a brief disclaimer. This 
conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on 
beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are 
not guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch Networth Capital. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Thank you, Pari. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital, I welcome 
you all to the Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call of IFGL Refractories Limited. We are pleased 
to have with us the management team represented by Mr. Mihir Bajoria, Managing Director; 
Mr. Mukesh Rawal, Director; Mr. Manoj Rakhecha, Chief Executive Officer Monocon; Mr. 
Amit Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
We will have the opening remarks from Mr. Mihir Bajoria, which will be followed by a Q&A 
session. Thank you, and over to you, Mihir, sir. 
Mihir Bajoria: 
Hello. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us on IFGL Refractories 
Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. I am joined by Mr. Mukesh Rawal ji, Directoro; 
Mr. Manoj Rakhecha, CEO of Monocon; and Mr. Amit Agarwal CFO IFGL; and SGA, our 
Investor Relations Advisors. 
 
Our results and investor presentation have been uploaded on the stock exchanges and on 
company websites. We trust you have had the opportunity to review them. Let me start with 
industry updates followed by our performance for the quarter. 
 
We faced multiple challenges in FY26, including geopolitical uncertainties, supply chain 
disruptions, delays in capex spending and rising input costs. Despite these headwinds, IFGL 
delivered growth ahead of the underlying industry performance and was supported by strong 
growth in the domestic market, along with continued customer additions and expansion of our 
wallet share across key customers and in our global business. 
 
On the industry front, India continues to end up as the strongest major steel market with steel 
demand forecast to grow by 7.4% in '26 and 9.2% in '27. IFGL with a large presence is in a very 
strong position. U.S.A. steel production has been robust and has grown 6% year-on-year, which 
is reflected in the results of our U.S. subsidiaries. 
 
Europe steel demand is bottoming out with growth expected to revive in '26 and ’27 and financial 
results as published by the big steel groups in Europe, such as Arcelor Mittal Europe, Newport 
USA, SSAB Europe, etc., present a picture of overall growth in the industry. 

IFGL Refractories Limited 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
 
Speaking of IFGL and its positioning -  IFGL delivered a strong performance with consolidated 
growth of 13% year-on-year in Q1, supported by India and overseas operations. Details will be 
shared by my colleagues, Mukesh-ji and Manoj. 
 
As I take on my expanded responsibility as Managing Director, I remain committed to building 
on the strong foundation established over the year. The senior management team of IFGL is now 
in place and completely focused to take IFGL to higher levels and delivering greater value to its 
shareholders and investors. 
 
With that, I now hand over to the team to discuss the operation and financial performance for 
the quarter in greater detail. Thank you, and over to you. 
Mukesh Rawal: 
Thank you, Mihir. Good evening, everyone. It is a pleasure to be speaking with all of you today. 
As Mihir mentioned earlier, I will be transitioning into the role of Chief Executive Officer, India 
Operations. Against the backdrop of strong steel demand and continued capacity expansion of 
steel manufacturing capacity in India as well as forecast to grow by 7.4% in 2026 and 9.2% in 
2027, we remain very positive about the outlook of our domestic business. 
 
Now I will take you through the financial performance of Q1 FY27. Revenue for Q1 FY27 stood 
at INR297 crores, registering an 8% year-on-year growth in our standalone business. With 
domestic revenue growing 7% and export increasing 9%, and we remain confident of growing 
ahead of underlying market over the medium term. 
 
Coming to profitability. EBITDA for the standalone business stood at INR31 crores in the 
current quarter, a decline of 17% year-on-year. The contraction was primarily driven by higher 
raw material costs arising from geopolitical uncertainties and supply chain disruptions, along 
with elevated LPG costs due to availability constraints during the quarter. 
 
To mitigate these pressures, we have implemented appropriate price increase across customers 
and product categories. However, given the nature of our business, there is typically a time lag 
in passing on cost increases with some of the elevated costs being absorbed in near term. We 
expect the benefits of pricing actions to flow through progressively over the coming quarters. 
 
Needless to say, our IFGL team have risen to the occasion and ensured our manufacturing plants 
are operating without hindrance in spite of headwinds and supply chain disruptions. As 
mentioned earlier, we are having extra impetus on new products and categories such as bricks, 
casting flux and various products from our group company, Sheffield Refractories. IFGL also is 
working very closely with Monocon, who has its own engineering division to bring some of the 
advanced refractory application equipment to the market. 
 
With that, I would like to invite Manoj to provide an update on our overseas business. 
Manoj Rakhecha: 
Yes. Thank you, Mukesh ji and Mihir. Good evening, everyone. Our focus remains on 
strengthening our product portfolio, improving operational efficiencies and leveraging our 
global capabilities to cross-sell products across multiple geographies. 

IFGL Refractories Limited 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
 
In Q1 financial year '26-'27, we saw improving demand conditions across our key overseas 
market. In U.K., British Steel is now in public ownership, alleviating much concerns about 
longevity of British Steel manufacturing operations, bringing cheer to our group companies in 
U.K. in terms of long-term visibility of business and growth opportunities. 
 
Further, we are told from market sources that the administrators of the erstwhile Liberty Steel 
Aldwarke, now called Speciality Steel, is also looking to restart their Rotherham melt shops 
sometimes in November to December 2026. 
 
Amongst the above positive lights, we cannot ignore headwinds like British Steel producing at 
a very miniscule levels in Q1 due to the blast furnace problems, which hopefully will be rectified 
in Q2 and the spurt in ocean freights due to the prevailing geopolitical situation, which has had 
a big impact on our operations in UK and China.  Monocon U.K. and Monocon China operations 
continue to make inroads into new geographies with multiple new products and year-on-year 
turnover has increased significantly. Business turnaround remains key focus. Sheffield 
Refractories product portfolio integration with our IFGL India operations is going on well and 
at desired pace, including regular interactions and joint visits to the customers. 
 
We have also commenced production of Sheffield Refractories plastic ramming mass at our 
IFGL Vizag facility. Overall, our Monocon and Sheffield Refractories revenue have a double-
digit growth year-on-year in spite of the headwinds mentioned above. 
 
U.S. business has delivered a revenue growth of double digit year-on-year. Cost optimization 
and efficiency initiatives also supported a positive trajectory in margins. The results are 
testament of the resilience of our U.S. operations and teams to deliver consistent results. 
 
The U.S. steel market remains healthy, supported by investments in new facilities as well as 
modernization and expansion of existing plants, while the broader Americas region, including 
Canada, Mexico and select Latin American markets continue to offer attractive opportunities. 
Overall, we remain positive on the outlook for the Americas and see the region continuing to be 
an important driver of our international growth. 
 
At Hofmann Ceramic, we have been able to maintain order book at similar levels compared to 
corresponding periods. New initiatives undertaken across product enhancement, customer 
additions and cost rationalizations are beginning to show progress. Turning around the business 
remains a key priority, and we are taking multiple measures to improve performance with the 
objective of reducing losses and achieving breakeven by the end of financial year '27. 
 
With that, I would like to hand over to Mr. Amit Agarwal, CFO, for financial performance. 
Thank you. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you, Manoj ji. Let me give you a brief on financials. Starting with the standalone financial 
highlights. Total income for quarter 1 FY27 stood at INR299 crores, reflecting a 7% year-on-
year growth. Gross margin stood at 43% in quarter 1 FY27 compared to 47% in quarter 1 FY26. 
 
Impact on gross margins was on account of increased raw material prices due to supply chain 
disruption and geopolitical tension. EBITDA for quarter 1 FY27 stood at INR31 crores, down 

IFGL Refractories Limited 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
by 17% year-on-year. EBITDA margins were impacted on account of lower gross profit and also 
on account of significant surge in fuel prices in current quarter. 
 
PAT for the current quarter stood at INR16 crores, a growth of 7% year-on-year. Breaking it 
down further by domestic and export sales, the domestic business continued to demonstrate 
strong momentum, delivering 7% year-on-year growth in quarter 1 FY27. 
 
Export revenue has shown sharp surge and grew by 9% year-on-year. Increasing operational 
efficiency and visibility help us from an optimistic view going forward. Let me now move 
forward to consolidated financial highlights. Our consolidated financial highlights also include 
our international subsidiary. Total income for quarter 1 FY27 grew by 13% year-on-year to 
INR515 crores. 
 
Gross margin stood stable at 48%, showcasing our resilience and operational efficiency built up. 
EBITDA for the quarter was INR40 crores, registering a 2% year-on-year increase. As 
mentioned, EBITDA was impacted due to increase in raw material prices and surge in fuel prices 
impacting the domestic margin, which had overall impact on consolidated numbers. Profit after 
tax stood at INR17 crores, an increase of 58% year-on-year. PAT margin for the quarter stood 
at 3%. 
 
With this, I shall now leave the floor open for question and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Krishna from Prathamesh Invest. 
Krishna: 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is our overseas subsidiary has 
shown good growth. Can you elaborate what changed? Also, the margins are strong. Any color 
on margin outlook? 
Manoj Rakhecha: 
This is Manoj here. So as you mentioned, Krishna, overseas subsidiaries top line have had 
significant growth. The important reason, as we discussed earlier also was from Americas. 
Americas margins are also quite robust. 
 
In terms of individual breakup of the margins, etc., we do publish our segment results in the 
consolidated results that is published. And if you can see from there quarter-on-quarter, there 
has been significant improvements on those results. Individual company-wise details, we are 
unable to divulge at the moment. 
Amit Agarwal: 
If you can Manoj ji just answer them on this future, how do we see? I think this will answer their 
query. 
Manoj Rakhecha: 
Going forward, we expect the momentum to be maintained for all the subsidiaries. And as I 
mentioned, on individual operations of U.K., Europe, America and Germany, in each area, we 
have taken significant steps to see that we keep the momentum of growth and the companies 
which were in red, the objective is to bring it back to black and turn the operations around. So 
our operational focus and efficiency remains. We are expanding our product portfolio across 
various geographies, helping us to get the numbers where we wish to. 

IFGL Refractories Limited 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Krishna: 
Sir, my second question would be, how has been the subsidiaries performing, especially 
Monocon that has been under some pressure last year? 
Manoj Rakhecha: 
Yes. So, as I mentioned, for Monocon, we are now taking a very aggressive stand of introducing 
new products as well as getting into new geographies. In my last conference call also, I 
mentioned we have put a robust team across the globe to help Monocon drive the growth plan, 
which we have set forth. Second, we have had some positive news from the U.K. industry where 
British Steel is now in public ownership. 
 
So the business longevity and visibility is much better than before. And in November, December, 
if the other melt shops, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, open, it will be much more 
positive and robust for Monocon operations going forward. But overall, we are quite buoyant 
about the way things are moving, and we will continue to tread along that path. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Snehal Surana from Star Broking. 
Snehal Surana: 
My question is regarding the tech transfer from product from Sheffield Phase 1 has commenced. 
Can you let us know on how much time it will take for full transfer of capabilities? And by when 
do we see those products being available in the domestic market? 
Manoj Rakhecha: 
This is Manoj here. So, as I mentioned, Sheffield Refractories Phase 1 plastic ramming has 
already started to be produced in our IFGL Vizag facility. That is already complete. And now 
marketing trials and all the other relevant activities relating to promoting the product is ongoing 
now. 
 
In terms of the various other products, joint visits to the customers, interactions with the groups, 
technology transfers, all that have been put in place. So, but as you know, these products will 
take time to mature in the market. It will undergo a full set of trials and accreditation at the 
customers' end. So the process is already on now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Ahuja from CJ Capital. 
Amit Ahuja: 
Congratulations for the good set of numbers. So I have two questions. The first one is growth in 
the domestic business was like 7% compared to the higher growth number in the previous year. 
So how has been the demand environment? And is there any market share loss? And my second 
question is also the EBITDA margin were down by like 17%. Is this because of competitive 
pricing and intensity? Like what has impacted the margins sharply? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Sir, this growth number, what we are talking of domestic business, the base number has grown 
up. So that's why in terms of percentage, it's looking small. We are almost have touched double 
digit. So we have to see on a consol basis, including the domestic business as well as export 
business. 
 
This time, we have done very well in terms of export. But we continue to, I think, give 
importance to domestic business, and we target to increase by double digit at least for the year-
end. 

IFGL Refractories Limited 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Amit Ahuja: 
And what is the like competitive pricing? 
Amit Agarwal: 
No. See, with respect to dip in EBITDA margin, as we said that because of geopolitical 
condition, our raw material prices has gone up and the LPG or the fuel prices have gone up like 
anything. Although we have been able to get price increase from the customer, but that was not 
enough to compensate the overall price increase in input cost. So this is the major reason for dip 
in EBITDA margin as compared with the corresponding quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch Networth Capital. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
My first question is on the EBITDA margins that we've shown for the Europe business. Now 
after some quarters of reaching towards the breakeven, especially Q4 was very close to 
breakeven. We've again started going towards 9% and negative 8%. So what's exactly happening 
over here? And do we expect to again breakeven this year? Or how do you see that evolving for 
the Europe business? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Sahil, is this with respect to standalone business or consol? 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
This is the segmental split that you've given in the financial results, the Europe category? 
Amit Agarwal: 
I think Europe per se, I tell you, Europe consists of two companies, basically majorly Monocon 
U.K. and Sheffield refractory. Okay. So both are individually performing good. But as 
mentioned by Mr. Manoj that because of lower performance of British Steel, one of our 
customers, our sale in Sheffield refractory was considerably low. 
 
So that's why this quarter is exceptionally low for Sheffield refractory. Otherwise, Monocon is 
doing better from the previous quarter, and we are moving towards the breakeven. So that we 
maintain that Monocon U.K. per se, we are reaching towards breakeven and that continues to do 
so. And for Sheffield, this is, I think, one of the quarters, Manoj ji can further put light on this 
that quarter 2 will be normal as usual, I believe. 
Manoj Rakhecha: 
Very much true, Amit, because British Steel, hopefully, in quarter 2 with the blast furnace 
coming back in operations, their sales, etc., will come back immediately. It's not that we have 
lost any orders, It's just because of the timing difference. The plant is not producing, so we were 
not able to sell much there. But it's quarter 2, we will be back to where we should be for Sheffield. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
So has the margins also affected at Sheffield because of this low offtake? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Okay. Second, I wanted to understand, in the opening remarks, we heard that there are some 
more price hikes to be expected. So would this be across all products? Or would this be across 
geographies? Or how should we think about it? And what kind of benefit do you expect on the 
margins because of this? 
Amit Agarwal: 
See, I tell you this is not all across evenly distributed. So every contract has its own feature and 
accordingly, we are going and getting the price increases. And these are all temporary price 
increase based on the input cost, which has increased on this geopolitical front. So we are trying 

IFGL Refractories Limited 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
to get and continue the prices increase as long as we are being impacted by input price cost. 
Otherwise, no additional margin on this account we see. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Okay. And on the standalone, we are seeing a big bump up on the staff cost, which is roughly 
INR28.7 crores, roughly 10% of the top line. So should we assume that the staff cost will 
continue at 10% of the top line because absolute numbers, I mean, it's a jump similar to how. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Sahil, if you compare with this quarter 4 number, which is around INR24 crores, there is an 
increase. If you compare this with quarter 1 FY26, this is at the similar level. So 10%, obviously, 
this is 10% of overall revenue. And we are trying to manage this, and we do not expect this to 
go beyond this. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Okay. But on the consol front also, there is a big jump. So INR84 crores versus INR76 crores 
Y-o-Y and INR77 crores Q-o-Q. So is it safe to assume that this run rate will continue? And 
what is composing this increase? 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, if you see, again, for consol also, for corresponding quarter, INR76 crores to INR77 crores. 
So only INR1 crores price hike. But if you compare this with quarter last quarter, there is an 
impact because I believe because of some provision reversal happening in last quarter. But 
employee cost is our focus area, and we are working on it. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Okay. Now with respect to a longer-term guidance, like we were maintaining for one particular 
time that we can achieve a 12% EBITDA margin. Do we stick to that kind of guidance? And is 
that possible on the consol business? 
Amit Agarwal: 
See consol business, we are trying to achieve double-digit EBITDA margin, and it all depends 
on how the geopolitical situation stand and overseas demand stand with us. But we'll be back 
again for sure on this. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Okay. With respect to Liberty Steel restarting, is there a possibility to get any kind of lost dues 
that we had historically? 
Manoj Rakhecha: 
No. So Liberty Steel, this is not under the erstwhile management. Now Liberty Steel is under 
the administrator and they have renamed as Specialty Steel. So the old dues because of being 
unsecured in nature, that the administrator will deal with it in due course once the new buyers 
are in place. But given the historical situation, how things turn out, I very much doubt there 
would be anything which is forthcoming from that side. 
 
But the silver lining is if the operations start, we can start reselling the products which we used 
to have a big sales and a big service team placed in that plant. So in that way, our Monocon 
operations will get a big impetus once those operations start. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
And when do you expect this to reflect in our revenue numbers? I mean, any time line on this? 
Manoj Rakhecha: 
See, market sources, this plant, melt shops would be looking to restart sometime November, 
December 2026, okay? 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Okay. 

IFGL Refractories Limited 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Manoj Rakhecha: 
Hopefully, we are also keeping a very close watch on this. We also had meetings with their 
operational and procurement team also. So things are in motion, but time will tell once they 
restart. But as of now, I can say we are very positive and optimistic about this whole thing. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Got it. And sir, you said in your opening remarks that we have been adding some new products 
and trying to enter new geographies at Monocon. If you can give some more details, which 
products are these and which are these geographies where we are trying to enter? 
Manoj Rakhecha: 
So in terms of products, we are into iron and steel. So there are relating to refractories relating 
to iron and steel. Also, we are trying to get into the foundry industry, again, primarily with 
refractories in the similar family and nature of application. And in terms of geographies, it is all 
spread over. See, Monocon has operations in U.K., China. 
 
And we have as you have seen, we have opened an office or company in Australia. Now recently, 
IFGL Monocon has opened an office in Saudi. So the operations will be spread all across. And 
there are a lot of these areas which do present growth opportunities for Monocon, which we are 
trying to really capitalize upon. 
Mukesh Rawal: 
Manoj, can I come in? Manoj, on this one. 
Manoj Rakhecha: 
Yes. 
Mukesh Rawal: 
Expansion of Monocon market, I think we have a very strong positive customers' feedback from 
Mexico and U.S.A. So these products will be also introduced in this market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. 
Saket Kapoor: 
As you were alluding to the improvement in the EBITDA margin on a consol basis to double-
digit numbers. So sir, if you could just explain or give us some more light what factors you think 
will lead to this EBITDA margin improvement? So, for the first quarter, we were closer to 8%, 
7.7% and taking into account the steps and the rationalization, cost rationalization that we've 
spoken about, what should we anticipate going ahead in the improvement in the EBITDA 
margin, sir? Some color on the same. 
Amit Agarwal: 
I think, Saket, we have been talking to bring Monocon U.K. back in black. So if we turn that 
company into black, our EBITDA margin will automatically have a positive impact on overall 
thing. And with U.S. coming to more than double-digit margin, it has already added to our 
EBITDA margin. 
 
So it has to be seen in each and every company segment-wise, and we are working with each 
and every company to bring the EBITDA margin back what it was there in the past. And we do 
see an improvement in U.S. and Monocon U.K. per se at least. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, Amit ji, what was the loss contribution from Monocon for this quarter and for the last 
financial year? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. I would not get into the breakup of the loss number, but I would surely say that number has 
come down from last quarter to this quarter for Monocon U.K. 

IFGL Refractories Limited 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Just to dwell into it, sir, when we look at the Monocon losses being up, it is under the European 
entity? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes.  
Saket Kapoor: 
So when we look into that number, as Sahil bhai also mentioned that on a Q-on-Q basis also, the 
losses have moved up from INR3 crores to INR7 crores. Has the Monocon performance 
deteriorated over the quarter? Or what has led to this INR5 crores change, sir? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. I'll tell you that I have answered this also that Europe consists of major two entities, 
Monocon U.K. and SRL. So this quarter, SRL because of lower offtake and everything, we had 
a lower margin over there. So that has added to it, which is not there in the past. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And sir, we had -- I think we invested around INR100 crores, INR150 crores in our R&D 
facility in Odisha also. And so if you could just explain to us what are the benefits we are 
retrieving out of the same? And on the capex front, what have we outlined for the current 
financial year? And if you could just give us some more color, how are we progressing? 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, I think the number you are quoting is not correct. We have not spent INR150 crores on 
R&D. We have spent around INR20 crores on R&D. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Just to interrupt you, sir, R&D facility, we have created a new infrastructure in Odisha... 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes . 
Saket Kapoor: 
Correct me there, therein we have spent more than INR100 crores. 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, no, no. You're mistaken. 
Saket Kapoor: 
No, okay, sir. Please, now continue. 
Amit Agarwal: 
And on R&D front, I think Rawal sir or Manoj ji can further update you on the benefit of it. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And capex sir. Yes, Manoj ji Namaskar. 
Mukesh Rawal: 
Yes. This is Mukesh. So as regards to the R&D facility, like the works are very continuously 
going on. One is developing new materials, which have been done now and helping the Monocon 
U.K. products into the foundry market. 
 
Second is the designing of very special product that is your tundish SEN for the thin slab caster, 
which are being designed in our R&D center for the U.S.A. market which has given very good 
results and the new product has been introduced into the U.S. market, manufactured in U.S. that 
is where it is given the big growth in the U.S. market, too. 
 
We are also looking into recycling a lot of materials, trying to use the recycled material in our 
mix as and where possible. Plus, we are now also  adding and augmenting our R&D team, and 
we are going by the market-driven situations in India where new products can be introduced too. 
So R&D is becoming a very good support to the whole sales team around the world. 

IFGL Refractories Limited 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right. And lastly, sir, on the Chinese JV part, how is the progress? And how much have we 
spent? And if you could just give us some more color, how are we progressing and the 
commissioning date of the sale? 
Amit Agarwal: 
I think if I can update on this issue, for this Chinese JV, we have applied for an approval with 
the Government of India appropriate authority and they have advised us to change location and  
apply for the same again. And on receipt of this approval, I think we'll be able to further 
announce anything. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So our earlier commitment and earlier plan are on hold as of now? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So the product part, I think, yes, please. Yes, please. 
Mihir Bajoria: 
Actually, the thing is that because this is an Indian and Chinese joint venture. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay sir. So I think the land acquisition part and thing we have done in Gujarat was also 
pertaining to this JV only. So we have spent money on it. 
Mihir Bajoria: 
Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So we have made the investment in the land and other part or what is the status? 
Mihir Bajoria: 
So far only in the land. So far it's only been done in land and some money has been spent because 
we've been marketing other products 
Saket Kapoor: 
Because sir, when we remember that it was about some product substitution or import 
substitution rather, which we were looking at through that, and that will be catering to the cement 
industry, if I'm not wrong. Correct me there. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So in terms of we are slow on the same, and we'll wait for the approval. And lastly, sir, taking 
into account your commentary and the brief given to investors in the presentation, do we think 
that worst is behind in terms of the profitability aspect and also the negative impact of the pass 
on of the raw material prices. And now going ahead, we can expect these as a steady set of 
EBITDA margins going ahead? This understanding is correct on a consol basis? 
Manoj Rakhecha: 
See, this is Manoj here. If you ask me today, I would very much agree with that. But tomorrow 
brings another day, another news. And the world changes so fast, it's so difficult to predict. But 
what we see today, definitely, what you are summarizing sums up the position very aptly. 
 
We can see the up-shoots or the green shoots in the European steel industry. The financial results 
of the big steel giants have all been showing a positive number for the first 6 months. The steel 
plants, which were closed are coming back in operation. So all in, fingers crossed, hopefully, it 
keeps like that. So definitely, the worst is behind us. 

IFGL Refractories Limited 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanchita Sood from RoboCapital. 
Sanchita Sood: 
Just one question from my end. I apologize if it's a repetition. I joined the call a little late. But I 
just wanted to know what is the peak revenue that we can do on our current capacity? And what 
will it be post all expansions and capex once that's completed? 
Amit Agarwal: 
I don't think we have any number as such that what is the peak revenue we can do with this 
current capacity and all. But in past, we have said that with the addition of this mag carbon and 
casting flux new line addition, we can add additional INR150 crores to INR200 crores at peak 
capacity for that two particular products. 
Sanchita Sood: 
Sir, could you repeat the number once? 
Amit Agarwal: 
What I said that in past, we have spoken about the addition of two new product lines, mag carbon 
brick and casting flux, we can add around INR150 crores to INR200 crores on account of these 
two new product lines at the peak level. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question from the participants. Now I would 
like to hand over the conference to management for their closing comments. Thank you. 
Amit Agarwal: 
I hope we have been able to answer most of your queries. We look forward to your participation 
in next call. For any query, you may contact SGA, our Investor Relations Advisors. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
