CIN No. : I.31300DL1985PLC022737
Z=_EN
BANSAL
vse9ggr
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street
Mumbai -400 001
Scrip Code`: 54420.9
=T+©
Bansal Wire Industries Limited
Manufacturers of Steel \hrires
July 28, 2026
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
Mumbai -400 051
Trading Symbol: BANSALWIRE
Subject:.Transcript of Earnings Conference Call pertaining to the Un-Audited Financial Results
fstandalone and Consolidated` for the quarter ended June 30. 2026
Dear Sir/Madam,
In  accordance  with  Regulation  30  of the  SEBI  (Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure  Requirements)
Regulations, 201.5, we hereby inform to the stock exchanges that the transcript of audio call recording of
the Company's Earnings Conference Call held on Thursday, July 23, 2026 at 11 :00 A.M. (IST) to discuss
the Un-Audited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) for the quarter ended June 30, 2026 is
attached herewith.
This information will also be available on the website of the Company www.bansalwire.com
We request you to take the above information on record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Bansal Wire Industries Limited
Sumit Gupta
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Encl.: As Above
Regd. Office : F-5, Main Road, Shastri Hagar, Delhi-110052    Tel. : 01146666750-59
Website : www.bansalwire.com    ELMall : info@bansalwilie.com
Sumit 
Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Sumit Gupta 
Date: 2026.07.28 
17:35:17 +05'30'

 
 
Bansal Wire Industries Limited  
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 1 of 17 
  
 
 
 
 
Bansal Wire Industries Limited 
Q1FY '27 Conference Call 
July 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. PRANAV BANSAL – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
BANSAL WIRE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. GHANSHYAM DAS GUJRATI – CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – BANSAL WIRE 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 

 
 
Bansal Wire Industries Limited  
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 and FY 2027 Conference Call of Bansal 
Wire Industries Limited. 
From the management, we have Mr. Pranav Bansal, MD and CEO, and Mr. Ghanshyam Gujrati, 
Chief Financial Oﬃcer. To take the discussion forward, we also have an investor relation team 
from Adfactors PR. 
 As a reminder, all participant line will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be opportunity 
for you to ask question after the presentation conclude. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statement made in today's discussion 
may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risk and uncertainties. 
Please note that the disclaimer mentioning this risk and uncertainties are on the disclaimer 
slide of the investor relations presentation that has been shared earlier. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pranav Bansal for opening remarks. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Pranav Bansal: 
Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Bansal Wire Industries Limited Q1 
earnings call. Joining me today is Mr. Ghanshyam Das Gujrati – our CFO. I trust you have had a 
chance to go through the Results, Press Release, and Investor Presentations, all of which are 
available on the Stock Exchanges and on our website. 
Before I delve into speciﬁcs of the quarter, let me spend a moment to touch upon the operating 
environment during this quarter: 
This year, we entered the quarter with an added layer of complexity as the ongoing geopolitical 
tension in West Asia created near-term volatility across global supply chain, leading to a 
temporary disruption in the availability of natural gas. Consequently, proﬁtability during the 
ﬁrst half of the quarter was impacted by higher input costs and operational disruptions. 
However, business environment improved. The conditions improved meaningfully in the later 
half of the quarter, enabling us to a gradual recovery in operations. 
I would like to emphasize, however, that we responded to this situation with agility. Through a 
mix of operational recalibration and increased reliance on alternative energy sources, we were 
able to progressively restore production levels. 
For the quarter, our sales volume stood at 112,000, roughly. More importantly, our operating 
capacity as of today stands at around 680,000 tonnes, and we are pleased to say that we are 
back to the normal level of operations with steady and comfortable margins. 

 
 
Bansal Wire Industries Limited  
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
On strategic front: 
The quarter had actually been quite eventful, with several of our key growth initiatives crossed 
meaningful milestones during the period. 
In our Steel Cord business, we received our ﬁrst trial order from one of India's leading tire 
manufacturers during the last quarter. 
Given that domestic demand in this segment is largely met through imports, this milestone 
validates the capabilities we have built and marks an encouraging step in our journey. While 
the qualiﬁcation progress is rigorous and typically takes time, we are pleased with the progress 
that we have made so far. 
Our IHT wire business continues to make good progress and has been ahead of our initial 
expectations. Customer approvals are progressing well, and we are seeing encouraging traction 
as the business gradually scales up. 
We also expect our OHT wire business product to commission shortly. Together, these products 
strengthen our Speciality product portfolio and position us well to address larger opportunities 
in higher value-added segments. 
On the B2C front also, we made meaningful progress during the quarter with the introduction 
of our new range of steel wire products for the Farming, Fencing, and Poultry segment. 
Customer response has been encouraging with these products contributing approximately 10% 
of our sales already during the last quarter. This marks a promising new growth avenue for the 
company and reﬂects our broader strategic focus on diversifying our product portfolio while 
strengthening the Bansal brand beyond its traditional industrial channels. 
I am also pleased to share that we generated a free cash ﬂow from operating activities to the 
tune of about INR 120 crore during the quarter, which reﬂects the continued discipline we are 
bringing to the working capital management and overall capital eﬃciency, even in seasonally 
soft quarter impacted by these operational challenges. 
Coming to the outlook: 
While the quarter did witness subdued demand and some de-stocking at the customer end, 
our assessment of the underlying business is that our fundamental challenges are almost over. 
Demand indicators are gradually improving. Industrial gas availability is easing, our strategic 
initiatives are all progressing well. 
So, looking ahead, we are still working towards achieving a growth of 20% for the rest of the 
year. This conﬁdence is anchored in a few things: 

 
 
Bansal Wire Industries Limited  
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
1. 
Our core business continues to gain market share across all end markets, driven by 
stronger customer relationships and a widening product mix. 
2. 
Our Speciality portfolio is beginning to contribute more meaningfully as approvals 
advance and volumes scale up. 
3. 
Our capacity, both installed and being added, give us the runway to support this 
growth without disruption. 
Continuing to gain market share remains at the core of our growth philosophy. It is what has 
driven our journey so far, and it remains our sharpest focus area even going forward. 
We are increasingly seeing the tangible outcomes of the investment and strategic initiatives 
undertaken over the past few years, we remain conﬁdent of creating sustainable long-term 
value for all our stakeholders. 
With that, I will now hand over the call to our CFO – Mr. Ghanshyam Gujrati, who will take you 
through the ﬁnancial highlights of the quarter. Thank you. 
Ghanshyam Gujrati: 
Thank you, Pranav Sir. Good morning, everyone. 
Let me take you through the ﬁnancial summary for the quarter of FY 2027: 
Our revenue for the quarter is INR 1,168 crore, reﬂecting a growth of around 25% on a year-
over-year basis. EBITDA for the quarter came in at INR 57 crore, and net proﬁt for the quarter 
is INR 20 crore. 
As Pranav Sir already mentioned, our sales volume for the quarter is 112,000 metric tonnes as 
compared to 104,000 metric tonnes in Quarter 1 FY 2026. 
While the Quarter 1 is seasonally a softer quarter and the temporary industrial gas shortage 
impacted production during the part of the quarter, otherwise the demand across our end 
market remained reasonably steady. 
On the cash ﬂow side, we delivered a healthy operating cash ﬂow of INR 121 crore during the 
quarter, reﬂecting our continued focus on tightening working capital cycle. 
With that, I will conclude my remarks. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. Our ﬁrst 
question comes from the line of Kunal Sharma with Veritas Research. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Sharma: 
Pranav, just ﬁrstly would like to hear from you that how will you rate this result Quarter 1? 
Pranav, let's say if this war remains for another few quarters as the oil price is again at the 

 
 
Bansal Wire Industries Limited  
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
elevated level, how does Bansal Wire reach with respect to the growth and margin per se? and 
will this issue again persist on the growth and margin, or are we ready to move with the strong 
guidance and the range that we have given? 
Pranav Bansal: 
All right. To answer that question, let me break our Q1 into two parts. The ﬁrst 45 days is when 
we saw an exponential increase in all our consumable prices, majorly gas and other packaging 
and other consumables to the tune of about INR 5,000 a tonne on a blended basis. Now as a 
company, we took a very conscious decision not to pass this over to our customers on the ﬁrm 
rate of orders that we already have. We generally carry about 30-40 days of orders with us. That 
30-40 days of order as a company, we took a call that we will absorb that cost because we have 
been with these customers and they have supported us for such a long time. We want to 
support them in this time and not renegotiate on the committed orders. That went with about 
INR 2 a kg EBITDA margin. We took a hit from INR 7 a kg blended and we came down to INR 2 
a kg, wherein we absorbed all that cost. Now once we had that cost increase, the new orders 
that we booked were again with the right prices. There we were getting even in fact INR 8 a kg 
blended margin. So, the second half of the quarter went with 7-8 a kg margin. In fact, 8 a kg 
margin, but if you adjust it with a lower base, it came down to 7 a kg. This is how the 1st Quarter 
was. After the 30-40 days, quarter two back to normal. The only disruption for us was that our 
volume was not growing by 20% because there was a dip in demand. Now as of today, even 
with all of this crisis today, we see that the demand is there. We have been able to grab higher 
market share, and the B2C segment also helped us in the last quarter to gain market share. So, 
as of now, even with all the cost escalation, this has been called on, and we are back to the INR 
7-8 INR a kg EBITDA levels which gives me a conﬁdence that we will be able to achieve our 
target for the next three quarters of the year. 
Kunal Sharma: 
Understood. Just to follow up on the margin and the pricing, which you told that INR 2 a kg that 
we absorbed instead of passing it to the end consumer. On the margin, do we run a cost-plus 
model? Is that the reason behind the margin during the quarter has impacted and quite badly 
to, I guess, 4%-odd? 
Pranav Bansal: 
We operate at a cost-plus model wherein any increase and decrease that we take in our raw 
material or even consumable is passed on to the customer. But now in steel, we carry about 
30-40 days of stock. Now to create a natural hedge in the system, what we do is that 40 days of 
inventory is also covered with 30-40 days of ﬁxed rate orders, so that we do not get into a cycle 
of commodity pricing. But in this case, that strategy aﬀected us badly because we already had 
30-40 days of order book, and the cost escalated drastically immediately. It was not that it will 
escalate from the next orders. It escalated immediately. Now in this case also, we could have 
passed this on, but due to the relationship that we have had with all our customers, we try to 
support them and not renegotiate in the already committed orders. But the day we got an 
increase, from the very same day, any new orders that we book were with an escalated price. 
So, any new orders that I booked from 1st of April also, I was maintaining my margin. Therefore, 

 
 
Bansal Wire Industries Limited  
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
we took a temporary hit of 30-40 days of order book. That is all that was. Other than that whole 
quarter we have operated on regular margins. 
Kunal Sharma: 
Got it. From next quarter onwards, we will be back 7.5%-8% in margin. 
Pranav Bansal: 
From almost May 15th, we are already back to INR 7-INR 8 per kg margin. 
Kunal Sharma: 
Superb. 
Pranav Bansal: 
That is why you see a blended INR 4.5 or INR 4 a kg. Otherwise, the ﬁrst 45 days we operated 
at INR 2 a kg EBITDA. 
Kunal Sharma: 
Got it. Okay. My second question on the Steel Cord. We secured the ﬁrst trial order from the 
leading Indian tire manufacturer. I just wanted to understand a basic understanding that ﬁrst 
we have shifted from the pilot project to the trial order book last in a couple of quarter we 
alluded, which means the customer approved us as a Steel Cord supplier, and we start getting 
an order book from the respective tire manufacturing company. So is my understanding 
correct? 
Pranav Bansal: 
So, in the approval process, there are two stages. One is a sample approval and then it goes to 
ﬁeld trial or bulk trial. We have passed the sample approval stage with most of our customers. 
We are onto the second stage. In fact, there were some customers that were very pleased with 
the results that they got in the sample approval. Therefore, they skipped the second stage of a 
ﬁeld trial and moved directly to bulk trial orders. So, this is one of those customers who skipped 
the ﬁeld trial process, they have shifted to directly product trial. We have received the ﬁrst trial. 
There are stages of four trials to be held in this particular case. With a couple of months for 
each trial, I think we should be there. 
Kunal Sharma: 
If you can share the quantum of the order book from the manufacturing company, Is that a 
MRF, if you can share. 
Pranav Bansal: 
I can't comment on the name, what I can tell you is it is a trial order so there is no order book 
honestly there. Once we pass on these stages, we will get a conﬁrmed order book. So, right 
now this is on a trial stage. 
Kunal Sharma: 
Okay. When are we expecting to get the ﬁnal order book from this kind of customers? 
Pranav Bansal: 
We will keep you updated. It is still to be seen, how long they take to try it out, then we have 
to give them a second trial, how all of that works. The results of all of those will deﬁne the 
timeline. Generally, from our experience till now, we see that it will take about two to three 
months for each stage of a trial. If we take, let's say, four trials or three trials, it can take up to 

 
 
Bansal Wire Industries Limited  
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
six to eight months. We will keep you updated. This is not the only customer so we are expecting 
more trial orders within this quarter also from other customers. 
Kunal Sharma: 
My another question on the CFO that we have, I guess during the quarter that we raised to 
almost INR 800 crore combined for FY 2027 and FY 2028. What has led us to accelerate the 
guidance for CFO as earlier, I guess we were supposed to be at the INR 600-odd crore. If you 
can just throw some light on it. 
Pranav Bansal: 
Sure. The INR 600 odd crore was our guidance for last year and this year combined. Last year, 
our target was INR 250 crore against which we did almost INR 330 crore. This year, our target 
was INR 350 crore against which even in the last quarter after these challenges, and even 
though we did not get a good EBITDA or a good PAT, we still were able to manage INR 115 crore 
of cash ﬂow. Yes, I think our initiatives have paid oﬀ, and we are on that journey. We are quite 
conﬁdent, given the last ﬁve quarters that we have been able to maintain our cash ﬂows to 
reach the number. And honestly, if you don't target, you will not be able to achieve. So, it's 
important for us to target this kind of a number to achieve it. 
Kunal Sharma: 
Are we now back to the (+75%) utilization since we the ﬁrst generation started since the 
production has been started? 
Pranav Bansal: 
Yes. Right now, the demand is back, we are operating at that level. 
Kunal Sharma: 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Pranav Bansal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Aditya Bhartia from Investec Capital 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Hi, good morning, Pranav. Pranav, you mentioned that we should be back to 20% kind of a 
growth for the remainder of the year. I guess you were speaking about volume growth. If we 
consider INR 7-INR 8 of EBITDA per kg, last year we were having closer to INR 6.5-INR 7. Does 
that mean that even on a proﬁtability on a per tonne or a per kg basis, there can be a 10% 
increase, and therefore at the EBITDA level we are looking at 20% volume plus 10% EBITDA 
increase, which makes it 30% kind of a total EBITDA increase? Is that how you are kind of 
thinking about it? 
Pranav Bansal: 
Sir, yes, good morning. Yes, we are looking at a 20% volume growth. Our EBITDA guidance would 
also still remain 20%. Although I agree that we started this quarter with a higher EBITDA base. 
But we have three quarters to go, so you never know. There could be Rs. 0.15 up or down in 
our business. We would like to be a little comfortable here. If we are gaining, let's say, 20% 

 
 
Bansal Wire Industries Limited  
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
volume then our EBITDA would also at least grow by 20%, if not more. But anything upwards 
of this is still to be seen. A lot of uncertainty is still remaining here. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Understood. Also, if you could speak about IHT, OHT wires, what proportion of revenues and 
volumes would be coming from IHT today, and how large can OHT become? How exactly are 
the proﬁtability metrics of these kind of wires? 
Pranav Bansal: 
IHT and OHT combined, right now we have 9,000 tonnes of capacity, which will reach to 15,000 
tonnes with OHT commissioning. As a product combined, I think we have gotten good response 
from the customers here. In IHT, just to give you an example, next month we are targeting 50% 
capacity utilization. Within this year, we see that we will reach to an optimum utilization level 
already in IHT, because our approvals are on a very advanced stages. 80% of the customers have 
already given us approvals. Only 20% remain, which are also in very advanced stages. So, I think, 
this product has done well. On the EBITDA side also, although we do not see meaningful EBITDA 
today because we are operating still at, let's say, 35%-40%. Once we reach an optimum capacity 
utilization, I would say that we can expect similar EBITDA, like we are thinking of Steel Cord or 
something like that in percentage. So, the Speciality wires portfolio, we look at a higher EBITDA 
than our regular business, which is what we will get in IHT as well. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Sure. On a per tonne basis, how much does that work out to be? 
Pranav Bansal: 
In IHT, I would say about INR 10-20 INR a kg, in that range. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Understood. Lastly, on the B2C business, of course this business has scaled up quite sharply and 
in a fairly short time. What is the ambition that we are having? What are the targets that you 
have set for yourself in the B2C business? How exactly does the proﬁtability diﬀer from our 
conventional B2B business? 
Pranav Bansal: 
The B2C segment that we have tapped into, this is in the low carbon side of the business, which 
contributes to about 50%-55% of our total volume. In that low carbon, our ambition is to reach 
50% or more through B2C. 50% of our business in low carbon should come from the B2C 
segment. On a blended basis, that would mean 25% of our total sales should come from B2C. 
That is the ambition. From 5%-10% is what we have gained in the last one year. We have 
doubled our sales in B2C last year. This is the kind of growth that we have already seen, although 
we were operating at a lower base. But yes, I think we still see a lot of growth potential here. A 
lot of our initiatives have paid oﬀ well. This is a good segment. And on the margin front also, 
this is better than our B2B side margin. I would say about 20%-30% extra EBITDA per tonne is 
what we are able to get from the B2C segment as compared to B2B in the low carbon front. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Perfect. That's helpful. Thanks, Pranav. 
Pranav Bansal: 
Thank you. 

 
 
Bansal Wire Industries Limited  
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that the management will be able to 
address all the questions from the participants, we request you to kindly limit your question to 
two question per participant. If you have a follow-up question, please rejoin the queue. Our 
next question comes from the line of Deeya Jain with Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deeya Jain: 
Can you also provide the EBITDA per tonne for the OHT wires? 
Pranav Bansal: 
As I said, OHT, IHT combined, we are looking at a INR 10-20 INR a kg EBITDA. It is a little early 
to say right now, but this is the kind of range that we are targeting. But we will reach there once 
we reach an optimum level of utilization, which will be within this year. 
Deeya Jain: 
That would be like a 70%-80% utilization? 
Pranav Bansal: 
Yes. Once we reach (+60%) is when we will start to break even, and I think 70%-80% is when 
we should see decent margins here. 
Deeya Jain: 
What CAPEX are we targeting this year? 
Pranav Bansal: 
As a company now from the last one year, we have been working a little diﬀerently from what 
we have been doing in the past. Now, our thought process is to put in about INR 200 crore-INR 
250 crore every year to keep growing at 20%-25% kind of volume. We will cap our CAPEX at 
about INR 200 crore-INR 250 crore every year to give us runway for each year. So, this year also 
will be INR 200 crore-INR 250 crore in total. 
Deeya Jain: 
Okay, sir. All right. I will get back in the queue. Thank you. 
Pranav Bansal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rahul Girish Shah with Glostar LLP. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Girish Shah: 
Good morning, everyone. Other expense this quarter have increased by INR 26 crore. Can you 
roughly break that into how much was due to extra fuel cost and how much was due to 
additional cost due to the new Speciality plant whose commercial production has not started? 
Rough ﬁgure may be 50/50 or 75/25. 
Pranav Bansal: 
I would not be actually able to give you some speciﬁc numbers here. What I can say is, on the 
gas front, our cost has almost tripled in some plants. In some plants it has increased by almost 
100%. Blended, I think, our gas cost has increased by about, let's say, 1.5x on an average. Yes, 
that is deﬁnitely there. 
Rahul Girish Shah: 
Okay. The new Speciality plant, the Steel Cord and the B2C segment, will we be able to book 
any meaningful revenue in FY 2027? 

 
 
Bansal Wire Industries Limited  
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Pranav Bansal: 
Yes. Already in the 1st Quarter, 10% of our revenue has come from B2C, which is only growing 
every month. Although for B2C, second and 3rd Quarter are seasonally soft quarters. First and 
4th Quarters are better. Still, we should see meaningful growth from the B2C segment. In the 
Speciality front also, IHT, OHT, as I said, next month we are targeting about 50% capacity 
utilization. Within this year, we are looking at an optimum utilization, so about 60%-80% 
capacity utilization by the end of this year, we are looking at in IHT and OHT. In IHT especially. 
OHT will also be commissioned by the end of this year. Next year, we should see more numbers 
coming from OHT. Steel Cord also, we have made meaningful progress by getting our ﬁrst trial 
order. But yes, there is still a long process to go here. 
Rahul Girish Shah: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jigar Jani with Nuvama PCG. Please go 
ahead. 
Jigar Jani: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thank you for taking my question. Sir, my question is basically only on volume 
guidance given 20% growth, and if I do the numbers, it basically implies almost 145,000 
something volume every quarter if I just divide it by three. What is giving you the conviction of 
having such high-volume growth? Is it new customer additions or new products? What is giving 
you that conﬁdence to do that 20% volume growth? 
Pranav Bansal: 
Overall, in the last 20 years also, if you see, we have grown at about 20% every year. We have a 
track record of growing at 20%. This year should also not be very diﬀerent. In general, just to 
give you some basic understanding of how we have done that. If you divide the 20% growth, 
you can divide it into three equal parts. One third of the growth comes from our regular 
customers by increasing market share or just by growing with the customers. One third comes 
from existing customers, and one third comes from new products that we get into. Every 
month, almost our R&D team develops 20-25 new SKUs. Every year, we have a target of 
developing 250 new products. So, this product mix also gives us this kind of an increase. All 
these three combined, we have generally been able to maintain the 20% growth overall. Some 
years it could be a little less, some years it could be a little more, but 20% average is what we 
have grown so far also. 
Jigar Jani: 
Sir, why I am asking this question is if I look at the numbers, then it basically implies over the 
next three quarters almost 145,000 volumes, which is almost 85% capacity utilization. Is that a 
fair assumption on the numbers? 
Pranav Bansal: 
Historically also, we have maintained 85%-90% capacity utilization. In fact, this is the sweet spot 
for us. This is where we get the best capital eﬃciency. With that being said, we started this year 
with already INR 6.8 lakh tonnes of capacity in hand and 60,000 tonnes of capacity that we can 
commission whenever required. Other than that as a company, we have made a strategy of 
always starting the year with 25% excess capacity available so that we can grow at 20%-25% 

 
 
Bansal Wire Industries Limited  
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
throughout the year. So, on the capacity front, I think we are covered. We faced some hiccups 
in the Dadri facility when we started it, our green facility. It was a Greenﬁeld project. Now even 
those hiccups are clear, and we are seeing a good ramp-up happening there. Yes, as of today, 
we see a good demand, and as of today, we don't see why we will not be able to meet that 
demand because we have the capacity either in hand or at our disposal whenever required. 
Jigar Jani: 
Sure. Understood, sir. Great to hear. Just last tiny question is on margin. We operate on a cost-
plus basis. Suppose once this issue of geopolitics and war, etc., get resolved, will we also have 
to take any kind of inventory hit? How will it function when the prices move in opposite 
direction, we will have to again pass it on to our customers. The inventory that we will be 
holding, which is about 30-40 days, again, that hit will also have to be taken by us. 
Pranav Bansal: 
Sir, as I explained earlier, we have kind of created a natural hedge in the system, wherein the 
inventory that we have, about 70%-80% of that inventory is already booked against ﬁrm rate of 
orders. Therefore, whether there is an increase or decrease in our steel prices, it is passed on 
to the customer. Any inventory loss also is passed on to the customer. Now here the only 
diﬀerence could be that in one quarter, our opening stock and closing stock prices, you might 
see a little diﬀerently. If we take a loss in one quarter, the second quarter will cover it up, 
because we already have orders in hand for those prices. That is not going to be an issue for us. 
In terms of consumable also, any increase, decrease is passed on to the customer. In this case, 
however, in the 1st Quarter, our only issue was that it increased suddenly, our consumable 
prices from the very same day. We tried to support our customers here as much as we could. 
But herein also, all new orders that we took was with an increase. This principle has worked 
well for us so far. We have seen a lot of these kinds of crises before, and we have come out of 
this ﬂying. Yes. 
Jigar Jani: 
Understood. Great to hear and best of luck, sir, for the future. Thank you so much. 
Pranav Bansal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Vinil Shah with Dalal & Broacha. Please go ahead. 
Vinil Shah: 
Yes. I was asking that previously you had mentioned that the demand was slow from other 
sectors. Only automotive was the sector which was having healthy demand. Has the industry 
landscape improved and now we have demand from all the sectors? That is what I just wanted 
to get a brief overview of the demand side. 
Pranav Bansal: 
Yes. I would say that we see demand from almost all sectors again, even our exports have 
started doing well and automotive still remains strong. With that, some of these initiatives like 
the B2C segment and Speciality also have started helping us now, especially the B2C in terms 
of margin as well as quantity. Yes, overall, I think things look positive in almost all sectors. 2nd 
and 3rd Quarter are generally a little weaker in infra. Yes, overall still good. 

 
 
Bansal Wire Industries Limited  
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Vinil Shah: 
Okay. Sir, my next question was that, we had a one-time hit on our raw material margins due to 
the consumable prices going up. Is it possible that we might see a one-time gain as well now 
that the prices have already eased down, as you already just replied to one of the previous 
participants? 
Pranav Bansal: 
That is a possibility but that depends on how suddenly the prices move. If it happens over a 
period of time then it is all passed on to the customer but if it happens drastically, wherein how 
we saw a drastic increase, if we see a drastic change or decrease in the prices, we could beneﬁt 
from that gain also. 
Vinil Shah: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Pranav Bansal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shubham Thorat with Perpetual Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Shubham Thorat: 
Okay. Sir, I am a little new to the company. Just wanted to understand our product portfolio, 
speciﬁcally the Speciality segment that we have recently entered, the kind of rationale that we 
have behind entering these segments, the margin diﬀerential, if any, compared to the 
conventional product, and the capacity that we have for these products. Thank you. 
Pranav Bansal: 
Sure. As a company, sir, we have products for almost all segments. Our major segment will be 
automotive and then consumer durable, power and cable, infra, general engineering, all these 
kind of segments, agriculture, poultry. All of these segments will have some or the other use 
case in our wire. As a company, we have pretty much diversiﬁed ourselves as much as possible 
in other areas. Today, no segment for us is more than 25% of our total sale. Similarly, no 
customer for us is more than 3% or 4% of our total sales. We have tried to de-risk ourselves 
here as much as we can. Now, just a natural thing in our system is we keep on adding new 
products. Speciality Wire is also a new product or a new vertical that we have recently added. 
This will help us for the next 20 years to keep growing at 20% or at a higher pace. This was just 
a natural addition in our product mix. At Speciality Wire, we have seen a good opportunity. In 
most of the products, either we are the ﬁrst or the ﬁrst of maybe one or two companies in the 
whole country manufacturing these products. And we have identiﬁed here all high-margin 
items with potential of high-growth areas also. For example, IHT, OHT, these are products used 
in automotive majorly, and in the automotive also, EV is a large part of consumption here. 
Similarly, for Steel Cord, this is a product in which we are the ﬁrst Indian company to get started, 
and these are all import substitutes. So, these are high-growth areas with high-margin or a 
higher barrier to entry, which takes a little time. That is what we have done in Steel Cord. It's 
taken about one year already to reach the two stage of approval. Once we are in, I think these 
will contribute meaningfully in our total EBITDA. Yes, this is what it is. 

 
 
Bansal Wire Industries Limited  
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Shubham Thorat: 
Can you comment on available capacity that we have for such products or the kind of capacity 
that we are building. 
Pranav Bansal: 
Yes. Steel Cord, we have put a pilot project of 20,000 tonnes a year. For IHT, we have 9,000. IHT 
and OHT com combined, by the end of this year, we will have 15,000. Right now, IHT 9,000 
tonnes is what we have. So, about 35,000 tonnes is Speciality Wire products what we have. 
Once we get our ﬁrst order or once we start utilizing the 20,000 tonne pilot project, we have 
planned for bigger expansion. As a company, our vision is to reach to INR 2 lakh tonnes of 
production within the Speciality Wire front. Yes, once we achieve some level of approval, then 
some level of quantity, I think our eye is towards the INR 2 lakh tonnes, which will help us grow 
meaningfully in the next four to ﬁve years. 
Shubham Thorat: 
Got it. Just one ﬁnal question. You mentioned that on the gas front, your cost have increased 
by about 1.5x on an average. Just wanted to check what is the current status on that. 
Pranav Bansal: 
Even today, our gas prices are escalated. We do not see any decrease in our gas prices today. 
All of that is still there. Our costs are still escalated but the only change is that all of that has 
been passed on. We are operating at regular EBITDA with an escalated cost. 
Shubham Thorat: 
Okay, got it. Thank you so much. I wish all the best. 
Pranav Bansal: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Reminder to all the participants, kindly limit your question to two questions only. 
Our next question come from the line of Yog Rajani with Omega Portfolio Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Yog Rajani: 
Yes. My ﬁrst question is regarding what happened in the recent quarter. As we have seen, our 
margins have dipped. We being one of the largest players, we might have a bit better than most 
of the industry. How are we trying to take advantage of the situation where some of our weaker 
competitors might be facing a more turbulent period? 
Pranav Bansal: 
By grabbing market share, honestly. As a company, we have been grabbing market share. The 
industry is growing at 7%, 8%, whereas as a company, we have grown at 20% all these years. 
The thought process is to grab market share every year. Now, only in 1st Quarter, it is not that 
we have come out of it weaker or our competitors would come out of it weaker. In fact, I would 
say we are one of the very few companies who have taken this hit, wherein we took this call of 
not to renegotiate in the old orders. A lot of other companies might not have. Yes, we have 
been in this industry for 85 years, and our customers have supported us and brought us to this 
level. We tried our best to support them today. Going ahead, we already have capacity, so the 
only thing is that we have to utilize it. 

 
 
Bansal Wire Industries Limited  
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Yog Rajani: 
Yes. My second question is regarding the working capital. As I have seen, we have improved our 
trade payable days by taking some payable ﬁnancing. That has improved our operating cash 
ﬂows but that is just substituting one liability item with another. Are there other improvements 
that we are making to our working capital that will make the OCF more sustainable in the long 
run? 
Pranav Bansal: 
Yes, of course, sir. So, this is only one of the initiatives. We have taken two to three diﬀerent 
initiatives everywhere. Our inventory days have also come down, and they will continue to keep 
coming down in the long run, as and when we operate at a higher base. Those operational 
eﬃciencies will come in our system or have started already coming in. Similarly, we have done 
a lot on terms of our receivable days also. So, we have actually been able to bring down our 
over dues to a large extent, and now we are also renegotiating wherever we can with our 
customers to bring down our receivables. In the next one or two years, you will see a big change 
in the receivable pattern also that we have, which will be a structure change of why we will be 
able to maintain this. 
Yog Rajani: 
Could you comment on why we are not able to get payable days from our suppliers? Because 
as the largest player, we should have some negotiating power over there. Why are we not able 
to get there? Why do we have to rely on payable ﬁnancing? 
Pranav Bansal: 
Yes. As of now, we do not want to negotiate with our suppliers and get payable days because 
that will also, in some of the other way, bring down our negotiation power. Today, we have 
structured it in such a way that to our vendors, we are still paying advance, which gives us a lot 
of leverage in the market when we have to purchase. We are the largest purchaser of wire rods 
in the country today. Yes, this advantage is very important for us to maintain. 
Yog Rajani: 
There must be some cost advantages you might be getting. Could you comment on that? 
Pranav Bansal: 
Yes. Because we are the largest, I would assume that we should have good pricing and because 
we are the company that pays in advance, yes, that should mean something. I can't give you an 
absolute number, but yes, this deﬁnitely helps us. That is why we have been able to grab market 
share and still grow proﬁtability over the years. 
Yog Rajani: 
All right. Thank you. 
Pranav Bansal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jay Patel with Patel Equity. Please go 
ahead. 
Jay Patel: 
My ﬁrst question was regarding return ratio in the Speciality business. In the earlier con-calls, 
you had mentioned that for INR 2 lakh tonnes Steel Cord capacity, we will be needing around 

 
 
Bansal Wire Industries Limited  
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
INR 2,000 crore of CAPEX, and peak revenue potential for that could be around INR 2,000 crore-
INR 2,500 crore, right? So, it implies a pretty low asset turn of around 1x. If I do the math, even 
if we get 16% EBITDA margin with 1x asset turn, at the end, our ROCE will still be 16%. If I see 
the last two quarters, even without Speciality, we are doing 16% ROCE. So at the end, the 
Speciality business is not adding any ROCE to our company. Would you like to comment on 
that? 
Pranav Bansal: 
Sure, sir. Just to do some math again, on INR 2 lakh tonnes, we will be able to maintain about 
INR 600 crore-INR 800 crore of EBITDA on an investment of INR 2,000 crore or INR 2,500 crore. 
This is the overall thought process. Revenue and percentage is not something that are really 
stable for us. What is stable is per tonne EBITDA and quantity. In the Speciality Wire front, which 
is majorly Steel Cord and Hose Wire, we are expecting this kind of a range. Therefore, we see a 
good ROCE. But just another point here again is that even in our current business, we are trying 
to improve our ROCEs. As and when our low carbon wires increase and with all these initiatives 
that we have already taken, like B2C and other cost-cutting initiatives, we are looking to go to 
25% ROCE in current business also in a very short while. These cash ﬂows that have increased, 
even in the 1st Quarter, we have decreased our total capital base. Even in the current business, 
with or without Speciality, we are looking at a 25% ROCE. That is our target, and we have to 
achieve that. 
Jay Patel: 
Right. In Speciality segment, you must have done a pretty good homework. If we compare our 
rates to Jiangsu Xingda, I think it is the largest player in Speciality segment competitor of ours. 
Can we compete globally with them? Domestically, I got your point. Some quarters back, you 
mentioned that domestically, we have an absolute advantage compared to them. Let's say 
three, four years down the line, if we think of competing in Speciality segment globally, can we 
compete with them, or is it that Chinese raw material prices are lower, that export would be 
totally out of our domain? 
Pranav Bansal: 
Yes. You are absolutely right. Export for us is not going to be a good or lucrative business 
because of the raw material price. I believe as a company today, I can compete with any Chinese 
manufacturer on an equal cost basis. If I was to get the same raw material price, I can compete 
with them any day. Today, our raw material price in India for especially this kind of business, we 
get an INR 10 to INR 15 kg higher price. That is not a call that we will be able to take in this 
product. That is 50% of our margin. Yes, our target market for this is India, and that is a big 
enough market. Even when we achieve INR 2 lakh tonnes, we are not looking at more than 
45%-50% market share, which today, 60%-65% of the market is being served through imports. 
This is all that we can replace, which is big enough for us already. 
Jay Patel: 
Got it. Final question is regarding our future CAPEX strategy. Over the past two years, we have 
been pretty aggressive with the CAPEX, and somewhere our utilization levels have suﬀered. Do 
you have any number in mind that in future, a certain number when we hit certain utilization, 

 
 
Bansal Wire Industries Limited  
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
after that only we will be doing future CAPEX? Because what happens is when the infra growth 
slows, Pranav ji, we will be left with excess capacity, and it could hurt our ﬁnancials. That's why 
I was asking. 
Pranav Bansal: 
You are absolutely right, sir. As a strategy and one unique advantage that we enjoy here is that 
more than 50% of our equipments we manufacture ourselves. We are backward integrated into 
manufacturing our own machinery, which gives us a lot of ﬂexibility in terms of deploying our 
CAPEX. Today as a company, we need land and the basic infrastructure. Equipments, we are 
very ﬂexible. As and when we see demand in a particular segment is when we expand. We don't 
have to plan a year or year and a half in advance. We only have to plan six months in advance 
to put up new capacities. Therefore, the strategy is to start the year with 20%-25% excess 
capacity to enable us to grow at 20%-25% for the year, not more. Even this year, if you look at 
it, we started with INR 6.8 lakh tonnes of capacity, which is 20%-25% extra capacity for us to 
grow. That is the only capacity that we need. As a company, we set our CAPEX to about INR 200 
crore-INR 250 crore this year. At the current base of EBITDA or revenue that we have, to grow 
at 20%, we need to deploy INR 200 crore-INR 250 crore every year. This is what we will keep on 
doing each and every year. There is not going to be one year of very high CAPEX as of now, 
other than the Speciality segment. 
Jay Patel: 
Right. Thank you. That's very helpful. Thank you, and all the best for the future. 
Pranav Bansal: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Aditya Bhartia with Investec Capital 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Pranav, my question was also on vendor ﬁnancing. Just want to understand what's the roadmap 
over there. To what extent do we want to keep doing vendor ﬁnancing? At the same time, is 
there a scope of getting receivable days down sharply and as the B2C business scales up, 
involving channel ﬁnancing as well? 
Pranav Bansal: 
Sir, we have already started doing a lot of channel ﬁnancing with our customers. We have also 
renegotiated with a lot of customers wherein we could see that while maintaining market 
share, we could reduce our receivables. Other than that, also, there is a lot of scope on the 
receivable side. So that is deﬁnitely in our strategy. This year and next year, most of our cash 
ﬂows you will see will also come from receivable days going down. So that is deﬁnitely one of 
our main strategies. With that being said, there is a lot of scope in increasing our payable days. 
At least for the inventory carrying days that we have, we would want to substitute that with 
days payable. A bit of both honestly can help us bring down our total capital base. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
I understood. That's helpful. Thanks, Pranav. 

 
 
Bansal Wire Industries Limited  
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Anil Shah with Dalal & Broacha. Please go 
ahead. 
Anil Shah: 
Thank you for taking my question again. Actually, I had bookkeeping questions. With our 
previous con-call, we had knowledge that we are planning to sell our balance land of the Sanand 
facility, but we do not see it being presented in the balance sheet as an asset held for sale. I 
believe that it's the IndAS requirement. Could you just share with that, please? 
Ghanshyam Gujrati: 
Actually, Sanand facility, we have said that Sanand facility will not be disposed obviously. And it 
will be the additional land available to us, that we are thinking about that. Nothing more than 
that. Our expansion is going on there, and it will be there.  
Anil Shah: 
Yes. If I remember correctly, I think Pranav sir had mentioned that we are trying to sell it and 
cash it out because we had already deferred our backward integration project. That is why I 
think there's a bit of a confusion. 
Pranav Bansal: 
Yes. Correction here. It is not that we are trying to sell oﬀ the entire facility. We have already 
started expanding in the Sanand facility with wire CAPEX, about 90,000 tonnes, but we have 
excess land, we will take a call on that deﬁnitely. Some part of it we might sell, not completely, 
because we are expanding already there. 
Anil Shah: 
Okay, sir. Okay. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Pranav Bansal for the closing remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pranav Bansal: 
So, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I hope we have answered all your questions. If 
there's anything else, please let us know, we will be happy to answer any more questions that 
you ask. Thank you. Thank you again for your interest. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Bansal Wire Industries Limited, that 
concludes this conference. For any queries, you can connect with Adfactors IR Team. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
