 
Leading Through Innovation 
 
ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
CIN: L40106HR2015PLC102129 
Corporate Office: 4th, 6th to 8th Floor, Block A1, DLF World Tech Park, DLF IT SEZ Silokhera, Sector 30, Gurugram, Haryana 122001 India 
Tel: +91-124-4507100 Fax: +91-124-7117001 
Regd. Office: Plot No .152, Sector-44, Gurugram 122002, Haryana, India 
Tel: +91-124-7117000 Fax: +91-124-7117001  
Email: cs.acme@acme.in; Website: www.acmesolar.in; 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To 
 
To 
BSE Limited 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Corporate Relationship Dept., 
 
Corporate Relationship Dept., 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001 
 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 544283 
 
Symbol: ACMESOLAR 
 
 
 
 
Reference: Regulations 30 and 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, as amended and our earlier intimation dated July 21, 
2026, regarding Earnings Call for Q1 FY27 results with 
analyst(s)/institutional investor(s) 
 
Subject: 
Earning Call transcript of the Investors Conference Call held on the 
unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the 
Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026 (Q1 FY27) 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
  
In terms of Regulation 30 and 46 read with Part A of Schedule III of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, as amended, please find enclosed herewith the transcript in respect 
of Earnings Conference Call with the Analysts/Investors held on Thursday, July 
30, 2026, on the unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of 
the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
The Transcript of the conference call has been uploaded on the Company’s website 
and the same can be accessed from the link provided below: 
 
https://www.acmesolar.in/assets/pdf/Webcasts-and-
Transcripts/04.08.2026_Q1_FY27_Intimation_Earning_Call_Transcript.pdf 
 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
 
 
Rajesh Sodhi 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
RAJESH 
SODHI
Digitally signed by 
RAJESH SODHI 
Date: 2026.08.04 
22:14:18 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 30, 2026 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  MR. MANOJ KUMAR UPADHYAY – CHAIRMAN 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – ACME SOLAR 
HOLDINGS LIMITED 
 
MR. NIKHIL DHINGRA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – ACME SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED 
 
MR. ARUN CHOPRA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– ACME SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED 
 
MR. ANKIT VERMA – DIRECTOR AND HEAD, 
CORPORATE FINANCE – ACME SOLAR 
HOLDINGS LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NIKUNJ SETH – MUFG INTIME 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to ACME Solar Holdings Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by MUFG Intime. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nikunj Seth. Thank you, and over to you, Nikunj. 
Nikunj Seth: 
Thank you, Danish. Hello, everyone. Welcome to Q1 FY27 earnings conference call of ACME 
Solar Holdings Limited. From the management, we have with us Mr. Manoj Kumar Upadhyay, 
Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Nikhil Dhingra, CEO; Mr. Arun Chopra, CFO; and Mr. 
Ankit Verma, Director and Head of Corporate Finance. 
 
Now I would like to hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Ankit Verma: 
Thanks, Nikunj. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I am Ankit 
Verma, Director, Corporate Finance, and it is my pleasure to present the highlights of our 
performance for the first quarter of FY27. 
 
Before we get started, I'd like to thank all our shareholders for their continued trust and support. 
We're also pleased to have successfully completed our QIP, which reflects the confidence 
investors have in our long-term vision. This would give us the flexibility to prepone our capex 
for our under-construction projects and deliver better return economics. 
 
Let me now begin with our financial performance. This quarter marks another milestone for the 
company as we delivered the highest ever revenue and EBITDA in our history. Total revenue 
for the quarter stood at INR954 crores, which is up 63% year-on-year, while EBITDA increased 
56% to INR831 crores. This strong performance was driven by higher CUF, revenue 
contribution from our BESS operations and renewable capacity additions. Our total EBITDA 
margin was around 87%. 
 
Looking at the businesses separately, our renewable energy portfolio delivered an EBITDA 
margin of around 88%- 89%, while the BESS business recorded a margin of approximately 82%. 
The difference is primarily because the cost of power purchased for charging the batteries is 
accounted for within the operating expenses. Therefore, the blended margin should be viewed 
in that context. 
 
Profit after tax stood at INR235 crores, which is up 80% on a Y-o-Y basis, translating into PAT 
margin of around 25%. Our asset base expanded significantly to around INR25,000 crores 
following the commissioning of new assets and batteries. During the quarter, we incurred capital 
expenditure of around INR3,000 crores. And for the full year, we upgraded our capex to 
approximately INR15,000 crores to INR20,000 crores. 

 
 
ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
 
Moving to our battery energy storage system updates. In line with our strategy of early 
deployment, we commissioned approximately 2.3 gigawatt hour during the quarter till date, 
taking our cumulative commissioned BESS capacity to approximately 3.62 gigawatt hour. With 
this, we now account for around 40% share of India's cumulative commissioned BESS capacity 
till date, one of the highest in the country. 
 
 
Our BESS operations made a meaningful financial contribution this quarter. Out of the total 
revenue of INR954 crores in this quarter, INR226 crores came from BESS power sales, 
comprising approximately 85% revenue from short-term contracts and balance from merchant 
sales. 
 
BESS power sale is delivering a healthy annual EBITDA to capex yield of more than 20%. We 
have demonstrated large-scale FDRE through battery operations in a bigger and demanding way 
by charging, discharging the batteries in a 15-minute slot interval. 
 
We have secured short-term BESS contracts during the quarter, locking in more than INR1,400 
crores of revenue for partial FY27 BESS commission capacity. Also we will keep on 
participating and tie up more such contracts for full BESS capacity in '27. 
 
Operational performance for batteries continues to remain better vis-a-vis our design expectation 
with a round-trip efficiency of approximately 89%, depth of discharge of around 93% and state 
of health being more than 99.9%. Also the plant availability for batteries is more than 99%. 
 
Coming to our other business updates, we signed 600 megawatt of FDRE and hybrid PPAs with 
SECI during the quarter, which takes our total PPA signed capacity to 3,880 megawatts out of 
total under-construction capacity of 5,080 megawatts. Balance projects of around 1,200 
megawatts for which PPAs are yet to be signed are progressing well and expected to get signed 
soon. With this, our total portfolio now stands at 8,070 megawatts, which will entail around 20 
gigawatt hour of battery storage. 
 
During the quarter, we also achieved the highest capacity utilization factor in the company's 
history at 30.9% compared with 28.5% in the corresponding quarter last year. Power generation 
increased by 23% year-on-year to 2020 million units. During the quarter, we secured financing 
of approximately INR6,000 crores for our 700 megawatts of under-construction FDRE projects. 
And with this, debt has now been tied up for nearly 85% of our PPA-signed portfolio. 
 
Before I move to sector updates, let me briefly address the recent incident at our ACME 
Suryodaya BESS facility. As we had communicated earlier, certain media reports incorrectly 
suggested that the fire originated within the battery system. I would like to reiterate that the 
detailed technical root cause analysis has now been completed and the investigation confirmed 
that the incident was caused by an electrical short circuit in the AC cabling between the 

 
 
ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
transformer and power conversion system, which resulted in a localized fire and equipment 
shutdown. 
 
Importantly, there was no damage to any battery systems or any other equipment at the site. We 
prevented it by already deployed safety measures across detection, suppression and containment. 
These include AI-enabled video analytics for early fire detection, arc-flash sensors within PCS 
panels, additional aerosol-based fire suppression systems inside PCS enclosures and enhanced 
fire barriers between electrical equipment along with improved cable protection. 
 
Also we have long-term warranty for BESS and other equipments from the suppliers. We have 
also built a best-in-class in-house 50 members EPS BESS team, which is responsible for overall 
integration, including installation, commissioning and operation of BESS. 
 
Now turning to key sector and regulatory updates. India's power sector witnessed a strong start 
to FY27, supported by expanding economic activity, delayed monsoons and elevated cooling 
demand. Aggregate electricity demand during Q1 grew 8.8% year-on-year to 485 billion units. 
Peak power demand also reached a new all-time high of 271 gigawatt during the quarter, with 
this momentum continuing into July as well when delayed monsoons and persistent humidity 
again pushed peak demand close to 270 gigawatt. 
 
India's installed power generation capacity crossed 548 gigawatts as of 30th June 2026, with 
non-fossil fuel sources now accounting for approximately 54% of the total installed capacity. 
During the quarter alone, the country added nearly 13.9 gigawatts of renewable capacity, taking 
cumulative renewable capacity to 289 gigawatts. 
 
On the policy front, several developments are encouraging for the sector. MNRE extended the 
commissioning deadline for Open Access and Net Metering renewable projects to 31 December 
2026, ensuring a smoother transition to cell-level List-II compliance. This also provides us 
greater flexibility to evaluate and commission merchant BESS projects co-located with solar 
generation. 
 
The Ministry of Power extended the graded ISTS waiver benefits for projects delayed due to 
transmission readiness for PPAs signed up to 30th June 2026. This reduces financial risk for 
developers and provides greater clarity for discoms while also benefiting our offtakers where 
GNA availability is delayed. 
 
Additionally, CTU has begun granting BESS connectivity through Right of First Refusal route 
which should accelerate BESS deployment while strengthening the grid reliability and enabling 
better participation during evening peak power demand. 
 
Looking ahead, our priorities remain centered on disciplined execution while continuing to build 
a healthy project pipeline. We are upgrading our BESS commissioning guidance from 10 
gigawatt hour by calendar year 2027 to more than 10 gigawatt hour by fiscal year 2027, 
effectively bringing forward this milestone by nearly 3 quarters. 

 
 
ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
 
For FY27, we also expect to operate -- we also expect to commission 1.5 gigawatt of contracted 
renewable energy generation capacity, subject to timely availability of substation and 
transmission lines. We have already ordered more than 15 gigawatt hour of battery from leading 
global suppliers, including CATL and Hithium well within our budgeted cost. 
 
From the industry growth perspective, we expect to see large bids going forward, especially 
across the following categories: midterm contracts, long-term peak power, RTC FDRE, CFD 
related to peak power and state bids. We will continue to actively pursue all such opportunities 
to capitalize on evolving market demand and merchant market dynamics. 
 
By 2030, we contemplate to increase our target beyond 10 gigawatt as guided earlier, basis the 
new growth opportunities that we are seeing in the market, and we will keep you updated on the 
same in coming quarters. 
 
With that, I conclude my remarks. Thank you for your continued support. We'll now be happy 
to take your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. Our first question comes from the line of Subhadip Mitra from Nuvama Wealth 
Management. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Firstly, congratulations for a great set of numbers. And clearly, your strategy of early BESS 
commissioning with the short-term sales for peak power is working and reflecting in numbers. 
So congratulations on that. 
 
My questions are largely around the BESS piece because clearly, that's adding a lot of traction 
to the numbers. So in your estimate, what quantum of, let's say, open market or early 
commissioning of BESS is what you're estimating, let's say, in the current fiscal in FY27 and for 
the next couple of years? 
 
And the second question is in the current short-term contract of the INR1,400 crores locked-in 
revenue that you've talked about, what would be the ballpark range of realizations that you're 
looking for, for the BESS short-term contracts? 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Right, right, Subhadip. So thanks for the query. So in terms of the -- this year is the 10-gigawatt 
hour by end of this March is what we will have on a daily basis in terms of the capacity being 
sold. Of course, as we scale up from 3.6 to 10, this will be a number which will keep on adding 
every month, and that is how we are contracting, planning for the capacity additions. 
And there is an upward bias to this number because the contracting we have done is higher than 
-- much higher than 10 gigawatt hour. So as and when the deliveries are made, there could be an 
upward revision to this number. 
 
In terms of the realizations from the contracted capacity, they range from, you can say, between 
8 to 10 in terms of the realizations, depending on the month and depending on the volume of the 

 
 
ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
contract. These are all bids conducted on the DEEP portal and the HP-TAM markets. So those 
are the ranges which are publicly available. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Understood. And as a follow-up, the 10-gigawatt hour by March '27 will naturally move 
upwards, I guess, over the next couple of years. Any ballpark range because I believe the overall 
number will be 20-gigawatt hour. So how much of that would be, let's say, open capacity for the 
next couple of years that you can look at? 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
So in terms of open capacity, we have only right now 600-megawatt hour, which is open, which 
also is planned to go into a PPA. So we aim to have 0 open capacity by end of this year. We 
don't want to operate any merchant outside of PPA. So it is -- the target is to have 0 outside PPA. 
This is all inside PPA, all the capacity we are operating. Only a 300-megawatt plant, which is 
300 into 2 right now, which are scaling up to 300 into 4. That is something which we are yet to 
contract. Rest are all -- there is nothing open. 
Manoj Kumar Upadhyay: So I would like to add here that -- my name is Manoj. So I would like to add here. Every year, 
at least 10-gigawatt hour of battery will remain exposed to -- remain for the merchant market. 
And next year, it will go to the PPA. So to answer your question from 2 ways. One, we don't 
expose ourselves for merchant market for the battery for next 25 years. But our plan for next 5 
years is at least 10 to 12-gigawatt hour batteries remain available for the short-term power 
market. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
So yes, it's an important distinction, which I forgot to make. So the thing is we are doing early 
capex, as you rightly noted, right, in terms of the BESS installations. So first year, you can say, 
will be merchant and let's say, around -- so 1 year of merchant operations, but the capex is all 
allocated towards PPA, in terms of the final destination. So that's how it is working. 
 
There is no open -- from a long-term perspective, the BESS is not open other than the 300-
megawatt plant, which is currently open, but we are aiming to put it in the next bid, which 
happens. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Aniket from SBI Mutual Fund. 
Aniket: 
Sir, when I look at the presentation, the GNA timeline for the SJVN FDRE is about June '27. So 
I just wanted to understand how do we look at the commissioning for that? Like, would you 
want to upfront the battery and wait for the solar commissioning to be pushed out of FY27? Or 
just your views on that. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Yes, please. So Aniket, you're very right. We have already commissioned the battery for these 
2 plants, if you look at Heergarh and one more substation. 
Manoj Kumar Upadhyay: Bikaner II. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Bikaner II. Those 2 are already commissioned BESS for the SJVN plant. So that is already 
commissioned, like you rightly noted. But the GNA connectivity is scheduled for the month, 

 
 
ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
which you again noted in next year. So that's the only time we can commission the solar. So 
that's how it will work. 
Aniket: 
Understood. And the capex for that then will also get pushed out, like the modules and all you've 
not placed the orders for that? 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
So how we are going about is, yes, the capex is by and large done for the non-module part. We 
are done with, let's say, 80% of the transmission line and rest of the substations and the plant 
infrastructure. So the modules, we are looking at opportunistically, let's say, right now, the 
module prices are sub INR12, right? They are in the range of INR11.60 because of the changes 
in China regulation. Till -- from now till December is a good time to buy modules where you 
are buying Chinese cells. 
 
So we will be very opportunistic about the module and the other purchase, but we will want to 
minimize the interest during construction. So we'll balance these 2 objectives and buy modules, 
right? And we are also requesting that if there is any preponement on the GSS side that we are 
also working with, but we are viewing like that. 
 
In terms of the Fatehgarh II independently, which is not relevant to the PPA question you asked, 
but separately this Fatehgarh II is the bay is charged. So if we want to give the nighttime power, 
which we don't want to for this particular PPA. But for future PPAs or other PPAs we are doing 
there, the bay will be charged – bay is currently charged. So it is capable of evacuating nighttime 
power, which is not relevant to the question you asked. 
Aniket: 
Got that. Understood. And just on the INR1,400 crores of contracts that have been locked in, 
typically what's the tenure for this? And what are the aggregate units that we need to supply 
under this? 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
So see, the realizations, Aniket, we mentioned is around INR8 to INR10, in some cases higher 
also. So that's the -- you can calculate the amount of units because as the capacity is currently 
3.6, it is going to 10. So the capacity will keep on adding up, and that's how the volume weighted 
megawatt hour will be arrived. 
 
So in terms of the contract nature, they range from -- until March, we had a couple of bids where 
we participated where the states are buying power for March today. Because of the El Nino 
effect, there is a lot of planning which states are doing in terms of the shortage they are 
perceiving across the monsoon months, we are also seeing strong demand. 
 
So typically, they are less than a year. All these are less than a year because that's where the 
short-term market is in terms of the contracts. But we are also seeing the midterm bids coming 
up from various states where they're looking at 5-year contracts. But that 5-year contract, we 
only have one project which we can offer from, like we mentioned, which is currently non-tied 
up. 

 
 
ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
 
So we are only looking for bids under 1 year because keeping in mind our commitments and 
other things. So they are typically, you can say, maximum 1 year, but typical range is around 6 
to 9 months ahead. 
Aniket: 
Understood, sir. And within this quarter, the battery that we have, how many cycles are we 
running in a day on an average? 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
One cycle a day. 
Aniket: 
One cycle a day. Okay. And just to confirm the 20-gigawatt hour battery, how much have we 
already contracted? 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
So we have contracted almost all of it. You can say around 90% of it, so already contracted. And 
in terms of the timing of battery procurement, that's an important point that we foresee that this 
year is a good time to purchase because there is a 6% export tax being imposed in China from 
January. So that's another thing. And of course, the merchant market-wise also earlier, the better. 
 
So given that we have contracted, by and large, all of it in terms of the contract. Wherever the 
PPA is not signed, that is -- we don't count it as something we need to order. So that is what is 
left. But wherever PPA is signed, there we have ordered the battery. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Congratulations on a very good quarter. My first question is, can you just help us with the 
depreciation and interest in the quarter, especially for the batteries, which were accounted in the 
P&L? 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Right. Yes. In terms of the policy, it's a 20-year depreciation for the batteries. So in terms of the 
number, I'll just give you the numbers. Arun, can you spell out numbers? You can spell out the 
numbers. 
Arun Chopra: 
Yes. So the interest portion in the battery part is around INR32 crores and the depreciation part 
is around INR27 crores. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood. My second question is on the -- of course, the CERC introduced a free exit option 
of merchant route conversion for lacking a signed PPA. I think you mentioned in the PPT that 
this is advantageous to us. Can you just help us how does it impact us in slightly more granular 
details? 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Sure, sure. So as you would have noted that, Mohit, that bulk of our PPAs are signed. And the 
rest of the LOAs, which are still left are also on a good track to be signed. So we will gain from 
this freed-up connectivity where the PPAs are not signed and where the people have not -- where 
the people don't want to do, let's say, the alternatives which CERC is suggesting, let's say, putting 
up a merchant plant or putting up a C&I if their PPAs are not signed. 

 
 
ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
 
So there is a -- we are expecting that quite a few -- quite a large number of connectivity may be 
freed up by this initiative, which is a good initiative by CERC. So that's how we are positive in 
terms of the future growth that we were seeking highest GHI connectivity always. So this will 
enable us to try and, let's say, if there are options for this connectivity, which is freed up, it will 
help us get that, which we could not have got if this initiative would not have taken place. 
 
And secondly, it will also help the CTU plan the future connectivity better, which is good for 
the grid in terms of the overall country that the connectivity is appropriately utilized and not 
stranded, and also good for batteries because the nighttime also will come around those -- 
because there is a Right of First Refusal attached to some of these connectivities, which will be 
freed up. So that will also free up a lot of non-ROFR connectivity or a ROFR connectivity, which 
is all linked to the solar connectivity. So very good development for us and the industry. 
Mohit Kumar: 
My last question is what is the expectation on bidding activity for the next 9 months in this fiscal 
for REs. We have seen that there is a slowdown in general in bidding, especially in the last 
quarter and FY26. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Right. So in terms of the bidding, as you know, that we only have one area, which is now 6 
months since that initiative. So SECI is consolidating all the bids. And now they've put in a rule 
that they will not come up with a bid until they have a prior -- more or less firm commitment on 
the requirement of power. So what we are seeing is the cycle time from bid to PPA will reduce 
because of that.  
So the quantum of bids, of course, have reduced from SECI because of that because they are 
realigning their whole sales and procurement system basis this guideline from the ministry. So 
what we have seen from them is a good amount of PSP, good amount of wind, good amount of 
4-hour peak power bids, the full round-the-clock FDRE bid. So very large bids are expected. 
And we have... 
Arun Chopra: 
CFD. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
CFD is another contract for difference. So these are all -- which are very solid bids backed by 
demand from the counterparties. Bengal is coming up with a good amount of requirement post 
elections. Then there are a lot of other states which are coming up and, let's say, for the round-
the-clock FDRE, there is a good demand. And these are all high crores per megawatt capex bids. 
So in terms of the capex and ROCE, these are very significant bids. And it is good for serious 
players because it needs connectivity at multiple places. It needs integration of various sources. 
So that is there. 
 
Then other than SECI, there are a lot of medium-term bids which are coming up from the states, 
like we said, like a 5-year peak power procurement. Even Gujarat and a lot of other states are 
coming up with their own FDRE in terms of the high creditworthy states. So that's, again, a good 
opportunity. And with the ISTS waiver going -- there is, again, move towards BESS tenders and 
again, move towards putting up projects in high-resource states. Some states are going for that 

 
 
ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
like Maharashtra is also coming up with those kind of bids. So the format of the bids have 
changed. There is no solar bid which will come, right? There is no -- of course, pure wind bids 
will continue coming. 
 
But the battery-related bids will be the focus. There is no bid in renewable, which will come 
other than PSP, which will not have battery. So you will see that the focus will be -- and also 
there is a rightsizing of battery bids, which will happen because of delay in the VGF-based 
projects, which was done by various states. 
 
So states will also size up how they realign post that bids in terms of the actual execution of 
those bids. So you will see that realignment currently going on because they were hoping for 
that execution, but that execution is not happening because of the competitive nature of those 
bids. So some realignment because of which the volume is currently low, but the structure being 
put in place and the demand drivers are very strong. 
Manoj Upadhyay: 
The megawatt-wise, I think I would like to also add, the megawatt-wise, there may be lesser 
megawatt, but each megawatt will be equivalent to 4 megawatt of solar because they are round-
the-clock type of power, which we expect more and more to come in. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sambhav Kela with HSBC Bank. 
Sambhav Kela: 
My first question is on the PPAs that you have signed this quarter. So on the 2 projects, are there 
any change in terms that have allowed you or enabled you to sign these PPAs, especially for the 
hybrid project? And also, if you could elaborate on the configuration of these 2 projects? 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Right, right, right. For the hybrid project, what we have done is we have offered 1 hour of battery, 
right? That is the change to the standard configuration, right? And the second project, which we 
have signed is which one? 
Arun Chopra: 
INR6.28 per unit. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Yes. This is no change. There is no change in that project configuration. 
Sambhav Kela: 
Okay. Okay. Got it. And secondly, if I look at your last quarter's PPT, there is one ACME 
Marigold LOA awarded project where you had mentioned that you have been invited to sign a 
PPA. So any progress there? What's the update? 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Yes, yes, yes. Yes. So actually, this is being signed with the Northeast, one of the state in the 
Northeast. So they were taking time to -- because you know the railway status is currently as an 
open access party is being revised by Supreme Court, you must have gone through that 
proceeding. So because of which it is -- it took time. 
 
We are still very advanced stage, and we have given the bank guarantee for signing PPA. So it 
is expected to be signed very, very shortly. It took some time at their end, at the state end. The 

 
 
ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
REMCL is very proactive on this, but the railway unit in the Northeast took some time. So this 
is still at a -- it's 100% going to be signed very soon. 
Sambhav Kela: 
Got it. Got it. And just lastly, if I -- just a clarification. On the projects that are -- that were 
targeted to be commissioned this year and where the GNA timeline is well into FY28, what 
you're saying is that you will perhaps operate BESS on those projects, but you won't commission 
them early and operate them on TGNA, right? Is that understanding correct? 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
So see, the Ministry is also requesting everybody given the curtailment in Rajasthan and others. 
So every Ministry also doesn't want people to commission because there was a representation 
by the industry that there is a lot of curtailment happening in the whole state. So nobody in the 
industry would like to commission on TGNA because the amount of curtailment which you get 
is not good for your shareholders or anybody, right? Even the lenders would not like it. 
 
So it is prudent to plan such that you only supply where your lines are complete -- all the 
elements of the line are ready, right? You right-size your plant. So we will -- wherever the solar 
GNA is available, right, we will try and prepone the plant as much as possible because it is 
always beneficial for us to early-commission the whole plant, so which we will continue to do. 
But wherever the solar GNA is not available, it does not make sense to buy modules and keep 
them stranded or not generate the whole PPA power because that is IRR decretive. So we will 
never do that. 
Manoj Kumar Upadhyay: So to clarify, I think your question also this one, we will make the plant ready in terms of 
transmission line, substation and even the entire balance of the plant. What we will do is we will 
operate the battery there at the plant. And whenever the daytime GNA gets operational, then we 
will start feeding solar. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Apoorva Bahadur with IIFL Capital. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
You mentioned in your presentation and in the commentary as well that you have signed a locked 
BESS capacity, which will earn about INR1,400 crores of revenue in this year. Can you share 
how much of the BESS capacity has been locked in and how much of the storage inventory is 
available for further monetization? 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
So Apoorva, you can -- we have mentioned INR1,400 crores. So you can say that is around 70% 
to 80% of our capacity, which is locked in and 20% is still left. And this is assuming a 10-
gigawatt hour kind of a number by March. If we go above, then we will need to contract that. 
But we are slightly -- we want to basically factor in any supply chain or such kind of issues. 
That's why we are guiding for 10-gigawatt hour. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Okay. And the EBITDA margins would be similar as 1Q, 82%? Or do you expect a change over 
there as well? 

 
 
ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
So see, the -- as you know, yes, the Q1 is a slightly better quarter. But since the commissioning 
happened in a staggered manner, right? So the interest and depreciation, so we will have to see. 
I'll have to come back to you on this one. But by and large, not very different from this, right? 
So the cost of power was also similar. So it should be similar. I think it would not be very 
different, maybe 2% to 5% here and there, but not very different. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Understood. That's quite helpful. Also in your presentation, I think you shared the capital cost 
for BESS, which has been capitalized around INR93 lakhs per megawatt, if I'm not wrong. So 
yes, so that comes to around about $100 per kilowatt hour. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Yes. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
How are you seeing this trend? I think initially, the first few batches which we ordered were at 
a slightly lower rate. And now what is the current price of delivered BESS into India? 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Right, you are very right, Apoorva. So the initial BESS we ordered were at a lower prices. And 
then, of course, the lithium carbonate is a very volatile commodity. And of course, China has 
some -- has, again, a supply-demand economics through which things play out. So this INR93 
lakh could go up, right, could go up for the future BESS, but not again by a very high percentage, 
not more than maybe 5% to 10%. 
Arun Chopra: 
Yes. Within our budgeted cost. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Within our budgeted cost. So because rest of the components, we are saving like the PCS is 
coming lower than the budgeted cost, and rest of the components are also coming in. And mind 
you, we are building at the substations where the line is already there, right? Line and substation 
is already there. So that also helps us save cost. 
 
The other thing is we are not factoring in the hedging gains we will have in this cost because we 
have already hedged more than $300 million of dollar from which we have a lot of hedging. So 
we are telling you the cost as we are spending it. And there will be -- so in terms of the -- because 
we have locked in a rate of around $89, $90, in some cases $92, $93 also depending on where 
the dollar was at that.  
But we keep on hedging as and when the opportunity comes because it's a very volatile world. 
So we keep looking for opportunities to hedge. So that -- there is, you can say, a positive bias in 
terms of reducing cost on the -- because of the dollar movement. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
And this INR93 lakhs, which you mentioned comprises given that it's a capitalized cost, IDC, 
EPC profit. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Everything, yes. Everything. 
Arun Chopra: 
Yes. So INR93 lakhs, including the transformer, everything. 

 
 
ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Okay. Okay. Sure. Sir, also, I want to know your thoughts on the depth of the merchant market, 
which can support how much of BESS capacity can it support, right? Because the arbitrage is so 
good that I think a lot of players are jumping in with both feet, a lot of BESS capacity has been 
awarded. And I think now the entire probably industry is trying to replicate our strategy. So how 
do you see this? I mean, for how long will these spreads sort of hold where they are? Or do you 
see a compression and by when? 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
So see, Apoorva, it's a very important question, which we keep on debating. So the key thing 
here is that this is a very nascent market in terms of the availability of BESS, right? The peak 
power demand was always there, but people who are meeting it through alternative methods. 
 
Let's say, we go to states for selling this power. So what they say is that we are buying round-
the-clock power. They are buying thermal, right? They are buying thermal because there is no 
gas this year. So people are buying thermal. So when they look at the math of buying a thermal 
for meeting their peak requirement, they have to buy it for more number of hours than they 
actually need to for this. 
 
When they look at the actual problem they have, that is in the 4 hours or 6 hours, mostly in the 
night, right, where this product is actually was not there till last year. So this is an unmet need, 
which was there last year, but there was no supply of that product, right? So if you look at the 
let's say, 40%, we and Adani are doing it, right, very small supply if you look at it from the 
BESS side, right? And nobody is actually doing merchant, right? People are -- people like us, 
and even I'm sure Adani would also have a plan to put it in long-term contracts, right? So people 
are not putting up specific merchant plants, right, which are online for 25 years. 
 
Everybody will -- like we have a consistent pipeline, which will keep on coming for every year. 
So first of all, I wanted to clarify that the supply for pure merchant will not be very high, right? 
Because some of our plants will go into PPA, then we'll again get into new projects execution. 
So like Manoj ji guided that 10-gigawatt hour we will have on a, let's say, merchant basis every 
year because we are executing projects, right, which are -- which have PPA. 
 
So the supply side, I'm not very bullish on the huge supply into the BESS on an open basis, 
right? So there will be very opportunistic supplies coming in into the BESS from the supply side 
first, right? In terms of the demand, so this has opened a very new, let's say, each state is now 
evaluating it very seriously because they were not aware of this availability, right? And they 
were not aware of the ability to supply, right? 
 
Here, we are supplying 15-minute power on demand every day, right? They were not aware that 
this kind of very fine supply can be done by battery because there is a low trust on battery, right? 
It is new for everybody, right, including suppliers, including takers. So that trust is growing by 
state and state. So let's say, we will be supplying to more or less 6, 7 states right now, right? 
 
So they have consumed power from us, Adani, various other players also, everybody is doing it. 
So there is a growing trust. And now the bids will come, which will factor in that supply. Earlier, 

 
 
ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
the bids were basically compared with the round-the-clock power or the gas power, which is 
much, much higher than this cost.  
 
In terms of the absolute quantum, as the solar -- see, all the FDRE which is coming or all the 
peak power is coming or even the connectivity, which power -- Ministry of Power is giving, all 
battery is coming with solar. There is no battery which is coming in without solar because it's 
all co-located solar. So you are not seeing actually the sync which the grid needs because of 
excess solar. So when the sync comes when there is a net battery addition without solar. 
 
So in terms of -- we see that addition of new solar addition of, let's say, ramping down of more 
thermal, right, we'll see the requirement of peak power going high, much more than currently. 
So in terms of the factors driving it, that's there. 
Manoj Kumar Upadhyay: Yes. I would like to add here. Actually, we -- this peak is driven by the duck curve phenomena. 
So you know that we are adding the rooftops, 6, 7 gigawatts of rooftop. What is happening is 
when you add rooftop, that is also reflected in the grid. We are adding KUSUM, that is also 
reflected in the grid. You are adding B2B type that is also reflected in the grid. 
 
As the duck curve is pushing towards 0, both the site demand actually for the peak power will 
go up. My own conclusion right now tells is around 300-gigawatt hour, but I see that it will get 
pushed towards -- as we are adding more solar, like Nikhil shared, in every FDRE, we are adding 
more solar to the grid. 
 
As we are adding more and more solar, the evening and morning peak will push towards the 
higher side. So I see that we will be close to 400 to 500 gigawatt hour. In the positive scenario, 
it may touch even 1 terawatt hour kind of a situation. That's where this market will take. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Very interesting, sir. And lastly, I think I just want to touch upon this, maybe a temporary 
slowdown in renewable auctions. Do you see some sort of a change in the pattern of demand, 
like you said that because of rooftop and because of C&I. And specifically for C&I, do we have 
plans for entering that space or anything on the captive side that you're thinking about? 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
So yes. So in terms of the bids, Apoorva, like we said, there is a recalibration because of the 
change in the format and change in the, you can say, the binding nature of the bids. So we see 
that the government-backed bids or the government SECI-backed bids will come in quite 
strongly in the next, you can say, 6 to 9 months and from there on, because there is a definite 
plan to do that.  
And they are procuring various other commodities like green ammonia and various other things, 
which should also add to the whole demand. So they are diversifying their procurement. So that's 
one. So we -- and the states will also come, the CFD will come, the peak power bids will come. 
So that's -- so there is going to be a revival of that. That is -- we're very positive about it. 

 
 
ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
 
Secondly, on the C&I part, so that is something we are considering in terms of the various things. 
But as long as our pipeline and the IRRs on the government bids are strong, right, it will always 
compete with the C&I for that. And we will never dilute the mid-teen or high-teen returns we 
target for our -- this thing. 
 
And also, our focus is on CTU projects because it gives us flexibility -- so for using that power 
in terms of peak power or towards various use cases. So we will always look for CTU connected 
C&I customers. And of course, we will definitely come in the next coming quarters in terms of 
some of the other use cases, which are not non-government. So we are actively exploring that, 
and we have made good progress on that as well. We will update you whenever there is anything 
concrete there, but there is a definite plan to do that. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Nikhil Abhyankar with UTI Mutual Fund. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
I just want one clarity. I mean, ex of BESS, if you look at the EBITDA, it has grown almost 20-
odd percent, while we haven't really put in a significant capacity addition as such. So what 
exactly is driving that number? And if you can also quantify the impact of curtailment in this 
quarter and Y-o-Y? 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Right, right. Very important question, Nikhil. So if you look at this quarter, our CUF has gone 
up by around... 
Arun Chopra: 
30.9%. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Has gone up to 30.9%, which is the absolute highest. So that is the biggest contribution to the 
higher EBITDA we had in this quarter. So like from last year -- year-on-year basis, we have 
gone up from 28.5% to 30.9%, right? And from the last quarter also, we have gone up 
significantly. So that's the key reason, right? The second part of the question was what? 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
No, the... 
Manoj Kumar Upadhyay: I would also like to add it here. We do the continuous repowering of the plant. So the plant, what 
you have seen perhaps the last year that we will have -- in this quarter, what we did in the 
repowering on the existing plant, that also is reflected in this. So these are the 2 factors which is 
driving the EBITDA apart from the BESS. So you asked one more -- sorry, there was a second 
part of your question, which I missed. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Curtailment. Curtailment this quarter Y-o-Y. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Yes. So curtailment contributed around 1% of the revenue, only from the state-based projects. 
So that was the curtailment on the overall revenue, 1% -- less than 1%. 
Manoj Kumar Upadhyay: Yes, that's one reason we are also thinking now even the state-based project, we are thinking 
that to add a little bit of battery. So in future, we can even capitalize on that. 

 
 
ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
So good -- I think we didn't add it in the industry update. There is a circular which has come up, 
which allows you to use your surplus renewable, which you generate in solar into batteries. So 
that is a good OM, which has come from the ministry. So that we will do in all our state projects 
that whatever megawatt hour we can charge, right, completely from that excess generation, it 
makes complete sense to do that. And that will completely eliminate the curtailment bit. Of 
course, it will be seasonal, but we will size up to eliminate as much as possible and also the 
DSM. 
 
So these 2 things will help by adding these batteries, which we are doing. So in future, we plan 
to eliminate it. Of course, we have some regulatory solutions to this, which we are again taking 
up at the appropriate forums to have the same curtailment-related provisions, which are there in 
the central grid in the states also. But there are some operational changes we are doing and there 
are some regulatory changes we are doing to reduce this number of 1%. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Anuj Upadhyay with Investec. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. So just a clarity on a question which was asked by a previous 
participant. You mentioned this INR1,400 crores of locked-in revenue from the BESS. Is it from 
the entire 10-gigawatt hour? Because in the presentation, you have highlighted that 50% of this 
10-gigawatt hour of BESS is largely towards or caters to the FDRE -- upcoming FDRE projects. 
So how exactly should we read through it? Is this from the 50% we have locked in INR1,400 
crores of revenues or it's for the entire 10-gigawatt hour? 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
So yes, 2 parts to your question. So one is currently, this is like we answered that it is around 
70%, 80% of the 10-gigawatt hour we have contracted, right? So 20% is still left to be contracted. 
And in terms of the -- what was the second question? 
Manoj Kumar Upadhyay: 50% of FDRE. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
So there is no -- 50% is not right. Actually, all of our capacity will go to PPA, like we said, other 
than the, you can say, 1,200 megawatt hour, which is in the merchant right now, which is again 
going to go to the future bids. So there is no 50% ratio unless you're referring to something 
specific. 
Manoj Kumar Upadhyay: No, actually, this question was also that some of the portion will go to FDRE project, which is 
getting committed to those projects. Those projects, we have already taken in effect. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Already factored that in. 
Manoj Kumar Upadhyay: Already factored that in. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
So that is not part of this sale. So wherever the battery is going to the FDRE, yes, you're right. 
Maybe you are referring to the Neemuch or some other plant. 
Manoj Kumar Upadhyay: Yes. 

 
 
ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Yes, yes. So that is not factored into this merchant sale, yes. 
Manoj Kumar Upadhyay: That is not factored into this merchant sale. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Right. So on an average, it's like 5 to 6 gigawatt hour, which we have tied in the short-term, 
which could face this INR1,400 crores kind of a revenue. And as Manoj sir, you are referring to, 
every year, on an average, we will be having roughly 10-gigawatt hour of open capacity, at least 
for the short term -- for any given year. 
Manoj Kumar Upadhyay: Correct. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Probably one can expect this INR1,400 crores of revenue can go up further to say, INR2000 -- 
INR2,500 crores kind of revenue from next year onwards? 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Yes, yes, we will basically confirm when we deliver. So right now, what we are delivering, we 
are only talking about that. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Fair point. And here, 1 cycle is for 3 hours or 4 hours the BESS. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
4 hours typically, only 4 hours. 
Manoj Kumar Upadhyay: Typically 4 hours. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Only in 1 project, we were doing 2 hours, which is now upgraded to 4 hours. So yes, typically, 
4 hours, in some cases, 6 hours also, depending on the PPA requirement. Some states are also 
buying 6 hour power like till 12:00 till 2:00. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Okay. And any plan to cater to the data center requirement on the C&I side? 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
So yes, it is a very promising sector, and we are building team around it. So we are -- we have 
started with the hiring and other key strategic planning. So of course, this is something we want 
to explore depending on the profitability, right? We want to play in the segment, which gives us 
long-term concessions and also caters to our strengths, which are around, you can say, building 
infrastructure and building infrastructure relating to power, right, and also the related 
competencies we have. 
 
So we are definitely -- this is the segment we don't want to ignore. So -- and of course, we are 
building our strengths around it in terms of the capabilities also and in terms of the marketing 
also. So yes, this is something which will -- and macro-wise, it will, of course, add to the 
requirements of Southern states and Western states in India, which is a big positive in terms of 
round-the-clock renewable power it is going to add. 
 
And we are going to see a lot of procurement, which will be driven by this -- and other than EV, 
right, this is the single biggest segment we see, which will increase the power demand for 
renewables and the peak demand in the country. 

 
 
ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Manoj Kumar Upadhyay: So there are 2 things I think I would like to add it. As we are adding more and more EV, the 
peak power demand for 1-hour, 2-hour, 3-hour will keep on adding more and more, especially 
in the evening and daytime. And the second is, as we are telling here, is that even the SECI is 
also now creating a platform where they will work with the data center. They will work with the 
data center to procure power for that. So if they also get into -- they are also working in this area. 
So if they become a customer, if they become aggregator, we will be very happy to participate 
on those bids. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
And even with the direct, right, even with the direct players because they are very credible 
players. The thing -- only thing right now, which we are figuring out is the profitability metrics 
because the profitability we are seeing, of course, in terms of the headlines, it is a good headline, 
but the profitability is something which we need to -- I think both on the cost side and on the 
pricing side, we need to really work to make the right amount of profitability and using the 
competencies we have. So that's what we are trying to figure out a solution, which -- and this is 
the segment we are working on. So we'll update you whenever there is anything concrete on this. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Yogesh Patil from Dolat Capital. 
Yogesh Patil: 
You are guiding a 10-gigawatt hour base capacity will be available for the short-term market for 
a particular year in the next 3, 4 years. Then what one can assume the BESS revenue this 10-
gigawatt hour kind of capacity? Or you can also guide us on the same annual basis. That's the 
first one. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Sorry, Yogesh, can you -- I missed what is the exact thing you need on changing the quota. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Yes. So you are guiding that 10-gigawatt hour kind of a BESS capacity will be available for the 
short-term market for a particular year in the upcoming next 3, 4 years, correct? Then what one 
can assume the base revenue from this 10-gigawatt kind of a capacity? Will it be more than 
INR1,400 crores kind of revenue because already 80% of the capacity of 10-gigawatt is tied up, 
and we are expecting a INR1,400 crores kind of revenue in this year. So this phenomenon of 
INR1,400 crores plus will be applicable to upcoming years also?  
Or the question again, this is limited to El Nino year from the next year onwards, the power 
demand will normalize to 6% and the hydropower will be back into the game. And the BESS 
short-term revenue realization will be on the lower side. Because right now, the realizations 
would be better and that's giving an edge, whether it is on short-term basis DAM or HP DAM 
in all these markets. Just wanted to have your view on this side. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Yes. No, very important question you raised, Yogesh. So in terms of the -- there are 2 parts to 
your question. So one is on the volume, which we can do and another is the price, right, price 
we can do. So in terms of volume, we have contracted, it is only 80% of the volume we are 
targeting. So that definitely takes the overall revenue to higher than INR1,400 crores, if we end 
up tying up that 20% more of volume, right? So that is the current tie-up for this year. 

 
 
ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
 
In terms of the going forward price stability and whether this was an exceptional year or not. So 
the key thing, what we are finding is that a lot of states have not yet started buying BESS power, 
like I earlier answered in the previous questions. So this market is not yet tapped because in 
terms of very few discoms, if you look at, in India, have bought BESS power because it's a new 
form of power. The whole capacity has come up in last 6 months. Whatever capacity is there in 
India has come up in 6 months. 
 
So any capacity takes time to -- for people to rely on that. So we will see that new tenders, which 
will come, which will focus on that. So we don't see a slowdown in terms of the demand. Of 
course, in terms of the pricing, there has to be an alternative supply, right? If the hydro power, 
which will come back, if there is a fixed cost, it was anyway not able to meet that peak demand. 
 
So that's where I think even in the El Nino, I think there could be -- and the other thing other 
than the physical factors or the scientific factors, there are election-related factors which come 
up, right? There is -- there are some factors relating to the heat other than the El Nino and also 
the penetration of air conditioners and various other things. 
 
So we don't see a slowdown overall basis our macro analysis because we have a team which 
tries and maximizes the revenue, which predicts the revenue. And of course, we are using various 
systems also. So we don't see a slowdown in the pricing also for the next 3 years. And of course, 
we can forecast beyond 3 years, but that's really susceptible to changes. But we don't see a 
slowdown basis various factors, and we spoke about the duck curve and various other things. 
Manoj Kumar Upadhyay: Yes. So as we said earlier that, first of all, that 300-gigawatt hour of current demand to be met, 
that itself is a very big number to cope up. And as we are adding more and more solar in the 
rooftop, more and more and more solar in the KUSUM, what is adding is it is creating more 
duck curve. That duck curve will drive the evening and morning cost more. 
 
And this is -- this duck curve phenomena is not met by the hydro. Hydro is, for example, when 
it runs, it runs 24/7, especially in the time when it runs. So the peak type demand, which comes 
in, they are driven -- they can be either addressed by the gas peaker if we are cheaper than the 
battery and the third can be the pump storage. These are the 3 solutions for the short-term peak. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
And the pump storage is also most competitive for an 8-hour solution. 
Manoj Kumar Upadhyay: And that it will take a long time by at least 3, 4 years to come in. So the way we see that, I think 
next 5 to 10 years, as I see from a macro point of view, that peaking demand like in Europe and 
U.S., in fact, it is -- every year, it is going higher and higher. So I expect the same thing 
happening in India. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
And on the cost side also, just to guide you on the technology part, the sodium batteries are 
making good progress in the world and China. You must have seen that in Intersolar, they have 
spoken about supplying these batteries in Europe in the cold climate. So on the cost side also, 
there are positives which can happen, which will increase the life of the battery to, you can say, 

 
 
ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
closer to the PSP timeline. So that's a very key movement which is going to happen, which can 
move the profitability in terms of the overall peak power dynamics. 
Yogesh Patil: 
So you believe that INR1,400 crores kind of a revenue run rate can be possible in next 3, 4 years, 
considering the 10-gigawatt hour kind of a capacity in a short-term contract side. Will it be fair 
to assume in our financial modeling for next 2 to 3 years, INR1,400 crores plus can be done. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Yes. So it's a very specific projection we have to do, keeping in mind the PPAs we have, right, 
and keeping in mind the pipeline we have, right? What our aim is that we need to do this 10-
gigawatt hour of bids. Of course, it's subject to the return of the PPAs. Right now, we have. So 
you can assume it for the next 2, 3 years because we have that pipeline, right? And we know the 
GNA and we know -- so for the next 2, 3 years, you can make that assumption. 
Manoj Kumar Upadhyay: Even more than INR1,400 crores. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Even more than -- so that's given our PPA time line because it's very specific, right? So as we 
are going forward, right, in terms of getting new bids, in terms of getting new business, that is 
our plan that we will continue to boost that business because this is what we believe in, that we 
should do peak power, right, beyond '28, '29 is what I'm talking about, that we should continue 
to aim for such business, which provide you this opportunity because we like this business in 
terms of the quick, you can say, time of implementation, in terms of the technology movement, 
in terms of the fundamental demand-supply gap. 
 
So you can make that assumption for 2, 3 years. But beyond 2, 3 years, it's dependent on the 
market, how we are able to get those PPAs, how the profitability remains for those PPAs. And 
of course, we'll continue seeking those opportunities to replicate this beyond 2, 3 years as well. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Next question related to EBITDA margins. If we exclude the BESS revenue and contribution to 
the EBITDA from the BESS side, then how much would be our clean or core EBITDA margins 
for the business during the quarter FY27? And what would be your EBITDA margin guidance 
for the core business for the next 3, 4 quarters, considering the BESS EBITDA margin would be 
80% to 82%? 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
So for the -- if you remove BESS, it's 91% is the EBITDA margin for this quarter, right? And 
that is, I think with... 
Manoj Kumar Upadhyay: And that is static -- if you see the last 4 quarters of the previous year, it was close to 90%, 91%, 
except for the second quarter, which was September '25, it was 88%, 89%. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
So it is basically because of the seasonality, and this varies from, you can say, 88% to 92% 88% 
to 91%. So that's how we can guide you about it. And we keep on doing repowering, like we 
mentioned earlier, to keep on improving it. 

 
 
ACME Solar Holdings Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
 
So that's how it is. And there would be further -- depending on the project profitability also, like 
there are FDRE projects which are coming up. So it may help in revising this EBITDA margin 
because the realizations there are healthier as compared to a plain solar bids.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. With that, we conclude today's 
conference call. On behalf of ACME Solar Holdings Limited, that concludes today's conference 
call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Nikhil Dhingra: 
Thank you. 
