  
 
Date: 31.07.2026 
 
To, 
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE EQUITY SYMBOL: PRUDENT 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
SCRIPT CODE: 543527 
 
 
ISIN: INE00F201020 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Conference Call for Un-Audited Financial Results for the Quarter 
ended June 30, 2026.  
With reference to our earlier intimation dated July 21, 2026 and in terms of Regulation 30 of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing 
herewith the transcript of the Conference Call with analysts and investors held on July 27, 2026 
in respect of the Un-Audited Financial Results for the Quarter ended June 30, 2026.  
The same will also be available on the website of the Company at www.prudentcorporate.com .  
Please take the same into your records and do the needful. 
For, Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
Kunal Chauhan 
Company Secretary 
Membership No: FCS-13492 
 
Encl.: As Stated 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kunal 
Amrishbhai 
Chauhan
Digitally signed by 
Kunal Amrishbhai 
Chauhan 
Date: 2026.07.31 
14:42:49 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
“Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 27, 2026
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY SHAH – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – PRUDENT CORPORATE ADVISORY 
SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. SHIRISH PATEL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – PRUDENT CORPORATE 
ADVISORY SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. CHIRAG SHAH – NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
PRUDENT CORPORATE ADVISORY SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. CHIRAG KOTHARI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
PRUDENT CORPORATE ADVISORY SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. PARTH PAREKH – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
PRUDENT CORPORATE ADVISORY SERVICES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. LALIT DEO – EQUIRUS SECURITIES PRIVATE 
LIMITED

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Q1 
FY27 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Equirus Securities. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of the future performance and involve risks and uncertainties 
that are difficult to predict. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. Thank you, and over 
to you, Mr. Deo. 
Lalit Deo: 
Yes. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the 1Q FY27 results con-call of Prudent 
Corporate Advisory Services Limited. To give a brief update on the results and address 
investor questions, we have the management of Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited, 
represented by Mr. Sanjay Shah, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Shirish Patel, CEO 
and Whole Time Director; Mr. Chirag Shah, Non-Executive Director; Mr. Chirag Kothari, 
CFO; and Mr. Parth Parekh, Head, Investor Relations.  
Now we would request the management to start with the opening comments, post which we 
can open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Thank you, Lalit, and good afternoon, everyone. I extend a very warm welcome to all of you 
for joining Prudent's Q1 FY27 earnings call. Thank you for taking time to be with us today. I 
hope you have the investor presentation handy as we'll be referring to the investor presentation 
during the course of this discussion. So to start with, please move to Slide 49 which highlights 
the momentum in our AUM growth.  
So if you look at on the left-hand side of the slide, you'll see there are 2 bars. The first bar 
shows our daily average AUM for entire FY26, while the second bar shows our current AUM. 
So during FY26, we earn our revenue on an average AUM of around INR1.21 lakh crores. 
While today, our AUM stands at roughly about INR1.4 lakh crores. So this represents a growth 
of nearly 16%. Since our current AUM is well above FY26 average AUM, it provides a 
healthy revenue tailwind for the rest of FY27. 
On the right-hand side of the slide, if you see, it provides a trend in our quarterly average 
AUM. In first quarter of FY27, our average AUM stood at INR1.33 lakh crores. This 
represents a sequential growth of 4% and a healthy year-on-year growth of 21%. Now please 
move to Slide 50. This slide shows the movement in our equity AUM on both year-on-year 
and quarter-on-quarter basis. Now let us begin with year-on-year trends shown on the left-hand 
side of the slide. 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
Our equity AUM grew by 18% from INR1.14 lakh crores in June 2025 to INR1.34 lakh crores 
in June 2026. This represents an increase of nearly INR20,000 crores. Importantly, a 
significant part of this growth came from new money. This was supported by strong SIP flows 
and the acquisition of Indus. 
Another key takeaway is that despite a weak market environment, our equity AUM generated a 
positive mark-to-market gain of 2.9%, while during the same period, NIFTY 50 declined by 
6.5% and NIFTY 500 declined by 2.6%. Major reason of our outperformance is due to 
consistent SIP flows, which helped investors benefit from market volatility, supported by 
thoughtful fund selection and portfolio construction by our distributors. Together, these factors 
demonstrate that our distributors are able to generate distributor alpha consistently.  
Now coming to quarter-on-quarter view on the right-hand side of the slide. Our equity AUM 
grew by 16.4% during the quarter. A significant part of this growth came from recovery in 
equity market, which resulted in a mark-to-market gain of INR15,175 crores. At the same 
time, our net sales remained resilient at INR3,790 crores. This represents a healthy 50% year-
on-year growth.  
Now please move to Slide 51. This slide highlights our SIP performance. As on June 2026, our 
monthly SIP book stood at INR1,203 crores. The momentum has continued in July. Our 
monthly SIP book has further increased to around INR1,240 crores when I'm talking to you. 
This gives us confidence that SIP accretion remains on a healthy trajectory. Coming to SIP 
collection numbers, which we started reporting. 
In the March collection of INR1,170 crores, it included INR35 crores of SIP, which were 
originally due at the end of February. Since 28th February was on Saturday, all SIP scheduled 
on 28th to 31st of the month were processed on 2nd March. So excluding this impact, our 
March collection would have been INR1,135 crores. Against this adjusted base, our June SIP 
collections stood at INR1,147 crores. This reflects stable and the healthy collection 
momentum. 
Now let me turn you to Slide 54, which talks about our consolidated financial numbers. So, our 
quarterly average AUM on a Y-o-Y basis grew by 20.8%. However, mutual fund revenue grew 
at a slower pace of 17.9%. This is mainly due to regulatory changes, which has been 
implemented from April 2026. These changes had an impact of around 2.8 basis points on our 
gross yield. As a result, our gross yield has now settled at around 88 basis points.  
The yield on our new business is tad higher than our yield on the existing book. With the 
regulatory changes now behind us, we believe we are well poised to maintain our gross yield at 
around 88 basis points. Our insurance revenue grew by a healthy 20.6% on a year-on-year 
basis.  
Within the life insurance, our fresh premium grew by 73.4% year-on-year. This was led by 
strong growth in participating plans, which grew by 100% and ULIP category, which grew by 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
82%. Our general insurance, specifically health insurance business continued to perform well 
with total premium growing by 36.8% year-on-year.  
Now moving to our other financial and nonfinancial product revenue, which grew by 28.4% 
year-on-year. This growth was primarily driven by our PMS and bond distribution business. 
Average PMS AUM grew by 37% year-on-year, and now it stands at roughly about INR1,900 
crores. And our income from bond distribution business has more than doubled compared to 
the same quarter last year. So given the strong performance across all our businesses, our 
revenue from operations grew by 18.3% year-on-year.  
Coming to most important part, which is commission and fee expenses. So if you look at 
commission and fee expenses grew at a slower pace of 9.8%. This was primarily due to 
regulatory changes, which has been implemented from April 2026 related to GST treatment 
and removal of 5 basis points of exit load, which was part of TER earlier. Following these 
changes, commission rate across the industry are now structured exclusive of GST. 
That is, it has moved from TER, which was inclusive of GST to BER, which is now exclusive 
of GST. Accordingly, we have aligned our accounting and payout framework with the revised 
regulatory structure. Let me just tell you, as of June 2026, 60% of AUM is mobilized by GST 
partners, and they continue to get the reimbursement of applicable GST based on the raising of 
the invoices.  
As a result of this regulatory reset, together with pass-through of TER changes on a 
proportionate basis on account of removal of 5 basis points of exit load, commission and fee 
expense growth was lower during the quarter. Please note, we view this as a one-time reset. 
With this transition now complete, the gross profit margin reported during the quarter reflects 
the economics of the business under the revised regulatory framework. 
Let me now address the employee cost. So if you look at the employee cost, it has gone up by 
19% on a sequential basis. This reflects the impact of annual wage revision cycle with the 
wage bill for our existing employee increased by around 14%. The balance increase was 
primarily driven by our continued investment in expanding our branch network, which has led 
to an increase in the employee headcount. As a result, we have also made a higher provision 
for variable employee expenses. 
We plan to add around 30 new branches during the year, of which almost more than 12 
branches have already been operationalized during the quarter. However, if you look at on a 
full year basis, including ESOP expenses, we expect that on a full year basis, employee cost 
growth can be in the range of 22% to 24%. Driven by strong business performance, our 
operating profit grew by 32.4% year-on-year to INR89.1 crores.  
Other income was higher during the quarter, primarily driven by gain from our treasury 
portfolio. As a result, profit after tax grew by 44.4% year-on-year to INR74.8 crores. To 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
conclude on the numbers, both our mutual fund and insurance business have started the year 
on a strong footing, and we expect this momentum to continue. 
The recent regulatory changes are also creating incremental opportunity for us from a 
distributor growth perspective. Non-GST registered distributors who are working directly with 
the AMC have seen a meaningful reduction in their net income under the new structure. 
Additionally, GST compliance requirement have increased significantly for the GST registered 
distributors as well. As a result, more distributors are looking to partner with platform that can 
support them with technology, compliance and operations. We have already seen this 
transition into the faster distribution addition. 
During the first quarter of current year, which is FY27, we added around 600 partners per 
month compared to monthly run rate of 430 in FY26. In parallel, we continue to focus on 
scaling our SIF business. Of our MFD base, 1,323 distributors are now SIF certified. We 
expect this number to increase at a much faster pace following the recent changes of 
certification framework, which has simplified the process by introducing single examination 
covering both mutual fund, SIF distribution. And additionally, the major pain point was the 
currency, which has been removed from the entire examination curriculum. 
Finally, with a treasury book of around INR650 crores, we continue to evaluate value-accretive 
acquisition opportunities that can further strengthen our distribution platform. Overall, we 
believe business is very well poised with multiple growth drivers and the levers in place, 
backed by healthy business momentum, a supportive regulatory environment and continued 
investment in the expansion of our distribution network, we remain very optimistic about the 
entire FY27. 
With this, I think now I'll open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Swarnabha Mukherjee from 360 ONE Capital. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Three questions from my side. First of all, I wanted to 
understand, you mentioned that on the gross margin in the mutual fund business, since I think 
even in our stand-alone businesses, there is -- there are other business apart from mutual fund 
business. So it is a bit difficult to calculate. If you could highlight what was the gross margin 
last quarter and how it has moved this quarter? 
And also, if you can tell us that how much should we estimate mutual fund business 
contributing at the stand-alone level, given I think there is also stock broking and now 
corporate agency license of insurance there? So some color on that would be helpful. 
Second is the net flows number around, I think, INR3,700-odd crores for the quarter. So sir, I 
think over the last 5, 6 quarters or maybe even maybe 7, 8 quarters, this run rate has been 
broadly in and around this range. I understand that the market cycle was also not very 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
favorable at this standpoint and industry flows have also been in the range. But just wanted to 
understand that from a regular mode of distribution, how has flows moved in the industry? 
And for us to take this to a higher level, what levers are we pressing? Yes, sir, if you could 
respond and then I'll maybe ask one smaller question. 
Sanjay Shah: 
So first point, let me address about the gross margin. I can tell you, I already said that last 
quarter, my margin was about 91.2 basis points as far as mutual fund average AUM is 
concerned. And this quarter, I think the entire quarterly average is roughly about 88.4 basis 
points. So there is a reduction of about 2.8 basis points and this reduction has come mainly 
because as you are aware that there is an exit load of 5 basis points, which has been removed 
by SEBI from the TER of all the AMC. So I think this is the average of impact which we have 
on account of entire book, which has been repriced from 1st of April. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Sanjay sir, sorry to interrupt. I mean, I meant like if I were to calculate a gross profit, so maybe 
the net yield, if you could highlight on that after -- as you highlighted that there has been some 
benefit in fees and commission expense. So if you could -- so I just wanted to understand the 
gross profit margin or if we calculate a gross profit, netting off the fee and commission 
expense, how it has ranged as a basis point of average AUM? 
Sanjay Shah: 
Sorry, because we do not provide the segment reporting of the mutual fund margin and 
insurance margin. But however, I can tell you one thing. Broadly, you can look at the 
operating profit margin, which we have currently reported, that is more representative. So you 
can probably assume that as a good yardstick for you to do a forward calculation. But 
definitely, the individual segment-wise profitability margin report we do not do, so that will be 
difficult for me to give you the numbers. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Now coming to your second question about the business, let me -- I think let Shirish address 
that because your question was since last -- since the question of last couple of quarters, our 
sales is broadly in the range of INR3,700 crores kind of a quarter. So what is the view on that? 
And is regular plan is growing better than direct plus or something like that? So that was the 
question. 
Shirish Patel: 
Basically, yes, what you said is absolutely right. If I compare my net sales number for last 3, 4 
quarters, it is in the range of around INR 3700 crores net sales per quarter. But historically, if 
you compare our net sales in the first quarter, it is always subdued. If I simply compare my net 
sales versus last year's similar period, I think there is a significant jump in the net sales. That is 
point number one. So that says that I think the productivity of the partners or the new 
expansion is also playing out. 
Second point, yes, because of these market conditions, industry level also, if you see the net 
sales number are subdued in last probably 1 year. Simply, when I compare how we are faring 
versus the industry, so at least you can compare that our net sales percentage, I would say, in 
the industry or the net sales versus industry, I think that share is increasing if I compare with 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
the last financial year total versus this quarter. So that means industry net sales numbers are 
also down. My net sales number are also down, but still we are doing better than the industry. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Right, sir. Understood. Just a couple of quick questions. One is on the other expenses side, I 
mean, that has seen, I think, a substantial drop quarter-on-quarter versus, I think historically, 
even 1Q versus 4Q always used to see an increase. So some color on that. 
And on the SIF partner side, so how much headroom do we have considering that the ticket 
sizes are substantial. So would we -- I mean, should we think that this 1,500-odd number -- I 
mean, how much penetration within our own MFD base do we have in terms of when we have 
1,500-odd MFDs doing this? 
Shirish Patel: 
So basically, if you talk about -- I think I'll address the last question first and let I think Sanjay 
bhai take this question -- first question. Now today, if I talk about our SIF AUM has already 
crossed around INR500 crores. Now we already have around 1,400 around kind of SIF 
certified partners. And secondly, as Sanjay bhai has already said, that now when the SIF 
examination has become a little easier, I think common examination, I think this will gather 
the pace. But focus-wise, definitely, I think since the product was launched, we started 
focusing very, very actively and aggressively on the SIF product. 
If I look at my monthly trend business in SIF, it is increasing month-on-month. So that says 
that more and more distributors are participating. The interest on distribution as well as our 
team is also increasing. And I think while we are speaking, I think more than INR500 crores of 
AUM is already crossed on the SIF side, which is a percentage and if I simply compare is 
much higher than my share in the mutual funds. So that says that I think we are contributing 
more in the SIF side compared to mutual funds. Yes, Sanjay bhai first question. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Yes. And regarding the other expense, there is one component of expenditure which is based 
on the insurance mobilization because I think you would require to do certain marketing and 
then only the business follow through. So, I think there is some seasonality impact in the other 
expenses. So you cannot take it as a steady number. It will remain a little bit volatile compared 
to the businesses. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Prayesh Jain: 
A few questions. Firstly, the gross realization for the quarter is post the adjustments from the 
AMCs for the full quarter? Or is there some adjustment which was part of the quarter and we 
can still see some drop in the coming quarter? And same question for the fees and commission 
expense also. Is it -- the Q1 is a steady-state number that we can think about and we can 
forecast that? That would be my first question. 
Second is just recently, there is a new announcement. On the mutual fund only wealth 
management at a PMS ticket size of INR25 lakhs. Do you think that could be a great avenue 
for us to kind of go into? And third is on the alternate business, what is the size of AUM that 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
we manage on AIF, PMS and SIF today? And also, if you can tell us to how many clients of 
yours or how many distributors of yours have been distributing these products compared to the 
total base? 
Sanjay Shah: 
So regarding the margin, I tell you, you can probably consider the current quarter as a 
representative of margin. And by and large, almost all AMC has transferred what is supposed 
to be transferred. And we have also -- whatever is proportionately we are supposed to transfer 
to our distribution partner has already been done. So yes, you can probably take the current 
margin as a margin, you can factor in from the sort of next 3 quarters, right, number one. 
Number two, I think about these new changes, which is where the consultation paper is open 
about mutual fund only PMS for the first time because I think in the -- all commentary, we 
have been saying that we don't want to be a manufacturer and there will not be any backward 
integration. 
But after looking to this INR25 lakh of ticket size and mutual fund only PMS, I think we are 
also finding it very, very important thing in our system because it might be very, very helpful 
for us to provide this kind of services to our retail -- because I think the INR25 lakhs is a good 
threshold to reach out to them. So we are very, very positive. 
And yet we are not discussed at the Board level. But internally, when we are talking about, we 
find a lot of merits as far as this particular change is concerned from a Prudent perspective. So 
we will be open for some acquisition of PMS also or probably we might take our own license. 
Somewhere we'll -- probably once the entire consultation paper is over, we will probably take 
a call on our own.  
Coming to alternatives, I think number is roughly about INR1,900 crores, which we have as of 
now. So overall mutual -- the PMS and AIF AUM, what we are managing at the end of this 
quarter is INR1,900 crores. And we already said that, that number has gone up by 37% on a Y-
o-Y basis. So yes. And I think about the number of clients and the number of distributors, I 
think that number, I don't have handy, but probably the IR team will provide the data on a one-
on-one basis. 
Shirish Patel: 
I think SIF AUM is more than INR500-plus crores.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. What percentage of customers would have more than INR25 lakh in mutual fund today? 
Shirish Patel: 
Number exact we don't track on that parameter. So definitely, it is not handy. But simply, if we 
assume that I think all 36,000 distributors having, I think, even 4, 5 clients, I think whom they 
can cater easily, I think that number goes to a very, very big number. So that way, I think the 
potential is huge. But yes, I think the number what specifically you were asking, we are not 
tracking. 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
And just last question, Sanjay bhai, you mentioned about other expenses being fluctuating. But 
on an annual basis, what is the kind of increase we should think about for the year? 
Sanjay Shah: 
That's very difficult to tell you because it's virtually not linked to business. It is always effort 
based, and we do a lot of marketing and event based activity for generating the insurance 
revenue. So it's very difficult for me to quantify on a formula basis that how can you project 
that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, my first question is the same question probably. I mean if I look at your stand-alone P&L, 
commission cost as a percentage of the total revenue in 1Q FY26, it was some 62.7%. Now 
that number is 56.2% -- so given you passed on the GST impact to the MFDs, so this 56.2% 
what we see in stand-alone number is a steady-state number to hold up for subsequent quarters, 
just to understand the commission payout to the MFD guys? 
Sanjay Shah: 
Yes. Broadly, you can because it might depend on the composition between insurance and the 
mutual fund. But however, I think on a margin basis, probably you can consider this as a good 
number for your projection purpose. 
Sanketh Godha: 
So basically, the current quarter difference between gross and commission number, the spread 
broadly should hold up is the fair assumption to make, sir? 
Sanjay Shah: 
Yes, because whatever changes came because of the changes in the regulatory regime and 
which has been on the entire book, which has been adjusted. So I don't see any reason it should 
change now. 
Sanketh Godha: 
And this number has fallen largely because most  because the GST thing, which was probably 
benefit you were not getting now, you are getting the benefit, and that's why the net 
commission -- commission as a percentage of the revenue has come off. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Yes. So I think -- yes, it's implemented based on whatever changes done by the regulator and 
the AMC has been implemented by us, yes. 
Shirish Patel: 
And one more reason -- Y-o-Y reason is we acquired Indus in the month of September. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood. Even if I compare, sir, from fourth quarter to 1Q because stand-alone numbers, 
I'm assuming doesn't have insurance numbers. So that's why I was comparing stand-alone from 
57.3% to 56.2%. The difference is predominantly if I exclude Indus impact also, is largely 
because of the regulatory change and the spread has to be maintained. Just clarifying again, 
sorry. 
Shirish Patel: 
Yes. That is one again, the contribution from the insurance business, I think that also one has 
to address. Last quarter of financial year, the insurance component was much higher than this 
quarter. So that also, I think, one adjusting factor you can consider. 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Sanketh Godha: 
And sir, the payout difference between insurance and the mutual fund is how much means? I 
think if insurance is at, say, 60%, 65%, then insurance is much lower than that? 
Shirish Patel: 
Again, I would say when you are saying that insurance is 60%, 65%, that is mainly because 
our 10% of the business is B2C where we don't pay anything. So I think you need to derive 
and insurance major business is B2B. So the ratio of payout ratio remains the same for mutual 
fund and insurance both. But in insurance, major business comes from B2B. In mutual funds, 
around 10% of the AUM is contributed by B2C. So that adjustment will be required. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood. Got it, sir. Perfect. And second, sir, this question on… 
Sanjay Shah: 
Yes. I just wanted to tell you now you should look at only consolidated because the business is 
also getting merged in the Prudent Corporate. So you should not look at the stand-alone 
number at all because a lot of business has already moved to Prudent Corporate. So I think just 
look at the consolidated when you look at any kind of projection. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay. Understood, sir. And second point is that this PMS-MF which regulation which SEBI 
has spoken about. So suppose because we were not doing direct till date, and it probably opens 
an opportunity to do direct in PMS, MF. And if that happens and if you share the revenue in 
the same proportion because up to 2.5%, it is a fair probability, sir, that your overall yield 
realization, which is around 88 bps can be little -- means if you earn 2.5% and you pass on the 
net realization could be better relatively, sir? 
Shirish Patel: 
So assuming that I think the PMS will be able to charge 2.25% over and above that base 
underlying cost, I think it is difficult to assume right now. I think let the product come, and I 
think we'll see the market conditions and market competitiveness. And then we'll be able to 
see. But I don't see that I think the overall yield should improve because of this particular 
product because I think this is also a very, very competitive space when you are charging to 
the investor on over and above that base underlying, I don't think that everybody or all the 
customers will be able to charge that 2.25%. But yes, only time would say. Currently, I think 
there is no assumption on that. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it, sir. And -- but you don't see the risk other way around that given your MFDs  on their 
own manage so many number of clients, they themselves become PMS/MF registered holders 
and move out the business from you and they do it on their own. 
Shirish Patel: 
That risk is definitely not there. When we provide the platform, I think why should they go 
rather, I think there could be a possibility of consolidation as well. How many distributors or 
how many my MFDs can take this license. That also one to think. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay, sir. Understood. And lastly, out of the total MFD distributor, probably I asked this 
question last time also. Out of the total MFD distributors, in your view, how many were GST 
compliant in the past? And how many -- now naturally they are -- but just wanted to 
understand the mix, which benefited us in a way. 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Shirish Patel: 
Sanjay bhai already in the commentary that as of June, 60% of the payout was done to the GST 
partners.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sir, just 2 questions. Firstly, when we mentioned that on a monthly basis, like the new MFD 
additions is close to around 600 as against 450. So just wanted to understand, are we seeing 
that this is like the new distributors who are entering the industry? Or is it like more like the 
distributors who are managing around INR10 crores, INR20 crores and then probably moving 
on to us? Could you just qualitatively highlight the nature of the new additions? Secondly, sir, 
one data keeping question, like could you break up the AUM between direct and indirect of the 
overall mutual fund? 
Shirish Patel: 
So basically, when you ask the nature of new addition of our distribution, there is no change in 
the industry which says that more and more distributors should join the industry. So obviously, 
I think the new entrant to the industry remains the same. If I simply look at my number of 
registration, number of distributors joining Prudent platform is up by around 45%, 50% in the 
last 3.5 months. That mainly I believe that because of these regulatory changes, the existing 
distributors would like to work with the platform and hence, the incremental number has come 
majority from the existing distributors joining the platform. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Direct AUM roughly about -- and the direct-indirect split would be roughly about you can say 
90-10 kind of a thing. 90% of the AUM is serviced by partners and 10% includes the Indus, 
Karvy, Prudent's old B2C and iFAST. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jani from PL Capital. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Congratulations. Sir, just to clarify, the benefit that you have received on the pass-through, is it 
safe to understand that this will largely be from the unregistered distributors, right? Because 
assuming that you would have passed on whatever is passed on by the AMC, that should have 
been technically cost neutral, right? Is that a fair assumption? 
Shirish Patel: 
Yes. So yes, it is safe to assume that now this is a perpetual benefit. And as of June, almost 
40% of our AUM belongs to non-GST registered partners. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Sure. And sir, lastly, on the AUM growth, right? So we have been better than the industry. 
And I believe largely it would have been from the MTM. So in your view, how should we look 
at AUM growth? I mean, would we be better than the equity industry going forward or how 
should we do it? 
Shirish Patel: 
So if I compare our net sales margin, I think officially, this data is not available. But when we 
compare our number with the industry's number, and we believe that the net sales market share 
is -- has increased in this quarter. Even if you are saying that it's a MTM gain, as per the 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
presentation, I think if you can see last financial year, the major growth actually has come 
from the net sales and not the MTM. So practically, for our growth, there are 2 levers. One is 
the MTM growth and second is the net sales growth. And historically, also, if you look at our 
net sales almost around 10%, 12% for AUM. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of [Yashvi Vora from Thinqwise Wealth Managers 
Yashvi Vora: 
So sir, with the recent SEBI changes that have begun to take effect, could you share your 
perspective on how the impact is being distributed across the value chain? If any particular 
stakeholders are being more affected? And how do you expect the industry to adapt over time? 
Shirish Patel: 
I couldn't understood the question completely. Sanjay bhai. 
Sanjay Shah: 
She is talking about the recent regulatory changes that impacted I think that I already told you 
in the beginning of my commentary, the industry has a huge impact on all those people who 
are part of non-GST regime and the entire change has been impacting them. And probably that 
is the reason which Shirish has also said, I was also telling you that will bring to a lot of 
consolidation in the industry because previously, probably there was some arbitrage of them to 
work with AMC directly because there was a regulatory arbitrage on the GST front. 
Now because the arbitrage has gone, the revenues came down, it makes sense for them to work 
with some platform who can help them in taking care of the all other expenditure and the 
management, and they can concentrate on the expanding their businesses. So these are the, I 
think I can tell you from that point of view. 
Shirish Patel: 
This is from the non-GST registered partner and GST partners also got impacted, as Sanjay 
bhai said 2.8 basis points on a weighted average basis. This impact actually even depends on 
the composition of their AUM with different AMCs. I believe I think majority of the AMCs or 
almost all AMCs have passed on this impact to the distribution community.  
Moderator: 
Your voice is not clear. You may return to the question queue. The next question is from the 
line of Arjun Bagga from DSP Mutual Fund. 
Arjun Bagga: 
So I think you've explained that because of the regulatory changes is why we witnessed the 
changes in the yield. Just wanted to understand, sir, I think as per the calculation, I think the 
net revenue yield came out to be 31 basis points like deducting the commissions from the 
mutual fund income. So should we -- is it right to assume that going forward, this would be the 
new base? And maybe from here on, like this was not a one-off and like this is the number that 
we'll continue with going forward? Of course, whatever TER changes happen? 
Shirish Patel: 
Yes. So currently, whatever is the yield on our assets, we believe that this kind of margins 
would continue in the near future. Of course, over time, with the size of down the commercial 
will come down, but that is mainly on a new business. Obviously, over medium to long term, it 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
may go down by 1, 2 basis points. But at least in this foreseeable future or the current yield or 
yield -- this year's yield, I would say that is more or less similar to what this quarter's yield. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing remarks. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for participating in today's call. If still any of the queries are 
not resolved, please reach out to our IR, and we'll try and provide the information which we 
can. Thank you. 
Shirish Patel: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Equirus Securities Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
