 
 
August 19, 2026 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: AEGISVOPAK  
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relation Department 
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544407  
 
Sub. : Transcript of the earnings conference call  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference 
call held on Friday, August 14, 2026 at 03:00 p. m (IST), for your information and records. 
The above communication is also available on the website of the Company at www.aegisvopak.com. 
The above is for your information. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For AEGIS VOPAK TERMINALS LIMITED  
 
 
 
 
Priyanka Vaidya 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No. A64156 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
Priyanka 
Sunil 
Vaidya
Digitally signed 
by Priyanka 
Sunil Vaidya 
Date: 2026.08.19 
12:45:58 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Aegis Vopak Terminals Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJ CHANDARIA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – AEGIS VOPAK TERMINALS LIMITED 
MR. MURAD MOLEDINA – NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
– AEGIS VOPAK TERMINALS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. PAYAL DAVE – MUFG CORPORATE MARKETS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
              Aegis Vopak Terminals Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call of Aegis 
Vopak Terminals Limited. Before we begin, a short disclaimer. This conference call may contain 
forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and 
expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of 
future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I would now hand the conference over to Mr. Raj Chandaria from Aegis Vopak Terminals 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Raj Chandaria: 
Okay, thank you very much, and good afternoon, everybody. A very warm welcome to all the 
participants to the Aegis Vopak Terminals Limited Q1 FY27 financial results discussion. My 
name is Raj Chandaria, I am the Chairman and Managing Director of Aegis Vopak Terminals 
Limited, and I am joined today by Mr. Murad Moledina and Ms. Payal Dave, who is from the 
MUFG Corporate Markets. 
 
I hope everyone's had a chance to review our investor presentation, which has been uploaded on 
the exchanges and our company website. And I'd like to begin by highlighting some of the key 
developments during the quarter. We have continued to make good progress across our existing 
terminals, while also announcing new capacity additions that further strengthen our long-term 
growth platform.  
 
During the first quarter of this year, we announced two important projects: a 51,998 metric or 
approximately 52,000 metric ton refrigerated double-wall steel LPG tank -- storage tank at 
JNPA, and 49,577 cubic meters of additional liquid storage capacity at Kochi. 
 
These investments are aligned with our strategy of building capacity in line with demand, 
strengthening our presence at key ports, and deepening our role in India's energy and logistics 
infrastructure. 
 
Before I take you  through the operational developments, let me just briefly touch on the 
highlights of the financial performance for the quarter. Of course, Mr. Murad Moledina will go 
into the detail, but I'll just give you a sort of a highlight. 
 
The first quarter reflected healthy momentum in our business. The revenue from operations 
increased 12.4% year-on-year to INR233.8 crores. Within this, the liquid terminaling business 
contributed INR126.5 crores, growing 31% year-on-year, and gas terminaling contributed 
INR107.2 crores. 
 
At the operating level, the operating EBITDA increased by 15.6% year-on-year to INR179.4 
crores, reflecting the benefits of higher liquid volumes, capacity additions, and operating 
leverage. The cash profit after tax stood at INR124.9 crores, demonstrating our continued ability 

 
 
 
 
 
 
              Aegis Vopak Terminals Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
to generate strong cash flows from our business. Overall, we are in a strong financial position 
with healthy cash generation and a balance sheet that provides us with the flexibility to execute 
the significant growth and expansion program ahead. 
 
Let me just take you through the key developments across all the various ports. As far as JNPA 
is concerned in Maharashtra, the port has emerged as India's highest revenue-generating major 
port in FY26, highlighting the strategic importance of this location. 
 
At this port, our liquid storage capacity stands at approximately 101,900 cubic meters. We are 
executing a major expansion at this port, comprising of 318,100 cubic meters of additional liquid 
storage and 77,236 metric tons of LPG capacity, and an LPG bottling plant with an annual 
capacity of 35,000 metric tons. And the total capital outlay for this expansion is INR1,675 crores. 
 
The first phase of the liquid storage expansion, comprising approximately 100,000 cubic meters, 
is expected to be commissioned in Q3 of FY27 and will start contributing as the capacity 
becomes operational. 
 
As we had mentioned during our previous earnings call, we are also evaluating additional LPG 
storage capacity at this port, and I am pleased to share, as I stated earlier, that the board has now 
approved the development of a 52,000 metric ton refrigerated double-wall steel LPG storage 
tank at JNPA. This is an important investment that will further enhance our gas handling 
capacities -- capabilities on the west coast, and deepen our presence at JNPA and strengthen our 
ability to serve the growing LPG demand in the region. 
 
Turning to Haldia Port, you know, we had completed the acquisition of the 75% stake in 
Hindustan Aegis LPG Limited at Haldia, giving us a strong foothold in the east coast LPG 
market. This acquisition added approximately 25,000 metric tons of LPG storage capacity to our 
portfolio. And importantly, this asset is backed by an exclusive terminaling agreement with 
HPCL extending through 2038, providing strong long-term revenue visibility. In addition to the 
LPG infrastructure, we operate 226,890 cubic meters of liquid storage capacity at Haldia. 
 
Now looking forward, we continue to see opportunities to expand at this location. We have 
acquired an additional three acres of land, which provides us with the opportunity to further 
expand our liquid storage and allied handling capabilities. 
 
Moving on to Kandla Port, this port remains one of our largest and most strategically important 
terminals serving a large hinterland across northern and western India. 
 
We currently have approximately 952,000 cubic meters of liquid storage capacity and 48,000 
metric tons of static LPG capacity at this port. And during last year, Kandla became a VLGC, 
that's very large gas carrier compliant terminal, enabling us to handle larger LPG vessels and 
further enhancing the capabilities of this terminal. 
 
Our CRL4 liquid terminal, which will add approximately 94,148 cubic meters of capacity, is 
progressing well and is targeted for commissioning later next year. We have also signed a non-
binding memorandum of understanding with Larsen & Toubro for the potential development of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
              Aegis Vopak Terminals Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
ammonia terminals at Kandla, and this provides us with another opportunity to participate in the 
emerging energy transition value chain. 
 
I'd also like to highlight two important pipeline developments that we believe will support 
volume growth at our Kandla and Pipavav terminals. The Jamnagar-Loni LPG pipeline is now 
complete and operational, and the Kandla-Gorakhpur LPG pipeline is progressing well and is 
now expected to be connected during the first half of FY27. These pipeline connections will 
strengthen our evacuation infrastructure, improve turnaround and capacity utilization, and 
support higher throughput at our terminals. 
 
Moving to Pipavav Port, we had commissioned our 48,000 metric ton cryogenic LPG terminal 
in June 2025, taking the total capacity at this site to approximately 70,800 metric tons, and this 
terminal continues to ramp well, and we expect this to be an important one for Pipavav with 
several infrastructure developments in process that will strengthen the overall evacuation 
ecosystem and enable us to handle higher volumes more efficiently. 
 
So there are three specific developments that I'd like to highlight. First, the jetty, APM 
Terminals, who manages the port, is developing a new VLGC-compliant liquid jetty, which is 
expected to be completed during the year, and this will enhance vessel handling capabilities and 
support larger cargo movements. 
 
Second, the rail infrastructure. We are developing an additional liquid rail gantry. We have 
secured a 15-year take-or-pay agreement with a leading conglomerate for petroleum product 
handling, with committed volumes exceeding 0.5 million metric tons per annum. Operations are 
expected to commence by the end of the year, providing strong long-term revenue visibility. 
 
Third, the pipeline connectivity that I mentioned, the Kandla-Gorakhpur pipeline connectivity 
is also expected now finally during the year. We have better visibility on that now. And once 
operational, it will enable more efficient evacuation and distribution of LPG from Pipavav and 
further support throughput growth. 
 
So now with these developments, Pipavav is evolving into a highly integrated logistics platform, 
comprising VLGC handling capabilities, liquid and LPG storage, a bottling plant, LPG rail 
loading facilities, 16 truck loading bays, and pipeline connectivity into central India. And 
collectively, these initiatives should materially improve the efficiency and competitiveness of 
this terminal and strengthen our position in the region. 
 
A very important development at Pipavav is our entry into the ammonia business. And we have 
officially commissioned our specialized ammonia storage and terminaling facility at Pipavav 
with a static storage capacity of 36,000 metric tons, marking an important milestone in our 
infrastructure expansion journey. 
 
The terminal strengthens our position in specialized chemicals and gas logistics and provides 
critical infrastructure to support the growing demand from the fertilizer, industrial and emerging 
energy transition segments. In this context, we have signed a 15-year take-or-pay agreement 

 
 
 
 
 
 
              Aegis Vopak Terminals Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
with Hindustan Zinc for part of the capacity to service its upcoming DAP plant, and this 
provides, again, strong long-term revenue visibility and a strong foundation for this asset from 
the first day. 
 
Moving on to Kochi Port, we currently operate 82,545 cubic meters of liquid storage at the port. 
And as we had mentioned during our previous earnings call, we were evaluating the development 
of additional storage capacity on newly allotted land at Kochi. And I am pleased to share that 
the board has now approved this expansion and sanctioned the construction of a further 49,577 
cubic meters of liquid capacity at this site. 
 
And this is expected to be commissioned by early next financial year. So, with this, our total 
liquid storage capacity will increase to 132,122 cubic meters, further strengthening our ability 
to serve the growing demand in South India. 
 
Moving on to Mangalore Port. At Mangalore, you may recall, we commissioned our 82,000 
metric ton cryogenic LPG terminal in June 2025. We are also developing an LPG rail loading 
gantry and bottling infrastructure at new Mangalore Port with an investment of INR52.5 crores. 
 
The 75,000 cubic meters of liquid capacity added last year is now fully operational and utilized 
fully again, taking our total liquid storage capacity to 193,000 cubic meters. We have again 
secured additional land at this site and are evaluating a further 60,000 cubic meters of liquid 
storage at this site. This provides us with another opportunity to expand our presence at an 
important location on the west coast. 
 
I'd just like to remind everybody that we are looking at new -- entry into new ports. We had 
previously mentioned Vadhavan, I'll just refresh everyone's memory. We had signed a non-
binding memorandum of understanding to participate in the development of this port with a 
potential investment of approximately -- INR20,000 crores, subject to necessary approvals, land 
allocation, and other regulatory clearances. And this opportunity is well aligned with our long-
term vision of developing large-scale, world-class infrastructure assets across India's energy and 
logistics value chain. 
 
If we move forward -- if taken forward, this project would enable us to develop modern liquid 
and gas handling facilities, significantly expanding the infrastructure platform and our presence 
on the west coast. So, as you can see, across our businesses, we continue to see multiple growth 
drivers taking shape. 
 
The investments we have made over the past years, together with the announced capacity 
expansions currently underway and the new projects that we are pursuing, really position us well 
to capitalize on increasing demand across our key markets. 
 
Our focus is evident it remains on expanding capacity, improving connectivity and efficiency, 
and gradually broadening our presence across the energy and logistics value chain. Now, we 
remain confident in our growth trajectory and committed to creating sustainable long-term value 
for all our stakeholders. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
              Aegis Vopak Terminals Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
 
So that concludes my remarks. I'd like to now hand over to Mr. Murad Moledina, Director, who 
will take you through the financial performance for the quarter in greater detail. Murad, over to 
you. 
Murad Moledina: 
Thank you, Mr. Raj, and hello to everyone. Let me take you through the key highlights of our 
Q1 FY27 performance. The first quarter continued to reflect healthy business momentum. 
Revenue from operations increased 12.4% year-on-year to INR233.8 crores. Within this, liquid 
terminal revenue stood at INR126.5 crores, registering a growth of 31% year-on-year, while gas 
terminaling revenue stood at INR107.2 crores, a decline of 3.5% year-on-year. 
 
In terms of revenue mix, liquid terminaling contributed 54.1%, while gas terminaling 
contributed 45.9% during the quarter. The growth in liquid terminaling was driven by higher 
volumes, capacity additions, and a more favorable product mix. On the gas side, quarterly 
throughput stood at approximately 0.9 million metric tons. 
 
At the operating level, operating EBITDA increased 15.6% year-on-year to INR179.4 crores. 
This translates into an EBITDA margin of approximately 76.7%, reflecting the strong operating 
characteristics of our terminaling business and the benefit of additional capacity coming online. 
Our cash PAT stood at INR124.9 crores during the quarter. 
 
The continued generation of healthy cash flows provides us with a strong foundation to support 
the significant capacity expansion and the growth investments that Mr. Raj has outlined. Overall, 
our financial position remains strong, supported by healthy cash generation, prudent leverage, 
and a resilient balance sheet. This provides us with the financial flexibility to execute our 
ongoing capex program, while continuing to invest in new growth opportunities. 
 
To summarize, Q1 FY27 was a quarter of continued operational and financial momentum with 
strong growth in liquid terminaling, healthy operating profitability, and robust cash generation. 
With the capacity additions and infrastructure projects currently underway, including 
multimodal evacuation which we are undertaking, we remain well-positioned to participate in 
the next phase of growth. Thank you. 
 
I will now request the moderator to open the floor for the question-and-answer session. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Siddharth Chauhan from 360 ONE Capital. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Chauhan: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions. Firstly, when you look at 
gas throughput charges for a specific terminal, let's say, Kandla terminal, are they fixed on a 
counterparty basis or the charge is same for all the customers at Kandla? 
Murad Moledina : 
We generally follow a standard rate of INR1,175 across our customer profile. But our principals 
may pay us a little bit more, maybe  INR25 more to  at INR1,200. Otherwise, we have a standard 
rate across our customers in the industry. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
              Aegis Vopak Terminals Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Siddharth Chauhan: 
Okay, and are they fixed for a specific term, let's say, like six months or on an annual basis with 
some escalation or these are based on market conditions? 
Murad Moledina : 
Oh, they are based on per metric ton. And please remember these products do not stay in the 
tank for long. They could very well stay for not more than three days or four days also if the 
turnaround is fast. So, these are called throughput charges and not storage charges. They go 
through your tank and they're always on metric ton basis. The emphasis and the focus is on the 
volume growth, not on escalation or, you know, of differential rates time to time. 
Murad Moledina: 
So, they are more volume focused. 
Siddharth Chauhan: 
Understood. You know why I asked is because your distribution margins in, let's say, the 
logistics segment, you know, they have increased during this period of disruption, but the 
terminal throughput charges have not. So just wanted to understand why haven't we been able 
to increase the charges. 
Murad Moledina: 
Yeah, that is because of the fact that distribution involves sourcing, shipping, terminaling as well 
as reaching out to the final client and taking a position of inventory not  even though it is not for 
long. So, it's a completely different business. 
 
Terminaling is just an infrastructure usage business. It doesn't change with the scarcity or excess 
of any product availability in that sense. Of course, currently with the geopolitics, there was a 
lot of uncertainty and difficulty in sourcing energy. And therefore the margins were higher on 
account of the difficulty that was there in sourcing products from a geography as far as America 
and other places. So those are for different efforts, not for infrastructure usage. Infrastructure 
usage remains more or less, you know, the same. 
Siddharth Chauhan: 
Understood. Secondly, is there any impact you are seeing on the residential LPG consumption 
given government has been trying to promote the use of piped natural gas. And secondly, they 
have, you know, they have reduced the subsidized refills to 4 per annum versus 9 earlier? 
Murad Moledina : 
Yeah, no, we do not  we, in fact , from month to month from March onwards, we have seen 
situation improving. Please understand that we are  on account of the geopolitics that has 
happened, we had ramped up the country. When I say we  not Aegis, but the country had ramped 
up refinery production of LPG, which is not cheap. It is costlier than imports. 
 
So that has to come back or else you will find subsidy bills increasing every month. So, I think, 
we are seeing some, sort of, reduction in the shortfall that we have seen month on month. You 
know, so we in July probably we were down. Now, we are almost just about 80%, 85% of the 
normal that we were there earlier. We are already back. 
 
So, I cannot comment on cooking gas usage. Please understand, India’s 60% is rural. You have 
not even laid pipeline all across the country and forget about all across the country, not even in 
all cities. PNG was already there  in tier 1 cities like Mumbai for the last 15 years. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
              Aegis Vopak Terminals Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
 
So, I think the energy consumption per capita also being so low and income effect growing year-
on-year, you will see all energies, not just natural gas, not just LPG, every other energy product 
will show increase, maybe, differently product-by-product in the growth rate that they see. But 
, you will see, we have to still get over our usage of wood and other dirty fuels. So it's a long 
way. Macro-wise, we don't see any much concern. As far as LPG is concerned, these are much 
cleaner fossil fuel and have a very high energy conversion coefficient. 
Siddharth Chauhan: 
Understood. And lastly, if I can squeeze in one more question. In your presentation, you have 
mentioned how India is expected to witness strong industrial LPG demand, like similar to China. 
So can you explain your views on which industries you are expecting to increase their 
consumption of LPG? 
Murad Moledina : 
Across, whoever uses energy. You see LPG has 25% more calligraphic value that is energy 
content inherent in it, okay? Second, it is portable. It doesn't need very high cost pipeline and 
connection charges. It is believed that the  only thing needed to reach LPG to different corners 
of the country is a cylinder which would cost around INR800 to INR1,000 only. 
 
And not just being having more energy content, also being portable, it is also cheaper amongst 
the cheapest fossil fuel that you can get, having one of the lowest carbon footprint, having zero 
global warming potential, no methane. 
 
So, it is so inherent, there are so many inherent advantages, yeah, that we believe that industry, 
now that they have seen how shortage can lead to industry closing down will make proactive 
steps to do infrastructure needed for energy custody. And we will definitely see a more positive, 
you know, growth trajectory as far as LPG is concerned going forward. 
 
But again, I say India is a very large country. Energy required is huge. Per capita consumption 
is still very low. So all energy products whatever you can get and reach out. We have varied 
geography, you know, deserts of Rajasthan, hills of Assam, backwaters of Kerala. We have to 
reach energy to stop wood cutting, to stop wood burning, cow dung burning. There is so much 
out there to substitute. 
Siddharth Chauhan: 
Understood. Thank you so much, sir. This was really helpful and all the best for the future. 
Murad Moledina: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priyankar Biswas from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
Yeah, hi. Good afternoon, sir. And I would say that under these circumstances quite a strong 
performance, first of all. So my first question is regarding the performance. So what I see is that 
at least from whatever PPAC reports, it seems that we have meaningfully gained market share 
quarter-on-quarter. Now from that perspective, what are you doing different from an LPG 
sourcing strategy that, let's say, the OMCs or the others are not able to do? I mean, what explains 
your relatively much lower decline than, let's say, of the overall Indian LPG imports? So what 
exactly are you doing right and what exactly others are not doing, if you can say that? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
              Aegis Vopak Terminals Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes. So, Priyankar, very good question, and the very simple answer is, none of our ships were 
stuck in Middle East. We always were diversified in our sourcing. We have a very good partner 
in ITOCHU. We  just don't source only from source of convenience. You see, Middle East is a 
three days journey, very convenient, and most of the company tend to rely on convenience source 
rather than source of economy. All of our ships were free. They could cart cargo from Argentina, 
Canada, America, Nigeria, all over the place. So I think that was number one. 
 
Number two, we were ramping up our distribution. So those -- that also helped in usage of our 
ullage because now ullage was relatively free, so we could then hold and sell more out of more 
locations than only Mumbai and Kandla earlier. So that also helped. I think these were the two 
key reasons of us going unscathed in spite of very gruesome geopolitics that happened. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
So, should we assume that even if, let's say, tomorrow the Hormuz crisis doesn't ease, let's say, 
for let's say, next 1 or 2 quarters ahead. So is our sourcing strategy like robust enough that -- 
because I joined the call slightly late. So I heard something like the Kandla pipeline is also 
connecting up the LPG pipeline, then maybe eventually the Pipavav pipeline also connects up 
LPG gantry in Mangalore. So all of this, even despite all these headwinds, we should still be 
able to maintain a growing trajectory at least. So is that sustainability? 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes, yes. Very, very, hopeful of doing good. We like to at least grow in our volumes 25% year-
on-year every year. That's our hope. That's how we work for. And I can tell you, there are 4 
pipeline connections getting online this year. One has already happened, Jamnagar-Loni. We are 
operational. Kandla-Gorakhpur at Kandla, Kandla-Gorakhpur at Pipavav should be up and 
running and operational within the next 2 to 3 months. Fourth one, which is Haldia-Panagarh is 
also expected to get up and running probably in another 2 to 3 months' time. Then we look 
forward for the Pipavav liquid rail gantry and the Mangalore LPG rail gantry and also Mangalore 
Hassan-Cherlapalli pipeline. 
 
A lot of big stuff coming up as we go forward. We have already commissioned our ammonia 
cryogenic terminal. And yes, you're right that in spite of a Strait of Hormuz remaining a problem, 
we continue to see even in the month of July, we have seen an improvement, in fact, over what 
was there in the previous quarter. 
 
And I think with all of this multimodal evacuation that we are working on and also the capacities 
that we are working on, in liquid as well as in gas, we are very, very, happy about how the things 
stand. And war apart, geopolitics apart, we I think continue our journey of growth year in, year 
out with adding capacities and maturing utilizations in our already established capacities, 
looking at both organic and inorganic growth, yeah, we remain hopeful of a good year in spite 
of all the difficulties that play. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
Just wanted a clarification. So you said that Haldia-Panagarh LPG pipeline is almost on the verge 
of connecting. Is that right? 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes. 60 kilometer being laid by HPCL is expected to be commissioned in October, November. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
              Aegis Vopak Terminals Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Priyankar Biswas: 
Because if I recall, there can be  I remember there could have been a possibility that I guess you 
would have highlighted maybe on a con call couple of years back that it can give a 1 million ton 
type upswing once it connects to the Panagarh bottling plant. So, does that still hold true? 
Murad Moledina: 
No, so, Priyankar, that plant is capable to do bottling of 0.5 million in a year. And it is currently 
operational though not in full capacity. So I think it should enable a 0.25 million or so depending 
on how it shapes up ultimately. Because even now probably it is going by trucks, but pipeline 
makes it even more better for the customer. 
 
And it is a customer who is laying the pipeline, of course, not without a reason, right? It should 
make a difference to them. It should make a difference to our throughput. We are again very, 
very happy about this development. That this is the fourth pipeline, cross-country pipeline, of 
course, that we are getting connected into during the year itself. And then Mangalore-Hassan 
follows later in the year. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
Murad, if I can just squeeze one more bit-in. So during the IPO, we had spoken about 10,000 
crores of gross block that we will develop out in the first phase after the IPO. So where are we 
in progress with respect to that? 
 
And let's say once we are done, so I guess the capex will be done by FY28 is what I guess. So 
what comes next? And I also heard a lot of plans regarding the liquids capacity. A lot of things 
were told, so I couldn't exactly follow. So what sort of -- like in end of FY27, what is the capacity 
you are expecting, end of FY28 in liquids, what is the capacity you are expecting? 
 
And finally on the Pipavav, you also told about 0.5 million tons additional take-or-pay volumes. 
So what is exactly the revenue or EBITDA model for this because Pipavav, does this mean that 
you will need to put another 0.5 million tons of liquid capacity in Pipavav? 
Murad Moledina: 
No. Okay, let me go one by one, okay. So what you said 10,000 crores, I think we should reach 
by March or worst case June '27. So you will see all of that commissioned and all cylinders firing 
in '27, '28. This 10,000 crores comes out of JNPA expansion, ammonia commissioning, liquid 
commissioning all over the place. 
 
So we are adding half a million by March, one or two months here and there. Half a million in 
liquid, another half a million to 1 million in FY28. So we jump from 1.7 to 2.2, 2.2 to maybe 
close to 3 by FY28 end. So we are going at a very, very fast pace as far as liquid is concerned. 
When we say in Pipavav 0.5 million liquid, that is utilizing our current, already current capacity. 
So it means higher utilization of the capacity that we have -- that we are already operating at 
Pipavav. The multimodal evacuation of rail liquid gantry enables that. 
 
And yes, I think I have answered all three of your questions. 10,000 crores, definitely we are 
looking at by March '27, a month or two here and there. And liquid, we jump from 1.7 to 2.2 in 
this year, 2.2 to close to 3 by next year, and Pipavav liquid of course, like I just mentioned, 0.5 
is utilization, more utilization of an existing capacity. Hope it answers all your questions. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
The last part was what comes after this -- 10,000 crores. So that was what I asked. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
              Aegis Vopak Terminals Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes. So, we are looking at several opportunities, organic as well as inorganic, and we are very, 
very close to closing a lot of those opportunities. As and when we enter into binding agreements, 
we'll come up and share the news with our investors. 
 
Also, please understand that we are talking about now more things than we have been doing in 
the past. We are accustomed to believe that AVTL will only be port-based terminals. But now 
we are looking to add inland depots. We are looking to, we are talking very seriously for 
participating in strategic storage that is needed for the country. We are also talking for industrial 
terminals doing a built-up. 
 
So the canvas of opportunity is now varied. It's no more port-based only. We are talking about 
multimodal evacuation like putting up rail gantries, connecting into cross-country pipeline, 
getting and putting inland depots, also doing bigger stuff like strategic storage, industrial 
terminals. But these all you cannot time it. It happens, then you just get on with it. 
 
But we, I think still remain very, very positive on that $5 billion capex objective that we have to 
complete by 2030-'31. Only thing is we will not be able to exactly say the spread of this 
expansion beyond 10,000 crores to 45,000 crores. It may be lumpy, it may be simultaneous, time 
will tell. We will of course share as and when, but we are working very aggressively not just on 
organic, but also inorganic. 
 
It's actually what Mr. Raj was telling me this morning, it's an inflection point, I think with the 
kind of opportunities that we are looking at. Probably we are very, very positive on the growth 
journey of AVTL,  I would say owning operating infrastructure in India across. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
Thank you so much. That was very comprehensive. 
Murad Moledina: 
You're welcome. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Vekaria from Budhrani Finance. Please 
go ahead. 
Chirag Vekaria: 
Sir, wanted to know for current quarter, your gas EBIT is down viz a viz sequentially and Y-o-
Y. So what explains this? 
Murad Moledina: 
The geopolitics, the war. So we have managed to be stable and we are there still inspite of LPG, 
because this infrastructure is used by national oil companies also, who have suffered big time 
because their ships got stuck in Strait of Hormuz. 
 
In spite of that, we have been able to do good. In spite of that, our revenue has increased, Y-o-
Y or Q-o-Q, I think, and we've done a decent job in spite of very difficult times for any business 
which is infrastructure in energy. 
 
So I think we have managed to come out unscathed and hope to remain so, in fact, build on. We 
have always demonstrated growth year-on-year both in EBITDAs and our revenue as well as 
our PAT, and we hope to maintain that this year also. Growth coming out of new capacity, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
              Aegis Vopak Terminals Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
growth coming out of utilization of our existing capacity. We are very hopeful that we will be 
able to deliver. 
Chirag Vekaria: 
Yeah. Sir, on the liquid side, can you throw some light on occupancy? I mean how's the 
occupancy? 
Murad Moledina: 
Occupancy is not what liquid works on. So the rate is on CBM basis. It is like if I give a capacity, 
whether it is occupied by the customer or not, I get paid. So you don't have to look at it as per 
the occupancy. We have improved liquid revenue and EBITDA in this quarter that comes out of 
the capacities which were commissioned last year maturing even more. Especially JNPA plot 1. 
And we expect more capacities coming on stream during the year. So liquid, as always, will 
deliver a very good performance. 
Chirag Vekaria: 
Where I am coming to is, sir, are we seeing improved realization and margins, that is what I am 
trying to understand, in the liquid segment? 
Murad Moledina: 
Oh, yes, of course, because our capacities which have come up last year are in better location, 
you will see better realization not just in this quarter, but going forward also. You will see 
improvement in… 
Chirag Vekaria: 
Yeah. And the ammonia, sir, what would be the -- you stated the capacity of 36,000 tons. How 
many tons and throw some light on the mechanism side? 
Murad Moledina: 
So ammonia terminal can do 3 tons, so that is, it would probably be able to do a million tons 
theoretically. We are not again, like LPG, we are projecting 20% to 25% in the first year. Of 
course, first full year of operation. So, you have to prorate it because it has come up in August,  
but the realizations are 2.5 to 3 times the LPG realization. So that helps in spite of the lower ton 
that it is able to do. 
Chirag Vekaria: 
So just one last thing, what is Vopak's liquid EBITDA and gas EBITDA? 
Murad Moledina: 
That is already mentioned in our, is Vopak  Royal Vopak, my partner? 
Chirag Vekaria: 
No, no, sir, Aegis Vopak, sir. 
Murad Moledina: 
So Aegis Vopak is already there in the presentation. Please look into it. I don't have it offhand, 
but it is there. 
Chirag Vekaria: 
Okay, sir. Okay, thank you. Thank you. 
Murad Moledina: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Koundinya from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Koundinya: 
Yeah, hi sir, Koundinya here from Jefferies. My first question I think which you partly answered 
to the previous participant. Can you help us understand this sharp rise in liquid revenues a bit 
better, obviously capacity hasn't gone up, so what has changed here on a Y-o-Y basis? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
              Aegis Vopak Terminals Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Murad Moledina: 
As you are aware, the capacities that came up last year were for part of the year. And now they 
have matured. Once the capacities come up, the mix of product changes, that takes some time. 
So now you have JNPA 1 fully firing and delivering on its performance. You know JNPA gives 
you a realization of INR6,000 a year against your average blended rate of INR3,000. So that is 
what makes the difference. 
Koundinya: 
Understood sir. Sir, my second question is on the capacity expansion plans, mostly on the gas 
side. I think to one of the questions earlier you indicated that, you intend to grow 25% year-on-
year for foreseeable future, that when I compare that with about four and a half, 5%, 5% annual 
growth in LPG volume, which is also articulated in your presentation, right? 
 
So, at some point your market share will peak. I think today you are at around 19%, 20%. If I 
were to look at in FY26. So what do you think is a peak market share that you can garner? And 
is that also one of the reasons why you are looking at strategic storage and inland terminals? Can 
you spend some time on this, please? 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes. So well, LPG when I am growing, look at my base and look at your statistic. That is very 
misleading. So when you are applying 4%, 5%, you are applying on 33 million tons, okay? 
Right. So that is 1.65 million tons. When I am growing 25%, what is the base on which I am 
growing? So you see, my volumes are 10% of the total demand. So when I am growing at 25%, 
it is actually 2.5% of that 5% that I am getting. So the incremental growth is coming to me 
because the capacity addition is what I have made recently. 
 
No one else is adding capacity, right? And the capacity which is already there might be saturated 
in terms of turning around. So their terminals are not capable to turn around as much as I can 
turn around my terminal. For example, the ones which are in existence and which are old, turn 
around 26 to 30 times a year. My terminal can do and handle by turning around maybe 70 to 100 
times. So from the same capacity, I can keep doing more whereas they get saturated, right? 
 
So, the incremental growth comes more to me because I have a capacity which can handle. I 
have also commissioned two very big cryogenic terminal last year at Pipavav 48,000 metric tons 
capable to do 4 million, and at Mangalore 82,000 metric tons capable to do 6 million tons. So I 
have capacity which is ready to handle products. 
 
Also, the fact please understand, you know what happened when with the geopolitics and the 
war, when the ships came out one by one, what was done by national oil companies is to ration 
it to different locations. Whereas I had terminals at different locations. I was not restricted by 
having facility only at one location. So I could get the drops, the different small, small drops 
which were done. So there are several, several reasons. 
 
Also, the fact that I get into a location where there is an operator who is very inefficient. He is 
costing the customer tons of money because he is small-scale, he is inefficient, his infrastructure 
is old. So when my infrastructure comes up, it replaces the throughput which this old, inefficient 
terminal is doing, and thereby I am actually replacing some of the existing demand which was 
handled hitherto by an inefficient operator, by an efficient infrastructure which saves costs and 

 
 
 
 
 
 
              Aegis Vopak Terminals Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
saves money for the customer and for the country. So, these are some of the reasons by which 
you will see 25% growth versus a 5% growth maybe, yeah. 
Koundinya: 
Sure, sir. Sir, thank you very much for the detailed answer. Sir, have you heard anything 
incrementally between last con call and now on the strategic storage initiatives by the 
government? Is there some progress on that? 
Murad Moledina: 
Progressing as we speak, and it takes time. These are big decisions, and there are a lot of factors 
to be considered by the national oil companies, government, and everyone, all stakeholders who 
are involved. It is not an easy decision. It will happen, and if it happens, and we are called for to 
do it, we are there all equipped to undertake such infrastructure. We await and see how it unfolds. 
Koundinya: 
Sure sir. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Murad Moledina: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Mehta from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Yeah, hi sir. A very good afternoon. Am I audible? 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Yeah, hi sir. First of all, sir, congrats on the amazing set of results despite the macro situation. 
Just wanted to know the 31% growth in liquid, which maybe I think Aegis handles I think 40 
plus types of liquids which is a mix of faster and slower moving. So has thechange in mix led to 
the improvement in higher volume and higher realization? 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes, it is a -- there are many, many things which lead to increase. There are also new capacities 
that have come up in the last year, also change of mix, also higher occupancy. So it is  not higher 
occupancy, higher turnaround or usage for that matter. So  it's not one clear simple answer to 
that, and what is important is increase in profits, EBITDA. That is what we always focus on. 
Yeah, we are very bottom-line driven company. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Okay, sir. My second question is on the evacuation pipelines going live. And I think Kandla 
connects to Jamnagar-Loni as well and also it connects to the Kandla-Gorakhpur pipeline. But I 
think the capacity at Kandla is 48,000 million metric tons. So I think are we maybe going to face 
kind of capacity constraints in terms of the LPG capacity at Kandla and any plans to expand 
capacity at Kandla for LPG? 
Murad Moledina: 
Never say no. You have hit the nail. Never know if the situation demands. We follow demand. 
So if we see there is enough growth that is happening and which is sustainable for long term,  
nothing stops us from doing  from going for expansion in Kandla. But first let's, do increase the 
usage, earn more and more profits, and then we will see. As what the customer wants, we are 
there to support by putting up infrastructure needed for their usage. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
              Aegis Vopak Terminals Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Kunal Mehta: 
Okay. And sir, on the tariff for LPG, I think in the previous one of the answers you mentioned 
that the tariff at Kandla was about INR1,200 per ton. So is it same across all the terminals or is 
it, probably JNPA more higher since you mentioned JNPA liquid at JNPA also almost double 
the average. So in terms of LPG, what is the parity in terms of the tariff that follows? 
Murad Moledina: 
No, LPG is a volume-driven game and the tariff is same across all terminals, across the country. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Okay. So Haldia, Kandla, Pipavav, everything will be same? 
Murad Moledina: 
Correct, because as I mentioned, the product does not stay for long. It just goes through your 
tank. And what is important is to focus on how fast that turn happens, how much more you 
handle in terms of volume. And that is the key, not the tariff. 
Kunal Mehta: 
So is it rational to say that we will be growing at around 40%, 45% in volumes from the 5.2 
million metric tons we did last year? 
Murad Moledina: 
Oh, that was on Aegis as a whole, what you are talking about. In AVTL, we did 3.9 million. I 
just said before we work towards increasing our volumes at least 25% year-on-year. Happy to 
have delivered more than 25% growth. But the work is all there. We are doing on multiple fronts. 
We are simultaneously doing work at so many sites. 
 
We were counting it is more than 25 sites, small, big work that is happening. We are connecting 
multimodal evacuation. We are putting up bottling plants. We are putting up terminals. We are 
trying our best to have the infrastructure ready, which will deliver growth for us and make profit. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Great, sir. If I just can squeeze one last question. How will the capex ahead be funded from the 
current around six and a half thousand to about 10,000, and then going ahead because I think 
will it be through more through debt or will it be -- will be, I know we are due to offload some 
stake as well. So will it be more towards debt or a mix of everything? 
Murad Moledina: 
So mix of everything. So take it from us that we do not cross the limit of 0.6 debt gearing, cap 
to 3.5 times EBITDA. If I am talking about a $5 billion capex by 2030-'31, it means that $3 
billion can max come from debt. 
 
So I have to ensure and try my best to reach an equity net worth of $2 billion. I would almost 
with my second phase of equity which I have to do mandatorily to dilute to 25% by 2nd June 
2028, we are confident that this $2 billion mark, along with this equity infusion and internal 
accruals, we will be able to reach. So I think $5 billion capex is funded, funded well. 
 
Of course, at any point of time you will see sometimes only equity, debt being extinguished. 
Sometime you will see debt building up. So it all depends, the spread will not be equal. The 
spread will not be that yeah, I am doing 40% equity, 60% debt all the time. 
 
Sometimes when the equity comes in, then it would only be equity or debt gone away or 
extinguished. And then again debt will build up, then internal accruals will add to the equity. So, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
              Aegis Vopak Terminals Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
it's -- but what I can tell you is that the plan is well laid out for funding fully funding the $5 
billion capex that we have  the objective to achieve going forward in the next five years. 
Kunal Mehta: 
And sir, this includes only the existing four ports and the Vadhavan Port? Any other port that 
we are planning to add apart from this? 
Murad Moledina: 
Oh, there are 200 odd ports in the country. I am only in seven. Of course, there will be an effort 
to get more presence in more ports, depending on again demand that we see. Then also building 
infrastructure for more products. Also like I have just said, trying to put up inland depots, trying 
for strategic storage, trying to get to and do industrial terminals for blue chip clients. So there 
are so many opportunities out there which we will keep working on and trying to develop 
infrastructure. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Great, sir. All the best, sir. I'll fall back in the queue for more questions. 
Murad Moledina: 
Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The last question is from the line of Dr. Amit Vora from Homeopathic Clinic. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Vora: 
Yeah, my questions are answered. I'm so sorry for that. Thank you. 
Murad Moledina: 
No problem. Thank you. 
Amit Vora: 
Thank you, everyone. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take this as the last question. On behalf of entire MUFG that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
