 
 
 
4th August, 2026 
 
Stock Code: BSE: 500696 
 
       NSE: HINDUNILVR  
 
      ISIN: INE030A01027 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call for the quarter ended 30th June, 2026 
 
 
This is further to our letter dated 28th July, 2026, whereby the Company had submitted the link to 
the audio/video recording of the Earnings Call held post announcement of Financial Results for the 
quarter ended 30th June, 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with sub-para 15, Para A, Part A of Schedule III of the                     
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the 
Transcript of the said Earnings Call, for your information and records. 
 
The transcript of the Earnings Call is also available on the Company’s website at 
https://www.hul.co.in/files/jq26-earnings-call-transcript.pdf.  
 
Please take the above information on record.  
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
 
Radhika Shah 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A19308 
BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Radhika 
Kartik Shah
Digitally signed by 
Radhika Kartik Shah 
Date: 2026.08.04 
16:55:50 +05'30'

Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
 
June Quarter 2026  
Earnings call of  
Hindustan Unilever Limited 
July 28th, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Speakers: 
Ms. Priya Nair - Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
Mr. Niranjan Gupta - CFO, Executive Director, Finance 
Mr. Yogesh Mulgaonkar - Head of Investor Relations & Head of Finance, 
Personal Care 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Hindustan Unilever Limited 
Conference Call for the Results of Quarter ended 30th June 2026. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Yogesh Mulgaonkar, Head of Investor 
Relations and Head of Finance, Personal Care. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
Thank you, Dorwin. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the conference call 
of Hindustan Unilever Limited. This evening, we will be covering the results for 
quarter ended 30th June 2026. On the call with me is Priya Nair, CEO and 
Managing Director; and Niranjan Gupta, our CFO. We will start with prepared 
remarks from Priya and Niranjan. We expect this to take around 15 minutes, 
leaving us around 45 minutes for the Q&A session. We will look to end the call by 
5:00 PM. 
 
Before we get started with the presentation, I would like to draw your attention 
to the safe Harbor Statement included in the presentation for good order's sake. 
With that, over to you, Priya. 
Priya Nair: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Welcome 
to the first earnings call of full year '26-'27. Let me begin with an update on the 
operating context, followed by key performance highlights. Subsequently, 
Niranjan will take you through the results and conclude with the outlook. 
 
The quarter was shaped by an increasingly uncertain global environment, 
characterized by geopolitical tensions, volatile commodity markets and 
currency fluctuations. Against this backdrop, India demonstrated notable 
resilience. The country entered this period with solid macroeconomic 
foundations, supported by the policy measures implemented through FY26. 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 3 of 25 
 
 
During the quarter, coordinated fiscal and monetary policy actions helped to 
manage energy security, inflation and currency volatility. These interventions 
helped 
to cushion the impact on households and business, aiding 
macroeconomic stability. The FMCG demand environment remained stable 
during the quarter, reflecting the underlying strength of consumption. 
 
In this context, we delivered another quarter of progressively improving 
performance. Turnover for the quarter stood at INR17,184 crores, with an 
Underlying Sales Growth of 10%, driven equally by volume and price. This 
represents our highest growth in 13 quarters. It reflects the result of decisive 
actions taken to transform our portfolio, sharpen execution and strengthen 
market development. 
 
What is particularly encouraging is the consistency of progress. Our growth 
trajectory has strengthened from 3% in the first half of FY’26 to 10% in this quarter. 
Equally important is that this growth is competitive as we continue to gain 
turnover weighted market share. The combination of accelerating growth, 
healthy volume contribution and strengthening competitiveness reinforces our 
conviction that we are building a future-fit business for long-term growth.  
We have delivered this strong performance in a volatile environment with 
resilience and agility. This was enabled by the competitive moats we have built 
over time. Let me touch on a few of them. 
 
First, our supply chain resilience proved to be a critical advantage. By harnessing 
the scale of our global procurement network, we ensured continuity of supplies 
without any disruption. Complementing this, our digitally powered agile R&D and 
flexible manufacturing capabilities helped us to maintain service levels 
throughout the quarter. 
 
Second, our portfolio strength was a key source of resilience. With 50 brands in 
15 categories straddling across the price-benefit pyramid, we are uniquely 
positioned to serve the diverse evolving needs of consumers. Given the strength 
of our brands and portfolio, we have been able to implement calibrated pricing 
while preserving our consumer franchise. 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 
 
Third, despite the cost pressures, we continue to invest behind our brands to 
support long-term growth. In June quarter, we stepped our A&P spends up 
sequentially to INR1,657 crores, the highest in 11 quarters. Similarly, we continue to 
strengthen our omni-channel execution. Quick commerce continued to grow 
strong double digits, while in GT, we grew our distribution, led out of small towns 
and rural. Further, we continue to expand off-line expansion of our digital-first 
brands like Minimalist and Simple. 
 
And finally, our financial agility enabled us to balance near-term pressure with 
long-term value creation. Our rigorous savings program, coupled with 
disciplined P&L management, helped us manage the cost inflation and generate 
fuel for growth. Backed by a strong balance sheet and healthy cash generation, 
we continue to invest behind our brands, innovation and market-making 
capabilities. 
 
As we step up our performance, we are equally focused on building capabilities 
that will shape our next phase of growth. Our approach is to invest ahead of the 
curve, on innovation, technology, manufacturing, and digital transformation to 
ensure that we remain future-fit and create desire at scale. 
 
A powerful example of this commitment is the launch of Unilever Fragrance 
House in India. It is a part of a global program to advance fragrance creation 
capabilities, both in-house and in partnership with key fragrance houses. It brings 
together the best of science, consumer insight and artificial intelligence close to 
one of the fastest-growing markets in the world. 
 
Our Liquids Lab of the Future in Mumbai is another such example. It is built with 
advanced AI and digitally enabled facilities to accelerate innovation in future-
facing high-growth formats. This lab can accelerate formulation development 
timelines by up to 6 times to respond with speed to consumer needs. 
 
In supply chain, we are continuing to raise the bar on manufacturing excellence. 
In this quarter, the Haridwar and Sonepat factories were recognized by the World 
Economic Forum’s Global Lighthouse Network in the Supply Chain Resilience and 
Sustainability categories, respectively. These recognitions reflect our ability to 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 5 of 25 
 
use advanced analytics and digital technologies to respond to changing demand 
conditions while reducing the environmental footprint. With these recognitions, 
HUL now holds 8 WEF Lighthouse designations across 6 sites, the highest for any 
company in India. 
 
And finally, we are embedding artificial intelligence across our value chain, not 
just as a stand-alone initiative, but as a core enabler of how we operate. An 
example of this is our digital-first distribution centre in Vijayawada, where AI-
enabled real-time visibility creates a digitally orchestrated fulfilment ecosystem. 
It improves accuracy and transparency through faster demand sensing, 
warehouse operations, truck tracking and digital proof of delivery. This fits very 
well into the rapidly evolving retail landscape and allows us to serve consumers 
and customers better. 
 
Taken together, these investments are not only strengthening our capabilities for 
today but also building the foundations for a sustained competitive and long-
term value creation.  
While I have touched upon a few examples today, I really look forward to sharing 
more of our strategy at our Capital Markets Day in September. 
 
With this, let me hand over to Niranjan to talk you through the quarter results in 
detail. 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Thank you, Priya, and good afternoon, everyone. I will walk you through our 
quarter performance and then close with the outlook. 
 
As Priya mentioned earlier, we delivered a strong performance with a revenue 
growth of 10%, underpinned by UVG of 5%.  
We navigated external volatility through financial discipline across all the lines of 
P&L, delivering EBITDA Margin of 23%, which was within the guided range. 
Absolute EBITDA grew 8% year-on-year to INR3,947 crores, while Profit After Tax 
before exceptional items grew 9% year-on-year to INR2,731 crores. The strong 
growth in EBITDA and PAT(bei) reflects the quality of our earnings and the 
resilience of our business. 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 
 
The reported Profit After Tax after exceptional items stood at INR2,680 crores, 
declining 2% year-on-year due to one-off tax credit of ~INR330 crores in the base 
period of June quarter'25. Adjusted for this, the Profit After Tax stands at 11% 
growth year-on-year basis. 
 
Moving to segment performance for the quarter. Home Care delivered 14% USG, 
driven by high-single digit UVG. This is its strongest performance in 3 years.  
Fabric Wash delivered a broad-based double-digit, volume-led growth. Bars and 
powders sustained their step-up, while liquids grew competitively and 
accelerated its double-digit growth trajectory. 
 
Household Care also accelerated its performance, delivering double-digit USG 
and UVG. Vim Liquid reported another quarter of double-digit growth, with 
market development actions continuing to increase penetration.  
Given the external volatility, we continue to see inflation in crude-linked 
derivatives and are taking calibrated price increases across the segment. 
 
Turning now to Beauty & Wellbeing. This has been a strong quarter, with the 
segment delivering 12% USG, driven by high-single digit UVG.  
Hair Care delivered another quarter of double-digit, volume-led growth. 
Premium Hair Care, including future-formats like hair mask and serums, continue 
to outperform, reinforcing the relevance of our propositions with consumers. We 
further strengthened our market leadership during the quarter. 
 
Skin Care and Colour Cosmetics grew high-single digit, led by double-digit 
growth in Premium Skin Care. Minimalist strengthened its double-digit growth 
trajectory. We have expanded the brand aggressively in off-line channels since 
the acquisition last year. During the quarter, Vaseline Gluta-Hya franchise 
broadened its portfolio with the launch of smoothening body lotion, enabling 
category premiumization and de-seasonalization.  

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 7 of 25 
 
Health & Wellbeing saw a soft quarter as we transition OZiva business towards 
emerging consumer demand spaces. We remain committed to investing behind 
the portfolio and are confident of its long-term growth potential. 
 
Turning now to Personal Care. The segment delivered 4% USG for the quarter, 
driven by price increases taken in response to continued palm oil inflation for the 
second consecutive year.  
Skin Cleansing grew mid-single digit, driven by Premium Bars, such as Dove and 
Pears, 
delivering 
double-digit, 
volume-led 
growth. 
Sustained 
market 
development efforts in Bodywash accelerated its double-digit growth 
trajectory, while strengthening its category leadership. 
 
Oral Care delivered mid-single digit growth, premium innovations like Closeup 
White Now, Pepsodent Gum Care and Sensitive Care continued to gain traction, 
enhancing our presence in higher-benefit demand spaces. 
 
Talking about Foods, the segment delivered a USG of 7%, driven by mid-single 
digit UVG.  
Premium Tea reported low-single digit UVG, while Coffee delivered double-
digit, volume-led growth. Our ready-to-drink formats and Bru Gold continued to 
scale up, reinforcing the strength of our proposition in this space.  
Lifestyle Nutrition continued its momentum with double-digit growth in Horlicks 
and Boost both. The category reported its fifth consecutive quarter of positive 
UVG. During the quarter, Boost crossed the INR1,000 crore annual turnover 
milestone, making it our 21st brand in our portfolio to be in the INR1,000 crore plus 
club. The relaunched Horlicks Superfoods and RTD offerings continue to see 
positive traction, while Horlicks Biscuits continued its double-digit growth 
momentum as well. 
 
Packaged Foods delivered high-single digit growth, led by robust performance 
in Unilever Food Solutions, Mayonnaise and International Sauces. Kissan Chutney 
maintained encouraging momentum, and we expanded the portfolio with two 
new variants during the quarter. 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 8 of 25 
 
 
Now coming to our outlook.  
Indian economy continues to remain resilient while the global external 
environment remains a little bit uncertain, and we continue to monitor the 
progress of monsoon, but we do see continued stability in the FMCG demand 
space.  
Backed by the continued action on market development, channel expansion and 
portfolio transformation, we remain confident that FY’27 will be better than 
FY’26. 
 
While commodities and currencies remain elevated, our approach remains 
consistent and disciplined- driving structural savings, taking calibrated pricing 
actions and making judicious media investments. We, therefore, expect EBITDA 
Margin to remain around the current guided range.  
Finally, our focus remains clear and unchanged, delivering competitive volume-
led growth anchored to our key priorities. 
 
With this, we conclude our prepared remarks, and I will now hand back to 
Yogesh to commence the Q&A session. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
Thank you, Priya and Niranjan. With this, we will now move to Q&A. We request 
you to kindly restrict the number of questions to a maximum of two at a time. In 
case you have any further questions, please join the queue again. In addition to 
the audio, our participants have an option to post the questions through the web 
option on your screen. We will take those questions just before we end. 
 
With that, I will now hand the call back to Dorwin to manage the next session for 
us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our 
first question comes from the line of Manoj Menon with ICICI Securities. 
Manoj Menon: 
Just two questions only. One, when I look at the outlook statement of last quarter 
versus the current quarter, we do find, I don't think it's a subtle change, it's quite 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 9 of 25 
 
significant in my opinion, wherein you stated last time that let's say, well equipped 
to navigate market volatility. 
 
Now actually stating that continue to monitor monsoons and geopolitics. 
Because, look, these two elements were definitely there a few months back as 
well. Is there a change in thought process or the confidence levels in terms of, 
let's say, how FY’27 should pan out, what you thought 3 months back versus 
today? 
Priya Nair: 
So, Manoj, absolutely no change in what we said from last time. So, we continue 
to believe we are well positioned to navigate the volatility, whether it is in terms 
of our portfolio, procurement, supply chain savings. And similar to the way we 
have managed in June quarter going forward, we feel we are well placed. We 
are only cautioning for the economic scenario and how it might pan out. That 
remains volatile. We need to see how that pans out. We remain extremely 
confident in how we will be able to navigate. 
Manoj Menon: 
That's fair. Secondly, just on the soaps business, if I am to think about the, let's say, 
the drivers or the reasons for the mid-single digit volume decline. If you could 
just help us understand -- is it how much is, let's say, the grammage reduction 
headwind? Let's say, how much is the category growth aspect versus, let's say, 
what it was last year? And point number 3, market share. 
Niranjan Gupta: 
So as far as soaps is concerned, Manoj, we have seen soaps category impacted 
by palm oil inflation continued for 2 years. So, there is a price impact on the 
category as such. Having said that, what we are focused on, therefore, within this 
is to drive premiumization. And therefore, our Dove and Pears, if you look at it, 
has grown double-digits, and has grown since last quarter and this quarter as 
well. 
 
Further, Bodywash also is continuing double-digit as we are doing market 
development and expanding Bodywash, which is actually very low penetration 
as of now. But we lead the Bodywash category and continue to expand the 
category. So that is on one side that we are leading on the premiumization and 
the format development that we are doing on the soap category. And on the 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 10 of 25 
 
other hand, obviously, we will continue to look to drive the volumes upwards as 
we move forward. 
Manoj Menon: 
Just double clicking on only one point and I will come back in the queue. In your 
opinion, the reason I was saying in your opinion because nowadays, given the 
channel complexity, market shares is not that straightforward to calculate. In 
your opinion, do you have held shares in soaps? Or how that has moved actually 
in the bar category? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Yes. I mean we don't talk about the competitiveness given that there are so many 
data points that actually travel across. But it's fair to say that it is an overall 
category picture, which is impacted by the palm oil inflation. And within that, if 
you have to see that the way we are growing the premium, which is Dove and 
Pears, that's definitely in the premium category ahead of the others. 
Priya Nair: 
Yes, Manoj, we don't guide, as you know, by segment. But at an overall level, we 
have continued to be competitive in the quarter and are winning turnover-
weighted market shares. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Mihir Shah with Nomura. 
Mihir Shah: 
First question is a clarification on your statement of a stable demand environment 
expected in the outlook. So, when you say that stable demand environment is 
expected, does it mean that one should see similar optical volume growth that is 
seen in 1Q? Or one should see it in conjuncture with the base of last year and see 
it on a 2-year CAGR basis because you have a flat volume in 2Q last year. So that 
was the first clarification. 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. I think we won't guide you into a quarter guidance, Mihir, as you can imagine. 
What we have guided for is that full year '27 will be ahead of full year '26, and we 
are retaining that guidance. And overall, we see demand continuing to be stable 
going into the quarter. 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Yes. Like there was apprehension earlier that there could be inflation-led impact 
on the FMCG demand. And we are not seeing that at all. The consumption 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 11 of 25 
 
continues to be strong, and which is the reason for us to believe that to guide for 
a stable demand environment moving forward as well. 
Mihir Shah: 
Understood. I think to see it in that context will be much better. Secondly, on the 
commodity statement. When you say commodity volatility persists, would it be 
fair to assume that Gross Margins will continue to see sequential pressure as price 
hikes that we see are lower than the cost inflation. You had indicated that cost 
inflation was closer to 10%, pricing inflation is closer to 5%. And maybe on the 
pricing growth as well, can one expect it to inch up from these levels? Or there 
is any anniversarization that we should keep in mind when we think about pricing 
growth going forward? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
So, I think I will tell you an overall picture that the commodities continue to 
remain, you also know, continue to remain elevated even now. We have been 
very measured in terms of passing the price increase to the consumers as you 
saw. 
 
Equally, our leverage on the P&L and all the lines of P&L has still allowed us to 
deliver EBITDA within the guided range. And that gives us the confidence, along 
with the plans that we have, that with whatever little bit of inching up price or 
whatever judicious price you may have to take, even if it's far less than inflation, 
we'll be able to deliver EBITDA around the guided range. So, I would not comment 
on the Gross Margin, but I would comment on the EBITDA because these are all 
the lines of P&L that we are leveraging. 
Mihir Shah: 
Understood. If I may just put on the same lines, just ask you about how should we 
think about ad spends? And I understand the EBITDA comment that you made, 
we are seeing that it has been growing slower than the sales growth since the 
past few quarters. I did hear Priya's comment on the absolute number on ad 
spend going up over the past couple of quarters. But when you see the growth 
rate in conjuncture with sales growth, it has been lower since. It seems like some 
under-investing is happening to maintain the margins. So wanted a quick 
comment on that, if you don't mind. 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 12 of 25 
 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. I think when you look at our ad spend, you also have to factor in, Mihir, the 
return on investments that we are getting. We have a lot of AI-enabled return on 
marketing investment programs in place. That, along with our procurement 
leverage, given the inflationary conditions, are allowing us to get savings on our 
overall media cost.  
 
So, looking at it just a single like-to-like basis would not be strictly comparable. 
So that's the first thing I want to say. And also, the mix of marketing that we are 
doing by channel and all the work that we are doing on return on investment 
allow us to get much more efficiency behind our media spend. Niranjan, anything 
you want to add? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Absolutely. And the best way to look at A&P also is that how is our competitive 
spend on the GRP levels. And actually, that has been going up. So that, therefore, 
when you look at the SOV, SOMs that have been going up and we are number 
one in most of the categories. So, the absolute spend size become sizable. And 
which is why we highlighted that on an absolute level, this is the highest in the 11-
12 quarters of the A&P spends that we have done. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Aditya Soman with CLSA. 
Aditya Soman: 
So, two questions from me. Firstly, I think from your results, it seems evident that 
there's sort of a K-shaped growth pattern where the mass categories and mass 
segments seem to be growing slower, whereas the sort of more premium 
categories are growing faster. So, from your perspective, is this assertion true? 
 
And second, are you making a concerted effort in sort of playing this trend? And 
secondly, if you can just comment on how sort of general trade and rural growth 
has done this quarter and what your outlook on that is, maybe for the rest of the 
year? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes, I can start, and then Niranjan can add. So firstly, our mass growths are not 
behind, and it's not so at a total organization level, I mean, if you start looking at a 
subsegment level, you may find some differences in some categories. But at a 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 13 of 25 
 
total level, we continue to see competitive growths in mass as we see 
competitive growths in premium. 
 
And of course, in India, you are at higher growth rates in some of the premium 
subsegments, that indeed is the case in the shape of the market. But the first thing, 
because it sounds like you're suggesting that we are pushing towards only 
premium growth. So, I want to correct that notion and say we continue to be 
competitive. 
 
It's very important given our scale for us to continue to be competitive at the mass 
end of the portfolio and this is the reason why we have a large volumetric base, 
while continuing to drive premiumization in line with the trend line of the market. 
So that's the first thing I would say to you. And Niranjan, anything you want to add 
on that? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
No. That's perfect. 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. And the second thing in terms of rural versus urban growth for us, both rural 
and urban growth have been robust and continue to be strong. So therefore, in 
fact, in the last few quarters, we have seen a step-up in our rural growth and 
therefore, that's been the big change and driver for us over the last few quarters. 
But demand overall continues to be stable, both in rural and in urban. So, I hope 
that answers the question. 
Aditya Soman: 
Yes, yes, it does. I think, just one follow-up on that. I mean, I totally understand. I 
didn't mean sort of that your sort of opportunities is lower, I just meant to ask if 
the growth for premium is faster. And in that context, since you mentioned rural 
growing faster, so even there, this trend would hold true, right, of premiumization 
and the premium category is generally growing faster? 
Priya Nair: 
Absolutely. Across Pop Strata in the country today, consumer products tend to 
be in that direction over time. And we have a portfolio. The thing I want to clarify 
I wanted to underline the importance of our mass business for us. So, we have 
leadership because we have the portfolio we have with straddles across the 
price piano, and winning at each end of this market is very important. And that's 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 14 of 25 
 
the shape of growth that we are looking for is competitive growth at each end 
of the pyramid. And of course, the premium segment grows faster. So, I hope that 
clarifies. 
Aditya Soman: 
Yes, it does. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Nihal Jham with HSBC. 
Nihal Jham: 
I had three questions. Will quickly take them. The first is, if I look at our Q1 volume 
growth of 5% versus, say, 6% in Q4, fair to say that it's mainly the moderation in tea 
volumes and soaps, which sort of explains this deceleration, right? And all the 
other subsegments would have seen a pickup in volume growth? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Yeah, from a trajectory perspective, yes. 
Nihal Jham: 
That's helpful. The second one, Priya and Niranjan, was, say, on the El Nino impact. 
I know you have called that out, historically, when we have also seen the 
performance in, say, years when El Nino has been extremely strong that we have 
not seen that much of an impact in terms of how our overall top line or volume 
growth would have been impacted. So, it is fair to say that irrespective of how 
the El Nino impact sort of plays out, there wouldn't be much of an impact on the 
growth is what we are thinking at this point in time? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. I mean I will just give you some statistics and maybe that will help. Overall, I 
mean, since you guys will know this, but agriculture is now 15% of the GDP of India. 
And in a difficult year versus a good year, the impact will be 50-60 basis points to 
overall GDP growth. Within that, our portfolio, because of the spread both across 
categories and the depth in each subsegment, we feel very confident that we 
can navigate. Which is why we are not guiding differently. 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Yes. And if I were to just build on Priya's point, the added thing is that while that's 
the quantum impact that happens, there's also been MSP increases that have 
happened around 5% to 6%. So therefore, in a sense, there is some sort of 
insulation to an extent on the rural income part of it. 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 15 of 25 
 
 
And therefore, when you see the rainfall progression as of now, because this 
monsoon is important. It started with a huge deficit, but now it has now actually 
increased, and therefore, the deficit is now only 15% of the overall. Now as long 
as the deficit remains between 15% to 20%, we do not see any meaningful impact 
on the Indian economy. 
Nihal Jham: 
Got that, Niranjan. Just one final question is on OZiva. Looking at FY26, the 
performance was very strong at, I think, at an 80% kind of growth the first full year 
when you were operating it. In Q1, when you are calling out the moderation, any 
specific aspects about what changes are we making that the growth has sort of 
moderated? 
Priya Nair: 
No. Listen, in these kind of categories, growth doesn't tend to be linear, right? 
These are small businesses moving at sometimes at very high velocity. We just 
need to keep driving that curve of growth and innovation. We remain extremely 
bullish on the opportunity in wellness, and we will roll out a spate of innovations 
as we go forward to keep driving the wellness category. 
 
It's at a very early stage, super nascent, right, the wellness category in India. So, I 
think we have had a huge inflection since acquisition, and this is an area in which 
we don't expect linear growth, to be honest. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar to take up questions from the web. Over to you, sir. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
There are quite a bit of questions on growth. The questions are, congrats on the 
double-digit USG growth, especially the volumes in this context. Is this growth 
sustainable? And what's your outlook going forward? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. I mean, we will keep guiding for the way we have guided, which is full year 
'27 will be better than full year '26. What I want to share is why we feel that the 
progress is in the right direction, and it's basically because we believe it's behind 
a few key fundamentals. Let me lay them out for you. 
 
The first is that we have been very sharp on allocating. We spoke about this in the 
last quarter, and I will repeat it, which is sharply allocating our resource within a 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 16 of 25 
 
few key bets, which we internally call power moves. These are really low 
penetration, high growth segments in each of our businesses, where we are 
driving resources towards. These are resources, both financial, in terms of human 
resources. So really allocating our resources behind a few bets. 
 
The second is market development and really doubling-down as leaders in all 
the categories in which we are behind developing and growing the market. And 
really, whether it is our sampling activities, our resources towards growing 
penetration in these categories, the assortment of these low penetrated 
categories, that has been a big focus. 
 
And related to that, the third is really doubling-down behind our execution in 
market. We are growing our distribution and our assortment, both in general 
stores and in organized trade. And this has come on the back of all the work we 
have done on creating a more specialist route to market. 
 
We talked about some of them in the last quarter, like quick commerce and really 
the organization that we have created. But really, doubling-down behind 
execution in the market is the third area or the third vector. 
 
And lastly, it's continuing to drive our portfolio towards the higher velocity areas, 
like the acquisitions we have done of Minimalist, OZiva, which provide us better 
exposure to growth. 
Niranjan Gupta: 
I think if I may just build on that, Priya. So, also when you look at it, if the growth is 
actually narrow, then one can look at as to how do you address the medium and 
the longer term. Our growth, if you see in the quarter, has been very broad-
based. So, on one hand, right, from Laundry to Dishwash, to Coffee, to Horlicks 
and Boost, to Beauty & Wellbeing, Hair Care, Skin Care. So, you look at across the 
Board, it's a very broad-based growth. 
 
Second is the growth is also broad-based across channel. So GT has come back 
to the growth, a step-up of the growth, q-com or MT or e-com. If you look at rural 
and urban, even from that point of view, it's broad-based. And then Priya touched 
on the mass and the premium. So, the broad basing of growth gives us 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 17 of 25 
 
confidence that moving forward, that we are standing on a solid platform of 
taking it forward. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
There's one more question which says there's a report by Bain, which points that 
there's a trend towards many D2C brands arriving in the market. But they saturate 
at INR500 crores top line? Is this an opportunity for a company like HUL, which is 
widely distributed. 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. We look at our portfolio expansion in the following way. The first is, and we 
will always say, extending our current brands into new demand spaces. So, a 
great example of that in recency is what we have done with Horlicks as we have 
entered protein or what we have done with Vaseline as we have entered light 
moisturization. 
 
So firstly, taking our existing -- and I'm just laying it out so that I can put it into 3 
buckets for you. So, the first is extending our existing brands into new spaces. The 
second opportunity for us is to bring in more of our Unilever brands to occupy 
demand spaces. 
 
And of course, the third is looking at acquisitions and bolt-on acquisitions of the 
nature of Minimalist, OZiva, as we have done, and providing them not just the 
leverage of scale, but actually a lot of the R&D capability, the synergy benefits 
that we offer, along with the deep understanding that we have of the categories 
in which we are leader. So, depending on our portfolio, we will always look at 
opportunities to help scale these brands. 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Yes. I mean, absolutely. And just to build on that, obviously, we keep saying that 
the barriers to entry may have got reduced, Priya, what you keep saying, but the 
barrier to scale has only gone up, and that's also visible in some of the brands that 
we acquired like Minimalist that post our acquisition, it's really taken off in a big 
way. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
What are your top risks to deliver your annual revenue outlook? 
Priya Nair: 
I mean I think on this, we have to say that we are guiding towards the plan that 
we have, assuming those risks are built into plan, right? So, we assume that the 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 18 of 25 
 
risks that are there in the plan are built into it as we guide you towards full year 
'27, greater than full year '26. 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Absolutely. I mean these are risk-adjusted guidance that we have put in, factoring 
in both the macroeconomic environment as well as any kind of portfolio risk. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
Do you give some guidance on quick commerce? We are hearing some 
information on slowdown. How do you see this for Unilever? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
So as far as commerce is concerned, quick commerce as a segment is also seeing 
entry of new players. So therefore, it's a segment that's evolving rapidly. As far as 
our growth is concerned, our growth has been very strong double-digit, 40%, 50% 
kind of growth that we are growing in Q-com. 
 
And therefore, moving forward, also we see opportunities as far as Q-com is 
concerned, and what we are focusing on winning in Q-com is through improving 
availability through curated tech solutions, tailored assortments across our 
portfolio, also price pack architecture, which is being built specifically for Q-com. 
 
Along with that sharper execution and partnership with these platform players 
because there's a lot of exchange of knowledge on how to operate happens. 
And finally, as we scale, we are also looking at, that how do you leverage data 
and insights to improve conversion, visibility and repeat usage. So, the channel 
remains fast growing. It is structurally attractive. It provides a deepening of scale 
and improving the quality of growth. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
Dorwin, I will hand it back to you for any questions online. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is an audio question from the line of Percy Panthaki with IIFL 
Capital. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Just wanted to go deeper into the soaps performance. So, there is a 4% sales 
growth, and the volume decline is sort of a low-single digit kind of a volume 
decline, which means that the effective pricing is a single-digit pricing growth on 
a Y-o-Y basis. 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 19 of 25 
 
 
Now given that the GST rate cuts have happened from 18% to a 5%, at a consumer 
price level, the Y-o-Y sort of pricing would still be flat to marginally negative 
only, even though at a net sales level, you are seeing a high single-digit kind of a 
pricing. So, from a consumer affordability point of view, Y-o-Y, I mean, it's flat to 
better. So why is there a volume decline in this segment? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
So you have to look at sequential inflations over a period of 2 years. So, it's not 
just 1 year or let's say, the GST period, which you are right in pointing out that there 
is some part of netting off that happens. But it is over a couple of years that is a 
palm oil-led inflation that's been happening, and that's impacting the category 
overall as such. 
 
What we are doing to counter, as we said, is to increase premiumization here. And 
therefore, the focus on Dove and Pears, which we are growing at strong double- 
digits, equally in the formats, upgrading people to Bodywash, which is actually 
very low penetration. 
 
And again, there, we have a lead market share and actually increasing it also in 
double-digits. So that's the part of it. Other than that, we are also looking at ways 
and means to actually grow on Lux and Lifebuoy, which is the mass portfolio in 
soaps. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Sir, if the inflation is so high that the consumer is not even able to buy the current 
brand that he is buying, then how is he going to able to premiumize? So, I 
understand that at a mathematical level, you are seeing premiumization because 
Dove and Pears are growing faster, but that doesn't mean that the consumer is 
really premiumizing, right, if inflation is the issue. And also, just wanted to 
understand at the mass end, apart from the macro issues in this segment, is there 
any market share loss at the mass end of the Soap segment? 
Priya Nair: 
So firstly, when you look at the soaps market, you have to segment the market 
by pop strata type by consumer segment. There is a different kinds of trends in 
the market depending on where in the market you are referencing, right? 
Different trends in rural, different trends in metros, large towns. 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 20 of 25 
 
 
So, I don't want to brush one brush across the entire market. Our focus is to 
continue to drive sequentially our volumes, continue to premiumize our business 
through Dove and Pears, and which is doing well, continue to do well and drive 
up the premiumization, and drive the Bodywash market and convert the market 
to liquid. So that's really how I will see it. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Got it. Secondly, on Home Care and Beauty, I must congratulate you that you 
have posted really good growth both in value and in volume. In fact, the volume 
growth has probably accelerated at the same time that the pricing has 
accelerated, which is rather sort of fair and a good achievement. 
 
So just wanted to understand, especially in Beauty, what has really started 
working for us? There was a drag from Glow & Lovely because the mass skin care 
as a segment overall and not just your brand was not doing well. So, have we 
seen that segment coming back to growth or the problems there remain and we 
have seen an even faster acceleration in the premium, which has led to the 
overall sort of growing well? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. So overall, across our Beauty business, we are seeing both things. We are 
seeing our mass business do better sequentially. We are also seeing our premium 
business accelerate. And that's the reason for the strong double-digit growth. It 
is both happening together. 
 
And of course, our hair category has performed extremely strongly, double-digit 
growth, and with high-single digit growth in skin care. So, this combination of a 
return on sequential performance on mass and you're referencing Glow & 
Lovely, but acceleration of premium. 
 
And in the end, it boils down to the moves that we are making, right? The first is 
that we have launched  3 of our brands are growing at extremely strong double-
digits. So Simple, Vaseline, Pond's, all growing very strong double-digit. We are 
accelerating our online brands in Minimalist, Simple, very strongly, both online 
and off-line. The Channels of the Future as well are growing double-digit for us. 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 21 of 25 
 
 
So, I think e-commerce, modern trade. These are growing double-digits as well. 
So, we are encouraged with the trajectory we are seeing, we will continue to 
double down when some of the measures that we have put in place like 
deseasonalizing of moisturization, democratization of sunscreens, all the areas 
that we have called out in our Beauty categories that we are going behind 
market developing. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Got it. And lastly on margins, at what level does crude need to maintain if you had 
to, let's say, maintain margins at 23% without taking any further price increases? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
So that question will be very difficult to answer. And even if I have the answer, I 
will not be able to provide that. But what I can give you is a general thing, which 
is that, again, we have got a playbook where when we have passed even half the 
inflation, we are able to maintain the margins, and which is what we have shown 
to be within the guided range. 
 
And therefore, because we have the flex on all the lines of P&L, we do see the 
commodities remaining a bit elevated, and we will take measured steps on the 
pricing. And with that, we should be able to manage the EBITDA Margins. Of 
course, if you were to talk crudes of $140, $160, which is, of course, not feasible, as 
of now. 
 
So, then it's a different discussion altogether. But when you look at the vicinity of 
-- because in the peak part of the June quarter, also crude went up to $100 per 
barrel. So, when we see that kind of economics, which are operating anywhere 
between $75, $80 to $100, within that, all of that ranges, it's feasible for us to 
maintain the EBITDA Margins. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Siddharth Negandhi with CWC. 
Siddharth Negandhi: 
Congrats first on a great set of numbers in Beauty and Home Care. On a couple 
of things -- on quick-commerce, are you seeing this as more of a shopper 
channel shift or are you seeing incremental revenue coming from either higher 
consumptions or upgrades or share gains? That's question one. 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 22 of 25 
 
 
Question two is on the competitive intensity headwinds that are possibly seen in 
the market from value players in liquid detergents, in hand wash and in beauty. 
How are you seeing those impacting your growth aspirations in the whole 
premiumization journey that you are seeing, right? 
 
And the third question is on how do you see the salience of brand marketing 
spends and platform or POS marketing spends shifting, with the whole shift in 
shopper behaviour more towards organized trade, which is modern trade and 
quick commerce. Yes. Those are the 3 questions. 
Priya Nair: 
Sure. Let me start with the first, which is a question you asked on quick commerce. 
Quick commerce actually allows us to segment consumers and that is a very 
powerful thing from our perspective, to actually create the right portfolio, 
channel architecture, which we are building with a lot of packs designed for that 
particular channel. 
 
And therefore, in that sense, a huge opportunity for us to upsize, create new sub-
segments, which hitherto, would have been difficult to segment. I think what 
quick commerce has allowed us to do is segment the route to market. And that's 
a very huge opportunity for us, and that's how we see the opportunity in quick 
commerce for us. 
 
The second is you were talking about liquid detergents and various other liquids. 
I think the way to think about it is that these are very, very low penetration 
segments. So, our focus is to really develop the market. That is really the game 
that we are playing is to grow the market, to create that market. 
 
And within that, we are by far leading the market development initiatives of these 
categories. So, there will always be competition. That's the nature of free markets, 
but we are very well placed because we are growing and developing the 
market. And we will have the right portfolio, price architecture as the market 
develops to fight as we have fought in other formats even in these formats. So 
that's really what I would say on liquid. 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 23 of 25 
 
 
On the last thing, you asked on performance marketing spend, I believe, versus 
brand marketing spend. For us, it's always a very healthy balance of these spends 
of long-term brand building spends versus short-term acquisition spends. 
 
And we maintain and we have a lot of return on marketing investment, long-term 
and short-term modelling on what are the right ratios to use to build brands, not 
just in the short term, but over time. And we use this knowledge and intellectual 
proprietary knowledge that we have of return on investment to decide by brand 
how to prioritize between short-term and long-term investments. 
Siddharth Negandhi: 
Got it. Just a follow-up on the liquids piece, sorry, from what I understand 
specifically on the hand wash piece, post-COVID, there has been some consumer 
stickiness and there is reasonable penetration there. Are you seeing that being 
one of the reasons why Soap's volumes are being impacted? 
 
And there again, in terms of the value play through those powder to liquid hand 
washes, are you seeing that sort of denting the whole premiumization on that 
part of the bars to liquids journey? That would be just a follow-up, yes. 
Priya Nair: 
Yes, I think -- I'm not entirely clear, but I'm assuming you're talking about skin 
cleansing? 
Siddharth Negandhi: 
Yes, that's right. Hand wash versus the bar soap? 
Priya Nair: 
I see. Okay. I'm not clear whether you're talking about laundry or skin cleansing. 
So, in the skin cleansing category, the consumption that you have bathing versus 
hand wash are very, very different, and it will be a small subsection of what is 
used as liquid. 
 
The biggest opportunity is to convert bathing products to liquids. And that's the 
bodywash opportunity that we were referencing a little earlier. For me, that is the 
huge opportunity of the consumption that happens in bathing and moving those 
consumers into liquid. 
 
So that's really our priority and focus. That's the largest part of the market. And 
we are very well equipped to navigate as the leaders of the Bodywash segment. 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 24 of 25 
 
But more importantly, we are driving those activations and initiatives to gain new 
consumers, to do the sampling, to educate consumers of the benefits of liquids 
over soap bars. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I will now hand the conference back over to Mr. Yogesh Mulgaonkar 
to take up questions from the web. Over to you, sir. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
There are 3 questions on the web. One is on Home Care. While the top line has 
been good, the EBIT has fallen, would you take further pricing in the context of 
inflation? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. Can you repeat that again? Sorry, Yogesh? 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
Home Care has delivered a strong performance, EBIT has fallen. Would you take 
further pricing to ensure to cover for the inflation? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. I think we mentioned this, but the situation on crude remains volatile. So, we 
will be calibrated in what we need to do as we have done in this quarter, we 
remain confident given our Home Care portfolio. We will calibrate between 
price, savings, procurement benefits to ensure that we navigate competitively as 
we have done in this quarter. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
The next question is on tea. Can you help us the commentary on tea inflation and 
what are your pricing actions, especially given the tea season is ongoing? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. The early read of the tea season indeed shows an inflationary trend. We will 
look as we go into the season and the buying season completely as to how the 
commodity pans out. And based on that, we will take the right calls on pricing. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
Priya you have completed 1 year in the role. What are your reflections? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. Thanks for asking. Firstly, it's been a very exciting 1 year from an overall 
context. Listen, I remain happy with the progress but not satisfied. And that would 
be my top line answer to how I feel. You can never be satisfied in a company like 
this with what the opportunity is, but happy with the progress we see quarter-
on-quarter. 

                                     June Quarter 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 25 of 25 
 
 
I believe behind this, there are some strong fundamentals, I referenced them, so 
I will quickly touch on them. The first is all the work that's happening on the 
portfolio and gearing the portfolio towards higher growth spaces. The 
investment choices that we have made, sharpening them radically, ensuring that 
those get the lion's share of our investments. 
 
The go-to-market progress that we made on assortment, distribution growth, but 
also the segmented channel architecture that we are putting in place and the 
channel capabilities that we are putting in place. 
 
But mostly the work that's happening on brands and innovation. And that we will 
see going forward, not just in the few quarters that have gone by, but that is a 
multi-year plan. And so, I feel that the direction is right and the fundamentals start 
to fall in place. But like I said, happy with progress, but not satisfied. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
With that, we now come to the end of the Q&A. Before we end, let me remind 
you that the playback of this event will be available on the IR section of our 
website in a short while. And I hand over to Niranjan for some closing remarks. 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Thanks, Yogesh. If I may just summarize the key messages for the quarter from 
our side. One, as you have seen, it's been a double-digit growth with a continued 
step-up over the last few quarters. 
 
Second is our underlying Profit After Tax adjusted for the one-off credit of last 
year grew by 11%. We have navigated well in June quarter with EBITDA Margin 
remaining in the guidance. While the volatility continues, we remain confident of 
the resilience of Indian economy and the stability of FMCG demand, and we 
remain well equipped with our portfolio to navigate this moving forward as well. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
Thank you, everyone, for your participation, and have a great evening.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Hindustan Unilever Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or inconsistencies of 
English language that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking. 
