                                                               
 
Century Enka Ltd. 
Factory & Regd. Oﬀice: Plot No. 72 & 72-A, M.I.D.C., Bhosari, Pune - 411026. 
T: +91 20 66127 304 | F: +91 20 2712 0113 
E: cel.investor@adityabirla.com | W: www.centuryenka.com  
Corporate ID No. (CIN): L24304PN1965PLC139075 
 
              
   31st July, 2026 
 
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G-Block Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051  
 
Symbol: CENTENKA 
Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai - 400001  
 
 
Scrip Code: 500280  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q1-FY27 Earnings Conference Call of Century Enka Limited ('the 
Company') 
 
Ref:  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
& Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ('Listing Regulations') 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, please find attached herewith the transcript of  
Q1-FY27 Earnings Conference Call conducted on Wednesday, July 29, 2026. The same is also 
available on the website of the Company i.e., www.centuryenka.com. 
 
This is for your kind information and records.  
 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Century Enka Limited 
 
 
 
Rahul Dubey 
VP Legal and Company Secretary 
Membership No: FCS 8145      
 
 
Encl: as above 
                      
          
                                                                                     
RAHUL DUBEY
Digitally signed by RAHUL DUBEY 
Date: 2026.07.31 12:53:44 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 21 
Century Enka Limited 
Q1 FY '27 Earnings Conference Call 
July 29, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Century Enka 
Limited Q1 and FY27 Earning Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem 
Advisor. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Purvangi Jain: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to 
you all. My name is Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisor. We represent 
the investor relations of Century Enka Limited. 
On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for 
participating in today's earnings call for the 1st Quarter of the 
Financial Year 2027. 
Before we begin, let me mention a quick cautionary statement. 
Some of the statements made in today's earnings call may be forward 
looking in nature. Such forward looking statements are subject to risk 
and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from 
those anticipated. Such statements are based on management's belief 
as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to 
the management. 

 
Page 2 of 21 
Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these 
forward-looking statements in making any investment decision. The 
purpose of today's earnings call is purely to educate and bring 
awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial 
period under review. 
Now let me introduce you to the Management participating with us in 
today's Earnings Call and hand it over to them for their opening 
remarks. 
We have with us Mr. Suresh Sodani – Managing Director, and Mr. 
Yogesh Shah – Chief Financial Officer. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Suresh Sodani: 
Thank you, Purvangi. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to our 
Earnings Conference Call for the 1st Quarter of Financial Year 2027. I 
would like to thank our host, Valorem Advisors, for hosting this call. 
Now let me first brief you on the operational highlights of the 
quarter under review: 
We are pleased to report an exceptional quarter with the company 
delivering record revenue growth, profitability growth and margin 
performance. The strong performance was driven by healthy volume 
growth across all business verticals, supported by productivity 
improvements and higher operating rates, which contributed to a 
meaningful expansion in operating margins. 
We were also able to effectively pass on increase in raw material cost 
through calibrated pricing actions. In addition, profitability during the 
quarter benefited from one-time inventory gains arising from low-cost 
opening stock, while higher availability of renewable power helped 
partially offset increase in petrol-based energy cost. While we expect 
margins to normalize as higher-cost inventory gets consumed, the 

 
Page 3 of 21 
underlying operational performance and demand environment 
remains encouraging. 
Tyre cord business: 
In our tyre cord business, demand remained robust during the quarter 
following GST cuts on tyres and automobiles, with healthy growth 
across all automotive segments, driving strong demand for tyres from 
OEMs. While demand fundamentals remain healthy, evolving 
geopolitical developments, volatile crude oil prices and persistent 
inflation continue to remain areas to monitor and could impact 
demand growth in the coming quarters. Meanwhile, the PTCF 
approval process is moving in the desired direction, with commercial 
sales expected to commence in H2 FY27. 
Turning to our filament yarn business: 
We continue to witness healthy demand during the quarter, with 
robust sales volumes and improving product mix, led by higher share 
of valuated and better margin products. Our new mother yarn and 
other valuated products continue to support margin expansion and 
strengthen the overall profitability of the segment. At the same time, 
import of commodity filament yarn from China continued at very low 
prices, while the Finance Ministry did not notify the anti-dumping 
duty, despite favorable findings by DGTR. 
Looking ahead, we remain focused on enhancing our valuated 
product portfolio with new WAP investments planned during the year 
to offer more customer-specific products and further improve 
margins. 
I now request our CFO – Mr. Yogesh Shah to brief you on financial 
performance. 

 
Page 4 of 21 
Yogesh Shah: 
Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. 
Let me now brief you on the financial results for the 1st Quarter of 
FY2027: 
For the quarter under review, operating revenue stood at Rs. 554 
crores, registering a strong growth of 38% year-on-year and 15% 
quarter-on-quarter. 
EBITDA for the quarter came in at Rs. 86 crores, delivering an 
exceptional growth of 331% year-on-year and a robust increase of 
55% 
sequentially. 
Consequently, 
EBITDA 
margin 
improved 
significantly to 15.46%, representing an expansion of 1050 basis 
points year-on-year and 400 basis points over the previous quarter. 
Profit after tax for the quarter stood at around Rs. 62 crores, 
reflecting a substantial growth of 301% year-on-year and 57% 
quarter-on-quarter. 
PAT margin strengthened to 11.13%, translating into an expansion of 
729 basis points year-on-year and 298 basis points sequentially. Total 
volume for the quarter grew strongly by 12% year-on-year to 19,199 
metric tonnes. Within this, tyre cord fabric sales increased 
significantly by 69% to Rs. 306 crores, while filament yarn sales 
reported a growth of 20% to Rs. 230 crores. 
With this, we open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. The first question comes from the line of Vipul Kumar 
Anupchand Shah with Sumangal Investments. Please go ahead. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity, sir and congratulations for a very good 
set of numbers. Can you quantify the inventory gain in this quarter? 

 
Page 5 of 21 
Suresh Sodani: 
Quantify means you are asking in terms of volumes? 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
No, no, means how much it added to the bottom line? 
Suresh Sodani: 
I think it is already mentioned in the results which have been 
published. Inventory impact is Rs. 46.24 crores, which is already 
mentioned in our quarterly results submission to the stock exchanges. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
Rs. 46.2 crores, okay. At EBITDA level, right? 
Suresh Sodani: 
No, no, it has to be given in terms of the way it has been reported in 
the financial statements to the stock exchange. So, that is the only 
information we can share. We cannot give anything further on that. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
Okay, so is it safe to assume that due to increased Caprolactam prices, 
performance may be impacted in coming quarters? 
Suresh Sodani: 
We have already mentioned in our highlights that it may get 
normalized with changes in the Raw material prices. One of the 
changes that had happened post the Iran war was a very significant 
and substantial rise in a very short period, particularly in the 
Caprolactam prices and the chips prices, and they have a bit tapered 
down in this quarter and are volatile because of the geopolitical 
situations. So, it will have some impact, but we do not give any 
forward-looking statements on what the impact would be. So, it is 
expected to normalize based on how the pricing situation prevails 
during the forthcoming quarters. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
And you have mentioned that profitability has also increased due to a 
higher share of renewable power. So, what was the share of 
renewable power in our overall power consumption, and what was its 
impact at the EBITDA level or PAT level, sir? 

 
Page 6 of 21 
Suresh Sodani: 
Overall, our renewable power is over 40% for the quarter. We will not 
be able to give any value terms of the impact, and we expect that, 
since we have already announced that our expansion of renewable 
power at Bharuch is expected to commission in H2 or most likely in 
Q3 of FY27, that percentage should also go up and the value addition 
in terms of bottom line should also help. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
So, it will move from 40% to what, sir? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Around 50% expected by once the plant commissions and starts 
generating at normal levels. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
So, that improvement will be structural, no? Sustainable. 
Suresh Sodani: 
Yes. So, once it commissions, I mean, it is definitely weather-
dependent. It is not constant as we know, but on a yearly basis, we 
have seen that it normally operates in a range which is forecasted at 
the time of the project is implemented. So, it should definitely add to 
the overall reduction in power rates. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
Okay, sir. Thanks. I will rejoin the queue here. 
Suresh Sodani: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rohan Shah 
from Eternal Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes, hi. Thank you so much for the opportunity, sir. So, just wanted to 
ask you so you have noted the GST cuts on tyres and autos. So, this 
has driven a robust NTCF demand this quarter. So, how much of this 
38% year-on-year revenue growth is led by the GST cut-led price 
buying versus the genuine underlying demand growth as such? And 
do you see any risk of demand air pocketing in the Q2 or Q3 when this 
GST effect sales? 

 
Page 7 of 21 
Suresh Sodani: 
I don't think we will be able to quantify the increase in volumes of 
auto sales or tyres per se due to the GST cut because that had 
happened in around September last year, and that has been a 
continuing phenomenon. I think the numbers of auto sales across 
various segments, whether it is two-wheelers, three-wheelers, 
tractors, personal vehicles, heavy commercial vehicles, all have been 
going quarter-on-quarter at a good pace. So, how much is to be 
attributed to the GST cuts is a guess of anybody. But it definitely had 
an impact on the demand and the buying of... I mean, more 
importantly, that it made the automobiles affordable to the 
customers. And how much would it continue is again a guesswork 
because it depends on so many situations, financing, general 
economic environment. But it did definitely have an impact because 
we could see a stark improvement from Q3 onwards, both in terms of 
performances of auto companies, of the tyre companies, and all value 
chain partners related to the tyre companies. 
Rohan Shah: 
Sure, sir. That is actually really helpful. And I understand that the 
quantification might be difficult. And one more thing, I think you 
flagged the evolving geopolitical developments, if I am not wrong, and 
the volatile crude prices and inflation as a risk to demand in the 
coming quarters. So, could you elaborate on which specific end 
markets you are most watching for a slowdown just to tell you two-
wheelers or the vehicles, what exports, what are you looking that the 
demand will slow down? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Actually, it's a combination of multiple factors. Most important is the 
price increases in raw material due to the underlying crude variability 
and most likely to increase. So, that could lead to either deferment of 
purchases or other kinds of economic challenges, which could relate 
to either reduction in demand for the new vehicles, new automobiles, 
or also the demand cuts in terms of various value chain partners 

 
Page 8 of 21 
related to the automobiles. And then there is also an import threat 
which, because of multiple countries having different geopolitical 
situations in their domestic markets, which could lead to surge in 
imports to the domestic markets. So, when we, our markets are 
primarily domestic markets, our export exposure is very little. So, 
these comments are more in relation to the impact in the demand in 
the domestic market and impact on supplies to that demand, which 
could also get impacted by very cheap imports in certain segments 
that we operate in. 
Rohan Shah: 
Noted, sir. Perfect. That answers my question. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of 
Madhur Rathi with CounterCyclical Investments. Please go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity. If I look at our gross margin, they 
have been similar for the past three quarters. So, is it fair to assume 
that whenever there is a raw material increase, we capture the upside 
in terms of what, because the gross margin base is similar, but 
whatever the realization improvement, that should float, and that is 
the reason for the margin increase this quarter? 
Suresh Sodani: 
It does impact the gross margin because we always have inventories 
in hand which are in both in terms of in transit as well as inventories 
that we have to purchase, since a lot of our materials are also 
imported. So, that does impact because the consumption against the 
current prices in terms of profit and loss are charged at different 
rates, and it works the other way also. But I think the more important 
part is that it happens only when there is a very sharp increase either 
way, because volatility is a normal phenomenon in this business, 
which is linked to crude price variability and other value chain-related 
volatility. So, any small or more gradual volatility, whether going 
upwards or downwards, does not have a significant impact on 

 
Page 9 of 21 
margins. But a sharp increase or a sharp decrease in a very short 
period of a month or two months, that definitely has an impact on the 
gross margins. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Right. Sir, but the gross margins were 58-59% range for the past three 
quarters. So, I am not able to understand if there was a sharp price 
increase post the war. Was it that due to some time lag, because of 
the time lag between the price increase and we passing on the pricing 
to our consumer, because of that it might look like there is no 
meaningful improvement in our gross margins? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Actually, there is another factor which has been instrumental in the 
last three quarters, is also volume growth. And as I said, the GST cuts 
had a positive impact on the volume growth on the demand side, 
which translated into better volumes in the last three quarters. And if 
you see the volumes compared to Q1 and Q2, from Q3 onwards, the 
volumes had gone up. So, that also has an impact on gross margin. As 
I said, it is a combination of multiple factors. But the volume part also 
plays a very important part in the overall gross margin. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. Sir, so going forward, do we expect to maintain these levels of 
margins going forward? Or do we, because the prices of our raw 
materials have reduced, so how should we look at it going forward? 
Suresh Sodani: 
We do not give any forward-looking statement. But I think we already 
mentioned in our presentation that we do expect the margins to 
normalize over the next few quarters. And not, because these kinds of 
sharp increases are not a regular phenomenon. I mean, this was more 
a market reaction on the entire commodities on the Iran war. So, any 
kind of that kind of event could have impacts on either way. But as 
mentioned, we do expect normalized margins going forward. 

 
Page 10 of 21 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, normalized would be 10-12% EBITDA margins. Is that a fair 
assumption? No. 
Suresh Sodani: 
We have been mentioning that because of the volatility, we are 
operating margins of between 7-10% is more normalized. Anything 
above that is more a factor which could be not necessarily a 
permanent feature as of now. I mean, it does not mean that margins 
would not change in going forward because a lot of initiatives on cost 
reduction and on enhancing our value-added products and improving 
our basic model to improve the margins would be there. But as of 
now, we do maintain our last conversation on margins, which is that it 
would be between 7-10% on a normalized basis. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. And, sir, just a final question for a moment, sir. How is the PTCF 
plant scaling up? If you could give a color on that. 
Suresh Sodani: 
So, as mentioned, that approval process has moved forward and it is 
going on well with a few customers. We do expect commercial sales 
to start in the second half. So, we will make some more progress in 
this quarter. And hopefully, some commercial sales would start from 
Q3 or Q4. But H2, we definitely expect commercial sales to start. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. And, sir, for the volume, considering all these factors, what 
kind of volume improvement can we expect for FY27? 
Suresh Sodani: 
As mentioned, we cannot give a, I mean... 
Madhur Rathi: 
No, sir, I am just asking. I am not asking you the magnitude, but do we 
expect the margin? Because in the last four years, based on our 
investor presentation, volumes have been kind of iffy. They've been 
on a flat-edge trend. So, can we expect it to improve going forward? 
That's what I am asking. 

 
Page 11 of 21 
Suresh Sodani: 
Our focus has been more on improving the margins on the products 
that we are selling. So, we are not adding any significant volumes in 
the current financial year in terms of capacity addition. So, volume 
will be a function of definitely market conditions and the overall 
competition intensity, including imports. But as mentioned, the focus 
is on the volume. The focus is more on the value addition and 
improving margins on the volumes that we sell in the market. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. Sir, that was from me. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of 
Amruta Sane, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Amruta Sane: 
Yes. Thank you for this opportunity and congratulations on the 
performance of this quarter. So, I would just like to, if you would help 
me understand the overall capacity of the company. So, we have a 
capacity of 92,000 MTPA, right? So, if you could give us some color on 
what is the kind of breakup for reinforcement fabric and filament yarn 
and with the new capacity coming up, so like what are the utilization 
levels like at present? 
Suresh Sodani: 
So, since we report our results in single segment, we will not be able 
to give the breakups of various products as part of the capacity. And 
as also the volume has been mentioned in our presentation, so 
expected are operating capacity utilization normally varies between 
85 to 90%. And it is across, there is some variations across various 
products, which depends on the market conditions. 
And as I said, since the PTCF part is under approval, we continue to 
sell some yarns, but that has an impact on our capacity. But overall, 
that's the range that we normally operate on. So, that would be a 
good ballpark number to communicate that this is the range. 

 
Page 12 of 21 
And depending on, again, as I said, various factors, it could change 
between the product segments. But in the overall basis, we expect 
that this should be the range that we will be able to operate in. 
Amruta Sane: 
Okay, thank you. One more question is about the healthy cash 
balance, which is there on the balance sheet. So, my question is 
regarding, if you could talk about the CAPEX plans for the company, is 
anything big CAPEX coming up for the company? Or as you said, the 
utilizations and levels are around 85, 90% around that level. So, what 
are the future plans for the next three years? What is the kind of 
CAPEX additions or the companies looking at? 
Suresh Sodani: 
So, we will be adding some capacities which would add to the overall 
capacity in our mother yarn. But that would get commissioned in 
FY28. That would be, and then there are some value-added products 
that would be added to our NFY, which will go in CAPEX, but will not 
add to the capacity, but add to the margins. 
As already stated, as a consistent process that we have been doing is 
that we are enriching our offerings in the filament yarn segment, 
basically to counter the commodity imports that are coming at very 
cheap prices from China, and also make differentiated products for 
the customers. So, these would be the major ones. Others are related 
to our investments and CAPEX; one is reducing the power rate by our 
investments in group captive schemes for renewable power. 
Then a lot of it will also be going on in reducing the power 
consumption, because particularly where the equipments have 
become old and inefficient. So, we have been continuously improving 
our productivity through investments, which enhance our overall 
efficiencies. And also some amounts would be spent on improving our 
safety post our detailed assessments at the Baruch incident in Feb 25. 

 
Page 13 of 21 
So, we have significantly enhanced to ensure that we do not have any 
major incidents or other incidents at all on the safety side, particularly 
on the fire risks. 
Amruta Sane: 
Right. So, any ballpark number that you are looking at for the kind of 
CAPEX that we are planning? 
Suresh Sodani: 
We expect to spend over 100 crores in CAPEX in the current year, 
current financial year. 
Amruta Sane: 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Amit 
Kumar with Determined Investment. Please go ahead. 
Amit Kumar: 
Yes, thank you so much for the opportunity, sir. Can you hear me? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Yes. 
Amit Kumar: 
Yes, okay. So, you know, my first question was, you know, with 
respect to the availability of, you know, raw materials, so pricing aside 
and pricing volatility aside, you know, do you sort of, you know, 
foresee a challenge on that side, you know, at this point in time? 
Suresh Sodani: 
No, availability of raw materials, we do not see it as a challenge as of 
now. One is because we are already sourcing some from our domestic 
sources and multiple countries, including China. While China still has a 
very large share, but to reduce the risk of having only dependence on 
China, we are already having other countries that we are sourcing 
from. 
But one, I mean, China is not known to, these are very commodity 
markets, so are not known to create some kind of restrictions on their 
sale. So, that's the reason we do not foresee that kind of risk. But, I 
mean, something happens in geopolitical related situations that could 

 
Page 14 of 21 
have an impact, but at least in whatever we can see in the medium 
term, we do not see any challenges. Material availability from China 
and other countries, as well as from the domestic sources. 
Amit Kumar: 
Okay. And, you know, at this point of time, you know, roughly, you 
know, how much, you know days, specifically raw material inventory 
would you be holding, you know, presently? 
Suresh Sodani: 
So, about between 25 to 30 days is our inventory, which also includes 
some inventory in transit. Because we have, we continually buy and 
these keep on arriving and then also gets consumed. But that is the 
range that we normally keep for particularly for the imported 
material. For the domestic sources, it is normally between around 10 
to 15 days, most likely around 15 days. 
Amit Kumar: 
Understood, sir. Now, you know, just, you know, a small follow up on 
margin already, you know, a fair bit of discussion on that. But see, so I 
remember that, you know, you have sort of given this 7 to 10 percent, 
you know, sustainable margin, you know, guidance in the past also. 
But, you know, the reason we are a little bit surprised that, you know, 
this number or rather this range is not moving up is one because of 
the fact that, as you mentioned, you know, volumes definitely in the 
post-GST, you know, environment have moved up. And at least, I 
mean, auto is also a little bit cyclical business. We can't say for next 
year, but at least as far as this year is concerned, you know, pretty 
much the entire industry, you know, seems to be pretty, you know, 
well set on a double digit, you know, growth trajectory this year as 
well. And your mix is improving, you know, given the CAPEXes that 
you are, you know, also doing on value-added products. And then 
finally, I think you mentioned, you know, renewable power, captive 
renewable power, you know, share will move up from 40 % to, you 
know, 50 % in the second half. So, at least can we sort of, you know, 
take an assumption that, you know, with all of these, you know, 

 
Page 15 of 21 
drivers, you know, principally positive, you know, for margins, 
sustainable margins, excluding, you know, these kinds of inventory, 
you know, gains and losses that may well be in the second half, should 
be, would be closer to 10 percent, you know, than 7 percent? 
Suresh Sodani: 
As I said, we cannot give any forward-looking statements. I think... 
Amit Kumar: 
No. So, I am not looking for forward-looking guidance. I am basically 
saying that, you know, with all these, you know, sort of efforts that 
you have, you know, made and the latter two, you know, principally, 
so mix is, you know, obviously, you know, improved mix, improved 
value-added products are, you know, obviously positive for margins 
and then obviously, you know, higher, you know, renewable power. I 
mean, those investments, renewable power investments, you are 
principally making to reduce your cost of, you know, electricity, right? 
At the end of the day, you know, that's the payoff, you know, there. 
So, how should we sort of look at, you know, the longer-term 
trajectory on margins? 
I mean, when, at what point, you know, given all these investments 
on value-added and, you know, then on renewable power that we are 
making, can we basically comfortably go to say that, okay, you know, 
now, you know, the margin trajectory has, you know, moved towards 
a step higher. I mean, either 10% or maybe even, you know, double-
digit on a sustainable basis is what I am asking. Not looking for a 
guidance per se, but you know... 
Suresh Sodani: 
Have you completed? 
Amit Kumar: 
Yes. 
Suresh Sodani: 
So, actually, if you look at compared to past, we normally used to say, 
or rather give that our margin ranges will be between 6% to 8%. We 
already upgraded it between 7% to 10% based on what you were 

 
Page 16 of 21 
saying earlier. In future, if you were, I mean, I cannot give it now, but 
once we are very sure that the range has improved, we will definitely 
revise and give that, but that would be only when we are very 
comfortable that this has started working and we can give a range 
which is kind of most likely not be breached, at least in normal 
circumstances, and definitely not on the lower side. So, we would, I 
think, change that once we get that in the later quarter, but I would 
leave it to you to make a good guess on whatever available 
information on what is the likely margins in the H2 of the financial 
year. 
Amit Kumar: 
No, we very much appreciate the efforts. I mean, it's a difficult 
business. We very much appreciate the efforts that you have made to 
basically improve the broader dynamics of the business and of the 
company. And I very much appreciate your point of view as well. 
Thank you so much. 
Suresh Sodani: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Diya Jain with 
Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Diya Jain: 
So, thank you for the opportunity. So, can you please share the 
volume numbers for this quarter and also the breakup between the 
products? And do you expect the realizations to be stable and going 
forward in this year at least? 
Suresh Sodani: 
So, one sales volume was already mentioned in our presentation. I 
will repeat it for you. It's 19,199. This compares to Q1 of 
corresponding quarter. I mean, year on year at from 17,072 to versus 
19,199 for the current this Q1 FY27. And in Q4, it was 20,711. We 
cannot give any forward-looking numbers on the realization both as 
policy, but also because of highly volatile pricing situations which 

 
Page 17 of 21 
prevail. And these are actually changing on month-on-month basis. 
So, very difficult to even give a number which is closer to what may 
actually come out. 
Diya Jain: 
Okay, no problem. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Samyank Jain, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Samyank Jain: 
Hello. Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. I have a question regarding 
the raw materials. Did the management face any raw material 
shortage in the current environment and how the management is 
planning to tackle such issues in the future? And what is the adequate 
domestic suppliers we have currently? 
Yogesh Shah: 
So, basically, in our business, there is a main problem with 
Caprolactam and nano chips and our long term relationship with our 
suppliers and our equal share like we also take from the domestic 
supplier and we also import. So, we are keeping balancing and that 
helping us in the critical situation, uncertain situation. 
Samyank Jain: 
Okay. And my last second question was regarding the capex, which 
we have done now. So, what is the payback in IR which we are 
expecting for the capex? 
Yogesh Shah: 
Normally, we are looking forward for 12% to 15% minimum IR when 
we initiate the project. And that is the IR we normally expect from 
projects. 
Samyank Jain: 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. 
Yogesh Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Madhur Rathi with 
CounterCyclical Investments. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 18 of 21 
Madhur Rathi: 
So, thank you for the opportunity. Once again, sir, with the 
debottlenecking that we are planning. So, how much can our capacity 
increase from the current ninety two thousand metric tons per 
annum? 
Suresh Sodani: 
In the current financial year, it is not likely to increase. As I said, the 
new project is going to commission only in FY28. So, there it can, it 
may increase by between three to four thousand tons per annum. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay, got it. And so when we say value added products or so, what 
kind of realization, improvement or realization multiple on the normal 
yarn do we get on normal yarn or NTCF do we get on the premium 
value-added product and what kind of gross margin or how much is 
the gross margin or EBITDA margin higher for those products? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Uh, I will not be able to give any exact numbers on the value addition. 
I can only say, as mentioned earlier, that all our new investments are 
accretive on bottom line and they have to have a minimum hurdle 
rate that they get it gets approved by the board. And these are much 
higher than the hurdle rates which were already mentioned. 
So, all these actually support us in getting better margins. But more 
importantly, these allow us to maintain a healthy volume because 
most of our value-added products are more customer specific and we 
reduce the import intensity or the competition by making products 
which are specific to the customer requirements. The products which 
come from China are more in bulk and are commodity products. 
So, if there any value addition is to be done to that, that has to be 
done by any competitor in the domestic market. And we maintain a 
better edge in terms of quality, service, new product development 
with respect to other domestic competition. So, the purpose of value 
addition is both. 

 
Page 19 of 21 
One is to get better realization margins, but also secondly, more 
assured sales volume by targeting products to specific customers 
which get aligned with us and we get regular businesses from them 
over every quarter. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. And sir, currently, what percent of our volume goes to these 
value added or customized solution, if you could help us understand 
and what they were maybe one year back? 
Suresh Sodani: 
We will not be able to give any breakup because since it's a single 
segment reporting, but I can assure you that it is increasing year on 
year and it will continue to increase with our support from the board 
and our focus on improving. So, it will continue to improve and this 
will start reflecting. As I mentioned, it's already reflecting in margin 
guidance that we are given and it will start reflecting in future as well. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. So, just a final question if you don’t mind, sir, the renewables 
and how much are we adding in terms of megawatt at the Bharuch 
plant currently? 
Suresh Sodani: 
So, in another 10, 10.5 megawatt will be added in addition to the 
current capacity on a renewal basis. I mean, not that 10.5 would be 
the generation, but on the capacity basis. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. And sir, what is the capex towards that? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Sorry? 
Madhur Rathi: 
What was the capex towards the capex incurred towards that 10.5 
megawatt? 
Suresh Sodani: 
No, that, see, that's a group captive scheme. So, we just contribute to 
26 % of the equity. So, we will be, we have spent about 8.5 crores on 

 
Page 20 of 21 
as a part of our equity investment in the, that JV for, which is 
dedicated to Century Enka. Got it. 
Madhur Rathi: 
So, so our power cost was close to 190 crores in, in FY 26. So, that 
should decline by closer to 10 % in FY 27, H2 of FY 27, whenever this 
plant this commercializes. 
Suresh Sodani: 
That's a gross number dependent on multiple things, volume, 
productivity, consumption per units, product makes, so we can't give 
that number. Anyway, it's a, I mean, forward looking, but it can't be 
given as, because that's an overall number depending on number of 
volumes. But yes, this rate impact will definitely have a positive 
impact on the power cost per ton of the products going forward. Got 
it. 
Madhur Rathi: 
So, that was for my, thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Samayak Jain, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. Samayank, you may please 
proceed with the question. 
Samyank Jain: 
I just have one follow up question. As a group company of Aditya Birla 
Group, do we have any intercompany transition with Birla Cellulose? 
Suresh Sodani: 
No, we do not have, because anyway, we report any related party 
transaction, but we do not have any transactions with them. But 
being in the same value chain, which is, I mean, in terms of not value 
chain, in the same industry, which is textile, we do work on products 
which can be beneficial to both the segments or both verticals rather, 
because they are into cellulose, we are into nylon and polyester. So, 
whenever we can work together, we do work and try to grow the 
market or try to develop products which are beneficial to both 
businesses. 

 
Page 21 of 21 
Samyank Jain: 
Okay, sir. That's from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, anyone who wishes to ask a 
question, you may press star and one. As there are no further 
questions from the participants, I would like to hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing remarks. Thank you and over 
to you, team. 
Yogesh Shah: 
Thank you everyone for joining our early call. I hope we were able to 
give the answers to your queries and I hope those were to your 
satisfaction. If you have any further questions or would like to know 
more about the company, please reach out to our investor relations 
manager at Valorem Advisors. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Century 
Enka Limited, that concludes today's conference call. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
