talb @’ 
Talbros Automotive 
Components Ltd. 
www.talbros.com 
14" August, 2026 
Listing Department 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, G Block 
Dalal Street 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai — 400 001 
Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 505160 
Symbol: TALBROAUTO 
Sub: Submission of Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call Transcript. 
The same will also be available on the website of the Company at https://www.talbros.com/ . 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Sincerely 
. 
For Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
Seema Narang 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
regd. Office : 14/1, mathura road, faridabad-121003 haryana, india . ph: + 91 129 2275434/35/36/37 . fax : +91 129 2277240, 2272263 . e-mail: talbros@talbros.com 
CIN : L29199HR1956PLC033107
SEEMA 
NARANG
Digitally signed by 
SEEMA NARANG 
Date: 2026.08.14 
14:37:05 +05'30'

talbr@s 
“Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 11, 2026 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on August 11, 2026 will prevail. 
calor@s 
. 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANUJ TALWAR — MANAGING DIRECTOR — 
TALBROS AUTOMOTIVE COMPONENTS LIMITED 
MR. NAVIN JUNEJA — DIRECTOR AND GROUP CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER- TALBROS AUTOMOTIVE 
COMPONENTS LIMITED 
SGA-INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS 
Page 1 of 11

Moderator: 
Anyj Talwar: 
Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
August 11, 2026 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anyj Talwar, Managing Director. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. A very warm welcome to Talbros Automotive 
Components Quarter 1 earnings for '27. On the call today, I'm joined by Mr. Navin Juneja, our 
Director and Group CFO, along with our IR firm, SGA. The results and the investor presentation 
have been uploaded on the stock exchange and the company website. Before I take you through 
our performance, I'd like to spend a moment on the broader industry landscape. 
The Indian automotive industry delivered a healthy performance during the first quarter of '27, 
supported by continued demand across key vehicle categories, improving consumer sentiment, 
sustained infrastructure spending and improved supply chain stability. Structural trends such as 
premiumization, increasing localization, vehicle electrification and global chain diversification 
continue to create significant opportunities for the domestic auto com industry. 
The passenger vehicle industry recorded sales of approximately 1.27 million units, registering a 
growth of 26% year-on-year. The growth was primarily driven by sustained demand for SUVs, 
premium vehicles as well as new model launches. The 2-wheeler segment also continues 
recovery with a growth of almost 20% year-on-year at 5.63 million units. 
The growth was supported by improving rural demand, stable financing availability and 
obviously, the GST cut as well. This segment and the one above remain important for Talbros 
as we are supplying to both passenger vehicles and 2-wheeler segment. You'l also see in the 
coming slides thatin the pure PV joint venture that we have, we have grown higher than industry. 
Commercial vehicles recorded steady performance during quarter with industry volume of 
nearly 2.83 lakh units, registering a healthy 15% growth. The growth was supported by robust 
infrastructure spending, improved freight movement as well as mining activities. The long-term 
outlook for the segment remains positive, driven by sustained government capex and resilient 
growth targets. 
Electric mobility continued to witness healthy adoption across vehicle segments. EV passenger 
vehicles volume grew by 87% year-on-year, while electric 2-wheeler continued to gain market 
share. with a growth of approximately 68%, supported by increasing charging infrastructure. 
Rising fuel prices and this entire disruption that's happened in the West war gave birth to electric 
vehicles getting more and more popular. 
Page 2 of 11

Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
August 11, 2026 
As you know, Talbros Automotive is anyway supplying a lot of components to electric vehicles. 
We maintained strong partnerships with our diversified customer base with OEMs such as 
Maruti, Tata, Jaguar, Land Rover, Bajaj, etcetera. 
Beyond domestic demand, global supply chain continue to undergo structured realignment. 
Several international OEMs are actively diversifying their supply chain away from China and 
expand sourcing from India. 
‘We expect to capture meaningful growth opportunities, increasing our wallet share with existing 
customers while also establishing relations with new OEMs to expand our customer base. 
Coming to our performance, 'm pleased to share that Talbros has delivered yet another record 
quarter, achieving its highest ever quarterly revenue and surpassing the previous high recorded 
in quarter 4 of '26. 
During Q1, our total income stood at INR242 crores, registering a growth of 15% year-on-year. 
EBITDA at INR43 crores at a margin of 17.6%. Margins during the quarter witnessed temporary 
pressure on account of elevated commodity prices, particularly steel and aluminium as well as 
other inflation costs such as labour increases in some states. But we are very positive that we 
will get these increases from the OEMs in the coming quarters. 
Our diversified business model, balanced exposure across domestic export markets and presence 
across multiple vehicle segments continue to provide resilience during varying industry cycles. 
Our gasket and heat shield division continue to remain the largest contributor to our business, 
giving a 52% share in the revenue. 
The division reported revenue of INR164 crores of the INR242 crores I mentioned to you, 
growing by 21% year-on-year. And EBITDA increased to INR29 crores with a growth of 32%. 
Growth has come basically from increased heat shield exposure with carmakers like Hyundai 
and Kia as well as a lot of data centre business, which I'll talk about later in my speech. 
‘We continue to maintain our leadership position with nearly 50% market share in the domestic 
gasket market and a single source of many, many OEMs. As mentioned to you, our heat shield 
business is showing good momentum, strong momentum because it's again a lightweighted 
product. It's for noise, vibration and harshness, NVH. It's something for the future, and we are 
probably the largest player for this product category in India. 
Our Forging division continued its recovery this quarter with revenues being at about INR78.4 
crores. Again, as you know, that forging is pretty much a total export-oriented unit. And what 
do you call it it's exporting to U.S. to UK. and Europe, not U.S.A., UK. and Europe. And the 
European car markets are still slow right now given the fact there's a lot of inflation pressure out 
there. 
And even the Chinese car segment has really, really dented their balance sheet. However, we 
see this as an opportunity for the Forging division where we have got massive orders from our 
JV partners, Marelli, which we will again talk about in the Q&A section. As mentioned to you, 
exports remain our strongest growth pillars with a contribution of almost 25%. 
Page 3 of 11

Navin Juneja: 
Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
August 11, 2026 
We are targeting to take our exports to 35% by FY28. Our export portfolio includes JCB, Dana, 
Carraro, Jaguar Land Rover as well as BMW and Cummins America. Operational pressures 
from West Asia crisis, manpower shortages, higher wage costs, elevated LPG prices have largely 
moderated through a few channels remain. Our strategy of building a diversified customer base 
across Europe, U.K. and international markets is now yielding meaningful results as well 
Coming to a new growth vertical for Talbros is data centres. Data centres represents a new and 
expanding revenue stream for Talbros. Our gasket components are going to power engines that 
data centres depend on. 
As you know, every data centre in the world needs 100% backup, and that can only happen 
through generators. So, we are supplying through our customers like Cummins and Kirloskar 
0il Company, not only are they making engines for cars and vans and trucks, but also for 
generators. This is a new segment altogether. 
Cloud computing and AT workloads are increasing the dependence on generators for the power 
centres, as you know. We estimate the current revenue potential from this segment, so a little bit 
nominal can be about INR30 crores to INR40 crores annually. So that is a nice new segment to 
enter into. 
Coming to updates on important orders. As mentioned earlier, the Kia business has now resumed 
full pace. We've also secured new orders from Kia and Cummins. We're adding further depth to 
our order book and OEM relationships. As I mentioned to you, Stellantis, we started supplying 
from our chassis division. 
It took almost 2 years of design changes and start of production, but we are happy to say we 
started producing from it in quarter 1 of this year. This is massive. With this Stellantis, we will 
get more and more business into our forging business line and also heat shields. 
Our planned capex is about INR103 crores for the year across gaskets, forgings, heat shields and 
to try and meet the demands of the OEM. For FY27, we continue to continue to have a target 
group revenue target of about 18% to 20%, with margins being in the range of about 17-odd 
percent, a little bit maybe 17.5% because we're still working out the whole impact of the 
inflationary pressures. 
With that, T hand it over to Navin Juneja to take this forward. Thank you. 
Thank you, Anuj. Good afternoon, everyone, and a warm welcome to all the participants. As 
mentioned by Anuj, we are pleased to report a solid performance in Q1 of FY27. Twill now take 
you through the financial highlights. For Q1 of FY27, the total revenue stood at INR242 crores 
as against INR211 crores in Q1 of FY26. 
For Q1 of FY27, our EBITDA stood at INR43 crores with a margin of 17.6% PAT for the quarter 
stood at INR30 crores, growing 35% year-on-year basis. Now coming to our division wise 
performance; in the Gasket division in Q1 FY27 sales for the division stood at INR164 crores 
as against INR135 crores in Q1 of FY26 with a Y-o-Y increase of 21%. 
Page 4 of 11

Moderator: 
Dipen Shah: 
Anyj Talwar: 
Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
August 11, 2026 
EBITDA for Q1 FY27 stood at INR29 crores which is up by 32% on Y-o-Y basis. 
Now coming to our second division of forging. Revenue in Q1 FY27 stood at INR78 crores as 
against INR75 crores in Q1 of FY26, showing growth of 4%. EBITDA stood at INR14 crores in 
QI of FY27 as against INR13 crores of Q1 of FY26. 
Let me begin with the discussion on our joint ventures starting with Marelli Chassis Systems 
rarely for the quarter stood at INR105 crore, registering a growth of 43% on Y-o0-Y basis. 
EBITDA stood at INR17 cores. 
The Business continues its strong momentum driven by high volumes for passenger OEM 
vehicles and within value added products. 
Now coming to our JV Talbros Marugo. Revenue for the quarter stood at INR40 crores 
registering a growth of 31% on Y-0-Y basis. EBITDA stood at INR6 crores, a growth of 57% 
on Y-0-Y basis. This division continued to deliver healthy operation performance supported by 
strong customer demand and improved efficiencies. 
Our last joint venture, Lohum Talbros also continues to progress as planned. This business 
represents our strategic entry into sustainable materials to recover Carbon Black and 
Devulcanized Rubber further strengthening Talbros presence in the circular economy 
ecosystem. 
Going ahead we believe this business offers significant revenue potential and expected to emerge 
as important growth drivers over the medium to long term. Our strong order book, diversified 
customer base, leadership position across multiple products categories and continued investment 
in technology and capacity provide us confidence in delivering sustainable growth momentum 
in the coming quarters. This is all from my side. 
Thank you, and we'd like to open the floor to question and answers. 
The first question is from the line of Dipen Shah from Six senses. 
A couple of questions. Firstly, on the new OEMs Anuj mentioned that about 7 OEMs are looking 
for diversifying their supply chains from China to India. Could you just throw some more colour 
on how far they have come in and whether at what stage are we, if at all any in transacting with 
them? So that's the first question. Maybe some update on the new projects which we have started 
with Stellantis, Kia, etcetera, some more colour that would be helpful. Yes, so maybe that's the 
first question. I will come back for the second. 
So, I'l take the first question, Dipen, I think the reason is that the European car market are pretty 
dented with their balance sheets, as I keep mentioning, So, BMW giving us more business, 
existing customer. Volvo as a potential new customer with the gasket business, Marelli has just 
opened up its doors with Stellantis. 
So new customer from the chassis business line as well as the forging business line. We are 
working with Jaguar Land Rover on new components for the first time, which are plastic 
Page 5 of 11

Dipen Shah: 
Anyj Talwar: 
Moderator: 
Richita: 
Anyj Talwar: 
Richita: 
Navin Juneja: 
Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
August 11, 2026 
components for electric vehicles. That's an old customer with a new product line that we are 
working with JLR. 
Cummins America, as I keep mentioned to you, is a very slow starter. It's like a tortoise, but I'm 
very, very hopeful bY27, '28, you see at least INR30 crores, INR40 crores of business coming 
from America Cummins with wire harness gaskets, with aftermarket gasket with data centre 
gaskets. 
So that's a slow starter, but a short starter that is there. Other things are going on. Kia, we are 
doing good work with. Hyundai, we're doing good work with. Maruti, we're doing good work 
with. In fact, I'm going to try and meet Tata Motors Chief in the next 90 days to talk about a 
potential plant in Gujarat for chassis as well. So yes, things are looking good, yes, looking very 
positive. 
Okay. Great. And the second thing is on the Marelli thing like we are in talks with the company 
for the past couple of quarters about the stake rate. Any further progress on that? 
So, we will have a better picture for you around end of September. You know our strategy. So, 
1 think they are in the middle of court proceedings. So, by 30" September, we'll have a better 
picture. We can talk offline on this. 
The next question is from the line of Richita from CGW Investment. 
So sir, my question was on the data centre part of it. So currently, sir, how much percentage of 
our gasket revenue is coming from data centre? And how are the inquiries going on... 
It's only about 5% of the gasket business today. It's very new because even for us, we started 
seeing that our products that go into Cummins supplies, we do about INR100 crores of Cummins 
every year, right, approximately. 
The gasket division this year will be north of INR600 crores, INR30 crores, INR40 crores come 
from this particular segment and also Kirloskar Oil Company. So that's something about 5%, 
6%, that's about it. But it's increasing. We are pretty much single source to Cummins for this 
particular engine component. So as and when it increases, keep going up. 
Today, INR30 crores, INR40 crores, but yes, in 3 years it is INR100 crores or in 2 years it is 
INR100 crores. But we're not like running and getting this business. It is whatever engines that 
they're giving to us for this particular segment, we are getting that because I'm single source to 
Cummins. 
And gasket would be like 1% of the whole the generator, of course? 
‘We don't know the real application. We ask them where it's going. We supply to them as engine 
parts. The same gasket go to engine. Engine can go to a commercial vehicle, mine also in 
generator also, same engine goes there. But if you see the progress of quarter, in this quarter 
Cummins alone, we sold INR25 crores. 
Page 6 of 11

Richita: 
Anyj Talwar: 
Navin Juneja: 
Richita: 
Anyj Talwar: 
Navin Juneja: 
Richita: 
Anyj Talwar: 
Richita: 
Anyj Talwar: 
Richita: 
Anyj Talwar: 
Navin Juneja: 
Richita: 
Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
August 11, 2026 
Last year, we did about INR90 crores with Cummins. Before that we did only INR81 crores. It 
shows that more demand is coming, that demand is going basically the engine for data centre. 
Okay. And in the gasket division, sir, this year, we can expect around INR165 crores, INR170 
crores of run rate. But going forward, how much revenue can this division for us? Also, currently 
also similar with the forging division, what is the peak potential of both these divisions, if I can 
get a number around that? 
So Navin, you can answer, please. 
I can answer that. This division, gasket division, of course, the first quarter, we had 21% growth. 
T think the same type of growth will also happen in second quarter. We expect the same because 
the market is very buoyant and we see the same type of growth by the year-end, we expect to 
grow about 17% this year, overall. 
Coming to forging, please don't worry about the first quarter. First quarter is only 4%. Second 
quarter, we should expect double-digit growth in this business. And by the year-end, this 
business will definitely grow between 15% to 20%. Definitely because the order will be coming 
to go in third quarter 
And are we expecting the business in the flag the Marelli business in the current consolidated, 
since they are kind of getting bankrupt, so what is... 
Once the deal happens, we can't talk about today but that is the plan. 
We can't talk about today, it will happen, we will talk. 
Got it. But the margin.... 
Regarding your 2 divisions, sorry to interrupt 
you your 2 divisions, gaskets and forging the next 
3 years to 4 years, I easily see gasket going to about INR850 crores to INR900 crores and forging 
at about INR650 crores to INR700 crores. 
Of course. And that would be gaskets, the major component would be what it would still be TV 
series or we see a data centre to take about 15%-20% by then? 
It will be done in between that, with ease. 
Okay. 
There is commercial vehicles are there; heat shields are there. There are a lot of export orders 
that are coming our way. 
And we have plastic components, we are getting order of about INR25 crores for plastic 
components, more orders are coming that will start maturing from next financial year. 
Got it, sir. And also, on the Marelli side this quarter, the margins have kind of gone down. Is it 
mostly because of the raw material cost itself or... 
Page 7 of 11

& 
Navin Juneja: 
Moderator: 
Shikha Mehta: 
Anyj Talwar: 
Shikha Mehta: 
Navin Juneja: 
Management: 
Navin Juneja: 
Shikha Mehta: 
Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
August 11, 2026 
So, it's a mix of other income is a little less in this case in this quarter, but don't worry, it will 
come back. Don't worry. But some expenditure have been launch, we appoint lot of manpower 
for that purpose, shared rental has started, etcetera, etcetera that is it, by the year end everything 
will be sorted out, don't worry. Margin will come back. 
The next question is from the line of Shikha Mehta from Time & Advisors. 
Tjust had a few questions. T know we've already discussed the forging division, but just wanted 
to understand a bit more in detail that Q1 was at 4% mainly because of Europe? Or was there 
some other issue as well? Or did some orders get delayed to Q2? 
Pardon, can you repeat again, a little bit louder, please. 
Yes. So, on the forging side, I know we've already discussed this in detail, but just wanted to 
understand if in Q1, any orders got delayed or this is purely because the industry is a bit slow in 
Europe also has been a bit slow? 
Not delayed really because we have the warehouses available material. Of course, as you are 
aware, the manpower issue was there in this quarter, availability of manpower. The LPG price 
going up and these come from outside of Haryana, etcetera, they went away, number one. And 
because of the gas prices going up, you know that what was happening, everybody was afraid, 
the COVID-like situation will come 
In forging we had a bit of 
a slowdown because of 2 things. One is that some orders took a little 
bit time to come into execution mode. Number two, schedules from customers like BMW and 
GKN came down because of the European car market. But as I said yesterday to my CEO, to 
my Board yesterday, July is better than June. 
August is better than July. September is better than August. Something a positive trend will 
happen in this division. Some serious order book is coming our way, almost about INR500 crores 
for 5 years, INR100 crores per annum. Navin, I just joke up from where you left 
There is a little you can say productivity came down. Every year it happens. There is a drop in 
production in this quarter. But now everything sorted out and plus the order is very, very 
encouraging. We should have a decent number in this quarter as compared to last quarter and 
compared to last year also, which could be anyway around 10% growth you see in this quarter 
as compared to last year. By year-end, everything should fall in line, which should be in the 
range of INR340 crores to INR350 crores. 
And Marelli orders which is in the third quarter and new order from Dana and Carraro also 
maturing in that period, fourth quarter will be the super quarter and third quarter will be better 
quarter-quarter as compared to the second quarter it will be also good, don't worry, we are back. 
That's it 
And sir, secondly on the data centre component that we mentioned earlier, is the margin the 
same as the rest of the gasket division? Or is this a slightly better margin product for us? 
Page 8 of 11

& 
Navin Juneja: 
Shikha Mehta: 
Navin Juneja: 
Shikha Mehta: 
Anyj Talwar: 
Shikha Mehta: 
Navin Juneja: 
Shikha Mehta: 
Navin Juneja: 
Anyj Talwar: 
Shikha Mehta: 
Navin Juneja: 
Moderator: 
Subhash: 
Navin Juneja: 
Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
August 11, 2026 
We are supplying Cummins, the same gasket. The gasket application has gone up. First 
application was in normal generator, home generator shop, etcetera. Now with the new 
opportunity of data centre coming up, the demand generator has gone up very, very high. 
Understood, sir. And the pricing on that product would be the same as the regular gasket? 
Yes, we are supplying the same gasket but the application has improved 
But the application has improved. 
Yes. 
Understood. And sir, on our ICE versus EV division, are we seeing any -- because a few OEMs 
have kind of reduced their guidance on the EV front. So, are we also seeing that our EV orders 
are kind of not growing at the pace we were expecting, but ICE is seeing stronger growth? 
Yes. Now we are seeing a stronger growth. JLR already started picking the material. They're 
launching the vehicle in the month of September. By the way, I'm telling you because Tata 
Motors, we already supplying EV vehicles and Maruti also started EV production. Just for your 
information in this quarter alone, EV supply to my total EV sales is all divisions around INR12.5 
crores. Tt was around INR9 crores last year sales and INR10 crores in Qd, it has gone up by 
INR2 crores. 
Right. 
And has grown 5% as compared Q1 of FY26. We are quite hopeful that we grow further up. It's 
now 3.27%, last year it was 2.9%, last quarter it was 2.56% for 2 years, exactly. 
We are in both segments. 
And do we have any guidance, let's say, we want to take it to 5% or 10% in the next 3 years, 5- 
year period? 
Around 5% minimum. 
The next question is from the line of Subash from Choice International. 
So, a few of the questions I wanted to ask. So, first question is that like just previously answered 
regarding the EVs. I just wanted to understand that how is the EV mix progressing currently? 
And how has the contribution evolved in quarter 1'27? 
We don't have a EV separate contribution but contribution is same as other components in EV 
vehicles also because EV has gone up because of 
2 major reasons in this quarter. One is increase 
in Tata Motors EV production. You know that, we are supplying components there. Plus, 
we are 
supplying bushes to BMW of EV vehicles, where sale has gone up a little bit there. Plus JLR, 
launched this in the month of September, EV vehicles, it has start picking up a little bit from us. 
These are 3 major reasons for that. 
Page 9 of 11

Subhash: 
Navin Juneja: 
Subhash: 
Anyj Talwar: 
Navin Juneja: 
Moderator: 
Richita: 
Navin Juneja: 
Richita: 
Anyj Talwar: 
Richita: 
Navin Juneja: 
Richita: 
Navin Juneja: 
Richita: 
Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
August 11, 2026 
So, you have good visibility regarding EV business. So, do you have any kind of odd numbers 
which you can say that it will be contributed for next 2 years to 3 years, like something 
percentage of contribution you will get from EV business? 
First quarter, it is around 3.27% of this year. We expect in next 2 year it should go up 5%. 
So, another question is that are you seeing any inquiries from global OEMs regarding EV 
components on a quarterly basis? 
Yes, go ahead Navin, go ahead. 
Yes, We have received the order from JLR, we have received the order but for rubber 
components for EV vehicles, which is around INR15 crores to INR20 crores per annum, the 
supply will start from the first quarter or the second quarter of next calendar year. That is also 
for EV. 
The next question is from the line of Richita from CGW Investment. 
Sir, my follow-up question was on the forging business. So, I remember a year back, we were 
expecting forging to do around INR400 crores of revenue in FY27. So, what led to the guidance 
going down? Like was it just wanted to know the reason because I've been seeing in the last few 
quarters, we've broadly been doing INR75 crores on an average. So, s there a particular reason 
for it or if I can get a little clarity on that? 
Meritor Business was INR30 crores, INR40 crores per annum. That business couldn't mature 
because of Trump tariff, etcetera, when it was backed out. Now Meritor is back again at my 
plant and trying to start the business. That is INR30 crores, INR40 crores business I lost because 
of that. Plus, little bit muted demand from Europe. You have 2 reasons. 
Okay. And now that we are talking about a 14%, 15% growth is everything in place for it because 
we also have a INR500 crore order, right, sitting in our books for forging division. So has that 
started... 
Yes, we have equipment. We also had some manpower issues. We had some leadership issues. 
They've all been solved. As you know, Ashish appointed CEO of Talbros Automotive on April 
1. He's spending about 50% of his time in forging as well. Things are getting beter, and you see 
better numbers going forward. 100%. 
Okay. So, we will go above the INR75 crores of average which is... I think one of the things T 
have watching is right, we've has been not able to cross? 
This year, we should close at about INR340 crores around, but 2.5%, 3% here and there. 
Okay. And the gasket business should be around INR700 crores? 
It should be around INR680 crores to INR700 crores. It should be around that, should be... 
And the peak revenue that we mentioned earlier, so by this year is that possible for us? 
Page 10 of 11

& 
Navin Juneja: 
Richita: 
Navin Juneja: 
Richita: 
Navin Juneja: 
Anyj Talwar: 
Navin Juneja: 
Moderator: 
Jay Jain: 
Navin Juneja: 
Jay Jain: 
Navin Juneja: 
Jay Jain: 
Navin Juneja: 
Moderator: 
Anyj Talwar: 
Navin Juneja: 
Moderator: 
Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
August 11, 2026 
In next, by '30. 
Okay, by FY '30 like for gasket division, we've spoken about INR90O crores of revenue? 
Definitely. 
INR850 crore, forging INR600 crores revenue by FY '30. 
Yes, we are targeting that. 
Maybe more I'm very hopeful. 
Okay, I would like to see all of them. 
The next question is from the line of Jay Jain from JJ Capital. 
Sir, T have 2 questions. So first is which segment do you expect to grow fast in FY27? Is it 
gaskets, forging, MTCS or TMR? 
Pardon me? But can you repeat, each segment is doing a export. 
Yes, sir, which segment do we expect to grow the fastest in FY27? Is it gaskets, forgings, MTCS 
or TMR? 
First of all, it should be Marelli, okay, it will grow very fast in 30% to 40% growth will be there. 
And secondly, forging, it should be around 20% plus then gasket and similarly, TMR, both are 
same 18%, 20%. I think gasket should be around 16%, 17% and Marelli should be 16%, 17%. 
Okay. And sir, my second question is going ahead, what should be considered as a sustainable 
EBITDA margin? 
Around 17%, you can assume. 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Thank you so much for joining the call today. We are proud of our resilient growth rates and 
numbers that we have shown. We are hopeful of the automotive industry, and we're hopeful of 
capturing bigger market share, both in India and export market. And hopefully, we'll have better 
numbers in the future as well. Thank you so much. Bye. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. On behalf of the Talbros Automotive Components Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 11 of 11
