 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
To 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Corporate Relationship Dept. 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block- G, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
 
 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 500214  
 
 
 
Symbol: IONEXCHANG 
 
Sub.: Submission of Transcript of the Conference Call held on Monday, August 10, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Conference Call held 
with the Investors and Analysts (Group Meet) on Monday, August 10, 2026, to discuss the 
reclassification of Reporting Segments and the financial performance of the Company for the first 
quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
The said transcript is also available on the Company's website at www.ionexchangeglobal.com. 
 
Kindly take the information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Ion Exchange (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Nikisha Solanki 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS- 50894 
 
Encl.: As stated above 
 
NIKISHA 
YOGESH 
SOLANKI
Digitally signed 
by NIKISHA 
YOGESH 
SOLANKI 
Date: 2026.08.17 
22:03:24 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 33 
Ion Exchange (India) Limited 
Q1 FY ’27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 10, 2026 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Ion Exchange (India) 
Limited Q1 FY ’27 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. 
Thank you and over to you. 
Purvangi Jain: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. 
My name is Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor 
Relations of Ion Exchange (India) Limited. 
 
On behalf of the company and Valorem Advisors, I would like to thank you all 
for participating in the company's special conference call on reclassification of 
reporting segments. Please note that the management would take questions 
on the reclassification of reporting segments from 2 p.m. to 3 p.m. and then the 
Q1 FY ’27 Earnings Call will start at 3 p.m. to 4 p.m. In case the question-and-
answer session on the reclassification of reporting segments concludes earlier, 
we will subsequently move into quarterly earnings.  
 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the 
statements made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature. Such 
forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainty, which could 
cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are 
based on management's belief as well as assumptions made by and 
information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned 
not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making 
any investment decision. 
 
The purpose of today's reclassification of reporting segments and earnings call 
is purely to educate and bring awareness about the company's fundamental 
business and financial quarter under review. 
 
Let me now introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's 
call and hand it over to them for their opening remarks: 

 
Page 2 of 33 
We have with us Mr. Aankur Patni – Vice Chairman; Mr. Indraneel Dutt – 
Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Vasant Naik – Group Chief Financial Officer; 
and Mrs. Nikisha Solanki – Company Secretary. 
 
Without any delay, I request Mr. Indraneel Dutt to start with his remarks on 
classification of segments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Thank you, ma'am. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us 
today. On behalf of our Vice-Chairman, Mr. Aankur Patni, and the entire 
management team on the call, I extend a warm welcome to everyone 
participating today. 
 
As was mentioned, today's introduction has been structured into two parts 
because of the reclassification that has happened, which is an extraordinary 
event. The first session for the first one hour, we would like to talk about the 
rationale and the strategic imperative behind the reclassification. And we 
already have uploaded a presentation for the reclassification, which I am sure 
all of you would have got a chance to take a look at and we will spend the one 
hour from 2 to 3 o'clock to take you through some of the pages of this 
presentation that has been uploaded. And then we will be happy to take any 
questions that you may have regarding that presentation. And that hopefully 
will conclude the first segment of our conversation. 
 
From 3 o'clock, we will follow it up with a regular 1Q, ’27 Earnings Conference 
Call where we will discuss our operational financial performance under the 
revised reporting framework for the quarter just concluded, which is first quarter 
of 2027.  
 
So, that is the broad direction in which we will follow. So, I will request each 
one of you to refer to the presentation that has been uploaded. And I will kind 
of cover it very briefly, giving an overview. And once that is done, and that itself 
will explain a lot of the questions that you may have. Any further follow-up 
questions, we will be very happy to take an answer for you. Okay.  
 
So, I refer to the overview Page #1 where we have given the company 
snapshot, where the company is into 62 years of operation in 50 plus countries. 
We have one of the largest service networks in Asia-Pacific region, about 
200,000 plus worldwide installations, including 3,000 plus core industry 
projects with world-class manufacturing facilities and assembly hubs in many 
parts of the world, totally committed to sustainability across continents. 
 
The company's vision is to be the leader in our business, which is so vital to 
people's lives and the environment. As the next page will show, our total 
portfolio of water and environment management solutions cuts across the 

 
Page 3 of 33 
entire water cycle, right from pretreatment to water treatment, which is both ion 
exchange resin as well as membrane technology-based.  
 
We also are into industrial wastewater treatment, recycle, and zero-liquid 
discharge. We also have applications for our products like special resins, 
adsorbents, membranes, chemicals for various applications. We also are into 
sewage treatment, tertiary treatment, sludge treatment, and we also have our 
offerings on the drinking water side with our Zero B consumer products 
portfolio.  
 
The next page captures the core offerings of the company, which is broadly 
categorized into 12 parts. This is, again, I think, one of the first times we are 
showing our company in this way. This is also very unique because we believe 
that we are one of the very few companies, if not the only one in the world, who 
has under their umbrella ion exchange resins, membranes, as well as specialty 
chemicals. 
 
We also offer standard systems and plants, home water solutions and digital 
solutions. And we are applying those products or offerings into water treatment, 
ultrapure high-purity water, wastewater treatment, as well as zero-liquid 
discharge and services.  
 
The next page, we have covered our capabilities. We talked about all of them. 
So, across the product offerings, we are pretty much present in every aspect 
of water and wastewater treatment and solutions.  
 
And then, the next three pages of the presentation covers our solutions 
offerings. And again, I would say in our solutions, we span across one of the 
widest portfolio of offerings across our original core solutions, which covers our 
pre-treatment, 
water 
treatment 
technologies, 
condensate 
polishing, 
wastewater recycle, reuse, sewage treatment, zero-liquid discharge, and home 
water, which typically has been the base and the core foundations of solutions 
that the company has been offering for the last 60-plus years. 
 
Over the last few years, the company has moved into the advanced solution 
portfolio, where we offer our solutions in seawater desalination. We have seen 
those projects we have done in various parts of the world, including in Morocco 
in the last couple of years.  
 
We have also gotten to ultrapure water. A lot of questions have been asked in 
the past on our ultrapure water solutions that we've offered in solar and also in 
Semiconductor Mohali quite some time back. And then our solutions on the 
pharma side in high-purity water.  

 
Page 4 of 33 
 
We have also got into technologies on advanced oxidation for wastewater 
treatment, for produced water treatment, and our new applications in applied 
ion exchange and wellness solutions of hydrogen water and alkaline water on 
the Wellness range for the Zero B product line. 
 
In addition to that, the company is currently working on emerging solutions, 
which are the latest areas of focus on water, wastewater treatment, and 
resource recovery across the world, whether it comes in brine valorization, in 
lithium extraction, in destroying forever chemicals or PFAS, not only in terms 
of PFAS treatment, plus also absorption and destruction using various 
technologies, including foam fractionation.  
 
The company's also gotten into new energy solutions, which is into high-purity 
DM water for electrolyzers, for green hydrogen applications, and also offering 
integrated electrolyzer and BOP solutions. 
 
The company is also geared up to offer solutions in semi-conductor as well as 
for data centers with cooling water treatment solutions, high efficiency RO and 
softening systems, and also looking at technologies like direct liquid cooling. 
 
And then the all-encompassing area that the company is working on is digital 
solutions and portfolio, where we are trying to offer IoT-enabled smart products 
and offerings, and allowing our customers and our access to both the monitor, 
connected, analyzed, as well as optimized for predictive future monitoring.  
 
In terms of our global presence, we are present in some 50-plus countries. 
30% of the company's revenue come from our international markets. We have 
14 global manufacturing and assembly facilities with 200,000-plus installations.  
 
The next page talks about all our project locations. So, it just shows that apart 
from India, the company is present in many markets across Middle East, Asia 
Pacific, and in various parts of Africa.  
 
We have also given a quick glimpse of our manufacturing facilities. You could 
see all our facilities, both in India as well as overseas in those subsequent 
slides, whether it is our resin manufacturing plant in Ankleshwar. The new 
plant, this is our first visuals of the new plant. We talked about Roha quite a 
bit, but this shows a glimpse of the resin plant that has come up in Roha in 
Maharashtra.  
 
It also shows our membrane manufacturing center of excellence in Goa, our 
specialty chemicals plant in Patancheru in Hyderabad, which is our mother 
facility for specialty chemicals. And then we also have our blending facilities in 

 
Page 5 of 33 
Saudi Arabia in Dammam, which is operational, as well as in MAPRIL in 
Portugal.  
 
Our standard plants are there in Hosur, in Verna, Goa, in Wada, Maharashtra, 
and we have large assembly centers. One of them is in Palaspe in Maharashtra 
and smaller assembly centers in Sharjah, in South Africa, in Indonesia, and 
Bangladesh.  
 
Innovation is the core of the company. The R&D facility of the company was 
founded in 1965 with 50-plus patents till date and 100-plus products launched. 
This is India's one of the oldest water-focused research center and working 
across all technologies of water treatment and wastewater treatment, including 
resins, chemicals, membranes, and focused on offering sustainable solutions 
for industries and communities.  
 
We have also given a glimpse of some of our marquee clients. Most of them 
are India-focused. We have another similar page for outside India, which is 
typically not put up in this deck. And then, we have given a glimpse in the 
presentation about our human capital. We are a team of about 3,500-plus 
professionals with competencies and capabilities spread across 15-plus 
countries, with competencies in EPC and projects, over 650-plus people. In 
products and manufacturing, over 600-plus people. In consumer and retail, 
which is our dearly product line, we have about 1,400+ people. And then 
services and chemicals and corporate functions make up the rest.  
 
In the next section, we have tried to talk about some of the investments that 
the company has been doing over the past six to seven years. And that is one 
of the rationale which has led to this reclassification of our reporting numbers. 
 
We have all been talking about the Roha facility, where we have shown a 
picture earlier, which is another part of the plant, where the capacity expansion 
for our flagship business, the ion exchange resins, has increased by 5x through 
the setting up of the Roha plant, which is currently commissioned and going 
through stabilization and ongoing production increase. It expands our 
conventional resin capacity to support future growth. 
 
It will help us increase our share of the global market from current to at least 
by 4x to get to double-digit numbers. This also establishes India's first non-
solvent resin manufacturing facility, which is again doing away with solvent-
based resin manufacturing. Again, a first of its kind in India and one of the more 
sought-after product lines globally. And it also is working towards establishing 
an integrated spent acid recovery plant, which will be a global first and will help 
us become a more circular-driven, sustainable company.  

 
Page 6 of 33 
 
So, clearly, Roha gives us technology leadership, circular manufacturing, a 5x 
capacity expansion, and future-ready operations. This, along with our existing 
plant in Ankleshwar, positions the company greatly, and this is, I think, one of 
the biggest investments that the company has made, and we are going to very 
soon see the full results of Roha shaping up over the next few years, as we 
have been talking about in past investor calls.  
 
The second area where we are building scale is on pharma resins. This is again 
happening in Ankleshwar. Our pharma resin factory is FDA approved, and the 
capacity expansion plan is 6x. And there also, it will help us expand our product 
portfolio with the new weak acid cation and the acrylic anion resin grades. The 
enhanced FDA-approved manufacturing facility helps us deliver products 
globally to our customers for the pharma customers.  
 
And also, this improves and gives us a much more repeatable, strengthened 
response, future-ready process and product line with pharma resins, which is 
currently within our resin product line overall. This helps us expand our portfolio 
of offerings, increases the capacity by 6x, helps in import substitution in India, 
where we can supply to many of the Indian pharma customers, and also allows 
us to be the third player only in the world who can enter into this kind of resin 
applications in the global market. 
 
The other area that the company has been expanding significantly is on 
building scale in membrane manufacturing in Goa, where we are putting the 
entire comprehensive range of membranes, right from reverse osmosis, ultra-
filtration, nano-filtration, and MBR membranes in production. The company 
also got into a tie-up to get this full range with MANN+HUMMEL, for our ultra-
filtration PVDF technology. 
 
Overall, the plan is to have a 3x business growth over the years. And with this 
kind of a range that we are building in membranes in our Goa facility, the 
second plant is coming up, we will be the only manufacturer in India to have 
the full range of integrated membrane facilities in the country with our own 
casting and coating lines, with our hollow fiber technologies on UF, and with 
our strategic partnerships with MANN+HUMMEL. 
 
The company is also building scale on the standard systems portfolio, All the 
3 factories across Hosur, Goa, and Wada have had investments being made 
where capacities have been expanded multiple times. Both our membrane 
business and the standard plants business is a part of the industrial product 
portfolio. So, that shows that on the industrial product side, apart from 
consumer products The company has been slowly increasing scale and 
building capacity and expanding the portfolio. And we believe that both the 
standard systems business as well as the membranes entire product portfolio 

 
Page 7 of 33 
will help us significantly ramp up our industrial products range, which has so 
far been clubbed within the engineering segment of the company. 
 
The other area that the company has been working on is on building scale in 
services, where we having had already 200-plus operation maintenance 
contracts, we have a significant reach. As I said in the beginning, we have one 
of the largest service network in the Asia-Pacific region. We have 30,000-plus 
customers served, pan-India presence. And also we are moving towards more 
of BOOT, BOO, rental, and water-as-a-service solutions.  
 
So, all of this will help us offer a comprehensive ring-to-ring service offerings 
in the water and the wastewater segment, both in India and overseas. Case in 
point was the order that the company won in Oman with Petroleum 
Development Oman, which was a comprehensive 20-year O&M contract 
concession that the company will be executing. And that is how we are trying 
to build these service portfolios significantly across geographies, across the 
offerings, and across the solutions given. 
 
The last part of building scale, you have witnessed that, is through our Zero B 
home water solutions range, where we have been growing at a significant rate 
of 30 odd percent, 30% plus. We have been expanding with our product 
portfolios from filters to purifiers, to lab water purifiers, to water softeners, to 
on-the-go purifiers, heat pumps. So, the range keeps on growing across 700-
plus cities being covered, 2,000-plus trained engineers and the pan-India 
presence. And we have also expanded into adjacent markets like Nepal. We 
also are exploring how we can expand into neighboring markets like Sri Lanka 
and Bangladesh.  
 
So, with all of this, our current reporting was into engineering, chemicals and 
consumer products. And in the past, we have talked mostly about our 
engineering business. But what you will find is in the new reporting system, the 
engineering segment has been broken up into Treatment Solutions, Industrial 
Products and Lifecycle Services. All of these three are very important for us.  
 
In the presentation, you saw that across the Treatment Solutions range, right 
from core solutions, we have moved on to advanced solutions and also getting 
into the emerging solutions of resource recovery, lithium extraction, new 
energy. All of these are very important and the company is already positioning 
itself to be able to get a significant share of those business from both India as 
well as global markets.  
 
We have talked about how we are expanding and how we have invested in our 
product portfolio across membranes and standard plants, and that is where we 

 
Page 8 of 33 
will be able to show you progress for the Industrial Products segment going 
forward as a standalone segment. 
 
We have also talked about how we are building our scale in services across 
geographies, across the portfolio, across technologies, and that is why we 
wanted to share our Lifecycle Services business segment and report that 
separately for you.  
 
Our Chemicals segment continues with specialty chemicals. The composition 
remains the same of industrial resins, pharma resins, and specialty chemicals, 
water treatment specialty chemicals, and also process chemicals. The 
Consumer Product segment remains the same. Only the institutional product 
line has moved out of the Consumer segment towards Industrial Products.  
 
So, that is the classification we have done. Again, emphasizing the fact that 
the company is much more beyond chemicals, consumer products and 
engineering, that beyond EPC and projects, the company is moving, pivoting 
more towards treatment solutions, advanced treatment solutions, emerging 
treatment solutions into membranes, standard plants and product, and also 
into lifecycle services, offering the most comprehensive range of lifecycle 
services.  
 
So, this is how the current and the new reporting segments are structured. This 
page, for those of you who can refer to our presentation, will give you very 
good clarity of how we were reporting the businesses earlier and how we are 
starting to report the company from this financial quarter. 
 
And the next page covers a little bit more of the reporting segments. It is again 
a classification of what we have talked about in the past few pages. So, it just 
again shows all of the readers and those on the call how the treatment 
solutions, industrial products, lifecycle services, specialty chemicals, and the 
consumer products offerings are stacked up.  
 
The next few pages just talk about how the breakup of the businesses has 
been. Again, some of this we can even cover as part of the Q&A. But you will 
see that our treatment solutions business has grown significantly year-over-
year. If you look at the CAGR over the last 4 years, the treatment solutions 
business has grown at a rate of 23%. This just shows our continued focus on 
this segment, that is kind of our mothership. That is the strategy for us to get 
into projects, and then we execute through services, we execute through 
specialty chemicals, which are all required to run those plants. We execute 
through membranes. 

 
Page 9 of 33 
 
Here, the EBIT has gone the other way, and we have discussed about this at 
length in many of our investor calls where, as we have talked about some 
legacy projects, we talked about the U.P. project, where the profitability has 
taken a hit, which is what you typically see in this page on treatment solutions.  
 
On the industrial products, again, you will see it is a 9% CAGR. A little bit of 
softening in the last year, otherwise the numbers would have looked far better. 
There were some impacts because of West Asia crisis. We could not keep up 
on the same rate of growth. And again, a little bit of softening due to some 
investments in the last year, but there also, the CAGR had grown for the last 4 
years, slight dip in the current year, which we expect to overcome in the current 
financial year. 
 
On Lifecycle Services, I think a good story. 10% growth in revenue over the 
last few years. Now that we are reporting these number segments separately, 
but a very, very positive, healthy 21% growth in CAGR over the year of the last 
4 years.  
 
Specialty chemicals and the consumer products, those two segments are the 
same as we reported in the past. So, nothing new to talk about, except the fact 
that both specialty chemicals has recorded double-digit growth in both of their 
top-line revenue as well as on the profitability EBIT. While consumer products 
has been a very strong growth story. However, the profitability has been down, 
and we have talked about how our plan is to come back and break even in this 
financial year.  
 
So, with that, I come to the end of the overall presentation. I wanted to give a 
voiceover on the pages that you would have seen, and we will be happy to take 
any questions that you may have around the reclassification beyond what I 
talked about just now on the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Subi Gupta with Trinetra Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Subi Gupta: 
Sir, my first question is regarding the Portugal market. After our acquisition 
there, how is that market sort of progressing and what is the market scope that 
we see? Also, if you could just comment on the margins that we would be 
getting from that specific market. 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Sorry, if you could repeat, ma'am. Which particular market segment you are 
talking about? 

 
Page 10 of 33 
Subi Gupta: 
Sir, Portugal, Spain and Portugal, we had this acquisition. So, we were going 
to expand in Europe. So, just wanted to understand margins and scope of 
expansion there. 
Indraneel Dutt: 
So, that business was acquired about three years back. And I think we have 
completed the integration of that product line, and I think we have got teams 
well-trained on Ion Exchange products and solutions offering. We see good 
potential of growth for all our resins, chemicals, membranes portfolio. We also 
have participated in pursuits on the solution side of the business, and we have 
got also a project that we are executing right now.  
 
Clearly, there is more potential than what we have in mind so far. And the team 
continues to work to see that the full potential of growth and opportunities that 
exist in the South Europe, Iberian market, as well as in the North African 
market, which can be catered to also from that entity are fully leveraged. 
 
The company continues to see significant upside opportunities from that 
acquisition for Ion Exchange. And we continue to work towards that, and we 
believe that the success from those countries, those geographies in the next 
two to three years will be significantly more. 
Subi Gupta: 
Sir, if you could just quantify the margins in terms of what is the incremental 
margin that we could get from there. Is it similar to our profile here, or will there 
be a difference? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
So, we typically, ma'am, don't talk about specific margins for particular 
geography. But I would say that, again, varies segment to segment. We talked 
about the five segments. The four of the five segments are present there, so 
not the consumer products business. That varies segment to segment. But 
overall, the margins will be similar, if not better than what we see in India. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pratik Kothari with Unique PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Sir, my first question regarding this reclassification. If you can just go through 
what led to this, I mean, why this reclassification, any corporate action per se 
that you expect on this? Just thoughts behind doing this. 
Indraneel Dutt: 
So, it is just that the engineering segment was not reporting, giving the full color 
of what was inside engineering. And it was, to a certain extent, construed as 
projects business. But we had a very robust products business within it. We 
had a very growing services business within it. And then our pivot towards more 
solutions and advanced emerging solutions offerings. So, that is what we 
wanted to show separately, because at a consol level, what we were able to 

 
Page 11 of 33 
share with you was a combination of these three segments that were reported 
as engineering. 
 
Now, I think those interested in the company will be able to see all these three 
aspects of the company in terms of the growth of life cycle services as 
repeatable revenues, lifecycle revenues, the growth of our industrial products 
portfolio beyond the consumer products that we have been reporting, and then 
the growth and performance of our treatment solutions business. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Any thoughts on kind of listing this separately? I mean, three different divisions 
that we have for any activity in there. Any such thought? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Right now, there is none. Right now, I think the objective is only to offer more 
transparency to share with you the investments, because we have only talked 
about investments largely made in Roha, but there have been investments 
made in other parts of the company, and we want to share with you very openly 
and transparently the growth that we anticipate and expect to see in these 
segments that we have not talked about.  
 
We believe that with this reclassification, about 60% of the company will 
comprise of products, chemicals, and services, and the treatment solutions will 
be about approximately about 40% of the company.  
 
So, a lot of work, a lot of investment, a lot of management bandwidth has been 
spent over the last five to six years in growing the products, the specialty 
chemicals, and the services portfolio of the company that we feel are now 
substantive enough to stand on their own feet and be reported separately as 
individual segments to our investors while continuing to maintain our focus on 
treatment solutions. As new technologies emerge, we want to be on the 
forefront of treatment solutions as well.  
 
But right now, to answer your question, there is no separate corporate action 
plan. It is more at offering more transparency and more perspective and color 
of how the company is performing across these segments. 
Pratik Kothari: 
No, thank you for that. That's highly appreciated. Sir, one clarification on this 
Roha slide, which is, I think, Slide 23. We have said 5x capacity expansion. Is 
this for one specific product? Because our understanding was we are doubling 
the resins capacity. So, if you can clarify this 5x number. 
Indraneel Dutt: 
This is a global number. So, we are talking about actually becoming a bigger 
global player in the market. This, again, are broader numbers you could look 
at based on how you define the global resin market. But what we are trying to 
say is we expect through the Roha plant and the ongoing Ankleshwar plant, 

 
Page 12 of 33 
that we are aspiring to take 10% of the global resin volume, which I think is a 
fairly big aspiration from that perspective. 
Pratik Kothari: 
No, the point taken. Sorry, but coming back on this. So, last year we had called 
out about INR 500 crores of resin revenue in our chemical business, roughly, 
give or take. So, when we say 5x capacity expansion, what does that mean? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
We are increasing resin capacity by expanding Roha and de‑bottlenecking 
both Roha and Ankleshwar. After these works, total resin capacity across the 
two sites is expected to reach approximately 5x the capacity that existed before 
construction of the Roha plant. Phase I (Roha expansion) will double capacity 
(2x versus the original baseline). Phase II (further Roha expansion), together 
with the de‑bottlenecking gains, will raise total output to roughly 5x the original 
capacity of Ankleshwar. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Just to reconfirm, so INR 500 crores of resin revenue that we did last year, 
what we are saying is post this debottleneck in Roha, we can do INR 2,500 
crores? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
No, no. So, that was for the entire chemical segment. Our chemical segment 
includes the specialty chemicals business also. 
Pratik Kothari: 
No, correct. So, last year, specialty chemicals, we reported about INR 900 
crores of revenue, give or take. INR 500 crores of that was resins, INR 400 
crores was water chemicals. What is it that… 
Indraneel Dutt: 
We have not given a segment breakup like that, but what we are saying is that 
this together, this gives us a significant capacity expansion post 
debottlenecking to be able to go after that market. 
Pratik Kothari: 
I will take this offline if required. 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Sure, no problem. 
Pratik Kothari: 
And second on this quarterly results, do we come back on that too or should I 
ask that now for the numbers? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
We will come back. That will be once this particular segment is over, then we 
will start that segment. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Correct. No, fair enough. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rahul with Stratton Oakmont. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Page 13 of 33 
Rahul: 
My question is more regarding the rebranding of the Chemicals division to 
Specialty Chemicals. So, with this Roha plant targeting utilization ramp-up, are 
the resins produced here moving up the value chain? And are they 
pharmaceutical-grade resins or the ultra-pure water resins for the 
semiconductor and EMS sectors? What would be the ballpark margin profile 
for them? And what is the timeline for securing these high-margin certifications 
required for these new lines? That would be all. 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Yes. So, in a way, I think your assessment is correct at a broad level. As you 
all know that the reason for the Roha plant was that we were capacity 
constrained in the first existing mother plant of Ankleshwar. And as a result of 
which, now with Roha coming in, that gives us a lot of additional volume by 
which we can not only take care of our core bread-and-butter business that we 
have a significant high global demand, but this will also allow us to delve into 
more specialty resins for special purpose applications.  
 
You mentioned a few of them. There are other applications as well that the 
company would like to go after, which are typically more higher margin and 
coming out with higher quality and higher specification-grade product lines. 
Also, at the same time, the expansion in the pharma product line also will give 
us more specialty-grade resin product lines from pharma application 
standpoint.  
 
So, across the board, we are moving more towards high-end specialty 
application grade while continuing to keep the bread-and-butter core volume 
intact. And that is why we felt that it was possibly time that we classify our 
chemicals away from commodities to more specialized application offerings. 
Rahul: 
What is the ballpark margin number that we can expect in the medium term 
from this business? And how much revenue as a percentage of the 
consolidated revenue can we expect in the next two to three years from this 
segment? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Right now, we are not in a position to give you a breakup. I think those will 
become evident as the quarters unfold, and you will see the performance and 
the percentages as the Roha plant comes up, as we move more standard 
volume to Roha, as we move more specialty volume to Ankleshwar. Those will 
become evident, and at that time, we can cover it with more specifics. Right 
now, it is a bit premature to talk about those percentages at this point in time. 
Rahul: 
Right. And we have also separated our industrial products from our treatment 
solutions. So, does that mean that the industrial products segment will scale 
independently? Do we expect to become an OEM supplier to other EPC 
contractors who might be competing with our treatment solutions division? 

 
Page 14 of 33 
Indraneel Dutt: 
We already are, but we believe that it can be more. As I said, we have 
significant investments made on the standard plants and systems. We today 
have 4 manufacturing locations of scale, and there are small assembly 
locations. As I said, our second membrane expansion plant is coming up in an 
adjacent plot in Goa. That will manufacture the UF range of products, the MBR 
range of products.  
 
So, clearly, we see that this segment, there's enough traction , enough activity, 
enough revenues, which is kind of now helping us set this up as a separate 
standalone segment vertical. And we definitely believe that this has a very high 
promising future. We believe that the products portfolio will grow in revenues 
both in India and outside. Our overseas teams are significantly getting 
strengthened to take these product lines outside India as well. 
 
And that is where the company continues to focus on building a strong 
industrial products portfolio, a strong specialty chemicals portfolio, and a strong 
services portfolio, while continuing to look for higher-end advanced and 
emerging solutions in wastewater and water treatment. 
Rahul: 
That will be all from my end. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kaustav Bubna with Kamana 
Holdings. Please go ahead. 
Kaustubh Bhupna: 
So, it kind of ties up with your non-solvent capacity increase in your specialty 
chemicals business, but I will just frame it in another way. A lot of companies 
are coming up who are trying to create resins for water treatment, which are 
not polymer-based. They are more carbon-based and other material-based 
because they say that the polymer-based resins worsen the water in other 
aspects. And they say that the countries like Europe are thinking of banning 
these type of resins on a whole. So, given that Ion Exchange has a large 
exposure to polymer-based resins, what is your response to that, and is this 
company also diversifying out into other based resins? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
So, Ion Exchange resins, as I said, is one of our first businesses. We continue 
to see a significant amount of demand and requirement for those resins in the 
market. What you are referring to is the overall concern globally, especially 
more in developed markets like the U.S. and Europe, around how to deal with 
residual chemicals, especially very tough to treat chemicals, which refuse to 
go away and don't get destroyed. And that is why they get into this forever 
chemicals or PFAS category.  
 
There are companies already working. I had talked about this in our emerging 
solutions in a portfolio where in terms of both absorption through resins and 

 
Page 15 of 33 
also destruction of those chemicals, we are coming out with technologies which 
will help us do that. And there are very few companies in the world who can 
offer that in the market, and we would like to be one of them.  
 
Apart from that, we don't right now see a significant threat to our polymer-based 
resin business. Having said that, we continue to look at various basic chemistry 
of seeing how those applications can be made. But we believe that with the 
focus that we are putting in on absorbing and destroying PFAS assurance, we 
will be able to cater to a lot of the concerns that today developed markets in 
the U.S. and Europe have around these forever chemicals. 
Kaustubh Bhupna: 
So, what you are saying is that the company is actively also working towards 
creating a portfolio of non-polymer base or on a portfolio that tackles this issue 
of creating residual impact? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Yes, I would say the second. I would say that we are working to solve that 
problem of forever chemicals, which is extremely big if you look at markets and 
just Google PFAS and look at markets in Europe and U.S.A. It is an extremely 
big problem. And we believe we have some part of the solution. We are now 
putting the rest of the solution in place so that we can offer this to our 
customers. So that, I think the second way you frame my response is aligned 
to our thinking. 
Kaustubh Bhupna: 
Just last question. So, on your treatment solution business, even in this 
presentation you put out, your profitability CAGR over five years has been 
pretty discouraging. Your EBIT has fallen from INR 60 crore to INR 27 crore. 
Well, I agree you have grown top line at a healthy double-digit revenue.  
 
But I am just trying to understand what is the landscape now? As in what is 
happening, why has this performance been so bad on the profitability front for 
five years now? And how do we plan to move this back towards higher 
profitability? Is that the plan even, or are we focusing on other areas and this 
segment will continue to show weak profitability? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
It is a mix of both. And we have always called out in past meets and calls that 
this segment is currently facing headwinds due to some large value legacy 
projects that we are continuing to execute and finish. I think we have borne a 
brunt of that pain of those projects as is evident in these numbers. But they are 
kind of in the final stages. I would not say final. But yes, I think a significant part 
of the work already done. And so some of the numbers that you see are 
reflective of those.  
 
Having said that, we continue to look at ways of how we can improve the 
solutions business profitability. A, in terms of being selective and picking up 

 
Page 16 of 33 
projects which are definitely much better risk profile, much better execution 
predictability in terms of improving and strengthening our solutions business 
further from a competency standpoint in walking away from difficult projects, 
being a lot more selective.  
 
And that is what the experience has taught us. You have seen us pick up 
projects of different nature, whether it is the Oman concession of 20 years we 
picked up or the recently announced win that we had from a multinational 
customer for a project in the Middle East. So, those are the profile of projects 
that we would like to get. So, that is what we are trying to work on to improve 
the overall while continuing to maintain the growth trajectory. The focus on the 
treatment solutions business will not go away. We are working towards finding 
the right suites for our projects.  
 
What you also see us doing in this presentation is to see how we try to move 
away from commoditized solutions towards more advanced and emerging 
solutions where there is value for technology, there is a need in the market, 
unmet need in the market, is how as a technology company, we want to offer 
solutions that are not available across the board and hence will come with a 
little bit of that much of premium.  
 
At the same time, we continue to build on our other portfolio of products, 
chemicals, and services. So, that is the broad company response in terms of 
the headwinds that we currently see on the solutions business, but a lot of work 
is happening. Unfortunately, some of these projects are large projects. You 
can't step away from it like you typically do on maybe a products deal. That is 
where we have to grind it out, which we are currently doing.  
 
But as you see our growth happening on our industrial products portfolio, our 
consumer products portfolio, our services portfolio, our specialty chemicals 
portfolio, those are a lot less risky part of the company. And that is what we 
want to double down, at the same time, work towards more higher end 
emerging advanced solutions that the world needs on water and wastewater 
solutions. 
Kaustubh Bhupna: 
I will join back in the queue later. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Norris Crasto with IMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Norris Crasto: 
My question today is, I just wanted to ask about the North America business, 
the Americas and North America business, especially, with the recent 
appointment of the CEO, Mr. Sanjay Sapra, and also on the Water Quality 
Association certification. My question specifically is, has this certification 

 
Page 17 of 33 
already started contributing to the revenue in the current quarter? And if so, if 
the management could kindly quantify this revenue contribution. And also, 
looking ahead, how do we see the certification driving incremental revenue 
over the next two and three quarters? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
So, good observation and good question. While this discussion is primarily on 
the segment classification, but it is kind of related to one of the segments, so 
we will try to give a perspective.  
 
So, the appointment that you talked about, referred to, is a part of our ongoing 
strategy to become more local in global markets. While we kind of highlighted 
the appointment of our North Americas leader, our Americas leader rather, we 
have also appointed a leader for our Asia Pacific business. We have appointed 
a leader for our Middle East Africa business, and we are in the process of 
appointing a leader for our Europe business. It is not an Americas effort alone. 
It is part of a very considered effort to take the company global. And below 
these leaders have country leaders so that we can go after the potential market 
opportunities in those respective countries. 
 
This plays well with the investments that the company has planned and has 
made, specifically with respect to the investments in our resins business, with 
the Roha plant, with our membranes business that is being made, and also 
with our standard plants business because all of these product lines and 
offerings will be sold in most of these markets across the world, including the 
Americas market.  
 
These markets also require our products to have local certifications to be able 
to meet the requirements of customers in those local markets as per local stat 
regulations, and the WQA certification is a step in that regard for our resins 
business. For us to be able to sell in the Americas market, the WQA 
certification is a must, and that is what the company has gone and done. 
 
So, yes, with the WQA certification, with our Roha plant commission, with our 
leadership team in place in some of these global markets, we will see an uptick 
on the businesses, based on which premise the investment was approved. So, 
this is as per the norms agreed and the progressive growth plan we have 
already given in past calls. So, we expect the growth to happen on those lines 
in those markets for the businesses that we are investing in. 
Norris Crasto: 
I highly appreciate the detailed answer, but if you could just give a 
quantification in terms of has the WQA certification contributed to the current 
quarter revenue, and if so, what is the contribution and also the growth you see 
with the WQA certification and how aggressively are we targeting the 
Americas, and what is the growth in the quarters to come? 

 
Page 18 of 33 
Indraneel Dutt: 
So, the question on this current quarter will take in the call for the quarter. As I 
said, we would not be in a position to give a quantification, but we expect a 
significant part of our Roha plant capacity utilization to come from overseas 
markets and specifically the North American market. So, there is a significant 
assumption that, not a majority, but a significant part of the Roha volume will 
be used to cater to the North American market growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Deepak with Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Deepak: 
Sir, I just want to double-click on that pharma resin which we spoke about at 
that Ankleshwar location. So, when we talk about 6x capacity expansion, is this 
the expansion which has already taken place? Or you mean to say that from 
here on we will be expanding 6X in the next couple of years? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
So, it is in the process. It is not as big as the Roha plant that we had to set up. 
It is in the process. The pharma resins are not measured by volume, but value. 
And we believe that we have the necessary actions being put in place to get 
this up and done in the next 12 months. 
Deepak: 
Sir, would it be possible to quantify, like what we quantify in terms of Roha 
plant, maybe in cubic meter, what is it currently for this pharma resin and what 
it will be? And how much CapEx we will be incurring in the next 12 months to 
expand this capacity by 6x? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
So, we typically have not given a breakup if you look at our past commentaries 
around the breakup of the industrial and the pharma resins. It is an FDA-
approved plant, but it is the capacity we are trying to grow. The CapEx is 
manageable. It is not so much the CapEx-CapEx as to the knowledge and the 
technical knowhow that helps us unlock that potential and the value. We 
believe that we are on course to get that done in the next 12 months. 
Deepak: 
And sir, the asset turn would be similar to what we see in the Roha plant at 
around, I think, 2-2.5x? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
It will be quite more than that because it is a little bit of an asset-light 
investment, more on technology knowhow and IP. 
Deepak: 
And sir, would it be possible to call out as of FY ’26, what was our revenue 
contribution from this pharma resins? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
No, we don't do that. As and when the segment grows, as you see and our 
entire effort of the reclassification is to become more transparent and share 
more insights of the company to you. As and when we find that this segment 
becomes big enough to be able to stand on its own and report, we will do that. 

 
Page 19 of 33 
But right now, this will continue to be classified under the specialty chemicals 
segment. 
Deepak: 
And sir, one last point. So, I noticed in your presentation you had given a 
breakup of all the three segment, but somehow I am not able to reconcile that 
with the actual reported number, which was earlier. So, it would be helpful if 
you can provide the actual number plus the inter-segment, which could be 
related to all three segments, so that at least I am able to match with the past 
number as provided. 
Indraneel Dutt: 
We will provide that to Valorem. Through Valorem you will be able to get. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sagar Parekh with Renaissance 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Sagar Parekh: 
My question was on this water treatment solution, basically. So, I was just 
looking at your presentation, and I am new to this company, so maybe my 
questions will be basic. I wanted to understand on, you have written ultra-pure 
water and high purity water as your solution that you offer. So, do you all also 
have the capability to service the semiconductor industry, which is upcoming 
in India, for the ultra-pure and high-purity water? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Yes, so ultra-pure is more for solar and semiconductor and batteries. And high-
purity water is a term that we associate more with pharma, biopharma life 
sciences, biotech companies. And yes, we have the capability to offer ultra-
pure water solutions to semiconductor companies. We have participated in 
some of the bids that have happened in the projects in the past, I would say, 
year plus. And we continue to pursue. We have got good strength.  
 
In fact, we have picked up a small project of a semiconductor application. It is 
still not out in the public domain, but we picked up a small project with a partner. 
So, we are very much in that space. This is not a new space for the company. 
The company had done an ultra-pure water project for Semiconductor 
Complex Limited, Mohali, SCL Mohali, quite about 30 years back. 
 
So, a lot of that knowledge resided in the company. But however, with the 
advancements in chip manufacturing, we have had to upgrade the technology 
of ours, work with a partner, and I believe we have the best technology to offer 
for our customers in India and abroad. 
Sagar Parekh: 
So, in terms of size, for example, let's say the Tata’s plant is somewhere, which 
is an INR 90,000 crore kind of CapEx. So, within that, what would be the 
opportunity size for us that we can cater to? 

 
Page 20 of 33 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Yes, it is a very specific one. I wouldn’t want to, and again that varies plant to 
plant. All I can tell you is that the semiconductor fabs are extremely dirty 
industries. So, A, they require very, very high quality source water. That again 
depends on the kind of water you get. If you get municipality water, that will be 
one investment requirement.  
 
If you get sewage water, as again, some of these industries have been talked 
about to get, then to treat that into making ultrapure water will be another 
investment level. And then the wastewater that comes from these fabs also will 
need to get treated, and even those require very large treatment facilities.  
 
In fact, the investments required to treat process water from these plants is 
bigger than what you need for setting up ultrapure water plants. So, 
significantly water guzzlers, significant water degraders, and all these fabs will 
require a significant amount of their plant CapEx to go into water and 
wastewater treatment. 
Sagar Parekh: 
And this business would be order book driven, this entire treatment solutions 
business? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Yes. These are all customized plants, so unless and until it is our large projects, 
depending on the size of the plant. So, yes, it's like any other project pursuit 
that we do. 
Sagar Parekh: 
So, just my last question on this entire treatment solutions business piece. So, 
you have about INR 1,100 crore revenue last year with INR 27 crores of EBIT, 
right? And your margins have been coming up, and you have alluded to the 
fact that there were some large legacy projects that are getting over now. But 
if I look at FY ’21-’22, you did about 11%-12% kind of EBIT margins on a INR 
500 crore kind of top line, right? Now our top line has more than doubled, but 
our margins have come off.  
 
Now with this entire new space which is coming up, which is semiconductors 
and solar where we have our capabilities, do you think we can go back to 10%-
11% margins with significant scale-up in terms of top line or you think the top 
line will remain more or less in this range with some margin improvement? How 
should we look at this business overall? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
I think the business will, see, first of all, I will qualify your comment around the 
legacy projects as we have been saying that while a substantive part of the 
project has been done, yet we don't quantify percentages, but yet a fair bit of 
the project is still left out. Okay.  

 
Page 21 of 33 
 
So, we don't want to give a feeling that we are out of the woods. We are not. 
But we grind through, and we should be out of the woods soon. But the 
immediate short term, I think we still have to execute our commitments on this 
project.  
 
Having said that, the effort of the company, as I said, has been on three, four 
areas. One, be very selective in what we pick up, and we have been very 
selective over the last couple of years. The jobs that we have won also reflect 
a much better profitability profile that we have picked up, which we have 
announced as well.  
 
Number three is to look towards areas which are more high-tech, more where 
there are challenges, where there are few technology providers, and which is 
where the entire segments of advanced techno-solutions and emerging 
solutions come into play. These are not easy. Not too many companies in the 
world can offer on the emerging solutions side.  
 
We will be one of the very few companies in the world who can offer resource 
recovery, brine valorization, water electrolysis, lithium extraction. These are 
high-tech spaces, and that is where we believe if we move towards that, fully 
changes the profile mix while not reducing the focus on the treatment solutions 
portfolio, we should be able to improve the overall mix of the particular 
segment. 
Sagar Parekh: 
That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. Now, I would 
hand the conference over to the management for their Q1 earnings results. 
 
Sir, now I hand the conference over to the management for their Q1 earnings 
results. 
Vasant Naik: 
Good afternoon, everybody. This is Vasant Naik. It is a pleasure to welcome 
you all to the earnings conference call for the 1st Quarter of Financial Year 
2027. 
 
For the first quarter under review on a consolidated basis, the company 
reported an operating income of INR 701 crores, increase of 20% year-on-
year. The EBITDA stood at INR 32 crores,  which declined by 49% year-on-
year. The EBITDA margin stood at 4.54%, and net profit was INR 3 crores, 
while the PAT margin was 0.44%. 
 
Now let me take you through the quarterly segmental performance on a 
consolidated basis. Within our engineering division, we have now introduced a 
more granular reporting structure to provide investors with better visibility into 

 
Page 22 of 33 
the underlying business mix and growth drivers. Going forward, the 
engineering segment will now be reported under three distinct sub-segments: 
treatment solutions, industrial products, and lifecycle services. 
 
The treatment solutions segment reported a revenue of INR 210 crores, an 
increase of 14% year-on-year. The Segment reported an EBIT level loss of 
INR 17 crores, with profitability continues to be impacted by certain legacy 
projects. On the operational front, dispatches to the GCC regions have 
resumed and are expected to progressively gain momentum. Our focus 
remains on executing the existing backlog while continuing to pursue 
opportunities across emerging segments and international markets. 
 
The industrial products delivered a strong performance during the quarter, with 
revenue growing 14% year-on-year to INR 105 crores. The segment EBIT 
margin increased by 145% to INR 13 crores , while EBIT margin improved 
significantly to 11.89% from less than 6% in the corresponding quarter of last 
year. This was supported by a strong performance across the water treatment 
solutions and the Membranes. Going forward, the growth will be supported by 
the expansion of our UF membrane manufacturing capabilities, enhanced 
capacity for the standard plants and Systems, and an increasing overseas 
presence.  
 
The Lifecycle Services maintained its healthy growth trajectory, with revenue 
increasing 28% year-on-year to INR 72 crores. The segment EBIT  stood at 
INR 7 crores, an increase of 22% year-on-year. EBIT margin was 9.92% as 
compared with 10.55% in the previous year, Primarily reflecting higher input 
cost. We continue to focus on scaling our O&M and consumable businesses 
while expanding our offerings across retrofit projects, BOO/BOOT models and 
digital solutions.  
 
Across these three businesses, our order book stood at INR 2,473 crores as 
of June 2026, providing healthy execution visibility. However, this order 
backlog does not include the recent contract win of Hyundai of around $52 
million, which was announced post the closing of the quarter. In addition, the 
bid pipeline stood at INR 9,777 crores, providing a strong opportunity funnel 
for future order inflows.  
 
Moving to the specialty chemicals, revenue for the quarter stood at INR 230 
crores, an increase of 21% year-on-year. The segment EBIT stood at INR 22 
crores, reflecting a decline of 52% year-on-year. Profitability during the quarter 
was impacted by the geopolitical factors as well as higher costs associated 
with the Roha facility . As utilization of the expanded facility improves, we 
expect increased offtake from the Roha plant to support the business. Pharma 

 
Page 23 of 33 
resins and a higher contribution from process chemicals remain  important 
growth area for us.  
 
Lastly consumer products  delivered  strong top-line growth, with revenue 
increasing 33% year-on-year to INR 112 crores. The segment reported a loss 
of approximately INR 34 lakhs, compared with a loss of INR 45 lakhs in the 
corresponding quarter last year, reflecting a modest improvement in 
Profitability. Growth during the quarter was broad-based across key product 
lines, and going forward, we continue to see opportunities in the water softener 
market, wellness products and newer product categories such as the OTGs.  
 
Overall, we saw double-digit growth across all the five business segments 
during the quarter. While profitability was impacted by near-term  pressures in 
certain businesses, our focus remains on improving execution, scaling our 
expanded capacities and growing our recurring services portfolio, and 
capitalizing on the healthy opportunity pipeline across the domestic and the 
international markets.  
 
With this, we conclude the opening remarks, and we can now open the floor to 
the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Sunil Kothari with Unique PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Really great to hear a lot about the capability Ion Exchange is having and the 
reclassification of the businesses. I would like to listen something more from 
Mr. Patni also, if possible, his comments of this reorganization, reclassification 
and the growth we are planning to do maybe over the next two to three years 
after completing these challenging legacy projects and challenging time. So, 
some comments from him will be really helpful. 
Aankur Patni: 
Good afternoon, Sunil ji. You could have heard from Indraneel in detail about 
how we are trying to make sure that the company aligns to a lot of the upcoming 
business opportunities, sunrise industries, both in terms of how we are 
pursuing these opportunities, but also in terms of how we are adding capacities 
and capabilities within the organization.  
 
I look forward to the future with a lot of optimism. Of course, we have had not 
just one, but quite a few challenging quarters. As Indraneel mentioned, that 
legacy project overhang is still not over. But we are trying to make sure that 
has less of a bearing as we build an order book of more profitable contracts, 
larger contracts, not just in India, but substantially outside.  

 
Page 24 of 33 
 
The portfolio of products, services, specialty chemicals, all of these are 
definitely going to be driving a little bit more on the margin side. We will 
continue to work extensively to increase our order book on the treatment 
solutions segment also. I think that continues to be, will be, a significant 
contributor to the top line. And I dare say our effort will be to increasingly make 
it more profitable and be a substantial contributor to the bottom line also. So, 
all in all, looking at the future with a lot of hopes, Sunil ji. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Thanks a lot for the detailed reply. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kaustav Bubna with Kamana 
Holdings. Please go ahead. 
Kaustubh Bhupna: 
So, if you could explain after all the capacity expansions in the specialty 
chemicals business, if you were to theoretically assume that the plants would 
get fully utilized, what would the maximum revenue potential for the specialty 
chemicals business be versus INR 868 crores in FY ’26? 
Vasant Naik: 
We had said in the past that we expect once the Roha plant achieves full 
capacity over the next four years, we should have an asset turnover of just 
under 2x on the manufacturing CapEx, which we are incurring. So, currently, 
our specialty chemical, as you just mentioned, is just under INR 900 crore for 
the year for ’25-’26. So, we expect a substantial increase of at least 50%  in 
this capacity over the next couple of years. 
Kaustubh Bhupna: 
Sir, how do we see this year going ahead in terms of the company bouncing 
back on profitability front? Should we expect quarter-on-quarter improvement 
and still not getting back to those double-digit margins? Or would the situation 
still be tough for this year ahead given the struggles you are facing in some 
verticals, expansion in some, et cetera? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Yes. So, I think you are right. I agree that the performance in the first quarter 
has been disappointing, and it is a combination, as you said, some of the 
legacy projects which continue to grind through. It is a combination of Roha 
coming up to speed as we go through debottlenecking and stabilizing the plant. 
It is also a combination of the current geopolitical situation due to which some 
of our invoicing got impacted. So, a lot of this have contributed.  
 
So, I think across the board, as the geopolitical situation improves, as Roha is 
stabilizing, I think there is a lot of work that is happening every day towards 
that. And as the volume starts picking up in some of these overseas 
geographies that we talked about, we definitely see the outlook improving. 

 
Page 25 of 33 
 
As we said, as Vasant called out the order that we got from Hyundai for INR 
500-plus crores, it was something that the team has been working on for quite 
some time, and I think we are very happy with the close and the overall profile 
and the profitable profile of those projects. As we get more of such projects 
coming in, we definitely see the treatment solution business profile also 
improving . As Roha gains stronger momentum, we maintain our view that the 
specialty chemicals segment is on a clear path to improved performance, 
consistent with our earlier projections. As our standard plants and membranes 
are able to expand  post the investments made,  we see  this segment also  
coming up. 
 
 The objective across all five segments is to improve not only the company’s 
top-line performance but also the quality and sustainability of its bottom line. 
Accordingly, we have voluntarily divided the business into these five segments 
to provide greater transparency into the performance of each segment. 
 
 Yes, the company achieved double-digit profitability at that point in time, which 
was a significant accomplishment. While returning to those levels will take time, 
we remain cautiously confident that we have a clear path to achieving this 
objective. 
Our increased focus on products and chemical services, while continuing to 
strengthen our treatment solutions business, is an important part of this 
process. Similarly, our focus on international growth and on developing 
advanced and emerging technology solutions will support this objective. We 
are working across these areas to restore double-digit profitability over time. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rahul with Stratton Oakmont. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul: 
With respect to the restructuring of the lifecycle services as a standalone pillar, 
do we expect an improvement in working capital velocity compared to our 
traditional EPC segment? And as this lifecycle services segment grows as a 
percentage of total revenue, can we expect some free cash flow conversion to 
structurally detach from this heavy working capital cycles we have historically 
seen our government project verticals? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
So, clearly, this is a step partly in the direction that you talked about towards 
having a less capital-intensive growth plan. And also in the course of time, we 
will see we can give some more specific flavor and color of those segments. 
We can speak about those segments in particular. But yes, that is the plan.  
 
As I said, we already closed a large deal for 20-year O&M concession with one 
of our large existing customers , Petroleum Development Oman. And we 

 
Page 26 of 33 
believe these will give us better revenue profile at a group level, because some 
of the profitability of these O&M contracts also will reside in our industrial 
products business, will reside in our specialty chemicals business. So, overall, 
a much better profile for the group. It gives us predictability of revenue, 
repeatability of revenue. 
 
Clearly one of the areas that we will explore is to also look at BOOT and BOO 
contracts. But again, that will also come with their share of some 
developmental investments. But overall, whether it is concession-based 
repeatable O&M revenue, whether it is consumables and spares revenue, 
whether it is rental revenue, these are all service models that we are 
evaluating.  
 
 We have a highly experienced senior leader overseeing our global services 
business. Our objective is to build this vertical substantially, drive higher 
revenues, establish it as a major strategic focus area for the company, and 
enhance its overall profitability. 
Rahul: 
And my second question is more related to the specialty business. So, as India 
incentivizes semiconductor fabrication and green hydrogen electrolyzer 
manufacturing, do we expect the demand for ultra-pure water and special 
membranes to scale exponentially? Are our current R&D expenses and efforts 
equipped to produce semiconductor-grade resins and these electrolyzer 
membranes natively? What is the total addressable size of this in the next few 
years? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
The segments you identified are indeed spot on, and offer significant growth 
potential. I am not so sure how fast only India alone can be a big enough 
market for us because as we are also looking at some of these plays in 
international markets , whether it is green hydrogen, whether it is ultra-pure 
water, high purity water. This is precisely why we are focused on partnering to 
access the right competencies and capabilities to serve these markets 
effectively. 
 
Building on the “India and beyond” positioning and the need for partnerships 
to access the right competencies, our view is that these segments will grow 
both in India and internationally. We already have certain capabilities in place, 
while others are being built or acquired to address the expected surge in 
investment in semiconductors and data centers globally. Although not all 
solutions are fully in place today, our technology and leadership teams are 
executing a clear roadmap to close these gaps and position us as a preferred 
player in these high-growth spaces. 

 
Page 27 of 33 
Rahul: 
What would be the total addressable market for this right now, India and 
outside? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
I will not be able to comment, but I am sure these are readily available figures 
that you can get. As I said, India has been a little bit slow post that last project 
in India. But I think there are, again, other projects in the anvil. And it could only 
pick up over time. I think it is only how fast it happens is possibly something 
we need to see. 
Rahul: 
That will be all from my side. All the best for the coming quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Norris Crasto with IMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Norris Crasto: 
My question is, with the softening crude prices from the March and April 26 
levels of over $100 a barrel to the current $80 levels that we are having at the 
moment, and our major input raw materials for the petrochemical monomers 
and especially amines, because in the last con call it was mentioned that there 
was a significant increase in the price of these raw materials. With the crude 
softening, I just wanted to know how would this impact our input costs for the 
upcoming quarters? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
So, directionally, what you are saying is correct. Any hardening impacts us and 
right now, while there has been some drop, at the same time, we have seen 
fluctuations as well. The geopolitical situation as we all know has been 
extremely uncertain. It is still  extremely fluid and fluctuating.  
 
But over time, as things stabilize, as the benchmark crude prices come down 
and settle down at a much lower level or at a level before the geopolitical crisis 
level, definitely our input costs will also start improving. We definitely see a little 
bit of softening, but it is still yet to pan out fully, and we continue to observe the 
situation very closely as we speak. 
Norris Crasto: 
And just on the UP legacy contract, in the previous con call, management had 
indicated that this should be fully resolved by the end of this calendar year. 
Could you just give us an update on where we stand currently? And are we, as 
you said, out of the woods in the coming quarter or the quarter after that or 
within this financial year? Are we still on track with the earlier guidance? Just 
a clarification on how many legacy contracts there are. Is it just the UP legacy 
contract or is there another legacy contract as well? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
First of all, I would like to correct the understanding. We have never said that 
the UP contract will be fully over in this financial year. We have always 

 
Page 28 of 33 
maintained that our effort, our teams are mobilized across all the locations, and 
our effort remains to close the project as quickly as possible. 
 
Having said that, it is entirely dependent on the fund flow that is coming into 
these projects, which we are all aware that has been severely constrained and 
restricted in the whole of the last financial year. We are happy to note that 
inflow of funds have started. There is some progress we are making. However, 
I think it will be far too premature to say that the project will be closed in this 
financial year. 
 
As of now, the way the funds flow are happening, it will spill over to the next 
financial year because there is a huge amount of work that is still left to be 
done. We continue to remain extremely keen to get this work done. We are 
fully mobilized. Having said that, we do not want to increase our exposure as 
a company to more receivables unless and until the funds flow happen.  
 
Having said that, directionally, the last three months has been positive for us, 
and we hope   this continues.,  
 
 On your question regarding legacy projects, we do not typically disclose the 
exact number of such projects. That said, apart from the UP  project, there is 
at least one other large  project that we are still working through, along with a 
few smaller ones. A significant portion of the work on these projects is complete  
and we will continue to  progress to close these projects . 
Norris Crasto: 
Just wanted to just elaborate a little bit more on this if you may. In terms of the 
quantification of this financial year and the next financial year, what percentage 
of the legacy contracts overall now that you are saying there is more than one 
legacy contract, what quantification would you say would be finished in this 
year, percentage wise, and in the next year? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
I am leaving the UP project out because the UP project is clearly government 
fund-driven project. There is no other issue apart from the flow of government 
funds. Okay?  
 
But leaving UP  project out, the other legacy projects, we believe a significant 
part of the work will be completed in this financial year, especially for the large 
project. So, we ideally want to close everything out, but at this point in time, we 
are saying a significant part of that big legacy project should make progress by 
the end of this financial year. 
Norris Crasto: 
Just a final question. Firstly, congratulations on the Hyundai contract. But with 
the current geopolitical situation going on and with the supply being in Iraq and 

 
Page 29 of 33 
this directly comes under the Strait of Hormuz exposure, do you see any 
deferral in the commitments or do you see this being on track? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
At this point in time, I think we just picked up the contract. As we speak, the 
kickoff meetings are happening. We are not directly supplying to the end 
customer but to an EPC, as we have already spelled out the name. We don't 
anticipate any delay as of now. However, if the crisis geopolitically continues, 
then there will be cause for worry. At this point in time, we feel good with the 
timelines that has been there in the contract. 
Vasant Naik: 
I would just like to add the contractual term for Ion Exchange are FOB Mumbai, 
so we have to hand over the goods at the Mumbai port. So, our contractual 
liability ends once we hand over goods in Mumbai. We are not responsible for 
the transportation. 
Norris Crasto: 
Thank you for that. That is all from me. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Richa Chowdhary with Electrum 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Richa Chowdhary: 
Sir, my question is specific to the Roha plant. You had previously guided 25% 
utilization for the first year of operation. Given the current geopolitical situation, 
do we still have the visibility for the same or how are we seeing that? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
So, we continue to hold on, ma'am. This is about four months of the year gone. 
It has been softer than what we expected. But at this point in time, we are not 
throwing in the towel. We are still holding on and working with our teams in the 
overseas geographies and with our plants to see that we are able to meet the 
guidance. If and when, I think by the end of the second quarter, we will be in a 
better position to come back and share with you depending on how we 
progress in this quarter, ma'am. 
Richa Chowdhary: 
Secondly, on the consumer segment. Now that the consumer segment is INR 
350 crores-INR 400 crores of the scale, at what scale do we expect it to start 
making profits and what is the optimum profit margins that we expect from this 
business probably in the next three to four years? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
So our plan is to see if we can break even in this financial year. That is the first 
target for us. As and when we reach that milestone, we would be in a position 
to talk about what kind of single-digit margins we are talking about. But right 
now, our first objective for the team and the company is to see if we can break 
even with this level of growth in this financial year. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pratik Kothari with Unique PMS. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Page 30 of 33 
Pratik Kothari: 
Thank you again. So, my first question on the chemicals. Last quarter, we had 
called out the effect of Roha on the profitability, if we can do the same this 
quarter. So, ex of CapEx, depreciation, OpEx, what would margins look like on 
the chemical side? 
Vasant Naik: 
The impact of Roha on the chemical segment margin was approximately 6% 
at the segment level. 
Pratik Kothari: 
So, the 15 percentage points that we see decrease from last year Q1, you said 
6 comes from Roha. So, there is a material compression in gross margins when 
it comes to chemicals in general. 
Vasant Naik: 
Yes, because in the first quarter of the last year, we also had a foreign 
exchange gain. So, in the current quarter, there is no foreign exchange gain. 
So that impact is almost around 3% to 4%. As we mentioned that because of 
the input cost increase, we have gone for the price increases across all the 
customers and the segments, but there is a time lag in passing of the cost 
increases. So that also has contributed to the overall margin erosion. 
 
But as we mentioned, we are experiencing certain moderation in the input 
costs. So, going forward, if the crude remains at a softer level, we do expect 
some of the input cost increases which we have seen in the past two quarters, 
we should see a moderation in that, and hopefully some amount of margin we 
will be able to claw back in the current year. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Sir, second on this BO and BOOT projects that we kind of now, the Oman one 
that we won. Have we earmarked what kind of maximum capital of our balance 
sheet we would want to kind of occupy? Because the capital kind of gets 
blocked for a longer period of time. I am sure you get better IRRs, et cetera, 
but any earmarking of how much capital will we spend chasing such kind of 
orders? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Yes, we will not be able to share any specifics with you, but we are aware. I 
think it is a very valid point that you have mentioned, which is what I called out 
myself, when we talked, when I was answering another question on lifecycle 
services. So, yes, those are better margin profiles, but they kind of put us under 
pressure in a different way.  
 
So, we will continue to be very selective as we look at those projects. And all 
of those considerations, as you said, will be kept in mind as we grow this BOOT 
segment. There are multiple ways of doing it. So, we are exploring all possible 
options. But we would want to remain as asset-light as possible. 

 
Page 31 of 33 
Pratik Kothari: 
Currently, our lifecycle would be largely O&M spares, et cetera. I mean, we do 
not have material BO or BOT project there. So this 10%-12% margin for O&M 
and spares seems very low compared to maybe what others report. Can you 
highlight, I mean, what goes on behind this? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
. Yes — the reporting isn't strictly one-to-one. A significant share of profitability 
sits within our products and chemicals segments, so the lifecycle services 
numbers alone don't reflect true segment profitability The one-to-one 
profitability numbers of the company is significantly higher and will be 
comparable. This is just as a result of what the lifecycle services P&L reports, 
not one-to-one. 
Pratik Kothari: 
And then lastly, on this legacy. Has the cost overrun or the losses that we were 
reporting gone up materially from, say, what it was a year or two back? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
In a project of this scale, extended timelines naturally bring some cost impact. 
We're working closely with our project execution teams to actively manage and 
monitor this. To be clear, part of the headwind on treatment solutions does 
stem from cost overruns on this specific project — it's a large project within the 
portfolio, so it does have a meaningful impact. It's also worth noting that 
treatment solutions is inherently a lower-margin segment compared to our 
specialty chemicals, products, or services businesses. 
Pratik Kothari: 
And we don't intend to call that out right now, ex of legacy, what does treatment 
look? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
No, I mean, it doesn't help the purpose. The numbers remain the same. 
Pratik Kothari: 
And just to reconfirm this Hyundai order, this is nothing EPC in that. This is just 
pure supplier product. 
Indraneel Dutt: 
So, it is a solution that we are offering. But it is a lot less risky version of a 
solution, we would want to put it that way, which is why we feel good about 
what we picked up. 
Pratik Kothari: 
No, great. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Saket Kapoor with Kapoor & Co. 
Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, thank you, firstly, for the elaborate discussion, but I missed a part of your 
opening remark also. So, pardon me for any repetition. But sir, as earlier 
participant has also outlined about the path to profitability, if you could just 
explain to us, especially for the category of treatment solution, wherein I think 

 
Page 32 of 33 
so the legacy contract part losses have been booked. How do you see as we 
progress through the year, how are things going to shape up firstly?  
 
And secondly, for the UP just given project part, in percentage terms or in value 
terms, can you quantify what is the unexecutable portion and how much is the 
receivable from them as on March and as on 30th June? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
So, I will request Vasant to answer the UP portion, I will answer the first part of 
your question, which is, see, clearly on the treatment solutions business, these 
are project businesses. So, there is no easy fix here.  
 
I mean, as an example, a little bit of the past in case any of you have been 
tracking the company, we benefited from the great project in Sri Lanka that the 
company had done, both in terms of top line and bottom line over a very long 
time.  
 
So, some of these large projects do take a time to kind of get to the full impact. 
So, we are working through that on that legacy project. We continue to 
strengthen and improve our effectiveness across all parts of the EP&C value 
chain for our treatment solutions business. 
 
We continue to be very selective in what kind of projects we are picking up, 
and that is evident in a couple of deals we talked about earlier part of the call, 
including this Hyundai contract that we got. We continue to focus on looking 
for advanced and emerging solutions, high-tech solutions away from 
commoditized offerings.  
 
So, all of these are steps that we are taking to fundamentally improve the mix 
profile of the treatment solutions business, move away from commoditized 
EPC towards more where we can add value, work on areas around resource 
recovery, around new technologies in hydrogen, ultra-pure water, high-purity 
water. All of that is being done to fundamentally improve the profile and the mix 
of the treatment solutions business, which will play out for us to advantage in 
the medium to longer term. 
 
Short term, unfortunately, we have to bear the pain and go through some of 
these legacy contracts. So, that is, unfortunately, I don't have a better answer, 
a more positive answer for you, but it is a reality. I will let Vasant answer the 
question of the 2B part. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, if I may just squeeze in here. So, we as investors can conclude that even 
today also, worst is not behind in terms of this translating into the P&L. The 
P&L flow for this quarter at a revenue of INR 200 crore, the bottom line is 

 
Page 33 of 33 
depleted by INR 18 crore. Is still the worst of the pain behind us, or at least you 
can give what path are we going to glide going ahead for this category? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
To reiterate, a significant part of the project is behind us, though a sizable 
portion still remains — that's the extent of the quantification I can offer at this 
stage. As mentioned, our approach to moderating the impact of this project is 
to add more profitable projects to the mix, which is reflected in what you're 
seeing with Hyundai. As these newer projects scale up, they'll help offset the 
impact of this larger project.  
 
And on the UP one, Vasant will answer. 
Vasant Naik: 
The UP unexecuted portion is around 11% of the order backlog as of June. 
Our order backlog was around INR  2473 crores.  
 
In terms of the exposures on the accounts receivable, we don't call out 
separately on the contract specific details. But as we have mentioned in the 
previous calls, we are moderating and calibrating our execution in proportion 
to what funding is received from the government on this project. So materially, 
our exposure has not changed over the past few quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I 
now hand the conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Nikisha Solanki: 
Thank you all for participating in the earnings conference call. I hope we have 
been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. If you have any other further 
questions or would like to know more about the company, please reach out to 
our Investor Relations Managers at Valorem Advisors. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ma'am. On behalf of Ion Exchange (India) Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
