 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
IRDA Reg . No. 115 
          CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 
 
            You can contact us at: 
Mailing Address:  
           Registered Office: 
 
 
             Toll free No.: 1800 2666 
Sixth floor- Interface 16, 
          ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,              Email: customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Office no 601 & 602, 
          Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi, 
            Website: www.icicilombard.com 
New linking Road, Malad 
          Mumbai - 400 025. 
west, Mumbai - 400064. 
 
 
 July 20, 2026 
 
 To, 
 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip code: Equity (BSE: 540716/ NSE: ICICIGI) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of earnings 
conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2026 
 
This is further to our letter dated July 7, 2026 and July 15, 2026, please note that 
the Company had hosted an earnings conference call with investor(s) and 
analyst(s) on Wednesday, July 15, 2026 to discuss the financial performance of 
the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
In this regard, please find attached transcript of the earnings conference call with 
investor(s) and analyst(s) for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
The above information will also be made available on the Company's website at 
www.icicilombard.com.  
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
 
For ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
Vikas Mehra 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl. As above  
Vikas 
Mehra
Digitally signed by 
Vikas Mehra 
Date: 2026.07.20 
16:17:04 +05'30'

 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2026 
     July 15, 2026 
 
Management: 
Mr. Sanjeev Mantri – MD & CEO, ICICI Lombard 
Mr. Gopal Balachandran – CFO, ICICI Lombard 
Mr. Anand Singhi – Chief - Corporate, International, Bancassurance (KRG) &     
Government Business, ICICI Lombard 
Mr. Girish Nayak – Chief Enterprise AI & Technology, ICICI Lombard 
Mr. Sandeep Goradia – Chief Retail Business Strategy & Solutions Team, ICICI 
Lombard 
Mr. Gaurav Arora – Chief Commercial Lines & Motor (Underwriting & Claims), 
ICICI Lombard 
Mr. Girish Sehgal - Chief Health UW & Claims, Customer Service & 
Operations, ICICI Lombard 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 
 
2 
 
 
 
Q1FY2027 Earnings Call Script 
 
Moderator: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, a very warm welcome 
to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Ltd’s Q1 FY2027 Earnings Conference 
call. 
From the senior management we have with us today, Mr. Sanjeev Mantri - MD & CEO 
of the company, Mr. Gopal Balachandran - CFO, Mr. Anand Singhi - Chief - Corporate, 
International, Banca (KRG) & Government Business, Mr. Girish Nayak – Chief Enterprise 
AI & Technology, Mr. Sandeep Goradia – Chief - Retail, Business Strategy & Solutions 
Team, Mr. Gaurav Arora – Chief Commercial Lines & Motor (Underwriting & Claims), 
and Mr. Girish Sehgal  - Chief Health UW & Claims, Customer Service & Operations. 
Please note that any statements, comments are made in today's call that may look like 
forward looking statements are based on information presently available to the 
management and do not constitute an indication of any future performance as future 
involves risks and uncertainties which could cause results to defer materially from the 
current views being expressed. As a reminder all participants’ lines will be in the listen 
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone phone. 
I 
now 
hand 
the 
conference 
over 
to 
Mr. 
Sanjeev 
Mantri 
– 
MD 
& 
CEO, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited. Thank you and over to you, 
Sir. 
Sanjeev Mantri: Good evening to each one of you. Thank you for joining the earnings 
conference call of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited for Q1 FY2027.  
I would like to commence with an overview of the economic and industry trends which 
have shaped the operating environment over the past few months, coupled with 
insights on our company performance and our key initiatives. Following that, our Chief 
Financial Ofﬁcer Mr. Gopal Balachandran, will take you through the Company’s 
ﬁnancial performance for the period ended Q1 FY2027.  

 
 
3 
 
 
 
The domestic economic momentum remained steady, with real GDP expanding by 
7.8% Year on Year (YoY) in Q4 FY2026 and 7.7% for FY2026, supported primarily by 
private consumption and ﬁxed investment in spite of a challenging global 
environment.  
 
Moving into Q1 FY2027, high-frequency indicators point to sustained economic 
momentum despite geopolitical and trade-related uncertainties. Consumption 
remained resilient, reﬂected by growth in passenger vehicle sales, aided by GST-led 
affordability gains, higher spending ability after a healthy harvest season and 
conducive ﬁnancing conditions. GST collections remained healthy, while advance-tax 
collections recorded strong double-digit growth, indicating continued momentum in 
economic activity. 
 
India has recorded the highest ever ﬁrst quarter retail vehicle sales of 7.8 million, which 
is indicative of the favourable demand factors.  
 
Furthermore, as per data from VAHAN, passenger vehicle registrations increased by 
21.3% year-on-year, two-wheeler registrations grew by 13.8% and commercial 
vehicles reported a growth of 14.1%. Rural markets remained strong, with tractors 
also witnessing healthy demand reporting a growth of 21.8%.  
Bank credit growth remained strong during the quarter, with overall credit expanding 
mid –teens year-on-year. The latest available sectoral data indicate broad-based 
ﬁnancing demand, with credit to large corporates improving and MSME loans also 
growing at over 20%. Services sector growth was supported by strong lending to 
NBFCs, commercial real estate and trade, while vehicle loans also recorded healthy 
growth. These trends point to sustained momentum across business investment, 
ﬁnancial intermediation and household demand. 
 
India’s sound macroeconomic fundamentals and resilient domestic ﬁnancial system 
provide buffers against external shocks. However, the impact of El Nino conditions on 
the monsoon and continuing geopolitical tensions are risks which may inﬂuence 
growth momentum. 

 
 
4 
 
 
 
I will now talk about a recent judgement delivered on June 11, 2026 by the Honourable 
Supreme Court of India which has recognised the economic value of unpaid domestic 
work performed by homemakers while determining compensation under the Motor 
Vehicles Act. This judgement provides for compensation under a distinct head, “Loss 
of Domestic Care,” based on a monthly income of ₹ 30,000, with periodic increases to 
reﬂect inﬂation and socio-economic changes. Based on a preliminary assessment of 
the impact of this judgement, the Motor TP loss ratio of the industry is expected to 
increase in the range of 12% to 15%. Given the signiﬁcance of the Judgement 
impacting Motor TP portfolio of the industry, an upward revision of Motor TP premium 
rates becomes both necessary and urgent in order to restore premium adequacy.  That 
being said, the General Insurance Council has also ﬁled a revision petition seeking 
review of the order. 
Keeping with our prudent and conservative reserving practices, the Company has 
made an assessment of the impact of the judgement on its Motor TP portfolio and has 
made the requisite provisions in its ﬁnancials for Q1 FY2027. Gopal, will cover the 
speciﬁcs when he speaks on the ﬁnancials later.  
Let me now dwell upon the industry performance for the quarter ended June 30, 2026.  
The General Insurance Industry reported a Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) 
growth of 10.9% for the period Q1FY2027.  
 
Speaking of specific segments within the industry: 
• The Commercial segment reported a de-growth of 8.6% in Q1 FY2027, driven by 
signiﬁcant pricing pressure, particularly in the Fire insurance business. As we had 
indicated during our last investor call, the April renewal cycle witnessed exceptional 
competitive pricing, with rate reductions being the sharpest at the beginning of the 
quarter. This resulted in an overall de-growth of 27.8% in the Fire line of business 
during the referred period Q1FY2027. 
 
While the Competitive intensity remained elevated, for June 2026, the overall de-
growth was 22.5% in the ﬁre line of business, better than the preceding months in 
Quarter 1. 

 
 
5 
 
 
 
• As articulated in my opening remarks, the motor segment has seen good tailwinds 
since September 2025. The growth for the segment stood at a healthy 13.9% for 
Q1 FY2027 vis-à-vis 8.7% in Q1FY2026 & 10.0% in Q4FY2026.  
• Health continues to be the fastest-growing segment for the GI industry and has 
contributed 47.3% of the overall insurance premium for Q1FY2027, supported by 
greater awareness of health risks and protection needs, expanding distribution and 
continued product innovation. The Health segment, reported robust growth of 
20.1% for Q1FY2027. Within Health Insurance, the Group Health line of business 
grew by 14.0% for Q1 FY2027, while Retail Health recorded growth of 31.6%. 
 
Speaking on the Underwriting performance of the Industry:  
 
Overall, the Combined ratio (CoR) for the industry, deteriorated to 117.8% for FY2026 
from 112.6% for FY2025. ICICI Lombard’s Combined Ratio stood at 103.4% for 
FY2026 as against 102.8% for FY2025, thereby demonstrating a gap of over 14 
percentage points between the Combined Ratio of ICICI Lombard in comparison to 
that of the industry.  
I would particularly like to highlight the resilience of our Motor insurance portfolio. The 
industry continued to operate in an intensely competitive environment during FY2026, 
placing signiﬁcant pressure on underwriting proﬁtability. Consequently, the industry-
combined ratio for the Motor segment deteriorated to 128.0% in FY2026 from 123.7% 
in FY2025. 
Against this backdrop, ICICI Lombard’s Motor combined ratio moved marginally to 
106.6% in FY2026 from 105.3% in FY2025, reﬂecting the strength of our underwriting 
and portfolio management capabilities. Importantly, we maintained our market 
leadership during the year without compromising underwriting quality.  
As a result, the differential between the industry’s combined ratio and ours widened 
to 21.4% in FY2026 from 18.4% in FY2025.  
Furthermore, an aspect which is noteworthy from a long term perspective is that if we 
look at the period since COVID, this differential outperformance between the Industry 

 
 
6 
 
 
 
and ICICI Lombard Combined Ratios for Motor insurance stood at 10.3% in FY2020 
which has further widened to 21.4% in FY2026. This sustained outperformance 
reﬂects the effectiveness of our risk selection, pricing and claims management 
practices, and reinforces the strength of our operating model. 
I will now proceed to present our Company’s performance across key business 
segments for Q1FY2027. 
 
The Company reported a growth of 7.5% in Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI), for 
Q1FY2027, compared to the industry growth of 10.9% for the same period. 
   
• Within our commercial lines segment, we have maintained a disciplined and 
calibrated approach, focusing our growth exclusively on segments which align with 
our core risk management principles. Given the extreme levels of competitive 
intensity, we witnessed a de-growth of 13.8% for the period ended Q1FY2027 in 
this segment. 
 
While we continue to manage our large corporate portfolio through adequate risk 
governance, we have increased our focus on the SME in commercial lines segment, 
leveraging our distribution scale. Consequent to this, our proportion of SME 
business, in the commercial lines segment, has increased to 33.6% in Q1FY2027 
from 28.4% in Q1FY2026. 
 
We had leadership position in the Engineering and Marine Cargo lines of business 
for Q1FY2027. 
 
• In the Motor segment, we grew in line with the industry at 14.0%, thereby 
maintaining our market leadership position with a market share of 10.5%.  Our 
growth in new vehicle sales, at 33.6% on a unit basis, signiﬁcantly outperformed the 
industry growth of 14.9%. 
 
Our portfolio mix for Private Car, Two-wheeler and Commercial Vehicle stood at 
49.8%, 28.7% and 21.5% respectively, for Q1FY2027. 
 

 
 
7 
 
 
 
• In the Health segment, for Q1FY2027, we grew by 24.9% as against the industry 
growth of 20.1%,  
 
o Our Retail Health business, continued to demonstrate strong growth of 69.5% 
for Q1FY2027, signiﬁcantly outpacing the industry growth of 31.6% for 
Q1FY2027. Consequently, our market share has improved to 4.5% in Q1FY2027 
from 3.5% in Q1FY2026. I am pleased to share that our contribution from long 
term book in new retail health business continues to gain traction and stood at 
53.4% for Q1FY2027 vis-à-vis 31.8% for Q1FY2026. 
 
o The Group Health segment recorded a growth of 16.3% for Q1FY2027, with our 
market share being 10.3% for Q1FY2027 compared to 10.1% for Q1 FY2026.  
Our commitment to proﬁtable growth has been consistent over the years. Although 
market dynamics may affect results in certain quarters, we remain well-positioned to 
manage cyclical ﬂuctuations and deliver long-term value. 
 
Our ‘One IL, One Team’ philosophy continues to foster collaboration and operational 
excellence, enabling a uniﬁed approach across the organization. As part of this 
philosophy, would now apprise you of certain key initiatives: 
o Our IL TakeCare app, a one-stop solution for insurance and wellness needs, 
achieved 22.1 million downloads as at June 30, 2026, reﬂecting growing 
customer engagement and digital adoption. The gross written premium earned 
from the IL take care app during the period Q1FY2027 was ₹ 1,545.3 Mn as 
compared to ₹ 932.0 Mn for Q1FY2026. There has also been > 50% YoY increase 
in leads originating from this platform.  The total number of health and travel 
claims serviced through the IL Take Care App witnessed an uptick by 
approximately 20% and reached 168,521 claims for Q1 FY2027 vis-à-vis 
141,116 claims for Q1 FY2026.  
 
o We continue to improve our efﬁciency levels in Motor claims. Our Preferred 
Partner Network (PPN) serviced 75.6% of our non-OEM claims for Q1 FY2027 
vis-à-vis 74.6% for Q1 FY2026. The sustained increase reﬂects our continued 
focus on channelling claims through high-quality network partners and 

 
 
8 
 
 
 
deepening network effectiveness. Our NPS score for Motor claims remained 
consistent at 69 for FY 2026. I would also like to highlight that, as part of our 
efforts to leverage India’s Digital Public Infrastructure, ICICI Lombard has 
started the use of the Account Aggregator framework in our motor claims 
process. 
 
o In the health segment, 99.0% of our total claims were paid within 30 days for 
Q1FY2027. For FY2026, we recorded an NPS of 73 for Health claims, 
demonstrating strong satisfaction levels and reinforcing our position as a 
customer-centric organization. 
 
o IL Sahayak has further strengthened on-ground claims support for our Health 
customers with our customer coverage improving over the previous year. As a 
part of their feedback, in Q1 FY2027 - 93.0% of the customers surveyed rated 
their experience as exemplary (≥4.5/5) highlighting the support provided during 
claims processing and assistance with hospital coordination. The number of 
customers assisted through the IL Sahayak initiative stood at approximately 
30,000 for Q1 FY2027. 
 
o Q1 FY2027 marked continued progress in our transformation towards a uniﬁed, 
digital-ﬁrst service model under the One IL, One Call Centre vision. Our focus 
remains on delivering seamless, intuitive, and scalable customer experiences 
while improving operational efﬁciency through technology-led servicing. 
Customer engagement remained robust during the quarter, with a clear 
acceleration in digital adoption. Digital interactions reached 624K in Q1 2027, 
compared to 214K in the corresponding period last year, increasing digital 
contribution from 36.0% in Q1 FY2026 to 69.0% in Q1 FY2027 during the quarter 
and further improving to 71.0% in June 2026. This signiﬁcant shift reﬂects 
growing customer preference for self-service and conversational channels, 
while also reducing dependence on traditional servicing models. Our 
differentiated service initiatives, which we had spoken about in a previous 
earnings call, have resulted in increase of our Call Centre NPS to 76 in Q1 
FY2027 from 60 in Q1 FY2026.  
 

 
 
9 
 
 
 
 I will now request Gopal to take you through the financial numbers for Q1 FY2027. 
  
 
Gopal Balachandran:  Thanks Sanjeev, and good evening to each one of you. I will 
now give you a brief overview of the ﬁnancial performance of the recently concluded 
quarter. We have uploaded the ‘Results Presentation’ on our website. You can access 
it as we walk you through the performance numbers.  
 
With effect from October 1, 2024, Long-term Products are accounted on a 1/n basis, 
as mandated by IRDAI. All numbers mentioned are on a 1/n basis, unless stated 
otherwise. Please refer our investor presentation for further details. 
 
• Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) of the Company, was at  ₹ 83.18 billion in Q1 
FY2027 compared to  ₹ 77.35 billion in Q1 FY2026, a growth of 7.5%, as against 
the industry growth of 10.9%. On an “n” basis, GDPI of the Company grew by 8.5% 
for Q1 FY2027, as against the industry growth of 10.7%. 
 
Our GDPI growth during the quarter was primarily driven by growth in retail lines. 
• Combined ratio (CoR) stood at 107.2% in Q1 FY2027 compared to 102.9% in Q1 
FY2026. 
 
• On an “n” basis, the Combined ratio stood at 106.1% in Q1 FY2027 compared to 
102.2% in Q1 FY 2026.  
 
 During the quarter, we have incurred two large losses under the ﬁre 
segment to the tune of  ₹ 0.63 billion, impacting the CoR by 1.0%. 
 
 As articulated by Sanjeev in his opening remarks on the judgement of 
the Honourable Supreme court impacting the Motor TP portfolio, we 
have considered an impact of ₹ 1.65 Bn in our reserves. This had an 
additional impact on our combined ratio of 2.8%. 
 
o 
Excluding the impact of the above, the Combined ratio for Q1 FY2027 stood at 
102.3% as against 102.2% for Q1 FY2026 

 
 
10 
 
 
 
• Investment income was at ₹ 11.74 billion in Q1 FY2027 as against ₹ 12.88 billion 
in Q1 FY2026.  
 
o Our capital gains (net of impairment on investment assets) stood at                       
₹ 1.83 billion in Q1 FY2027 compared to ₹ 3.80 billion in Q1 FY2026 
o On the investments side, during the quarter, the overall debt portfolio 
yield increased to 7.58% (for FY2026: 7.46%) and the portfolio duration 
increased to 5.53 years (for FY2026: 5.13 years) 
 
• Proﬁt before tax (PBT) de-grew by 46.1% to  ₹ 5.36 billion in Q1 FY2027 compared 
to ₹ 9.94 billion in Q1 FY2026. 
 
• Consequently, Proﬁt after tax (PAT) de-grew by 46.0% to ₹ 4.03 billion in Q1 
FY2027 compared to ₹ 7.47 billion in Q1 FY2026.  
 
o Excluding the impact of the two large losses in Fire segment and the 
judgement of the Honourable Supreme Court on the Motor TP portfolio, 
the PAT de-grew by 23.0% and stood at ₹ 5.75 billion in Q1 FY2027.  
 
• Return on Average Equity (ROAE) was at 9.6% in Q1 FY2027 compared to 20.5% 
in Q1 FY2026.  
 
o Return on Average Equity (RoAE), excluding the impact of the two large 
losses in Fire segment and the judgement of the Honourable Supreme 
Court on the Motor TP portfolio, was 13.6%. 
 
• Solvency ratio was at 2.71x as at June 30, 2026 as against 2.67x as at March 31, 
2026 which was higher than the minimum regulatory requirement of 1.50x.  
As I conclude, I would like to re-assure that we remain focused on our strategy of 
driving proﬁtable growth and sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders, while 
ensuring that the interest of the industry and our policyholders is at the forefront.   
 
 Thank you. 

 
 
11 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and-
answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Sanketh 
Godha with Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
 
Sanketh Godha: 
Yes, thank you. Thank you for the opportunity. So, my first question is 
on this TP reserve itself. So, this ₹ 165 crore what you provided is only 
for the business what you have done in 1Q. So, which means this ₹ 165 
crore kind of a number, if you do the same amount of business every 
quarter, will be a repeat number, just to want a clarification on that 
side. And given the judgement is retrospective, so for the back book, 
did you provide anything with respect to the Supreme Court judgement 
or do you think MAD is good enough to take care of that amount? 
 
Gopal  
Balachandran:       Yes, thanks, Sanketh.  
 
And before I kind of answer on the specifics, let me just put this in 
context. I think when you look at Motor third-party as a book, as what 
we have always been saying, has been a book which obviously exhibits 
a long tail of claims development over years. And then, of course, we 
have also seen that this part of the portfolio typically gets influenced 
by what you get to see as judgements coming in from courts at 
different points of time. And this is right through the years since we all 
have been in operations. Over the years, I think we have obviously seen 
various judgements coming in from time to time, which has kind of 
possibly laid down what should be the norms so far as settlement of 
Motor third-party claims liability is concerned. 
 
So, therefore, to that extent, any judgement coming in from, in this case, 
the highest court of India, I think we have seen also in the past when 
some of these judgements have come at different points of time, way 
back, if I remember it, going back to let us say 2008, 2009. And very 
recently, since we listed, some of you may recollect, we also had a 
couple of Supreme Court judgements coming through in 2021, more so 
in Quarter 4 of that year. Even at that point of time, I think what we 
have kind of largely done is, which we have again spoken about our 
reserving approach. 
 

 
 
12 
 
 
 
In general, I think what we generally factor in is to be prudent and 
conservative whenever such events come to light. And that is the 
reason why we always say that Motor TP in specific always has to be 
kind of looked at with a lens of conservatism in terms of reserving that 
you carry. And that is also reflected if you will see our specific reserving 
triangle disclosure outcomes in the context of Motor third-party over 
years. 
 
So, in the light of that, I think pretty much similar thought process is 
what we have exhibited when you look at even for the Quarter 1, that 
is when we have seen this judgement coming through in the month of 
June. So, we have continued to follow prudence. We have continued to 
exhibit conservatism in so far as the outcome of this judgement, as we 
expect, as a preliminary assessment at this point of time. 
 
As we also mentioned in the opening transcript, I think at this point of 
time, the General Insurance Council has also kind of filed a revision 
petition against the judgement. Obviously, it is subjudice at this point 
of time. And obviously, we will wait and see in terms of how the impact 
plays out. 
 
So, therefore, to the first question of yours, in terms of how do we see 
the impact of this play through in the subsequent quarters, I think we 
will also be influenced by in terms of what do we see as an outcome of 
maybe the revision petition, that is one. Second, I think we have also 
been kind of talking through in so far as the entire industry is 
concerned. This is a market impacting event. And therefore, to that 
extent, I think we have also been kind of talking about clear need for a 
revision in the Motor third-party pricing. So, hence, to that extent, I think 
obviously, this will suitably get represented through the industry body 
and hence, which is why again, we put that also as a part of the 
opening transcript to say that therefore, there is clearly a need for a 
revision in third-party price change. So, again, that is another factor in 
terms of how things will possibly play out when you look at the portfolio 
that you kind of write for the future. 
 
And the third, in general, when you look at not specific again, in the 
context of this judgement alone, Sanketh, I think even otherwise, I think 
when you look at there, as we always have said that there are always 

 
 
13 
 
 
 
ways through which you can always kind of create efficiencies in 
managing the overall motor book. And that will be true even for the 
third-party portfolio as well. So, hence, again, there is an element of 
variability that gets attached. So, therefore, it will be too difficult for us 
to really say that whether nothing is going to happen in so far as the 
future quarters are concerned and therefore, will you continue to see 
the same impact for the subsequent quarters. So, since there is a lot of 
variability, that is the reason why we said we will wait for how some 
of these events play through and obviously, to that extent, we will kind 
of calibrate what it entails to your first point on the future impact of the 
judgement playing through. To the historic book, I think obviously, 
Sanketh, I think when we have kind of called out, which is exactly what 
we keep saying, I think when we kind of provide for reserves, that is the 
point that I made, I think obviously, we build in for margin for 
uncertainties and these margins are exactly for reasons for maybe 
events which may not be unknown at the time when we are kind of 
providing for these reserving estimates. So, we have factored in, I think 
when we have provided for this, as I said, a prudent and conservative 
number at this point of time, this is a holistic assessment of the 
exposures that we have till 30th of June. I think this a conservative 
claim reserve of ₹ 1.65 billion in our numbers in Q1. 
 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, and if I may also add, see, this verdict has come on June 11th and 
we are barely a month down, really very early days, but it has come 
from the highest court and we have to respect the judgement 
whichever way it comes. Gopal briefly spoke about the fact that we 
have been subjected to multiple judgements and if you look back in 
time in terms of history from 2009, there was a Sarla Verma case which 
redefined the future prospect of Salaried Class, then 2012 there was 
Santosh Devi, National Insurance came in 2017, then in the recent past 
which you just referred to, there was Satinder Kaur which came in 2020 
and also in 2021, Kirti case came in. 
 
So, there have been multiple cases which have come in the past which 
has redefined it. Past book, as things stand, and we are very confident 
in terms of saying that our reserving philosophy is holding us good, so 
there is no impact. It is only the sources of Quarter 1 that we have 
taken, but I would also be candid enough to admit that the factors 
which Gopal has just covered, this is purely on prudency as well as on 

 
 
14 
 
 
 
a conservative basis, which is the way we have always conducted 
ourselves in  Motor and in particular this time we spoke about why we 
have been able to do what we are on Motor and what has been in 
summation our performance vis-à-vis the market, but if there is a risk 
evident, it is important that we call it out, but while that is there, we are 
also equally equipped to manage it and a multiplication of 1.65 into the 
next three quarters would be unfair. We will have to wait for the 
situation as it evolves, we also will keep you all abreast of what it is. 
 
Sanketh Godha: 
But sir, for example, General Insurance Council loses on review petition 
and hypothetically assumes there is no price hike for next three 
quarters, then is it fair to say that if you conduct the same quality of 
business what you conducted in 1Q, then this ₹ 1.65 crore is a more 
kind of a base number for every quarter? 
 
Gopal  
Balachandran: 
So Sanketh, I would again just kind of push in the fact that let us say 
there is an element of variability attached, which is the reason why I 
called out each of those elements before kind of responding to your 
specific point and honestly, we obviously had expected this to come 
from all of you. So, that is the reason why we will have to kind of play 
as it comes through as what even Sanjeev was saying -  just a month 
back is when we have seen this judgement come out. 
 
We will also have to see in terms of how ground level adoption of the 
order plays out. So, there are multiple variables which gets attached in 
so far as the future quarters are concerned and any which ways we 
will be kind of reaching out and obviously be talking to you in 
subsequent quarters as well and we will obviously keep giving updates 
in terms of where do we land. 
 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
It is another significant development which you are appraising, nothing 
more than that and we have taken that into the Quarter 1 financial 
because it is prudent and we have always been conservative, but 
beyond that it will evolve and trust me the industry combined is 128 
Sanketh. I mean you know that there will be things which will intervene 
110% to make it better than where it stands and if that is the case then 
it will play out over time. 
 

 
 
15 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Prayesh Jain with 
Motilal Oswal Financial Services Ltd. Please go ahead. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Hi, just clarifying this point again what Sanketh was asking. So, the  
                                 ₹ 165 crore reserve is only for the business written in Q1 or is for 
standing Motor vehicle business? 
 
Gopal  
Balachandran: 
So, Prayesh just to kind of again clarify I think which is what I kind of 
explained and I am just reiterating. I think we have done a holistic 
assessment of all the exposures that we have on the books as at June 
30. This includes not only just the book that has been underwritten for 
Quarter 1, we have also looked at the book that we have underwritten 
even for in terms of the exposures that we have for the past periods 
and I am just reiterating basis all of that from a prudence and 
conservatism standpoint. I think the Quarter 1 financials has a claim 
reserve impact of ₹ 1.65 billion and again I would just reiterate I think 
for us this is exactly why this book requires industry to make sure that 
they are appropriately reserved. That is very, very critical. Otherwise, 
you could end up in situations as what we have seen. The reserving 
triangle disclosures for pretty much many players in the market 
possibly reflecting otherwise and hence it is very, very important and 
particularly when sort of events like this happens, you just have to 
make sure that you kind of reflect the prudence and conservatism in 
your reserving approach that we have consistently followed and that 
is the reason why we also gave reference to some of our earlier 
instances. 
 
So, to that extent, this judgement coming in from courts according to 
us, I do not think it is for us, I would say is something that we have seen 
regularly coming through over years. The approach and consistency 
with which we have kind of dealt with it is what we have kind of 
reflected. Even in the past which is what I said when such judgements 
came, we did a fair assessment of let us say what could be the 
potential implications at those respective times and I distinctly 
remember, since I called out post listing in 2021, and all of you should 
actually go back to the transcript that exists and we had specifically 
called out to say that we have kind of considered for the impact of 
those judgements in the period in which the judgements had come 

 
 
16 
 
 
 
through and hence to that extent it is pretty much on the similar lines 
is what we have done even now. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
So, hypothetically if in Q2 you do not have any price hike or any reversal 
of this, ideally the loss ratios will normalize, right? Is that a fair way to 
think? 
 
Gopal  
Balachandran: 
So, which is what I kind of responded to even Sanketh's point. I think 
at this point of time, I think these are just initial days. I think we will 
have to wait and see how some of these variables play out for the 
future and then we will be able to come back and specifically speak or 
maybe start talking about what are we seeing as an update. 
 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
And also, Prayesh, one way or the other, if this is what the new normal 
is as you said, then the cost of acquisition also may change. It will 
redefine multiple things at multiple levels because at this juncture 
where the industry is, leave aside it does not matter where Lombard is, 
there is already not much of elasticity. So, even the behavior on ground 
will change. 
 
So, it will find its way but what has already got canned, which is 
Quarter 1, is what Gopal is referring to and talking about. See, another 
one was can it be simply absorbed, right, and nothing will happen and 
industry can be keeping it business as usual. We do believe that this 
deserves the attention at multiple levels. So, we have gone ahead and 
taken this call. But to think that nothing will be done on every single 
front and business as usual also would not be fair. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Madhukar with JP 
Morgan. Please go ahead. 
 
Madhukar: 
Hi, thank you for taking my questions. So, just two questions. One, on 
this provisioning, because it is retrospective in nature, do you consider 
only sort of the open cases or does this mean that even cases that were 
previously closed can be sort of reopened and you would be required 
to pay additional compensation? 
 

 
 
17 
 
 
 
                           Second question is, if we were to exclude the two major Fire loss 
incidents, what would be the loss ratio in the Fire segment and how 
much additional sort of loss ratio are we seeing on a normalized basis 
because of lower rates in Fire? 
 
Gopal  
Balachandran: 
So, maybe I will take in the reverse order first because I think possibly 
we have tried to respond on the third-party reserving and I will come 
back on that. So, on Fire, Madhukar, I think, so again let me just put this 
in context.  
 
So, just on the large losses on the Fire segment, let me put this in 
context. And again, this is not something that I am speaking only for 
the first time. In general, I think if you look at our approach to writing 
commercial lines, has been to kind of look at underwriting profitable 
risk selection. So, that has been clearly the thought process and that is 
also evident in that sense when you looked at the overall book on 
commercial lines or even if you look at Fire as a category, relative to the 
industry growth, I think obviously we have had to kind of let go market 
share. So, therefore that is the thought process with which we have 
been kind of underwriting the overall commercial lines book. Large 
losses if you ask us, the thought process is very clear in terms of what 
do we want to underwrite. Having said that, I think these were two 
large losses that impacted the book quite significantly and therefore, 
Madhukar, to answer your point on what could have been the loss ratio, 
the reason for calling it out is the reason why we kind of reflected on 
why we should be calling that out separately and that is the reason if 
you look at in general, Fire loss ratios for us historically, we have never 
seen a loss ratio in exceedance of 100% plus. 
 
So, that kind of speaks the impact what possibly what these two large 
claims kind of led to which is absolutely okay with us. I think that is the 
nature of the business that we are in. But if you were to kind of exclude 
the two, the loss ratios will be pretty much in the range within which 
we have kind of historically operated at. 
 
And if you go over years, again I say the reason I am not giving you a 
specific number is because any specific year can also get impacted by 
some of these events or it could be impacted by a catastrophic loss, 

 
 
18 
 
 
 
which is why over years when you look at Fire as a line of business, 
generally the loss ratio range that we have operated is between 65% 
to 70% on an average over years. That is the range. In some years it 
could be higher, some years it could be lower. So, that could be possibly 
the range within which you could possibly see the outcome play out. 
So, that is in response to your second one. 
 
On the first point, again the reason why I put that in context on Motor 
third party with reference to some of the earlier judgements, that is 
exactly what we also keep looking at as to what happens whenever 
some of these judgements do come from time to time. 
 
Does this impact open exposures or does that in that sense have some 
bearing when it comes to let us say specific closed cases? In general, I 
think what we have observed is since the matter has reached possibly 
a finality when it comes to closure versus court orders, I think those 
cases typically do not come up for a change. That is generally the 
experience is what we have seen. And therefore, to answer your point, 
it is largely confined to, as I said, some of the open exposures for us. 
 
Madhukar: 
Thank you. Thanks and all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rishi 
Jhunjhunwala with IIFL. Please go ahead. 
 
Rishi  
Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Again, going back on that Motor TP 
provision, I would like to just simply understand that if nothing changes 
for us from here on, assuming everything else remains the same, on an 
ongoing basis, the Motor TP loss ratios get extended or expanded by 
how many basis points? If nothing else changes, I understand that 
there are dynamics around possibly price hikes and other things as 
well, but theoretically, how much it goes up by on an ongoing basis? 
 
Gopal  
Balachandran: 
Unfortunately, Rishi, that is the point, right? I think because there is a 
lot of variability, I think to be honest, to say that nothing will change 
also is something we do not think is likely to exist. There will definitely 
be actions on ground, which is the reason why I said this is an industry-

 
 
19 
 
 
 
impacting event, and therefore, collectively, as an industry, we will 
obviously kind of see as to what is it that can kind of play through 
insofar as some of the future book is concerned. 
 
It will be a little unfair for us to kind of give you to say that nothing 
changes on ground when you look at Q2, Q3 or Q4. Our sense is 
whenever such events – again, I will kind of reflect back. I think 
obviously the industry has kind of come together. The industry has kind 
of made suitable representations, which is what is desired, and 
obviously then we have kind of seen the outcome of it play through 
over periods. I think maybe we will leave it there, and which is where I 
said this is not just the end of the call that we do. We will obviously 
kind of come back, and every quarter in any which ways, we will give 
an update in terms of where do we see things playing out. 
 
Rishi  
Jhunjhunwala: 
Sir, I understand about the future thing, but say for 1Q, for the business 
written in 1Q, how much the extra loss ratio was accounted for, 
because I guess you have done it for the retrospective effect, right? 
 
Gopal  
Balachandran: 
So, which is what we have kind of called out. I think the reason why I 
kind of spoke about the approach to reserving being prudent and 
conservative in general over years, which is what we have kind of 
followed, and at all points of time, even in the past, we have always 
spoken about when we kind of provide for an ultimate loss number or 
an ultimate loss ratio at the time when we write the risk, we always 
build an element of prudence, and that prudence is effectively 
something that takes care of any uncertain events kind of getting 
played out. So, therefore, to answer your point, for the book, which 
could be the past book, this margin of safety that we kind of build in, I 
think is sufficient enough for us to kind of possibly observe at this point 
of time a preliminary assessment of the impact of this judgement. 
 
And hence, I think what we have kind of largely considered is for the 
book that has been written in Q1, which entails that incremental claim 
reserves of ₹ 1.65 crore. 
 

 
 
20 
 
 
 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, you know, I think Rishi, and for everyone else before this, Madhukar, 
Prayesh, Sanketh, who  put this question, let me just give you one quick 
update in terms of the lay of the land. 
 
                          What is the concept of a Motor book? Motor book typically, you know,  
comprises of OD and TP. OD is at an industry level 40% and TP 60%. If 
you see most players, which are there, would have a book which is 
heavily skewed towards third-party, and the logic is very simple. OD is 
driven by high service requirement, and it really tests you because 
frequency in private car and all can go up to 25%. So, you are pretty 
much involved essentially. But ICICI Lombard, while being also a leader, 
has a split of 50-50. Our market share and our growth has been driven 
by efficiencies on the own damage side in a big way. And third party is 
just about 50% of our book. So, if you split the book in that direction 
and see how ICICI Lombard can counter it there are multiple ways. We 
don't want to get into the details as yet because it is fair to say what 
Gopal said that it is in a way to say this is what the event is. We are 
recognizing it. We are putting it across. Rest assured that there is no 
way industry will leave it where it is or ICICI Lombard will leave it where 
it is. And that's not why we exist here, right? So, there is enough and 
more that will get done in course of time. And also, as the judgement 
settles in, review petition is part of it. TP hike has been a regular piece. 
There are multiple things which are happening. It's a significant 
development. 
 
                          And we could have actually gone ahead with nothing and just spoken 
about it. But that wouldn't have meant much. We have gone ahead on 
a prudent basis, taken this call and put this right now as a mark of what 
it stands for. 
 
Our past book, as things stand, again, it's nebulous, but we are certain 
that can take the shock because of the MAD which I think Sanketh 
spoke about when he spoke first in the call. So, this is where the math’s 
is. And we do see it evolving in course of time. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nidhesh from 
Investec. Please go ahead. 
 

 
 
21 
 
 
 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, what is driving this intense competitive 
intensity in Fire? Is it deregulation of pricing which we witnessed, I 
think, 12, 18 months back? Or is it reinsurers' pricing which is driving 
that? And how do you see this competitive intensity in Fires panning 
out, let's say, from a medium-term perspective? The current pricing is 
rational or you think that pricing will see an upward movement from a 
medium-term perspective? 
 
Similarly, on Motor, we keep on saying that the combined ratio of 
industry is 120 plus, 128, but industry continues to remain very, very 
aggressive. So, what it will take for them to become rational in terms 
of pricing and the Motor side also? 
 
Gopal  
Balachandran: 
So, let me again just put this in context. I think if you look at the ability 
of players to continue to lose on underwriting is purely a function of the 
extent to which they would want to continue to keep writing business 
growth. And just on that point, when you look at again from an overall 
industry standpoint, and this is basis public disclosures, if you look at 
the overall solvency of the industry as a whole, which used to be 
roughly at about 1.75x at end of March ‘25, this number has come 
down to 1.56x at March ‘26. So, clearly, I think there is a significant drop 
in terms of use of capital exactly for the adverse movement in 
combined that the industry has experienced. If you look at again the 
combined for the overall industry as a whole across all segments put 
together, there has been an adverse change to the extent of 500 basis 
points, roughly about 112% to 117%. So, hence the ability of players to 
continue to kind of lose capital, in our sense, I do not think is something 
that is something that can be sustained. And this is exactly what we 
had kind of called out earlier. 
 
What we have seen and which is again all of you can see basis again 
public disclosures, some of the companies which went very aggressive, 
you can clearly see basis monthly numbers. They are kind of starting to 
kind of pull back. And that is again reflective in the month-on-month 
change. So, hence our view is that I do not think this is something that 
can be a sustaining one. 
 

 
 
22 
 
 
 
And more so with some of the earlier points that we spoke, the ability 
of the players to be able to absorb in the light of their ability to kind of 
where they are on solvency, I think honestly those players will have to 
kind of recalibrate in terms of what do they want to do. 
On Fire, I think in specific unlike let us say the retail lines, Fire is far more 
as we all know, it kind of requires scale. It requires definitely solvency 
and it requires a very strong reinsurance support. And more 
importantly, it also requires a great brand for to kind of underwrite the 
risk. 
 
And all of those factors is something that we have been able to have. 
And this is something that we spoke even in the April call. As in to say 
at this point of time, what we are clearly seeing a relative soft 
reinsurance renewals that played through for the whole industry as a 
whole. And hence to that extent, I think there has been this competitive 
pressure. I am sure you would have seen, Nidhesh, when you would 
have seen for Quarter 1, particularly on Fire, the industry de-growth 
was about 27% vis-à-vis that, I think we de-grew by about 32%. But 
just for the month of June, if you would have looked at, I think the 
industry de-growth was about 22%. And we actually had a comeback. 
I think our de-growth was about 18%. 
 
So, this clearly speaks in terms of the momentum that we are possibly 
able to see coming back. And that is also the reason why we also called 
out in some of the economic activity indicators that are being seen. 
Clearly, I think we are seeing a lot of positive green shoots play out. 
 
So, hence, whether we will see a similar kind of price aggression for the 
rest of the year, honestly, we do not think the same level of price 
aggression will subsist. Having said that, Q1 is obviously a very big 
quarter when you look at the commercial lines and particularly for Fire. 
So, whether we will be able to see a full comeback of the de-growth 
for the rest of the year may not be so. But definitely what we are seeing 
is maybe a relative reduction to the extent of price aggression that one 
has seen in Q1. 
 
Niddesh Jain: 
Sure sir. That is from my side. 
 

 
 
23 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rahil Shah with 
HSBC. Please go ahead. 
 
Rahil Shah: 
Hello. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, two questions from my end. 
So, first on Motor, how much TP hike can offset this pressure, assuming 
the government goes ahead with the price hike? So, how much hike 
can offset this impact? And second is on the Health side, there has 
been increase in the loss ratio given in 1Q we also had the GST benefit 
on the claims. So, what explains that? Yes, so these are my two 
questions. 
 
Gopal  
Balachandran: 
So, which is why we called out. So, once, again, all of you are aware, 
the industry has not seen a third-party price change since the last few 
years. And therefore, that itself kind of, as what we have been saying 
as an industry, possibly requires a revision of pricing. 
 
And coupled with, let's say, the judgement, I think, as what we called 
out, as a preliminary assessment, we think the industry gets impacted 
on its loss ratio by 12% to 15%. So, when you put both of this together, 
that's the minimum in terms of what one would normally expect a price 
change to get affected at. And that's something that we would expect 
as an industry to play through. So, that's one. 
 
To your point on Health loss ratios, I think that's purely a function of 
what we are, again, seeing in the overall market. Again, it is not 
something specific in the context of ICICI Lombard. Across the industry, 
what we have seen is normally some of these elevated claim 
incidences is something that we see in Quarter 2, because it's largely 
kind of linked to, let's say, some of the monsoon-related stuff. But in 
this, and some of you will possibly kind of refresh, even in Q1 last year, 
when you looked at the retail book, I think we actually had an elevated 
loss number. So, that was also contributed by, let's say, increased claim 
incidences. So, even the same thing is what we have seen even in Q1 
of this year. Across the industry, a possible increase in the overall 
Health claim incidences, and hence that's something that we are kind 
of keeping a watch on in terms of how things are likely to play out for 
the rest of the quarters. 
 

 
 
24 
 
 
 
Rahil Shah: 
Okay. So, just a follow-up. So, on the Health front, 2Q the loss ratio can 
increase from this level also? 
 
Gopal  
Balachandran: 
Again, it's something that we will have to wait and see. At this point of 
time, monsoons have not been as active as what you normally see in 
the initial month of July. So, we will have to wait and see how this plays 
out. And maybe once we announce numbers in October is when we 
will be able to tell you where do we see on the overall claim incidences 
for the industry. 
 
Rahil Shah: 
Okay. Sure. Thanks. 
 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Our retail indemnity book has done pretty well because we have a very 
good new growth that is driving it. And we have been continuing to 
outstrip the market growth as far as the retail indemnity book is 
concerned. And we do believe that we should have, we don't want to 
predict the frequency per se because we can only work on a proactive 
basis with our customers and see what best can be done. But we are 
very hopeful that it should get better in the progressive quarters. 
 
Rahil Shah: 
So, just on this comment, given the growth was strong and still we are 
seeing increase in loss ratio, so once, say, the growth normalized, then 
the increase would be even sharper, right? 
 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
One thing is, of course, on the Health per se, the growth staying the 
course for few last four or five years, we always thought it would get 
moderate, but I don't see that playing out. There's a bulk of India which 
is still not insured. So, that growth part, from our standpoint, will stay. 
And there are elements by which, if at all it gets where it is, there are 
price, which we can resort in terms of hike and economies of large scale 
can also play out with the growth. So, there are solutions to every 
single aspect of this. It is not that we have been tied down. The 
regulator has been very supportive in terms of creating a conducive 
atmosphere. A lot of work is going on at multiple fronts - hospitals, 
common empanelment, and the industry itself is involved on all these 
initiatives in a very significant way. So, we would see the convergence 
of all of this playing out in ensuing quarters. 
 

 
 
25 
 
 
 
Gopal  
Balachandran: 
Yes, I think I will just only add to say that, I think, which is what we also 
called out in our opening narrative as well. As in, on ground, I think 
some of our initiatives that we are taking from an ICICI Lombard 
standpoint, on making sure that the experience for the customer at the 
time of claim is superior, I think is what we kind of spoke on our “IL-
Sahayak” initiative. I think that has done very well. I think the customer 
feedback in terms of an ICICI Lombard person present on ground 
helping the customer insofar as the claim experience, I think, has been 
very, very positive. So, those are the interventions that we would 
obviously kind of do on ground whenever we see possibly slightly 
elevated incidences getting played out. And to that extent, again, as 
what Sanjeev said, I think, again, there are factors which kind of 
influence our ability to kind of run the overall book. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now take one last question, which will be from the 
line of Avinash from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
 
Avinash: 
Yes, good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions. 
One factual, this around ₹ 78 crore kind of arbitration tribunal award 
that has gone up, ₹ 78 crore plus whatsoever interest. Now, is there 
some kind of a provision you have for that, or will that charge come in 
Q2? I mean, how will that math work? 
 
And the second would be, again, I'm going on a Motor. There was a 
recent interview of the chairman where he was kind of categorically 
named the product like Motor TP, where there is no case for 
commissions. Now, if that is the view, if anyway he is taking, do you 
think that a TP tariff hike looks realistic? Because he is first saying that, 
okay, look, there is no case for a commission in Motor TP. So, probably 
on the commission, of course, today would be anywhere between, 
15%, 18%, 20% depending upon the different players. And related to 
that, this ₹ 165 crore kind of prudential, of course, now your reserving 
has been typically a lot prudent. As a result, we have seen kind of very 
strong reserve releases coming every year. So, there would be still 
some buffer, and you have taken this now. Does this mean that, okay, 
despite those buffers, you felt the need of this ₹ 165 crore that means 
the reserve release probably going to moderate from here onwards or 
probably going to be absent? Or you think that, okay, those typical 

 
 
26 
 
 
 
reserve releases or the prudence reserving that has been released over 
the years, that remains separate, and this ₹ 165 crore is the 
assessment for this? Thanks. 
 
Gopal  
Balachandran: 
So, let me go in the same sequence as what you asked. So, I think 
honestly maybe we could have covered as a part of the transcript on 
the arbitral award. But this is a filing that we did yesterday. 
 
I think if you would have seen the filing, this is not something that 
pertains to the latest periods. This is a policy that dates back almost 
about seven, eight years back. It is just that we have got an arbitral 
award at this point of time. And obviously I think there are legal 
defenses available for us in terms of remedies that are available. And 
to that extent, obviously, we will kind of do that. So, that is one. So, 
hence, to that extent, is this a finality to the award that has come 
through? The short answer is no. And hence, to that extent, we will 
explore the legal remedies available. So, that is one. 
 
Second, I think in terms of the impact, what has been awarded as a 
part of the tribunal judgement, obviously, I think, as I said, because this 
is not a new book, there are already kind of existing reserves. And mind 
you, whatever award that has been put out is on the gross basis. As 
what we have always said, I think we also do have appropriate 
reinsurance protection, particularly for addressing some of these 
losses. And hence, this award on the overall net P&L, we do not think 
it is going to be anything material. So, that is one. 
 
Second, on the point on Motor third-party, and therefore, 
correspondingly, could there be any factor on how the commission 
regulations could get affected at various segments? Honestly, I think 
we will wait for the regulator to possibly spell it out, as in terms of what 
their thought processes are. And which is why even in the April call, we 
did say that whichever form the regulator comes out with revised 
mandate, I think from an ICICI Lombard standpoint, we think they will 
be extremely positive. So, hence, to that extent, I think we will wait for 
those regulations to come out before calling out as to what could be 
the potential impact of this. 
 

 
 
27 
 
 
 
On the third part, I think, again, in context, there is no change in the 
thought process of our reserving philosophy. So, therefore, that is the 
reason why in each of these questions that were being asked, me and 
Sanjeev, I think we time and again emphasized on the importance of 
prudence and conservatism. And so therefore, that approach remains. 
And that is the reason why we have kind of taken this claim reserve 
impact in Quarter 1 numbers. So, does that, for any reason, change any 
of our thought process on providing for margins, etc.? The short answer 
is no. So, we should continue to exhibit. I think we will continue to follow 
prudence, irrespective of whether it is Motor third-party portfolio or 
otherwise. 
 
And as what we have seen over the years, our reserving triangle should 
logically continue to exhibit a favorable loss development over cycles. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjeev Mantri for 
closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, great. I mean, thank you so much for joining in. For quite obvious 
reasons, we had bulk of it driven on a particular event. But frankly 
speaking, we are very excited as a company. India has sold maximum 
vehicles in last quarter, and that momentum is phenomenal. And we 
see a bigger play for us as an entity on the Motor side. 
 
India is actually buying lot more Health insurance, which again is a big 
plus. And that is where we have been a challenger. And we see 
ourselves continue to stay invested and work along with all 
stakeholders to see how that business can keep going. So, there is so 
much of play. There is some bit of competition visible in commercial, 
but nothing is new about it. We didn't talk about it, but the reinsurance 
part also has to some extent played. And there has been capacities 
which have been made available, consequent to which it's gone where 
it is. But anything which is superfluously way above the normal or way 
below will have a tendency to correct. And eventually efficiencies of the 
organization will drive where they are. 
 
And that's what ICICI Lombard has been able to prove over 
submissions of quarters and years. So, my belief is that we are in a very 

 
 
28 
 
 
 
good exciting growth phase from a General Insurance sector 
perspective. And we are well-placed to make it work for us as an 
institution. 
 
So, all the best. We look forward to connecting with you all over the 
space of next quarter. And we are obviously available for any 
clarification details required. 
 
All the best. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
Safe Harbor: 
Except for the historical information contained herein, statements in 
this release which contain words or phrases such as 'will’, 'would' , 
‘indicating’ , ‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of 
such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. These 
forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties 
and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially 
from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These risks 
and uncertainties include, but are not limited to our ability to 
successfully implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in 
business, the impact of any acquisitions, technological implementation 
and changes, the actual growth in demand for insurance products and 
services, investment income, cash ﬂow projections, our exposure to 
market risks, policies and actions of regulatory authorities; impact of 
competition; the impact of changes in capital, solvency or accounting 
standards, tax and other legislations and regulations in the 
jurisdictions as well as other risks detailed in the reports ﬁled by ICICI 
Bank Limited, our holding company with the United States Securities 
and Exchange Commission. ICICI Bank and we undertake no obligation 
to 
update 
forward-looking 
statements 
to 
reﬂect 
events 
or 
circumstances after the date there. 
