 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 
NSE Symbol: SHRIPISTON 
BSE Limited (BSE) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400001 
 
BSE Scrip code: 544344 
 
Subject: Transcript of the “Q1 FY27 Earnings Call” - Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI Listing Regulations") 
 
Dear Madam/Sir, 
 
With reference to the captioned matter and in furtherance to our earlier intimation letters 
submitted on July 21, 2026, August 4, 2026 and August 5, 2026 regarding the schedule, investor 
presentation and audio recording of the “Q1 FY27 Earnings Call” of SPR Auto Technologies 
Limited (formerly Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited) (‘Company’) and in compliance with 
Regulation 30(6) read with Schedule III and other applicable provisions of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, please find enclosed the transcript of the “Q1 FY27 Earnings Call” on the Unaudited 
Financial Results (Standalone & Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 
2026, held on Wednesday, August 5, 2026 at 4:00 p.m. (IST). 
 
The aforesaid transcript is also available on the Company’s website and can be accessed at 
https://shrirampistons.com/investor-information/investors-call-transcripts-audio-
recordings/transcripts/.  
 
Kindly take the above information on record and treat this as compliance with SEBI Listing 
Regulations. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For SPR Auto Technologies Limited 
(formerly Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited) 
 
 
 
(Krishnakumar Srinivasan)  
Managing Director & CEO  
DIN: 00692717  
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
KRISHNAKUMAR 
SRINIVASAN
Digitally signed by 
KRISHNAKUMAR SRINIVASAN 
Date: 2026.08.10 17:17:58 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“SPR Auto Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 05, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KRISHNAKUMAR SRINIVASAN – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 
MR. PREM RATHI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to SPR Auto Technologies Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Today from the management, we have with us Mr. Krishnakumar Srinivasan, Managing Director 
and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Prem Rathi, Executive Director and Chief Financial 
Officer. Before we begin, let me remind you that this discussion may contain forward-looking 
statements that may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors. 
 
It may be viewed in conjunction with the business risks that could cause future results, 
performance, and achievements to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Krishnakumar for his opening remarks. Post which, we 
will open the floor for an interactive question-and-answer session. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Okay, thank you. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us for this Q1 FY27 earnings 
call. We hope you have had an opportunity to go through the financial results, the investor 
presentation, and the press release which are published on the stock exchanges and the company 
website. 
 
I'm really pleased to share that SPR Auto Technologies has commenced the financial year 2027 
on a very strong note and delivered an encouraging performance during Q1 FY27 as the  
company delivered a 51% year-on-year growth on a consolidated total income and a 27% year-
on-year growth on consolidated EBITDA. 
 
The strong performance is particularly noteworthy given the challenging industry backdrop, 
characterized by elevated commodity prices, supply chain disruptions, and broader 
macroeconomic uncertainties stemming from heightened geopolitical tensions. Moreover, 
commodity cost adjustments normally have a time lag of a quarter for regularization with 
customers, thereby presenting a temporary gap in the margins. Even with the above impacts, the 
company has delivered a strong financial performance during the quarter. 
 
Consolidated profit before tax grew by 7% year-on-year in Q1 FY27, while profit after tax 
increased by 9% year-on-year. The growth is after reflecting the flow-through impact from 
EBITDA and contributed by higher finance costs to fund the acquisition of the automotive 
interiors and lighting businesses. These elevated finance costs are expected to be temporary and 
should normalize as the related debt is repaid. 
 
Post the GST 2.0 reforms, we are seeing a phenomenal growth in both the two-wheeler and the 
passenger car markets. We expect this volume momentum to continue for the above segments 
and also for the commercial vehicle and tractor segment throughout the year. 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
Our strategy to invest in technology and capacity ahead of time has really helped us to cater to 
these increased demands.  
This performance underscores the strength and resilience of our diversified business model, our 
continued focus on operational excellence, and the effectiveness of our strategic initiatives. We 
remain focused on driving cost efficiencies, streamlining the supply chain, integrating the low-
cost automation and digitization programs across all our manufacturing operations, and 
optimizing inventory and logistics planning. These initiatives are aimed at strengthening the 
structural resilience across the business and form the foundation of our established and growing 
presence in the auto components industry. 
 
We continue to build on our strong leadership in legacy products, while steadily scaling our 
powertrain agnostic businesses, which of course enhances the future readiness of our portfolio. 
In the legacy business, we achieved a key milestone during the quarter with the successful 
completion of the acquisition of the piston manufacturing plant and machinery from Sunbeam 
Lightweighting Solutions Limited. This acquisition strengthens our piston manufacturing 
capacity and also enables us to meet the growing demand for all our products. I am happy to 
state that we are continuing to win new programs for hybrid and flex-fuel applications from all 
our customers in the legacy business. 
 
The integration of the recently acquired automotive interiors and lighting businesses progressed 
very well during the quarter. These businesses continued to deliver a strong performance, 
reinforcing the strategic rationale for the acquisition. We remain focused on aligning the 
operating processes, leveraging cross-selling opportunities, and unlocking cost and operational 
synergies across the group. Post our acquisition, the auto interior business has also won some 
very important customer programs to fuel the future growth of this segment. 
 
The electric motor and controller business has been continuously exceeding all the targets that 
we set for the businesses at the beginning of this year. Also, the high precision injection molded 
components business has also witnessed a very significant growth during the quarter. 
 
We also continued to make a very steady progress on all our group-wide capacity expansion 
programs. These investments are designed to support customer programs, enhance capacity 
availability, and create a stronger platform for future growth across all our products. 
 
All our businesses, including the legacy engine components business, the automotive interiors 
lighting, the high precision injection molded components, and the EV motors and controllers, 
continued to perform very well during the quarter. 
 
The powertrain agnostic businesses now contribute over 35% of our consolidated total income, 
while nearly 60% of the overall business is positioned to remain relatively insulated from the 
impact of EV penetration. This reflects the steady progress of our diversification strategy and 
the increasing strength of our group. 
 
We continue to strengthen our ESG credentials through focused investment in renewable energy 
and robust sustainability practices. ESG remains a very strategic priority for the company, and 
we are pleased to report that we achieved a CDP B rating for climate and water disclosures. 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
We obtained our TUV certified sustainability assurance. We secured certifications under ISO 
14064, ISO 50001, ISO 46001, ISO 17029, and ISO 27001. We were also recognized with an 
EcoVadis bronze medal, putting us in the top 35 percentile globally on sustainability 
achievements, Dun & Bradstreet's highest ESG rating of 2 in India, and a CII award for corporate 
sustainability, further reaffirming our commitment to responsible business practices and long-
term sustainable value creation. 
 
We have also continued our journey of winning many awards from all our customers across the 
country. We have also got our TISAX certification done and are happy to state that from a 
cybersecurity angle, the company is well-positioned to be able to counter any possibilities in the 
future. 
 
Looking forward, we remain focused on disciplined execution, strategic investments, and 
sustained operational excellence. Backed by a diversified product portfolio, long-standing 
technology partnerships with global industry leaders, and deep customer relationships, SPR 
Auto Technologies Limited is now well-positioned to drive its next phase of growth and create 
sustainable long-term value for all our stakeholders. 
 
Thank you all for all your continued support and I am looking forward to taking your questions 
and request the moderator to open the floor for questions and answers. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Radha from Motilal Oswal Financial. Please go ahead. 
Radha: 
Hi, team. Congratulations on the sharp improvement in Antolin performance. So, my first 
question is, Antolin Global has introduced several next-gen interior technologies over the past 
few quarters, like electrochromic sun visors, cockpit solutions integrated with human machine 
interface, emotional lighting, etcetera. 
So, to what extent does SPR have access to these technologies today and how are they being 
localized for the Indian market? Do you see these differentiated capabilities becoming a key 
competitive advantage in winning new businesses with customers? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan:  Yes, thank you, Radha. We have access to all the technologies that are globally available and 
tested within the Antolin portfolio. As you all know, that we have already signed a long-term 
TLA, which is a complete licensing agreement. And we have all the solutions available. 
In fact, we are working on a number of programs with end customers for various HMI initiatives 
as well as the newer programs for headliners, the Imersa technology, and others, which has all 
been tested with customers and once they fructify, then we'll be in the right position to come and 
inform all of you with regards to all the new businesses that we are working on. 
But we are happy to state that we are working on all the technologies. All the technologies are 
seamlessly available to us and we'll be probably amongst the frontrunners to introduce some of 
those technologies which have been time-tested elsewhere in the globe in India with Indian 
customers. And we are already working on it. 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Radha: 
All right, sir. That's great to hear. Second question is, sir, Eaton USA has shut down its engine 
valve plant in the last calendar year-end. So, are you witnessing a boost in exports due to this 
and apart from this, what are the other key growth drivers in the export segment for pistons? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan:  Yes, so Eaton is basically mostly in the engine valve segment. They don't operate on the piston 
side. But as far as the engine valve segment is concerned, we do have the growth, and we are 
working on number of initiatives to be able to meet our customer programs. And the mobility 
solutions of Eaton has been now sold to Dana, as you might have heard. 
And we have yet to see as to what exactly the strategy of Dana is to grow the business here in 
India. As far as India is concerned, I think we lead the stack with a fairly good market share 
across all customers and across all industry segments. And we are fairly well-entrenched with 
most of our customers to be able to cater to their demands. 
Radha: 
Understood, sir. So, last question is, Takahata Global has a lot of products in non-auto, like 
office automation, measuring instruments, etcetera. So, are we supplying these components from 
the Indian entity to our customers as well? And what can be the scale of non-auto portion of the 
business in the next three to four years as compared to where it is today? And what are the delta 
in margins of non-auto compared to auto? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: We also make non-auto components in India. We already supply to medical industry, we supply 
to sports industry, we supply to music industry. But these segments do not have very high 
volumes. They are all low volume segments. And so that way, for example, the music industry, 
we supply the complete keyboard for some of our customers like Yamaha and others. They are 
not sold in millions; it is not like in automotive. So, it will be on a lower side. We don't normally 
give the breakup of this segment, but it's a sizeable segment for us, and it's a good margin 
business for us. Thank you. 
Radha: 
Understood, sir. Thanks, and all the best to the team. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Thanks, thanks a lot, Radha. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gokul Maheshwari from Awriga Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Thank you for the opportunity. KK sir, if I may ask, what kind of opportunity do you see for our 
legacy business once the CAFE norms are introduced? And does this increase our realization or 
a chance to consolidate our market share in this product segment? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, we are already working with our customers on the CAFE norms. And based on the new 
CAFE norms that have been released, we have already submitted products which are under 
testing and validation with the customers. And most of these products require a different kind of 
an approach with regards to frictional reduction as well as reduction of exhaust gases and others, 
for which a completely new technology has to be introduced in terms of coating and in terms of 
the piston ring manufacturing strategy. 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
So, all this has already been done. We have already invested ahead of time, and the technology 
is all available within our manufacturing setup that we have in Ghaziabad and Pathredi. And our 
engineering teams have progressed well with the development of these technologies. So, we are 
well-entrenched with all our customers. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
But does this increase the realizations for the same product which we were supplying earlier? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, to some extent, yes. Because with all the newer technologies, the cost is also more, the 
realization is also more. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Okay, and is our competition also following us by offering this to their OEM customers? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: I would say, that we are leading the game. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Okay, great. Secondly, sir, just on the M&A front, I mean in the past calls you've mentioned that 
you would want to look to expand our scope of offerings and look for M&As. Just a question 
given where we are in the automotive cycle, how are you protecting yourself, because the 
industry is doing very well in the last 12 months or so, and more specifically after GST cuts. 
And this could be possibly closer to peak sales or peak profitability from a cycle perspective. So 
how are you safeguarding yourselves when you're looking at potential opportunities over there? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Well, if I have understood your question right, you're asking me how we are safeguarding with 
regards to newer M&As and doing it at the right deal price and all that, right. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Right, right time and right price, actually. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, so we have a very detailed working that we do with our M&A team. And the M&A team 
looks at multiple angles, it’s not only the angle of multiple on EBITDA, but it's a very detailed 
exercise that we do with regards to the overall strategy of investment. 
And we of course take all the future outlooks in place, and we look at the current situation of the 
industry as well as look at the situation of how the industry is growing over the next five to ten 
years' time and then do a lot of forecasting to be able to take a decision with regards to our M&A 
direction. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Okay, great. Just lastly, in the non-auto business in the Annual report there is a mention of 
pistons for railways, snowmobiles, compressors, etcetera. What would be the contribution of 
this segment to our current business, and how do you see this business shape up over the next 
two or three years? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Well, it has been a sizeable business because as I said, this is a segment which is growing for us. 
And if I give one figure it will change tomorrow morning because it is a continuous growth that 
we are having, both in terms of the compressor industry, the marine, the defense, and various 
other applications like snowmobiles and others. So, at this stage to give any number percentage 
to this will not be correct because we expect this percentage to grow. It's a sizeable business 
now. 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Over last four years, I think we have grown almost at the rate of 15% to 20% in this particular 
segment. We have entered into various applications including lawn-mowing applications and 
others. And all this has really helped us to maintain our growth trajectory and also maintain 
continuous growth which is better than the market growth. We have always maintained that we 
want to outgrow the end markets. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Great, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Thanks, thanks a lot, Gokul. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vijay Pandey from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Vijay Pandey: 
Hi sir, thank you for taking my question. And sir, just a couple of questions. Firstly, if you can 
give the breakup between the plastic business, Antolin business, and EMFI, the revenue and 
EBITDA for the first quarter? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Normally, within the quarter we don't give the breakup. But you have the breakup at the end of 
last year and you can see that more or less that kind of trend is being maintained even today, 
because we see an all-round growth across the auto industry. Thanks to GST 2.0. As a result, we 
see that the end markets are really doing well, and we are seeing full growth across all the 
segments that we operate in today. 
Vijay Pandey: 
Actually just want to understand how the margin profile is looking for the plastic and Antolin 
business. I think plastic is around 18%-19% EBITDA margin and Antolin was at around 7%-
8%, so just want to see if this has improved in.. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: We have significantly improved the interiors business also. And that has come with a lot of 
synergies playing out as well as we have streamlined a lot of things with regard to the fixed costs 
and we have taken a lot of actions with regard to improving the cost structure of the company, 
which has really helped us to improve the margins. As of now I can say that we have crossed 
the double-digit figure and we are in the early mid-teens, I should say. 
Vijay Pandey: 
Okay, that's good to hear. Secondly, sir, the industry has definitely grown at 20% in Q1, but our 
like, if I see, our standalone business, legacy business, there the growth was around 12%. So just 
want to know any reason for lower performance versus industry? If you can throw some color? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Let me attempt to answer your question. Basically, if you see, the industry was also carrying a 
good amount of stock. We go by the manufacturing that has been done, not by the sales, because 
sales normally carry a lot of stock coming from the previous quarter. So, if you really see the 
manufacturing, the manufacturing growth has been in the region of around 12% to 14% and our 
growth has been over 16%. 
 
So, we have outgrown the industry even as we speak. And within the mix if you see, the 2-
wheelers have grown by almost 20%, the passenger cars have probably grown by around 11% 
from a manufacturing angle, 19% and 11% to be exact from a manufacturing angle. But the 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
commercial vehicles and the tractor industry have grown by somewhere around 7% to 8%. And 
the other industries have grown by something like 4-5% including the compressor industry. 
 
So as a result, you'll see a mix of all this coming into the end product but overall considering 
that the exports got affected because of the war situation, where there was a tremendous impact 
on the export side, and also because of this sudden rise in the two-wheeler and the passenger car 
industry, the manufacturing had to be a little bit tweaked towards the OE industries. 
 
As a result, you will see that the growth impact is fairly significant considering that we have 
grown at this percentage, which is better than the market percentage even after considering all 
these segments of the market. And I'm happy to state that we have actually satisfied all the 
segments of the market with regards to our supply. 
Vijay Pandey: 
And sir over last one month or last one and a half months post when the things have started to 
normalize in West Asia, has the exports picked up? So could we expect better quarter in exports 
in second quarter? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: See exports are still quite affected especially in Europe and in America. So both US and the 
Middle East markets including Egypt and others, Turkey, Egypt and others have been badly 
affected, and they have not still picked up and it's quite slow I would say. There are still a lot of 
ambiguities in the overall supply chain to what will happen with regard to a very seamless supply 
chain situation that we had earlier. 
 
So I personally think that it will take some more time for things to normalize. Commodity prices 
have started falling. It had gone to unprecedented levels. We have had to face a very 
unprecedented increase in the commodity prices, but we have been able to manage it and we see 
this now slightly coming down. So hopefully it should all normalize within this next quarter. 
Vijay Pandey: 
And lastly sir, if you can probably give us some of the technologies that can come up from 
Antolin business, which we can see over next 1 or 2 years, that will be pretty helpful. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: I think I spoke in the earlier question. Number of technologies on which we are working on 
including HMIs as well as you know the Imersa technologies, the technology with various kind 
of pillar trims, backlit pillar trims, the floor consoles et cetera. So, there are a number of areas 
in which we are working on. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Anubhav Mukherjee from Prescient 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Anubhav Mukherjee: 
Sir, this EBITDA impact of 300 million that was mentioned in the investor presentation. So are 
we able to receive price hikes from the OEMs to pass this on and any timeline by which we think 
our margins can normalize? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan:  As I said, this is an impact which has happened because of commodity prices and also the impact 
of our interest cost that we have paid. So to a fair extent that has been covered up already in our 
-- as you can see from our financial results, is certainly better than if you really discount the fact 
that we have had to pay the interest on our NCDs. 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 
If you really take that out, then you'll see that our performance has been really in line with our 
previous quarter's performances and we continue to maintain those performances and I don't see 
any reason why we will drop further. 
Anubhav Mukherjee: 
Sir my question was more on the -- not on the finance cost but more on the EBITDA impact 
because of logistics and commodity inflation. So do we need to ask for any sort of price hikes 
from the OEM or like this will...? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: I mentioned earlier that we have a back-to-back arrangement with all our customers. But it has 
a time lag delay. Normally there is a delay of a quarter with most of the customers, that's how 
the industry operates. And that's why what will happen is whatever is the commodity increase 
that we have had this year based on the average commodity price, we get the price increase for 
the next quarter and that gets covered in the next quarter. 
 
So we already have a back-to-back arrangement with all our customers and not only for this 
particular business, even for plastics business, as well as our motors business and the interiors 
business. 
Anubhav Mukherjee: 
Yes sir. And sir for the like motor controller business and plastics business, would you be able 
to share what kind of like revenue growth have we witnessed year-on-year in these two 
segments? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Well, last year we grew by double and I'm hoping that we continue that trend. I am pushing my 
team for that, but then we'll certainly continue to outgrow the markets. 
Anubhav Mukherjee: 
Yes sir. And sir my last question is for the auto interior Antolin business. Like do we have a like 
margin target that we want to achieve? Can we bring it to the standalone kind of margins? Can 
you share some perspective on that? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, we have improved the margins, and we have improved from the earlier 7%-8% that they 
were operating on to almost early teens. 
Anubhav Mukherjee: 
Okay. Thanks, that's all from my side. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Seven Rivers Holding. Please 
go ahead. 
Harsh Shah: 
Yes, good afternoon, sir. Sir I was referring to slide 8 of our presentation wherein it's mentioned 
that production volumes have grown by 22%. Now when I compare that with our standalone 
revenue which has grown at around 12%, 12.5%, so how do we reconcile it? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Normally the mix changes in the industry. Even all our end customers, if you see our, even if 
you see our end customers, the overall post GST 2.0 what has happened is the mix has changed. 
They've gone in for more production of smaller sized vehicles because the demand for that is 
more both in the rural and the urban segment. 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
So automatically the realization price per piece changes as we have those kinds of products going 
in more and you'll find that by value the realization could slightly vary because the mix changes 
drastically. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay, okay. And another was... 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: So what is important is to maintain the kind of margins that we want to maintain which we have 
been able to do that. 
Harsh Shah: 
Yes sir, another question is on the margin side. So if I look at the standalone business, now I'm 
comparing sequentially Q4 FY26 versus Q1 FY27. Between these two quarters our gross 
margins have gone up on standalone business, it has gone up by 60 bps, yet our EBITDA margins 
have come down, they've almost come down by 200 bps. So what explains that? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: That's what I explained, the commodity prices. You have a quarter delay in the commodity prices 
and you will see that. 
Harsh Shah: 
No, not but our gross margins have improved between Q4 FY26 to Q1 FY27 our gross margins 
are almost intact, yet the EBITDA margins are down by 200 bps. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: It's a combination of a multiple combination of mix plus volumes. And also the fact that when I 
say mix, it also means the mix of our overall business within our portfolio, the kind of mix that 
we have. So overall it shows that some of our areas of let's say aftermarket business and other 
things have, normally in the first quarter we always have a lag. In the first quarter if you really 
compare the first quarter of last year, you'll always see that lag. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. And sir last question is any update on the fundraise and any new acquisitions that are in 
the anvil? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, our team is working on the acquisition part and there is a lot of work going on there. And 
we'll inform all of you guys at the right time. As far as fundraise is concerned, I think we are 
progressing as per target. 
Harsh Shah: 
Sure, sure. Thank you so much, sir. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nandan Pradhan from Emkay Global Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Nandan Pradhan: 
Yes, hi. Good evening, sir and congratulations on a great set of results. So, I think just following 
up on the question from the previous participant, I think what we are trying to understand is our 
gross margins are intact. Sequentially our staff cost as well as our Opex has gone up. I understand 
there could be some impact from the minimum wage hike as well here, right? 
So just on that and also this other expense would include some sort of one-off expenditures since 
we are just integrating Antolin and do we consider this as a new normal or do we expect this run 
rate to go down as we get the synergies kicked in over the coming quarters?  

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: The overall mix has the impact. While the gross margin could show the improvement, but if you 
compare it, you cannot compare it sequentially with quarter four of last year because mix was 
completely different. So, you will have to see it with the mix of Q1. The mix of the market also 
makes a big difference. So, both the things come together. Of course, we have our normal wage 
increases that we have every year, which happens normally during the first quarter, 1st of April, 
and that has a small impact on the employee cost percentage that you see. But otherwise, we are 
well within the targets. 
Nandan Pradhan: 
Got it, sir. And sir just I think across ancillaries the wage hike has seen an impact and since we 
are also the northern region, are we, would you broadly give directionally some idea about how 
much the wage impact has been this quarter and how are we seeing the... 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, we don't normally give those internal figures. But the good part is that we have been able to 
retain the team. The team is doing a fantastic job. All of them are very motivated to work in the 
kind of atmosphere that we are presenting to them. And the team is doing a fantastic job. 
Nandan Pradhan: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much sir. Good luck. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, thanks a lot Nandan ji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Divyansh Gupta from Latent PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Hi sir. Let's say we supply X number of pistons to say Maruti on 1st of April, how far ahead in 
their production line will that be consumed? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: In their production line? 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Basically, for them to finally ship out the car, what is the time lag? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: It varies, it varies. Product-to-product it varies. Some of the product they, when the demand is 
very good in the end markets then those product goes within maybe less than a month's time. 
Depending on the kind of stock levels that they operate at across various operators across the 
country, it varies. So it varies from time-to-time, but on an average, you can see the kind of 
volume growth that Suzuki is having and we are going quite well with them. We have a fairly 
good market share. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
No, no. I wasn't specifically asking for Maruti, I just took Maruti as an example as a name of the 
placeholder. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Everywhere it is the same story. See on an average, the product when we supply, we of course 
do lot of things to supply them. There are also requirements that we should supply just in time 
as the manufacturing takes place. But post their manufacturing how much time they will take to 
supply to the end market, now that is a question that you have to probably ask the end customers. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Got it. Understood sir. The second question was just if you can tell what would have been the 
growth of our consolidated business ex of Antolin? I'm just looking at the numbers, and it's not 
margin or anything, but just ex of Antolin what would have been our growth topline only? 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: I think it's over 16%. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
And sir just last question, with the government trying to push in higher blends of ethanol, we 
have readiness up till E85 is what I understand. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
The question that I have is that what are the kind of conversations we are having with our clients 
and let's say the blending levels increase, would it lead to more capex just to support higher 
blending or current capacity can also support higher blending and how far ahead or far are we at 
this composition? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: See what happens is when the blending goes on a higher side, the product undergoes a change. 
Because of more water content and carbon content, you have to improve the kind of coatings 
that we have on the piston as well as on the rings. So, we have already tested all the products 
that is required by our customers right up to E85. 
Now the strategy of what they want to introduce into the market will depend on the political 
situation in the country as well as the end customer's market needs. So as far as we are concerned, 
we are ready with the products. Every segment of the product, whether it is for E20 or whether 
it is for E40 or E85 will undergo a change and the price is different because of the content change 
that happens. 
So with most of the customers we have already signed up, the products are all tested for our 
products. I don't know about what other products has an impact because of E20 or E40. And we 
feel that this situation should get addressed quickly and hopefully the customers will start 
growing their business. As far as we are concerned on the flex-fuel side we are completely ready. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
My question was a bit different. So my question was let's say we have to supply 100 pistons to 
Maruti. If we are doing for E20 versus let's say E40 or E85 to provide the same volume, do we 
need to do further capex as? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: It requires different kind of plating, and we have enough capacity for that. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Understood. That's all, that's all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Devesh Kayal from Boring AMC. Please 
go ahead. 
Devesh Kayal: 
Yes, sir just want to understand our gross margins on the standalone side have been around past 
two quarters have been around 56% to 57% versus what we have seen historically of 59% to 
61%. So, is it just commodity hit or any other product mix or lower export share or if you can 
just throw some colour on this? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: It is a mix of both the product mix as well as the commodity impact. Both are there and we have 
normally a gap in our recovery with our customers as far as I explained.  

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Devesh Kayal: 
Okay, so we can try to assume that we will see recovery in this part and it's not a normalized 
scenario? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Obviously we'll recover. We are not going to lose on our margins. 
Devesh Kayal: 
Okay. And sir what would be our gross debt currently? At the consol level? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Our net debt is around Rs. 550 crores.  
Devesh Kayal: 
Okay, this is as of June and not March? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: As of June, Yes. As of this month it will be even better. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj Kacharia from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on good set of numbers in challenging 
environment. Three-four questions sir. First is this Rs. 30 crores will eventually if I look at 
annual wages, we will recover this from the customer, right? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Normally it has a gap of a quarter. So we are hoping that it will get all normalized in this quarter. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Okay. Sir second question is if I look at exports, I understand the environment outside India is 
pretty bad in terms of market not recovered from the bottom lows, but if one has to understand 
say over next three, five-year kind of a horizon, how should one understand export play for us 
you know especially in the legacy business, right? Because capacity is you know market is 
getting consolidated so what are we doing you know if you can give some more deep dive you 
know how are we approaching this over a three-five year period. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: You know it is a mix of the end market that is happening in exports and also the issue of some 
of the people vacating capacities. As you heard in the previous question, Eaton has closed down 
some of their plants for engine valves in the US. So it's a mix of both but what we see as a 
possibility for us is that the end markets will recover because once the geopolitical situation 
improves it will certainly recover and the possibilities of markets opening up for us is always 
there and we are already working on it. 
So both the things seem to be quite positive for us looking forward. So I don't see any major 
issue. If you see even under the very tough geopolitical situation the whole of last year we 
delivered almost 2% to 3% better results in exports coming out of different segments of the 
market that we have been able to develop. 
Now that also was for partial of the year, so for this year I hope that we'll get the full year benefit. 
At the same time, we are continuing to grow into newer segments and newer areas and with 
newer customers which will really help us to grow the export business. So frankly I see it as a 
very, very positive side for us. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Okay, just one follow up on this. See technology partners also have their own you know 
customer base and you know market policies so you know when we looking at business say in 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
US or Europe, is there a limitation for us to explore and you know go and approach for new 
business wins in those markets or any colour you can give on this? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: We have had clear agreements with our technology partners, and we have always worked within 
those precincts of those agreements that we have in the previous years also. So whatever you 
see is always relative to the previous years and I am seeing that is going to be positive going 
ahead so I don't see any issue there. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Okay. Just last question sir, if you look at the Takahata subsidiary for FY26 we had seen a 
margin moderation and a PAT drop right, so what was what really happened there? If you can 
give some colour? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: It's a purely a market mix situation there and product mix also. So that always if you really 
compare it you have to compare it with the first quarter of last year. Don't compare it on a 
sequential. Because always in April we do have a drop in the mould sales and others, so it always 
happens that way. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
No, no. I was actually talking about FY26 as a whole for Takahata. So there was a drop in there 
was a margin moderation and there was a de-growth in profitability on a full year basis. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, it's purely a sales mix. I don't think there is a major issue on any drop in prices that we had. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Okay and last question was for the EMFI business. I think we have now commissioned the 
capacity and based on your earlier communication the capacity can go up to a peak sales of 
couple of hundred crores. So where are we in that process of ramp up and any colour on new 
order wins? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: It was only because of new investments that we have done in Coimbatore that we have been able 
to double the sales last year. And that's only for part of the year because we commissioned it 
sometime by end of December only. So this year we will get the full benefit of the full capacity 
that we have created there. And we are really progressing very well in the very first quarter itself 
we have done quite well. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Preet Pitani from Incred AMC. Please go ahead. 
Preet Pitani: 
Thanks for the opportunity.  
Preet Pitani: 
My first question is on the line of margin. Like we have said that of all the acquisitions we have 
done, we have translated margins from high single digit to low double digit and we are aiming 
to of higher double digit. Just wanted to know what are the margin drivers? Is it by change price, 
we are getting change price realization from the operating leverage or is it from some expense 
which earlier -- pre-acquisition they were into the place which we have removed? If you could 
give some highlight on the same. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Frankly Preet ji there are many, many actions due to which this starts happening and it is not 
only related to actions on the shop floor, actions on improvements on operations, improvements 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
on supply chain, improvements on some of the insourcing that we are planning, lot of actions. It 
has a time period for that and over a period of time you'll see the improvements happening 
further. 
Preet Pitani: 
Thank you. And second question is on the line of peak with our current capacity utilization what 
peak revenue can we achieve? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: See capacity is something that we continue to keep on investing. As I said we bought the 
Sunbeam lines, we got a fantastic capacity for pistons. So this capacity is a dynamic number, 
this keeps on changing. So we have to continue the investments and continue to ensure that we 
are able to meet our customer demands. So we are putting all the money at the right place and 
ensuring that we are able to meet the customer demands. Happy to state that in the first quarter 
we have met our customer demands even and have maintained a fairly good mix so that we are 
able to maintain our margins. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Everywhere we are putting in lot of money. There are capacity expansion programs going on 
almost in every place right from our plastics business to motors controllers to even our interiors 
business and also our legacy pistons business. 
Preet Pitani: 
Thank you so much. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun Arora from Safe Enterprises. Please go 
ahead. 
Varun Arora: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Sir my question is regarding Antolin India. You mentioned about 
some new wins. It will be great if you can give some customer-wise idea in terms of share of 
business. My understanding is that Antolin India was probably not investing prior to be acquired 
and customers wanted them to make certain investments. So now under SPR you've also 
mentioned that you've made some investments. So now can you give some idea in terms of how 
our share of business could improve with OEMs, leading OEMs? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: If you really see Antolin's business, Antolin have a fairly good market share with all the 
customers. And we have maintained those market shares, and we are seeing how we can go 
further. And as far as we are concerned, we have opened up all the possibilities to invest and all 
our customers know that. 
Customers know us right from the beginning, almost all the customers are similar we have 
contacts with all the levels of the customers even at both for our legacy business as well as all 
our other businesses. So we have a fairly good confidence and customers have a good confidence 
on SPR Auto Technologies that we'll continue to invest and make the right investment for them. 
So we don't give the exact figures, but we are continuing to invest and you'll see it at the end of 
the year you'll see all the details. 
Varun Arora: 
Sure. And sir on subsidiaries we've seen a good margin improvement. So you mentioned partly 
due to Antolin margins have come to early teens. I think our competitors are operating at early 
teens to mid-teens. So fair to say that I mean SPR I mean our profitability generally we do a 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
good job across the businesses. So fair to say that we can kind of get to mid-teens level even for 
Antolin? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Well I hope we can. So we are pushing the teams and we'll continue to see how we can make 
further progress on our margins. We have number of actions lined up and I think all of them are 
working, which is seen by the result, and I don't see any reason why it should not further improve. 
Varun Arora: 
Just a follow up sir related to margins. Our margins improvement is it also driven by the EV 
subsidiary or just Antolin like Q-on-Q margin improvement? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No from all the subsidiaries. All the subsidiaries have done well on the margins. 
Varun Arora: 
Right because the EV subsidiary would have got the maximum operating leverage right with the 
volume ramp up. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, Yes they everybody has got a good margin improvement. So, I must say that all the all the 
companies have done really well. 
Varun Arora: 
Okay. Thank you sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikunj Mehta from Magma Ventures. Please 
go ahead. 
Nikunj Mehta: 
Hi, Yes thanks for the opportunity.  
Nikunj Mehta: 
So just a couple of questions from my side. So one is that from the fundraise which we are which 
we have taken the board approval from. So I just wanted to understand that how much is going 
to be used for acquisition and how much will be used for debt repayment? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: We are looking at various things. See money is completely fungible. We already have money 
sitting in our balance sheet. So we do have plans for further investments, and we have plans for 
the repayment of debt. At the same time, we also have to continue to invest on all our businesses. 
So it's all it's a mix of everything and the good part is that it will be put to very good use and it 
will be put to the areas of growth and we continue to look at excellent business opportunities 
ahead and we are quite confident of using the money well. 
Nikunj Mehta: 
Okay. So just a follow-on question on this one: from an acquisition perspective now as we have 
moved over the last two years our acquisition sizes has clearly increased with the Antolin being 
the largest one which we have acquired. So how should we look at now going forward because 
at the consol level our size and scale is increasing so is there any threshold in terms of acquisition 
amount or the business which you want to acquire? Is there any threshold or something like that 
that you have in your mind? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, normally the acquisition has to stand on its own legs with regards to all the parameters that 
we have in our evolution. We completely ensure that it falls into the respective parameters that 
we check on and only after we tick mark on all the issues related to technology, future growth, 
markets, and so many other possibilities that we really fix it. 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
It could be INR 300 crores or it could be a INR 500 crores or INR 1,500 crores. So we can't we 
can't really go by that. The good part is that the company now has a good appetite and it has a 
good means of managing a fairly good appetite in terms of managing the M&A. So we'll continue 
to do that till the time we know that for sure we are able to service it well and especially service 
it for all our stakeholders. 
Nikunj Mehta: 
So from a balance sheet perspective is there any metric like a net debt to equity or a net debt to 
EBITDA which you would want that these are the thresholds that we will not cross this one. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: We have very clear parameters on that. Very, very clear parameters internally and you can 
always work out the net debt to the equity that we have. So, it's fairly very low. 
Nikunj Mehta: 
So is it fair to say that we would like to keep it at 1x as a on the higher side net debt to equity. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, it could it could even be lower than that. I don't think we'll ever cross that. At present it is 
only 0.2x. So, we don't see any reason why we have to even go up to 1x. 
Nikunj Mehta: 
Okay. And the last question from my side that you have mentioned that you are you want that 
the consolidated margins essentially should over the time kind of merge with what we are doing 
on the standalone side of the equation. So in that journey how much time do you see that it will 
be you'll be able to kind of meet that? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: You mean investment in the legacy business? 
Nikunj Mehta: 
No, no the margins in the consolidated level to reach at the standalone level. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: We are continuing to grow our margins. You can see that at a consolidated level if we are able 
to maintain the high teens, I think it's an excellent possibility, and it gives us a lot of opportunity 
within the group to do many things both in terms of improving capacities as well as in terms of 
investing for the future, in future M&As. 
Nikunj Mehta: 
Okay. Thanks, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ravi Purohit from Securities Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. So, two questions. One is on this SPR EMFi business 
that we have. If you could just kind of give us some color on what kind of capacities have, we 
created and what kind of product because when we go on the website of our SPR EMFi, we see 
products like axial flux motors or drone motors or electric marine motors. 
So, there are quite a few interesting products that are there listed on the website. If you could 
kind of because generally this business does not really get too much spoken about in our, you 
know, either in our presentations or the concalls. So, if you could just spend some time and I 
think we have commissioned a capacity like you had mentioned in December, you know, last 
year. So, if you could just share some insights as to what this business is, how scalable it is, what 
kind of products are we doing? How big can it be over a period of time? What are the industries 
that it is addressing? 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, see we put our electric motor and controller facility. We are probably one of the very few 
who make both the motors and controllers together. We have a complete line; we have couple 
of lines for electric motors and controllers. Electric motors standalone and controllers also. And 
as far as electric motors are concerned, we make traction motors, we can make PMSM motors, 
non-PMSM motors, the synchronous ferrite motors as well as others. For the two-wheeler 
industry, the car industry, that is the passenger car industry, and also the truck and the bus 
industry. 
And we already have products which are under various stages of validation with various 
customers. I would like to state that we have really grown very well in this, and we have almost 
become a very sizeable player today as a motor and controller supplier across the industry. So, 
we don't normally give the market share obviously because this is changing by the day. 
We are getting new customers, it's changing by the day, and it's really not right to give one 
number and then tomorrow say a different number. So, it's we are as yet not giving any kind of 
those details because it's evolving, and I am very happy to state that last year we doubled the 
turnover, and we continue to grow very, very fast in this segment. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Right. So, what kind of capacity do we have right now? At peak capacity utilization levels what 
kind of turnover can this business do and is it diluting? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, no. I'll tell you Ravi ji, if I add one winding machine the capacity will increase by more than 
15%. So, I can't give the capacity number. It's a figure which will keep changing as we keep 
putting a little bit of investment here and there. So normally we are not giving that because then 
that restricts our growth targets, and neither do I want to tell the team that we are not going to 
invest and for me, it's important to get business and meet those demands and we'll continue to 
grow. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Okay, okay. Because some of the products that you mentioned like axial flux motors right not 
many companies actually do it in India. So, I was wondering as to what kind of R&D work is 
being done what kind of technology do we have there, and what is the source of the technology 
for this business? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: We have a good technology partner. EMFi International is based out of Singapore. We have a 
fairly good technology availability. We have also tie-ups with Lingbo for our controller, and we 
are able to cater to all the requirements that is there for the Indian market as on date. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vijay Pandey from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vijay Pandey: 
Yes. Just want to understand about the capacity expansion which we were taking up for Takahata 
and TGPEL. So how is it looking and when can we expect production revenues from there? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Our phase four expansion in in Takahata has already started, and we are building up the new 
plant, just adjacent to our existing plant. We have another five acres of land which is adjacent to 
the factory that we had where we have got three phases of expansion already done. Now we've 
gone in for the fourth phase of expansion in in Takahata. 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
And similarly, in TGPEL we already have the two plants in Noida and in the second plant we 
have complete capacity available and that's getting filled up as we speak. 
Vijay Pandey: 
And these two plants will start generating revenues by over next two years or will it be faster? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. As far as the new business in Takahata is concerned, I think we are expecting it to start 
generating revenues by next year, early next year and TGPEL is already in process. 
Vijay Pandey: 
Okay. And if you can help us understand the key OEMs or key OEMs to which we supply 
because even in the EV business? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Almost on a monthly basis, we have got addition of new customers happening. So, it's very 
difficult for me to give any particular names and miss out the others which would be impacting 
my business. So kindly believe in us that, it's not that we are we have doubled the volume just 
by talking. It is double the volumes just by getting new customers right? So, we are growing the 
business and it's really going very well. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question is from the line of Gokul Maheshwari from Awriga Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity again. Just one question sir, just if you could comment on 
the Antolin business. How does our current business or standalone or whether Takahata or 
TGPEL work along with the Antolin business with respect to providing synergies or certain 
products etcetera, which can be catered by or providing raw materials etcetera, to the Antolin 
business? How are the operational synergies taking place? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, it's going quite well, and all this takes a lot of time with regards to approvals, getting the 
clearances, making the dyes, tools, and then getting the customer approvals, end customer 
approval. So, all this takes time, but we are progressing quite well. And already the synergies 
have started and the teams have started collaborating quite well. And the whole overall, let me 
put it this way that the integration of the team within the overall SPR management has been 
extremely good. And that's what is showing in the results. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajay Omprakash Ahuja, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Ajay Ahuja: 
So, my question is regarding the Antolin integration. Three years from now, what has to be true 
for you to say the acquisition has been truly successful? Beyond the financial metrics I'm asking, 
what would be the early strategic indicators that tell you the integration is progressing in the 
right direction?  
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, a very interesting question. From the standpoint of the management, I can tell you that we 
have four or five clear parameters based on which we say that it has been successful. I already 
say that it is successful because the integration of the teams has happened well. 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Teams are working together quite well, there's a good collaboration, there's a good amount of 
culture that is getting developed across all the companies that we have done M&A. We are trying 
to build in the same kind of culture in terms of how we work. 
And it's going to be more about people that I'm going to say because automatically then once we 
know that our people are all aligned, businesses start thriving. So, we are quite confident of 
getting that that happen. We provide a very, very professional management, and that really helps 
everybody to grow within the umbrella of SPR. 
Ajay Ahuja: 
Okay. Thank you, that's all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We take that as the last question and conclude the question-and-answer 
session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Krishnakumar for closing 
comments. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: I know we have overshot the time. I know that some of the people have also not been able to 
complete all their questions. I'd really request all of you to reach out to our secretarial department 
for the questions so that we can answer back one on one. And please do not feel otherwise that 
we have not been able to take all the questions because time-wise we were limited. We have 
already overshot by almost 15 minutes. 
But I'm very happy to see the amount of questions that we have had and the kind of questions 
that we have had which is really which really talks about how deeply people are really analysing 
the company. And that gives us a lot of confidence that we have great stakeholders who are 
supporting the business to actually grow. 
And we thank you once again for all that support that you are giving us and thank you for joining 
us today and for asking such valuable questions. We hope that all your queries will get answered, 
even if some of them have not been answered so far, you can reach out and we will answer it 
back. 
And thank you once again for the Secretarial cell and the Investor Relationship Partners at Ernst 
& Young to have given the full support. Thank you once again for everybody to have joined the 
call. And thanks, thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of SPR Auto Technologies Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Some minor editing may have been done for better readability. In case of discrepancy, 
the audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 5th August 2026 will prevail. 
 
