 
 
 
 
Regd. Office: Jain Plastic Park, P.O.Box: 72, N.H.No. 53, Jalgaon – 425 001. India. 
Tel: +91-257-2258011; Fax: +91-257-2258111; E-mail: jisl@jains.com; Visit us at: www.jains.com 
CIN: L29120MH1986PLC042028 
 
 
 
JISL/SEC/2026/08/B-2/B-6 
 
 
 
 
 
               August 11, 2026 
To, 
BSE Ltd., 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, Rotunda 
Building, P. J.  Tower, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com  
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,   
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Email : cc@nse.co.in 
 
 
Ref:  Code No. 500219 (BSE) & JISLJALEQS (NSE) for Ordinary Equity Shares 
Code No. 570004 (BSE) & JISLDVREQS (NSE) for DVR Equity Shares 
 
 
Sub: Transcript – Q1 FY27 Investor Conference Call (Earnings Call) 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Q1FY27 Investor Conference Call (Earnings 
Call) held on August 10, 2026 at 04:30 PM IST.  
 
 
Please take the above on record and acknowledge. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jain Irrigation Systems Limited, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A. V. Ghodgaonkar 
Company Secretary 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AVDHUT 
VASANT 
GHODGAONKAR
Digitally signed by 
AVDHUT VASANT 
GHODGAONKAR 
Date: 2026.08.11 
14:24:43 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 25 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
Q1 FY 2027 Earnings Call 
August 10, 2026 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Jain Irrigation 
Systems Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. Today, we 
have on the call Mr. Anil Jain – CEO and MD, and Mr. Bipeen 
Valame – CFO. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and 
then “0” on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anil Jain to take us through 
the Company's “Business Outlook” and “Financial Highlights”, 
after which we will open the floor for questions. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anil Jain: 
Thank you. Good afternoon to all the listeners on the call and 
thank you for joining our call. This call is about the Q1 Results for 
Jain Irrigation. 
Today, we also had an Annual General Meeting followed by the 
Board and in the Board, the Results were approved. 
As we spoke, I think sometime in May, it was anticipated that the 
1st Quarter will be a muted quarter. So, as a company, overall, 

 
 
Page 2 of 25 
our revenue has been about 2.5% less than the same period last 
year at about Rs. 1,500 crores. 
Within different segments, I think Hi-Tech segment registered a 
degrowth, while plastic was almost similar to last year’s same 
period, and Agro-Processing registered significant growth due to 
additional beverage business and some growth in our overseas 
market. So, while overall revenue has remained similar, there was 
a reduction in EBITDA because especially standalone India 
business, we had less fixed-cost absorption because of lower 
volume due to volatility linked to raw material prices and demand 
postponement, and that has resulted into lower EBITDA, 
especially in the Hi-Tech division. In fact, plastic division has 
improved its EBITDA, and Agro-Processing also had seasonality 
issues to register lower EBITDA, and impact on the forex side was 
negative compared to the similar period last year. 
So, all in all, reduction in EBITDA temporarily in this quarter, but 
we believe we should be able to catch up in the second half of the 
current fiscal year to cover what is lost. In terms of when I look at 
the margins, Hi-Tech division delivered about a 14.4% margin 
versus similar period at 16.6, so approximately 2% reduction, and 
plastic, in fact, improved by about a percent or so from 10 to 11, 
and Agro-Processing also came down by 3%. So, post all of these 
changes in the margin profile of the company, adjusted PAT after 
adjusting the non-cash NCD interest unwinding, adjusted PAT at 
about Rs. 3 crores versus last year's Rs. 30 crores, but companies 
still remained profitable. So, overall, when we look at this quarter, 
the revenue, we have been able to almost maintain at similar 
levels. 

 
 
Page 3 of 25 
EBITDA margins are down by about 2% or so, but mostly linked to 
unabsorbed fixed costs, which can be captured in the second half, 
and adjusted PAT has remained profitable. We had, in April, 
month of April when we were there, we felt that situation was 
going to be much worse, but I think May and June, we did better. 
July continues to be remaining good. 
So, things are definitely improving than how the year started, 
especially due to volatility linked into the business. Now, while 
this is consolidated on a standalone basis, again, majority of the 
de-growth this quarter particularly came from standalone 
business, and while overseas console business and business of 
food business company has done well. If we, and even on 
standalone basis, on adjusted PAT basis, company has remained 
profitable and also having good cash. 
If I look at cash flow statement, the EBITDA of Rs. 164 crores, 
almost about 78% of EBITDA, we have been able to convert into 
cash flow. That is quite a positive sign in terms of management of 
the working capital, which we have done. So, I think that's a big 
plus, and this was possible due to further improvement in working 
capital cycle. 
If we look at console as an entire company basis, net working 
capital last year this time, June ‘25, was about 210 days, and this 
year it has come down to 183 days. So, that's a significant 
improvement during our last one year. And even on a standalone 
basis, it has come down from 296 days to 283 days. 

 
 
Page 4 of 25 
So, that's a big improvement. If I just compare it with March ‘26, 
also it was 186 days, and now it is 183. So, that's an improvement. 
Now, and this is despite all the volatility which was out there. 
In terms of business potential, in terms of looking forward in the 
remaining three quarters, 2nd Quarter typically also remains 
muted because of the rainy season. But the good news is there 
was a fear that a huge amount of this super-El Niño will emerge, 
and that would have a disaster in terms of total rainfall but we 
have seen good level of rain in July. That would mean the farmers 
got adequate moisture into their soil for the crops to sustain 
themselves, and it is expected over the next couple of weeks 
some good rain will continue in the country. So, by and large, 
there was a big deficit in June because of the delayed onset of 
monsoon. 
That was kind of covered partly into July, and we hope also into 
August. So, the news about the monsoon and the weather and 
the climate change is not as bad as it was forecasted. So, I think 
that's a positive thing as far as we are concerned. 
For the Rabi crop and for the next year's summer business, this 
would be very positive. Majority of dams in the country have 
water levels filled up to now two-thirds, 67%, and by the end of 
the monsoon if they do hit 85%, that means adequate water 
availability for irrigation the next hot summer also, which is 
positive. So, the reduction in the revenue in the June was partially 
caused by postponement and the purchase decision by customers 
due to very high prices. 

 
 
Page 5 of 25 
And second, it was also because of the delayed onset of monsoon. 
So, farmers were not ready to sow their crop, and of course, then 
they couldn't also take the irrigation systems as well as pipes. But 
since then, as I said, July has been better. 
We have registered already positive revenue growth in July as 
against April to June, significant revenue growth here. And August 
and September also seem to be good, but especially we think with 
the kind of negotiations we are doing also with the institutional 
customers for larger diameter pipes, we see a lot more kind of 
surplus demand coming through. Now, subject to a little bit more 
stability on the geopolitical events, where oil stabilizes and the 
polymer prices come down a little bit more than where they are, 
I think that would give that trigger momentum for the growth into 
the business. 
So, reasonable quarter, but far more needs to be done in the 
second half of this year, and that looks good. The signs and the 
indicators are positive. In terms of, as I already talked about cash 
flow was positive this year. 
In terms of overall cash flow, we have been able to generate post-
working capital changes has been positive. And we have been 
able to maintain margin, except small reduction linked to 
unabsorption of fixed costs, and that can be covered in the rest of 
the year. In terms of the major issue, which I think is there, is on 
the balance sheet. 
This year, with about Rs. 690 crores of debt of the NCDs falling 
due in the current fiscal, partly in September, partly in March, 
approximately Rs. 230 crores in September, and remainder in 

 
 
Page 6 of 25 
March of that Rs. 690 crores. So, or maybe I think 680 now, 
approximately. So, we believe that, as we have said this earlier, a 
company would be able to take care of these obligations in the 
current year, through its cash flows, and companies also pursuing 
other alternatives as the backup plan, just as a matter of 
prudency, in terms of to ensure that, come what may, company 
does and will ensure that all obligations are paid on time, as we 
have done in last four years. 
In terms of the rest of the capital, in terms of working capital, that 
is being managed properly. I think we have good support from 
current working capital banks. They have approved additional 
limits, new limits. 
So, I think that thing is going well, and I think bankers understand 
what has happened due to this west Asia crisis, the impact when 
suddenly if your raw material prices go up by 50%, what happens. 
So, they have provided necessary support to the company to 
come through this crisis, and come out well. And so, we are very 
thankful to them, but at the same time, they are quite optimistic 
about the remainder of the year. 
Overall, overseas, the plastic business did well, approximately a 
significant growth of 40% or so in terms of revenue. And because 
of that performance, I think overall EBITDA margin for plastics 
have improved in this quarter for us. In terms of structurally 
where we are going, I think we are entering into a cycle post this 
season where every single product line of the company, whether 
it is about irrigation business, piping, solar pump, tissue culture, 
food processing, we are seeing growth opportunities. 

 
 
Page 7 of 25 
So, we are quite positive there. And as I said, this 1st Quarter was 
a combination of postponement of decisions by customers due to 
high prices, delayed onset of monsoon, less sales related to the 
project category, which is like companies consider decision to get 
out of that particular type of business, as well as almost limited 
billing related to solar pump business, which will pick up in the 
2nd, 3rd, and 4th Quarter. 
So, I would say that overall, well, 1st Quarter results are muted, 
but we remain confident on the rest of the year. Within, when I 
look at the retails of the business, within even retail business, I 
think we did quite okay in our Hi-Tech business in like 
Maharashtra or in western parts of the country. Even in north, the 
business grew. 
The business which did not grow was, which was linked to kind of 
government subsidies, where we had a opportunity to take 
revenue, but that would have meant a lot more impact on the 
cash flow and long receivables. So, we chose not to do that 
business. Otherwise, I think this revenue negative growth, what 
you see would have been actually covered, because easily we 
could have sold 50-60 crores rupees more of micro-irrigation, but 
that would have meant many more longer receivables. 
And especially this year with so much of debt due, we are 
choosing to pick up business, which is more and more cash flow 
positive, quicker turnaround and cash-to-cash cycle. So, that is 
where it is, and in terms of overall receivables were compared to 
March, were down by about Rs. 25 crores in June. And we will 
continue to see between September, December and March that 

 
 
Page 8 of 25 
to further go down and those extra collections would get used to 
honor the necessary debt obligations, which company has. 
In terms of structurally speaking, while the polymer prices went 
up, we have been able to pass on majority of the increases to the 
customers. And if and when prices of polymers do come back, we 
think that would spur overall demand into the business. So, we 
are looking forward to get that done. 
So, this is where kind of the 1st Quarters balance sheet, P&L as 
one would call it, in terms of overall business cycle. And I think we 
are getting into a stronger business cycle going forward. With 
that, I will stop here. 
I will again thank you for patiently listening to this update on a 
quarterly basis. And we look forward to taking on any questions 
you may have now. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment 
while the question queue assembles. Your first question comes 
from the line of Ramesh with SJ Investments. Please go ahead. 
Ramesh: 
Yes. Sir, I was trying to understand in terms of government 
receivables, did we get any during this month? And how many 
more projects are left to go in terms of completion? These two 
questions. 
Anil Jain: 
I think last quarter we received approximately 60 crores from the 
government. And I think month of July, another 25-30 crores have 
come through from the government. So, we see that as the rest 
of the year goes by, it will continue. 

 
 
Page 9 of 25 
In terms of the projects to be completed, I think hardly now you 
saw the total billing on the project was maybe 24 crores or so for 
the quarter. I think 2nd Quarter could be maybe even less. There's 
one active large project which is in Pune for water supply, where 
we still need to do, I think, triple digit billing going forward, the 
remainder part. 
But most of other projects, like 98-99% done, very small amounts 
are still left. 
Ramesh: 
Sir, so how much more scope of work is left? 
Anil Jain: 
In the other projects apart from the one project in Pune, I think 
total billing left is about approximately closer to Rs. 40-50 crores 
only. 
Ramesh: 
And in terms of the working capital, we need to spend on it, is 
there more to go? 
Anil Jain: 
No, I think we don't have to spend any working capital. It's mostly 
the last mile connectivity, etc., Material supply, the component 
supply, all of that has already happened. It's mostly service-
related remainder of the work, which is co-dependent on 
something else the awardee has to do, the TOAD board or the 
irrigation board, they need to provide certain things for us to do 
the last connectivity, but no working capital is required to 
complete the remainder of the billing. 
Ramesh: 
Understood, sir. So, out of the number of projects we did, so how 
many of them had an O&M component, and is there an O&M 
component with these projects? 

 
 
Page 10 of 25 
Anil Jain: 
Can you come again, the last part of your question? 
Ramesh: 
Yes, sir, I was asking if there's an O&M component to these EPC 
projects, and will there be some remaining work we need to do 
over the next few years out of the overall project value sheet 
probably recognized over the last few years? How much more is 
left to go? 
Anil Jain: 
I think out of the 70 projects, like 72 projects which we have 
completed or in process of completing, I think about 10 to 12 
projects have O&M over next, I think, two to three years, but on 
that O&M, if we need to spend money on O&M, we are also going 
to bill that, right, in that given year, and this is the O&M total, our 
experience on the remainder of projects over the last, I think, 
seven, eight years, the total spend on O&M is quite light, so it's 
not going to impact either my working capital or cash flows 
materially. 
Ramesh: 
Understood, sir, and one last question with regards to, so over the 
last few years, I think we had few additions because of increasing 
costs of completing the project, were these clauses actually built 
into the initial contract or were these afterwards negotiated? 
Anil Jain: 
So, when you start the project, right, it's a tender bidding process, 
so you do based on the scope of the work, and then what happens 
when you actually go and do the project, because in one project 
we are doing 100,000 hectares, so you always find certain things 
which were different than what were presented in the tender 
document. In that case, then you go and seek cost plus from the 
tender authority or your customer, saying that there are changes 
than the original scope and therefore we need to do more billing, 

 
 
Page 11 of 25 
and then they do give the additional escalation, as it is called. So, 
some places there is a cost escalation, some places there is a 
change of the scope, but in, I think, if I go back in terms of totality 
of the question, by and large what we originally anticipated and 
billed, we have been able to get and whatever extra we needed 
to spend, because change of scope or delays, for that we received 
escalation or cost increases, so that has worked out fairly, I think, 
even in terms of the profitability coming from this project. What 
has really hurt or impacted company is the delayed cash flow and 
delayed cost of interest on if you have not received money in 
time, but scope the total billing which we did is in line with or with 
the changes that have been paid for by the customers. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Ramesh, we request you to return to the 
queue. We take our next question coming from the line of Sumit 
Kumar with Margaret Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sumit Kumar: 
Good afternoon. The company still has to repay its Rs. 674 crores 
in the remaining nine months of this financial year. By seeing the 
present state of affairs, it seems very difficult to repay or fulfill 
these debt obligations. So, what are the options available with the 
company? Is the company thinking for some asset monetization 
or taking new loans to repay these debt obligations? 
Anil Jain: 
So, in fact, if you see our last three and a half, four years, three 
and a half years rather, our company has repaid to the banking 
system approximately Rs. 1300 crores. And with now having 
completed the project this year to pay whatever is due, the NCDs 
which are falling due, we feel fairly confident of doing so. In terms 

 
 
Page 12 of 25 
of options available to the company, one, the first and most 
important option is internal accruals. 
Second option is collection of the older legacy receivables. Third 
option is the part amount can be some level of asset monetization 
such as surplus land. The fourth option would be refinancing. 
So, there are multiple options available to the company. And as a 
prudent policy, in consultation with the lenders, we are working 
on all of these options at the same time. And we feel very 
confident that there won't be any issue. 
Sumit Kumar: 
So, the second question is regarding the old legacy receivables. 
These were something around Rs. 800 crores to Rs. 900 crores. 
So, out of those old receivables, how much the company is 
expecting in this financial year, 2026-27. So, how much out of this 
Rs. 800 crores to Rs. 900 crores would be recovered? 
Anil Jain: 
I think our target this year was about Rs. 422 crores to be 
received. Rs. 60 crores we already received in the 1st Quarter. 
And so, remainder of nine months minimum, and this I am talking 
minimum, target is Rs. 380 crores will come from that in total. 
Sumit Kumar: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of 
Ravi Kumar with Vadaga Investment. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Kumar: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. My question is related to 
slightly more strategic. Well, we have done an excellent job in 
terms of reducing the DSOs and working on a like a tight ship. Why 
are we Jain Irrigation is a, looks like a very asset heavy, but cash 

 
 
Page 13 of 25 
light company. And for historical reasons, I have been an investor 
right from the time it was 125 the share price and went through 
three rupees and now whatever it is today. So, I have gone 
through the whole cycle. Why are we not being the same kind of 
a campaign what we did for pivoting our business model from a 
project business to a retail model and also from running a very 
tight ship in terms of the way working capital is. Why are we not 
doing a identifying non-core assets which doesn't impact revenue 
which does not impact profitability and go on a little aggressive 
monetization model. Even the Tamil Nadu land which we thought 
will be over by May, we haven't heard anything from it. That's my 
first question. 
Anil Jain: 
And second. So, I can answer both. 
Ravi Kumar: 
Okay. The second question is with respect to the food business 
side, the Agro processing. If we remove the, what is the beverage, 
because this is a new business, which was not there in last 
quarter. So, if we remove that line or if you can just give us the 
revenue, what was the revenue, that would be great. And just a 
third follow-up, slight one. What is our 180 days plus receivables 
or maybe 180 or 240 days, whatever the way is, if we can get the 
receivables which are old due that will also give us some kind of a 
figure how it is moving. 
Anil Jain: 
So, yes. So, thank you. I think there are three questions there. So, 
in terms of monetization, I think as I said, with whatever we have 
done, we have repaid to banking system Rs. 1300 crores through 
changing of the business, pivoting business. And we did generate 
significant amount of free cash flow during this period of time to 

 
 
Page 14 of 25 
be able to take care of the debt. And that process continues in the 
current year. And I think from next year, you will start seeing the 
dividend, which will come from positive cash flow, which will go 
into the growth of the company. In terms of the monetization, 
right, we have gone through two cycles of monetization. I think 
first monetization we did in 20 to 23 period. 
At that time, the debt was 7,000. Today, it is a little bit less than 
4,000. And we did do monetization of significant amount of 
overseas business, etc., The right now because of the 
restructuring, which was done along with the banking system, 
there are limitations of what you can do and you cannot do 
because of the framework of the restructuring which existed. And 
I think from next year, value-based monetization, which can 
create growth for the company will happen. In terms of the Tamil 
Nadu land, it got delayed somewhat. 
And I think maybe I referred to it, it was also elections there in 
April, May, which took place. But it is certainly happening. Again, 
we are working with lenders, and I think that should get hopefully 
delivered in the current quarter. 
So, we are on to it, right? The whole idea is that once we pay off 
these NCDs from next year standalone India business basis, there 
is no debt to pay, except the normal continued working capital, 
which is renewed every year. And then the debt is still left in the 
food business. 
And as you know, last, I think one year, we have taken decisions 
to take food business to the next level by introducing the new 
beverage business, and so on. The beverage, your question was 

 
 
Page 15 of 25 
that we did approximately Rs. 60 crores into the food business in 
April to June quarter into that business. In terms of the 
receivables, which are above a certain period of time, mostly the 
government related receivables are above 180 days. 
They are either linked to this, what you call the project EPC 
business, and are linked to what we call where state governments 
place order on the company on behalf of the farmers, 
governments of Andhra, Telangana, Gujarat or Tamil Nadu. And 
sometimes their receivables take time to come through. And this 
is industry wide, it is not just a Jain irrigation. 
That's the way business is conducted for all the irrigation 
companies in those particular states. So, that, that amount is 
approximately, I would say total outstanding related to this 
farmers being placed order on us on behalf of the government is 
approximately 500 crores. Out of that, I would say about 300 
crores would be about above 180 days. 
And there's Rs. 800 to Rs. 900 crores, we talked about the 
government receivables, which is also about 180 days. So, about 
Rs. 1100 crores is about 180 days. So, look at overall net 
receivables for June were 1975. So, out of that almost 55% are 
linked to these issues. And the remainder would be the normal 
domestic receivables or export receivables. 
Ravi Kumar: 
Just a small follow up, sir. No, it's just a suggestion.  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. I do understand, but there are several other 
participants waiting for their turn. Really sorry to interrupt, sir. 

 
 
Page 16 of 25 
Ravi Kumar: 
Just wanted this to be included in the investor presentation as a 
follow up so that we don't have to ask this question, at least for 
this year. That's okay. 
Anil Jain: 
We will keep that up. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Vinay 
Choudhury with Invexa Capital LLP. Please go ahead. 
Vinay Choudhury: Hello. Yes, hi. So, my question relates to the Hi-Tech division. So, 
we have seen a significant degrowth this quarter in Hi-Tech. And 
we, of course, are facing we are consciously reducing the project 
division within this. However, having said that, the non-project 
part of the Hi-Tech is also implied to be not growing significantly 
to offset the degrowth in the conscious strategy of reducing the 
project. So, where are we and why is we are having a significant, 
almost 22% YOY degrowth. And of course, on an EBITDA level 
contribution, it's about more than 30% degrowth. So, can you 
throw some light on this, please? 
Anil Jain: 
Yes, that's a good question. In fact, so if I look at the Hi-Tech 
division, right, three parts to the division in terms of product line. 
One is micro-irrigation or the drip irrigation, tissue culture and the 
solar, solar pump business, and the projects which are there. So, 
if I break up that 22% reduction in revenue, the retail business, 
which would cover the MIS, the tissue culture, solar, etc., that de-
grew by about 17%. And the project, which is by design is going 
to go down, de-grew by 63%. So, let's focus on the retail business, 
which grew, de-grew by 17% between the three product lines. So, 
MIS, which is the drip irrigation business, it de-grew by 16% from 
438 crores to 368 crores. And the reason it de-grew, as I said, 

 
 
Page 17 of 25 
because of the delayed onset of monsoon the normal, the sales, 
which were going to happen in June did not happen, and they 
have been postponed to the current quarter, and that would be 
covered in the current quarter. And the second part, which I said 
that the polymer prices went up 50%, so we had to pass on the 
price increases. So, some of the customers decided to postpone 
the decision till the time prices come down. So, we think this is 
one-off. In fact, if I look at 25 to 26 micro-irrigation and this Hi-
Tech division grew for the whole year more than 20%. And current 
year, also, we are planning that the business will grow. And this 
quarter was anomaly. And similar thing, tissue culture business 
de-grew by 10%. Again, the farmer could not sow the plant 
because there was no irrigation or water available. And that's why 
it was a 10% reduction. Solar goes by order to order, right? So, 
last year, we had, we grew solar business by 300%, solar pump 
business. And this year, so, and the March quarter was a big 
quarter for us. So, we are focused on the 1st Quarter, and even 
July, August, to recover all the funds after those from the solar 
pump business. 
And then, so you will see significant growth coming from solar 
pumps from September onwards. So, partly what you have seen 
is linked to the volatility in polymer prices, partly postpone the 
purchase decision, and partly the solar business seasonality, 
which will be picked up for September. All in all, I think, we feel 
because this is the most important business in terms of 
profitability, that this would be a business which would maintain 
more than double digit growth for FY27. 

 
 
Page 18 of 25 
And in terms of your mentioned profitability, the Hi-Tech margin, 
right, went from 16.6% to 14.4%. So, about 2.2% reduction, that 
was due to the volume growth being not there. And so our 
guidance for the whole year is that margins what we typically 
make would be maintained. 
Vinay Choudhury: So, on a full year basis, you are saying that despite this fall or 2-
2.5% on a company level, the degrowth, we are maintaining a full 
year revenue as well as margin of 20% revenue growth and 
margin of 12.5-13%? 
Anil Jain: 
I think we have said double digit revenue growth, because the 
situation is still not that stable. But in terms of overall margins, 
right, the console margins last year in this quarter were 13, but 
we came out at 11 across all divisions and businesses. I think this 
reduction will definitely be covered. And in terms of overall 
margins for FY27, we should do despite with all the changes and 
volatility, we remain fairly confident to maintain at about, I think, 
14% on standalone, and approximately 12%-13% on console 
basis. 
Vinay Choudhury: Okay, and lastly on the... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Vinay sir, we request you to return to the 
queue for follow-ups, please. Thank you. Your next question 
comes from the line of Parag Kare with PK Investments, please go 
ahead. 
Parag Kare: 
Okay. Just a question on these old receivables. I know we talked 
about how much is receivable, how many projects are doing. Do 
we have any doubtful project where we may have to write off 

 
 
Page 19 of 25 
certain amount? I know, I mean, historically, we haven't written 
off any significant amount as of now. But do we see any negative 
surprise somewhere going down the line, probably for the next 
nine months from now, which may have a slightly negative 
surprise for us? 
Anil Jain: 
No, I think when we looked at and reviewed all the projects, and 
this goes back to 21-22, that period, and historically, right, these 
projects were billed and so on. So, at that time, we took a 
conscious call, we reviewed all the projects. And at that time, we 
had made necessary provisions in the books, as these receivables 
which are standing, so the net receivable, good receivables 
standing in the books at the end of June of 1975. We do not 
anticipate there is always few crores here and there. But we do 
not really anticipate any, any material or any significant write offs 
at all from project, all the project receivables which are there, 
which are there today in the books, what we are looking for, what 
is not already been provided, are good to go, and they will be 
received. Now, it has been partially time, the delay in getting 
project completed, the restructuring of businesses, all that has 
happened, partly because state governments have been 
prioritizing a lot of freebies, so they do not pay the EPC 
contractors, etc. 
And this is not just our case. I think, if you have been reading news 
in the past about Karnataka or Maharashtra, like 80,000 crores 
not paid or 100,000 crores not paid and so on. But we have seen 
movements, right? As I said, just last quarter, we received 60 
crores. And we are hoping for at least minimum 380 crores in the 
remaining nine months, which we are now quite confident of, 

 
 
Page 20 of 25 
because things have really progressed fast. So, just to summarize, 
no hits on the project receivable, and a significant amount of 
collection this year. 
Parag Kare: 
Okay, the second question is on the working capital lines. I mean, 
I am talking about the standalone working capital. For the four 
years, it has its own cycle. It has its separate working capital lines. 
But if we see standalone business, our working capital, like Rs. 
1500 crores, Rs. 1600 crores, if we compare it to some of our 
competitors domestically, our working capital requirements seem 
to be slightly on the higher side. Do you want to pinpoint any 
specific reason why we are on the higher side in terms of working 
capital requirements with respect to our competitors? 
Anil Jain: 
Yes, so when the known, I think, listed competitors are mostly in 
piping business. And their working capital cycles on piping side, 
on the plastic piping side are much lower. And if I really dissect 
my working capital, also on the similar basis, you would find that 
also we are actually in line or in fact, we did some internal 
comparison. In some cases, we are even better compared to listed 
other organizations, where we have a higher amount, right? You 
mentioned Rs. 1500 crores, Rs. 1600 crores, it mostly comes from 
the legacy receivables of the projects where there are long term 
receivables. 
Also, this I talked about where state government give order on 
behalf of the farmers, and we get paid between six months to one 
year. That is where our working capital is higher. And on irrigation 
company business, there are very few, I would say, listed entities, 
and of the size and scale what we have. That's the main reason. 

 
 
Page 21 of 25 
But with, I think, when we maybe sometime next year for we talk 
about FY28, once the project receivables are off, you would see 
that our, while our overall we have improved from where we 
were, it would substantially further improve, especially receivable 
cycle. 
Parag Kare: 
All right, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and good luck for Q2. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from Ashwin Reddy with 
Samathwa Investments. Please go ahead. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Yes, hi, sir. Good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. So, my 
first question is, so given that so far the refinancing of debt has 
not happened, I am sure there would be a reason for that or some 
pushback from the bank. I am curious, what is the pushback that 
you have been getting so far? And also linked to this, so what will 
change now that gives you the confidence that the refinancing 
will happen? 
Anil Jain: 
So, there is no pushback. I think because the payments are only 
due in September, right, end of September. So, the first payment 
and the next payment is due in March. So, we are definitely within 
the timeline to get this done. You know, we are not only that we 
have negotiated, but we also already have a couple of term sheets 
in hand and discussions are ongoing. And as I said that regardless 
of refinancing, I think company will have adequate internal cash 
flow to honor the obligation. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Okay. Got it. But the efforts to say for the land monetization, you 
already explained, but even the IPO efforts have not fructified in 
a year and a half or so. So, what is the delay there? What is the 

 
 
Page 22 of 25 
reason for the long delay? And does the PE partner not have a 
timeline by when he has to exit and all? What is the theme there? 
And what is the reason for the delay in the IPO? It's been a very 
long delay. 
Anil Jain: 
Okay. So, this is about the food business. So, I think the total 
expected issue or IPO on the food business was comparatively of 
a smaller size. In terms of the exit of the existing PE player plus 
additional funds raised let's say primary for the company, the 
total expected figure was around, let's say 1000 crores. And what 
merchant bankers advise is that the market, maybe last couple of 
months, things have slightly improved. But compared to expected 
valuation, for last four quarters market that really gone down. 
I mean, so I think let's say end of December, a year ago, 15 months 
ago, merchant bankers had given us some indications of likely 
valuation of the food business, which was in fact, higher than 
even the valuation of the main company, based on the 
comparables and whatnot. But since then, that valuation went 
down considerably generally in the market, because you know, 
whatever the market scenario was, and I think they were pending 
few 100, more than few 100 DRHP filed, but people were not 
bringing IPO all that statistics, you guys know. So, their advice was 
to actually to wait and watch. 
And meanwhile, some of our new business was taking place, like 
beverage business, etc., So, we stayed focused on that. And I think 
as we go along, as we move forward for September, as the market 
improves, that something would be seriously looked at. 

 
 
Page 23 of 25 
And I think I am thankful that our PE investor there is patient, 
because they're looking for good value. And underlying business, 
I think, again, as a unique business of a certain scale size, including 
global opportunities within that business, we think eventually, it 
should get a good solution. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ankit Bansal 
with AB India Limited, please go ahead. 
Ankit Bansal: 
Sir, my question is, why there is a loss of PAT when the revenues 
are not down, sir? How much more quarters we have to this 
unsustainable investor we have to follow, aren't we, as an 
investor, we want sustainability as a company, shareholder in Jain 
Irrigation? So, please, can you explain this? 
Anil Jain: 
I think this particular quarter, as I explained, was a much higher 
cost of raw material and lower business out of the India segment, 
which is traditionally more profitable. And as I explained earlier in 
the call, that that's a temporary phenomenon, but for the whole 
year, we should recover. So, for a whole year, right, we should do 
better than the last year in terms of profitability at PAT level. And 
on adjusted PAT, we are still positive if we take off the notional 
NCD interest costs. So, I am with you, right, with all the effort 
which we are making. The idea is that companies should not only 
generate good free cash flow, but generate at a PAT level EPS 
that's where we are going. So, I think what we have not been able 
to do in the 1st Quarter, and I think 2nd Quarter is always mute, 
but you should see improvement in the second half of the year. 
Ankit Bansal: 
Okay, sir, the memorandum that you have done for the coffee 
business, has the revenue started flowing? And what is the new 

 
 
Page 24 of 25 
biochar plant that you have started? What kind of business is that, 
sir? Can you explain, sir, this? 
Anil Jain: 
Yes, so coffee, we have received the first orders from the Coffee 
Board. So, that revenue has started in terms of the biochar plant. 
As you know, we deal from farmers, we buy from them fruits, 
vegetables, etc., apart from selling them micro-irrigation. So, 
biochar means that we are buying from farmers, the agriculture 
waste, corn cob, or the cotton stalk or mango stones, etc., adding 
value going through a digester where you create biochar, which 
would be used again, partly as a media in our tissue culture 
business only, and partly given back to the farmers for the soil 
conditioning and so on, which will generate, again, higher 
productivity for the farmers, it gives. So, it is a business where you 
are creating wealth from waste. And on the top of that, you will 
get the carbon credit. The whole process of getting carbon credit 
takes about six to nine months. But once it starts, it keeps moving. 
So, it's a value-added business. I think opportunity is very large, 
because India is one of the largest arable area in the world in 
terms of agriculture, a lot of waste is being generated. And that 
waste you read it right in Delhi and other places, all this stuff being 
burned, and that creates all the pollution. And this way, if you can 
take all that waste, and convert that into biochar it's a win-win 
situation for everybody. That's the business we are starting with, 
as I said, mango stone, a corncob and cotton stalk, and then we 
will look at other waste agriculture materials. So, it's a very 
exciting project. You will start seeing because project has recently 
started any impact on numbers from the next fiscal. And that 
further cements our relationship with the farming community 
and helps us to create more value. 

 
 
Page 25 of 25 
Moderator: 
Okay, sir. And do you think you are sorry to interrupt? We will be 
able to take that as the last question for today. And with that, I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the Management 
for closing remarks over to you. 
Anil Jain: 
Yes, again, I would like to thank all the to all the participants, and 
especially for all the questions. And I am sorry one or two 
questioners couldn't complete them or, and you can separately 
reach out to us to with their question, and we will be very happy 
to answer. Overall, I think we are very confident for the rest of the 
year. This 1st Quarter was things were a bit beyond our control. 
And we are very confident on honoring the debt obligation, we 
don't see that as an issue. And the second half, I think we will be 
having really strong numbers. We thank you again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, 
on behalf of Jain Irrigation Systems Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you everyone for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. Thank you. 
