 
 
 
Ref-LTF/ SE/ 2026-27 
 
 
 
 
 
                     Date: August 05, 2026 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Ref.: Code-532783 Scrip ID: LTFOODS 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investor/ Analysts Conference Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
copy of transcript of the Investor/ Analysts conference call held on Friday, July 31, 2025 on the un-audited 
financial results and operations of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, is enclosed. 
 
In this regard, a transcript of the aforesaid Earnings Call is attached herewith. Further, the said transcript 
shall also be available on the website of the Company. 
Link: 
https://ltfoods.com/ltfoodscms/uploads/investors/earningcalltranscript/earningcalltranscript_1785918712.
pdf  
  
Request you to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours Faithfully,  
For LT Foods Limited 
 
 
 
Monika Chawla Jaggia 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: a/a 
MONIKA 
JAGGIA
Digitally signed by 
MONIKA JAGGIA 
Date: 2026.08.05 
14:35:20 +05'30'

 
 
 
“LT Foods Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 31, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHWANI KUMAR ARORA – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
MR. SACHIN GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. RITESH ARORA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
INDIA AND FAR EAST BUSINESS  
MS. MONIKA CHAWLA JAGGIA – CHIEF 
CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT OFFICER  
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SUMANT KUMAR – MOTILAL OSWAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

LT Foods Limited 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the LT Foods Limited Earnings Conference 
Call Q1 FY27. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sumant Kumar. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Yes. Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and a very warm welcome to LT Foods Q1 FY27 
post results earnings call, hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. On the call 
today, we have management team being represented by Mr. Ashwani Kumar Arora, 
Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Sachin Gupta, CFO; and Ms. Monika Chawla Jaggia, 
Chief Corporate Development Officer. We'll begin the call with the key thoughts from the 
management team. Thereafter, we will open the floor for Q&A session.  
I would now like to request the management to share their perspective on the performance 
of the company. Thank you, and over to you, Moncia. 
 
Monika Chawla Jaggia: 
Thank you, Sumant, for the introduction. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining 
us today on the post Q1FY27earnings conference call of LT Foods Limited.  
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that certain statements made during this call 
may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on management's 
current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results 
to differ materially from those expressed or implied. The results documents are available on 
our company's website as well as stock exchanges. A transcript of this call will also be made 
available on the Investors section of the company's website.  
I'm pleased to share that LT Foods has delivered another strong quarter, achieving 26.4% 
year-on-year growth despite a challenging operating environment marked by geopolitical 
uncertainties, supply chain disruptions and freight volatility. This performance reflects the 
strength of our brands, resilient business model, effectiveness of our long-term growth 
strategy and disciplined execution. 
 
Before Mr. Sachin Gupta takes you through the financial highlights, let me briefly update 
you on the performance across our key geographies.  
                                               

LT Foods Limited 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
                                               India, the engine that is just getting started.  
                                                We are growing profitably for the last 3 straight years with a CAGR of 12%, wherein the 
profit has grown faster than the revenue with a CAGR of more than 30%. And we believe 
we still have a huge scope of growth as basmati remains majority unbranded in India as on 
date as well. Every year, more household shifts to branded and trusted basmati. Our FY'30 
ambition is a step change of more than doubling the revenue with expanding margins driven 
by reaching consumers at every price point, building distinctive brands, expanding 
availability and scaling our organizational backbone digitally. Also by expanding our 
portfolio in the adjacent categories by leveraging our brand equity and distribution network.  
The United States, category leadership earned the hard way.  
We are growing faster than the category. Our U.S. basmati import share is now more than 
60%. Royal and Golden Star continue to pull ahead as clear segment leaders on the back of 
consistent brand investments, innovation and execution across every channel. Tariff shifts 
created pricing volatility this year, and we are focused on converting dollar growth into the 
real unit growth as the pricing normalizes while broadening our reach across every price 
point and format. 
 
Europe and U.K., they both are in the investment phase.   
Europe and the U.K. are currently in investment phase, and we remain very positive about 
the long-term potential these geographies carry. We are continuously investing in the 
capacity, the cost structure and the right channel mix, and we expect these investments to 
translate into the profitability over the coming quarters in the medium term.  
Another geography is the Middle East, wherein we are building inroads. That's a tough and 
saturated market. So Middle East is a saturated market and as a relatively new entrant, it is 
not an easy one to crack for us. Despite regional disruption to shipping this year, our demand 
held firm, and our e-commerce business took the number 1 category position. We are 
approaching the market across multiple price points to build inroads, and we are encouraged 
by the progress so far. 
 
Rest of the world, wherein we are strengthening our share, though it's a small market in terms 
of the basmati consumption, but we are enjoying leadership position in most of the countries, 
and we are further solidifying our position with the continuous brand investments and the 
distribution expansion.  
The other segment that we are into, which is organic, the FY26 brought cost pressure as we 
changed the business model from wholesale to the CPG, and we expanded our European 
capacity. We still see organic as one of our most exciting long-term bets with white space in 

LT Foods Limited 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
the Americas and in European organic ingredients, which will help us to balance growth and 
margins in the medium term. 
 
India is a proven growth engine still in its early innings as there is a huge potential lies in 
front of us. The U.S. is genuinely category leader working through near-term tariff 
headwinds. Europe and the U.K. are in the investment phase with strong long-term potential. 
 
And the Middle East is a tough market wherein we are building inroads. Organic is a long-
term bet where we have reset course and all the geographies and business segments are 
moving forward with full rigor. Now I hand over to our CFO, Mr. Sachin Gupta, for the 
detailed financial update. Sachin, over to you, please. 
Sachin Gupta: 
Thank you, Monika. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. LT Foods 
delivered another strong quarter, reflecting the resilience of our business model and the 
strength of our brands and the effectiveness of our long-term growth strategy.  
During Q1FY27, the consolidated revenue on a year-on-year basis grew by 26%. On a 
normalized basis, it grew by 19%, and the revenue stood at INR3,161 crores, driven by strong 
demand across our key geographies and sustained momentum in our branded portfolio. 
 
The gross profit during this quarter increased by 19% to INR1,029 crores. The EBITDA 
grew by 20% to INR363 crores. Profit after tax stood at INR183 crores, registering a growth 
of 9%. EPS likewise stood at INR5.3 per share, a growth of 9%. Profitability remained 
healthy. However, the EBITDA margins moderated from 11% to 11.5% as compared to 
12.1% primarily due to ongoing restructuring within the organic foods segment. 
 
Now coming to quarter-on-quarter basis, the revenue grew by 8%. The gross profit margin 
grew by 13%. EBITDA grew by 21% and the profit after tax on a quarter-on-quarter basis 
grew by 35%. Turning to the segment performance. Our core basmati and specialty rice 
business continued to perform exceptionally well, delivering revenue growth of 34% year-
on-year basis to INR2,845 crores. 
 
Importantly, the volume grew by 11%, demonstrating the sustained consumer preference for 
our flagship brand across market. Despite the geopolitical uncertainties and trade disruption, 
this segment EBITDA margin stood at stable 13%, highlighting the strength of our business 
model and operational execution. 
 
In India, the revenue grew by 23% on a year-on-year basis. supported by continued marketing 
share gain and deeper household penetration. Our market share reached to 23.1%, while our 
household penetration increased to 64.4 lakh households, reinforcing the growing strength 
of our Daawat franchise.  

LT Foods Limited 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
We also continue to maintain leadership position across e-commerce, quick commerce 
platform, which remains strong drivers of our premiumization and consumer acquisition. 
International business also continued its growth momentum and contributed 71% of our 
consolidated revenue, with North America maintaining the leadership position with 49% 
growth. 
 
Normalized growth during this quarter was 27%. Middle East and the rest of the world grew 
by 44%. Our brand continues to strengthen in these markets across all geographies. In 
Organic Food and Ingredient business witnessed a temporary decline in the revenue due to 
remodelling of the organic business. The revenue stood at INR254 crores with EBITDA 
margin at 4%. 
 
However, the underlying demand fundamentals remains healthy, and we are expecting 
gradual normalization over the coming quarters as the business mix improves. We continue 
to believe strongly in the long-term opportunities within the global organic food market. 
The ready-to-heat and ready-to-cook portfolio delivered revenue growth of 13% on a year-
on-year basis with 42% growth coming in the Biryani kits. This portfolio continues to 
represent an important strategic growth avenue for the company. Our RTH facility in the 
U.S. is expected to become operational in this quarter. 
 
With it, it will accelerate the growth in this segment in the upcoming quarters. From the 
balance sheet perspective, we remain focused on disciplined capital allocation and efficient 
working capital management. We delivered meaningful improvement across key operating 
metrics during the quarter. 
 
On a year-on-year basis, inventory days reduced from 221 days to 187 days. 
 
Receivable days improved from 30 days to 26 days.  
 
Overall working capital reduced from 195 days to 170 days.  
                                                These improvements reflect our continued efforts towards enhancing efficiency across the 
value chain. Our return on capital employed remains robust at 21.1%, demonstrating our 
ability to generate healthy returns while continuing to invest behind the future growth 
opportunities. 
 
While net debt-to-EBITDA improved during the quarter to 0.48x, our net debt to equity also 
remained comfortable at 0.15x, providing adequate flexibility to support future expansion 
initiatives. To summarize, our Q1FY27 revenue has been a strong start to the year with record 
revenue of INR3,161 crores, EBITDA at INR363 crores, PAT at INR183 crores and an EPS 
of INR5.3 per share. 

LT Foods Limited 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
Importantly, these results are in line with our annual estimates, and we are on track for the 
full year across all financial parameters. With this, I now request the operator to open the 
floor for questions-and-answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. First question is from 
the line of Pooja Sanghvi from InCred Asset Management. 
Pooja Sanghvi: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I wanted to understand how much is the planned 
capex for the Australia facility? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
We have just opened the company. So there is no plan for the capex right now, but we'll see 
how it evolves. At the moment, we have just infused the very small equity to open the 
company. 
Pooja Sanghvi: 
Right. Okay. And sir, second question is, if you can give me some regional flavor on what 
are the key drivers that are responsible for driving revenue and profitability for each of the 
regions? 
Ritesh Arora: 
Hi, Pooja. So for India, the focus is multifold. We are obviously increasing our distribution. 
As we move forward, there is a robust plan in play that we've created in the last year, which 
will  which is helping us go deeper into every city. So outlet expansion is one lever. Every 
channel is in focus where we are largely focusing on premiumizing our product mix as well 
as looking at white spaces in the market to launch new products. So these 2 are the key levers 
for growth in revenue as well as gross margins. 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
Pooja, just to add what Ritesh said. So broadly, we have 3 areas where we will grow. One is 
in our core, which is specialty rice. And second is organic and third is RTH and RTC. So the 
specialty rice is across globe, and RTH is bigger in USA. So we have doubled our capacity. 
Hopefully, in 3 years' time, we are aiming to make our ready-to-eat business double. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Avnish Roy from Nuvama. 
Avnish Roy: 
Congrats. My first question is on the El Nino impact. So clearly, currently sowing of the rice 
is happening. And of course, in many areas, there is a deficit, some areas, there may be excess 
also. So if you could update what will be your prognosis of the sowing season? 
 
And what will be your plan of action if yield is low because El Nino can impact yield. And 
the cost of irrigation also goes up because diesel usage is higher. So how do you see on the 
margin side, given there is the inflation? And on the yield side, are you now going to source 
from other markets also if there is an option? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
Avnish, fortunately, majority of the basmati grown area have an alternative irrigation, which 

LT Foods Limited 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
is canal on the groundwater. So historically, we have not seen much impact, but there will 
be a little bit impact, but it's too early to project on the exact size of the crop. So by mid of 
August, we will be very clear. So if there will be a lesser crop, then there will be inflation. 
 
And we have all the plans to make sure that whatever the demands LT has is for brands, it 
will be met. And if inflation comes, then historically, we have been able to pass on to the 
consumer and quite confident that we will be. 
Avnish Roy: 
Second question is on India market as a demand side. So 2 things. One is on organic side, I 
see companies like Tata Consumer, which has done a brilliant acquisition in that space, ramp 
up gradually for the India market. I understand you feel that regulations in India are not 
stringent. So you are focusing in terms of organic more outside India. 
 
So if you could update on what will be the India plans in the next 1 or 2 years on the organic 
side? Second is on the basmati India, clearly the number 3 player, we are seeing ramp up 
Fortune plus Kohinoor. So if you could tell us next 3 years, would you expect top 2 players 
to lose market share? And will there be healthy co-existence? It becomes a slightly three-
player market with third player still much smaller than the top 2, but still gaining some share? 
Would you be worried on that? 
Ritesh Arora: 
Sure. So for us, the larger focus is on market creation. So the focus is to increase the market 
size of basmati as basmati is still very underpenetrated as a category. So our focus is on 
improving our availability and creating market where the larger focus is to gain share from 
households which are consuming basmati, but loose, and shifting them to branded basmati. 
So that's the larger focus on the core basmati side, and we believe that this will lead to 
increase in our market share. 
 
On the organic bit, we've also launched I'm Organic in Daawat in e-commerce. So we are 
starting this journey of launching organic product range. And this will continue as we will 
launch more products in this space in the future. 
Avnish Roy: 
Two quick follow-up, and I'll end there. One is in terms of organic, are you charging a 
premium versus organic India of Tata Consumer? And on basmati, any aggressive pricing 
by the number 3 player? And have the top 2 players lost some market share? 
I'm not referring to the official market share data, if you are referring to that, give me a real 
sense of the market share because that doesn't give the true picture generally. So you have 
grown the top 2 players would have grown slower than the number 3 player because number 
3 player is already out in terms of results. 
Ritesh Arora: 
Yes. So we have gained market share in the last quarter. I don't know about the other players, 
but we have gained market share in the last quarter, both in terms of the channel mix, as you 

LT Foods Limited 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
can see in our growth rate as well that our first quarter growth has been good. the first 
question on organic, yes, we are charging a premium  in the space of basmati and Sona 
Masoori to all the players that are available in the market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Beria from Sameeksha Capital. 
Saurabh Beria: 
First of all, congratulations on the great set of numbers. My first question is, I would like to 
just retouch upon the El Nino part. So largely, basmati crops remain irrigated, right, from the 
canal or the groundwater. What are the current groundwater levels in the areas where we 
source from? And till when do you expect it to get utilized? Because below a certain level, 
we cannot use that groundwater, right? So what is the study of ours on that part? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
So Saurabh, I may not have the exact figure on the water level. But broadly, our ground 
survey is telling us that historically, we have also seen  till date, there is no red alert on that, 
that it will impact. Some districts, we have issue. But majority districts are not a challenge. 
But say, in 20% of the area where it is grown, there is an issue. 
 
But I think we can tell by end of August. But more or less, we don't see the crop to be more 
than last year as we were expecting as farmer has got a good price last year. So the prices 
will remain firm in the coming crop also. 
Saurabh Beria: 
Okay. Still on an average, what percentage of the basmati crops gets supplied via the 
irrigation and what percentage via the ongoing rainfall ? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
I will say 80%- 85% is by the alternative sources also, which is canal and the groundwater. 
And 14%- 15% is where is dependent on the rain. 
Saurabh Beria: 
Okay. And the second question, so if we look at the stand-alone numbers, so if I talk of the 
subsidiaries, can you give me a bifurcation of what are the gross margins and the EBITDA 
margins separately for the stand-alone and for the subsidiaries? Because what I see is for the 
subsidiaries, this quarter, the margins and both the gross and the EBITDA level margins have 
fallen on a Y-o-Y basis. So what is your read on that? 
Sachin Gupta: 
So the major reason for the fall in the gross margin is 2 factors. Firstly, the change in the 
payment or the shipment terms that we have changed from the CIF to C&I basis. And 
secondly, there has been a drop in the margins in the organic segment. The organic segment 
initially last year had a gross margin of 35%. This year, the margins are at 33%. 
 
So this had an effect. Otherwise, on the overall basis, our margins have improved, gross 
margins have improved, and this is reflecting in our EBITDA margins as well. The EBITDA 
margins, if you look at on the last quarter itself to this quarter, our EBITDA margins have 
improved. 

LT Foods Limited 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Saurabh Beria: 
Perfect. Okay. And on the sourcing cost part, so what is the current level of inventories we 
hold -- and if you can share your  average price share? And going forward, what is the level 
till we don't have to source further inventory? Because as price rises, given there is an adverse 
effect of El Nino, we would have impact on the margins on a lag basis, say, forQ4 FY27 or 
first Q1 FY28. So what is your read on that? 
Sachin Gupta: 
So as far as the inventory level goes, the inventory as on June 26, our rice inventory is 
3,46,000 tonnes at an average rate of INR56 and paddy inventory is 1,64,000 tonnes at an 
average rate of INR38. So this is sufficient inventory to service the next year, whatever the 
branded demand or the sales that is. Yes, the new crop or the season, what it comes out, that 
we are still wait and watch situation, as Ashwani told. 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
Yes. So Saurabh, just to add on the last ask that if the inflation comes and if there is a price 
rise last year, as I told you, we are confident that we will be able to pass on to the consumer. 
So there will be no issue on the demand side. So because basmati is a specialty rice, premium 
rice. So there is no impact of demand and on the margin side also. 
The margin can be historically what we have seen is that basmati is around 13%, 14% EBITDA margin. So there can be a 
plus/minus 1% if things happen, yes. 
Saurabh Beria: 
Perfect. Just one last question. The standing 10% rate got expired on 24th of July. So what 
is the current rate? I assume it is 10% again. And what percentage do we pass it on to the 
consumers? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
No, we have reset our reduction has been reduced. So that has been -- the prices has been 
reset. 
Sachin Gupta: 
So the previous rate, 10%,  has continued for after that expiry as well. 
Saurabh Beria: 
Correct. And we are passing on the entire tariff to the end consumer, right? 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pooja Sanghvi from InCred Asset Management. It's a 
follow-up question. 
Pooja Sanghvi: 
I just wanted to ask on the geopolitical crisis and how it would have impacted our transport 
and logistics and how did we cope with the same? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
Yes. So Pooja, it has impacted 2 geographies in a big way. One is the Middle East and Europe 
and U.K. And that has impacted our margin. That's why in this quarter also, the geography 
has been in negative because of this logistic cost. So hopefully, in the coming quarters, we 
will be able to partly pass on to the consumer.  

LT Foods Limited 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
But there is an impact on the business in Europe, U.K. and Middle East of this disruption. In 
Middle East, the freight rate has gone from $200 to $4,000. And that market was difficult to 
as competitive landscape has not allowed us to pass on to that market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Praveen Kumar from Acuitas Capital Advisors. 
Praveen Kumar: 
I had a couple of questions. One was that you have been referring to restructuring this organic 
business and the impact from the same. So just wanted to understand when would we have 
completed this restructuring? And when can we see the margin improvement in this part of 
the business? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
So in terms of changing our route to market earlier, we were selling to the wholesaler. Now 
we are directly selling to the retailer, which we call CPG. So all the infra has been set in 
terms of organization as well as the capex. So now I think in the coming quarters, I think we 
are expecting that in 1.5 years, every quarter, it will improve. 
Praveen Kumar: 
Okay. Do you have a sense of what it could be by the end of this year, the margins from this 
segment? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
Yes. So we are expecting that end of the year, for example, this organic business will be 
around INR70 crores to INR80 crores of EBITDA. 
Praveen Kumar: 
Understood. I had a second question on your experience in the Saudi and the Middle East 
markets. I understand that the current geopolitical crisis would have given some setbacks. 
But adjusted for that, except for that, what have been your early learnings from entering these 
tough competitive markets? If you could throw some light on that. 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
So you mean to about Middle East? 
Praveen Kumar: 
Yes, Middle East, particularly is the Saudi market. 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
Saudi and Middle East is almost same, very mature market, very tough entry barrier. But as 
a strategy, we have opted to in this market for the last 15 years, but we are going slow and 
steady. Every year, the business is growing. And we are choosing the either channel or the 
product where we have a better right to win.  
We are quite confident in the coming time; we will make our position respectable position 
in that kind of market. Because, in Middle East, mostly, it's a very commoditized end of the 
market, and we have chosen our playground where we will be growing and making margin 
also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Mathur from Systematix Group. 

LT Foods Limited 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Abhishek Mathur: 
Just again, on the Middle East market, it's clearly a sizable market. And I think as you 
mentioned, we have been here for 15 years. But I think we would just have reached maybe 
INR1,000-odd crores in terms of annual revenues here from the disclosures that you have 
given. –So if you can give some more color on what is our strategy now to maybe crack this 
market further. 
 
We would probably have scratched just about 2% to 3% of this market. So what is our 
strategy in the next maybe 5 to 10 years to further make inroads here? If you can give any 
color in terms of country-wise or product launch-wise or distribution-wise, how are we 
planning to sort of make further inroads? Or at some point, is there a thought to maybe exiting 
or abandoning because we have not made further inroads even after 15 years. Yes. 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
So as far as the exit is concerned, so no, that's our core business, and we will remain in the 
market. As far as the strategy is concerned, it's a very clear strategy that we will mostly play 
where the gross margins are good and maybe in the premium and mid-segment, not in the 
lower side. And as far as route to market is concerned, in some of the market, we will have 
our distributor in place. And in some of the market, we will have our direct distribution. So 
this is broadly the strategy on the product side and as far as go-to-market strategy. 
 
The growth will be in the range of 15% as the base is small, but we will keep growing in the 
Middle East. 
Abhishek Mathur: 
Got it, sir. And just a second question, a bookkeeping one. The other income for the quarter 
seems to have been quite low. Any one-offs here? Because in general, the other income for 
the past 2, 3 quarters has been a bit irregular. So any comment here? 
Sachin Gupta: 
So Abhishek, in the previous quarter, there was certain revaluation of the investments that 
happened, and that created an income. So there was a one-off income that was there. So now 
it is normalized everything and this income will remain as such. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavi Chauhan from Care PMS. 
Bhavi Chauhan: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is related to the company has 
shifted the shipment from CIF to C&I. So the freight costs have been reduced. I assume the 
sales cost should be reduced. But if I look at the other expense as the absolute numbers, it 
has been increased from INR419 crores to INR486 crores. Could you please provide the 
breakup of this? 
Sachin Gupta: 
Firstly, I want to state one thing. This change in the shipment terms has happened with a 
related party, one of the subsidiaries that is in the U.S. So we have changed that terms. So it 
is just the movement from the other expenditure that has come to the GP margins. So  
regarding the other expenditure, yes, the other expenditure has increased in this quarter from  

LT Foods Limited 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
if you're comparing with the immediate year-on-year basis from INR419 crores to INR486 
crores. 
 
This is mainly because of the increased operations, if you look at because now the Golden 
Star, one of our subsidiaries, that has got consolidated. In the last year, it was not getting 
consolidated. There was no consolidation of the revenue or the other expenditure. So this has 
resulted in an increase in the revenue side as well as the expense side as well. 
Bhavi Chauhan: 
Okay. And the second question is related to the U.S. U.S. revenue grew by 49% on a 
normalized basis on the 29%. The company was talking about some discounts. So this growth 
is after discount or the discount is yet to be passed on and it will be impact coming in next 
quarter? 
Sachin Gupta: 
 The sales are recorded at net basis. So there is no discounting or other things that happen. 
So it is the net sales that are being recorded, the promotions and these are always as per the 
accounting itself, this is to be net off. So these have been netted off. 
Bhavi Chauhan: 
Okay. And another last one is on the supplier financing side. 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
In the last quarter, the Golden Star was not consolidated. In this quarter, it is consolidated. 
So that is the normalization. 
Sachin Gupta: 
Not the discounting. 
Bhavi Chauhan: 
Yes, yes. Got it. So the last question is related to the supplier financing. So supplier financing 
has increased our interest cost, but like our working capital has been reduced because of our 
reduction in the inventory fees and debtor daysSo how much working capital optimizations 
have been realized due to this and like how much it can be reduced further? 
Sachin Gupta: 
So we hope we are at the optimum level of the supplier funding of these kinds. So yes, some 
legroom of 4-5 days might be there, but not a major one from this current level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rehan Saiyyed from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Sir, I have one last question. So I just wanted to understand looking at your medium-term 
aspiration of becoming like global food and organic company, if we exclude the traditional 
basmati business, so which vertical do you expect to contribute the largest share of 
incremental EBIT over the next 2 to 5 years? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
Okay, good question. So I think the basmati will grow in 10%, 12%. The RTH because it's a 
small base, that will grow in 15%, 20% and organic will be in the range of 10%, 12%. That's 
the guidance. 

LT Foods Limited 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vipulkumar Shah from Sumangal Investments. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
Yes. my first question is, can you give the volume and revenue for each of our 4 major 
geographies, India, U.S., Europe and MENA region? 
Sachin Gupta: 
So as regarding the quantitative one, the India revenue in this quarter itself, it was 1,09,000 
tonnes. And internationally, there was 1,17,000 tonnes of sales that happened in this quarter 
itself. 
Vipul Shah: 
Okay. And sir, second question is regarding why the margin has reduced so sharply margin 
and volume contribution of organic business has contributed so sharply in organic food 
business. 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
We have restructured the business model of organic. Earlier, we were selling to the 
wholesaler. So now we have opened up our stock and sell distribution in Europe. So we have 
set up the plant there, and we have created a full-fledged organization, sales organization 
there. 
 
That's why the margin -- EBITDA margins are lower, but in terms of gross margins, we are 
there. So hopefully, I just told that when the business is scaling up by the end of the year, we 
are expecting the organic business EBITDA to be in the range of -- which is right now 4% 
will be in the range of 7% to 8%. And going forward, it will come back to the double-digit 
EBITDA. 
Vipul Shah: 
we have sales in U.S. also from organic division, right, sir? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
Yes, yes. So 2 are our main markets. One is Europe, which is the biggest and followed by 
America. 
Vipul Shah: 
Okay. So what is the tariff rate we are paying on organic food at U.S. right now? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
Same 10%. 
Vipul Shah: 
So that appeal where our tariff was reduced from more than 300% to 75%. So right now, we 
are not paying 75% on organic. 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
You're confusing with the soya case CVD, which was on soya. We are not now exporting 
soya to USA. So mainly rice and oilseeds go there, where we have a 10% duty. we have got 
a reduction already. And whatever the balance is left, we are in the court. Hopefully, we will 
get a win there. 

LT Foods Limited 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anubhav Mukherjee from Prescient Capital. 
Anubhav Mukherjee: 
Sir, in your rice business, the volume growth was 11%, but the revenue growth was 32%. I 
understand there is a 10% tariff also in US. But overall, can you bridge that gap in terms of 
like, what is driven by higher realisation? Can you give some color? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
So you said your top line has grown than the volume growth. So it is the impact of 2. One is 
inflation in the commodity, which we have passed on. And second is duty, which was in 
USA.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nan from Marcellus Investment Managers. 
Nan: 
Congratulations on excellent set of numbers. So my question is twofold. The first question 
that I had was on the market share. So I've been looking at your market share since the last 
2 years in India, and it has consistently gone down from 30% to 10% to now 33%. In fact, 
FY26 was 23.7%, and it's now 23.1%. 
 
So any reason why this is going down? Is it because of the competitive intensity rising 
because of that third player coming in as someone had mentioned before on the call? Or is it 
something else? So that's the first question. 
 
Secondly, in the U.S., whilst you've said that basmati in the U.S. is a far faster-growing 
business, but because it's a smaller market, it's growing at a faster level. Jasmine rice is a 
larger market growing at a smaller pace. Has that changed? Or is it the same thing, same 
dynamic going on in the U.S.? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
So thank you. So first of all, as far as India business is concerned, we are consistently growing 
double digit, around 18% CAGR growth in India for the last 3 years. As far as market share 
is concerned, this quarter, we have improved. And 2, 3 years back, Nielsen has reset their 
ways of doing the things. But we are consistently very strong player in all our strong market, 
which is Maharashtra, Gujarat, MP, we are number 1. 
 
And in some market, the e-commerce, we are focusing on e-commerce as in urban market, a 
lot of sales has gone to e-commerce, where we command around 40-plus market share in all 
platform. As far as household penetration is concerned, we have also increased 20 lakh 
households in the last year. 
Moderator: 
Nan, does that answer your question? 
Nan: 
Yes, it does. So that's the first question, methodology change that happened with Nielsen and 
not really your market share going down. That answers the first question. The second 
question is on basmati market size and Jasmine rice market size in the U.S. Has it changed? 

LT Foods Limited 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Has anything changed there? If you can just help us. 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
No. The category is growing in USA. So there is no impact of the duty and all these things. 
And that's why our U.S. business is, of course, growing better than the category, but category 
is also growing. 
Nan: 
Okay. So no change there? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
No. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Unni from Geojit Investments Limited. 
Unni: 
I have 2 questions. First is regarding the organic segment. Like what is the expected revenue 
growth once the restructuring is done? And second is regarding RTH and RTC. Even though 
there is revenue growth, why EBITDA margin is declining? Is there any change in the target 
to reach for the breakeven to happen? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
So in organic business, the guidance we have given is that we will grow in double digit. -- 
This quarter, it has improved in the last quarter -- last quarter was negative. So going forward, 
every quarter, we are expecting and we are confident that it will come back to the double-
digit margin and double-digit growth. As far as RTH is concerned, the breakeven, what we 
have given the guidance. 
Sachin Gupta: 
So it is the breakeven that will be coming at a revenue size of INR400 crores. INR400 crores 
at that, and we are on track on achieving that. It will take 2 to 3 years' time for achieving that 
number. So we are on track on achieving. It is just the RTH in the U.S. that has somewhat 
affect what that has done, but we are on track. 
Unni: 
Okay. So in the case of organic segment, whether it's lower double digit or double digit? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
No, in terms of growth or in margin? 
Unni: 
In terms of both growth and margin. 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
That's what I just told that we are confident that the organic business, both in terms of growth 
and margin will be double digit in the coming quarters. When I say coming quarters, so we 
are saying 1.5 year by year '27-'28, it will be fully back. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of K B Sankara Rao, an Individual Investor. 
K B Sankara Rao: 
This is regarding the refund of duties in the U.S. by the court. So are we eligible for the 
refunds and how much we are eligible? 

LT Foods Limited 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
Yes, we are eligible for the refund and partly it has come in the first quarter. And yes, but we 
have not booked any income yet. We are in talk with our customers. 
K B Sankara Rao: 
Okay. My second question is regarding convenience food. Currently, we are growing around 
13% in the last quarter. And if you have to reach 25% to 30% levels, is it possible? 
Sachin Gupta: 
We have achieved a revenue growth of 13%. Can we achieve 20%-25% growth? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
Yes. That's what we said that the new capacity is going to start in the coming time. So in 3 
years' time, we wanted to double the revenue of RTH. That's the goal we are following. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Beria from Sameeksha Capital. It is a follow-
up question. 
Saurabh Beria: 
I would like to just retouch upon the margins. So on a Q-on-Q basis, our gross and EBITDA 
margins have improved. So despite the elevated freight cost, we are showing an improvement 
in the gross margins. So what has been the major driver? And can you just quantify that what 
as a percentage of sales, the freight cost got elevated? I have a follow-up question on this, 
too. So this was my first question. 
Sachin Gupta: 
So Saurabh, what happened in the last quarter, the tariff that was in the U.S., that was at 50%. 
This has got reduced to 10%. So as you know, we can't be earning margins on the tariff itself. 
So that was the main reason for the improvement and the decrease, if you call it a decrease 
in the last quarter. So we are on the basis of that, we have increased the GP margins this year 
-- this quarter. 
Saurabh Beria: 
My question was on the freight part. Like what was as a percentage of sales, how much 
freight got elevated? And despite the elevated freight cost in the 1Q on a Q-on-Q basis, our 
margins are higher. So what is driving that was my central question. 
Sachin Gupta: 
So last quarter, what happened, there were certain one-off exceptional events that happened 
in our last presentation itself, there was a damage retention. That has phased out in this 
quarter. And as far as the logistic cost as a percentage to revenue, it was almost  it is 4.7% of 
my revenue cost as the logistic cost. So this has normalized. The last quarter, there were 
certain exceptional events that affected my margins. 
Saurabh Beria: 
Perfect. Secondly, on the Jasmine rice versus basmati. So at what rate both are going in the 
North America segment? What is their industry size? And on the pricing front, I believe 
Jasmine price is higher than the normal basmati rice. So are we possessing a higher margin 
on that part? Or what is the scenario? Any comment on this? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
So Saurabh, 2 are different. So Jasmine is 3x bigger than the basmati rice market. And there 

LT Foods Limited 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
are different consumer for basmati and Jasmine rice. So there is no cannibalization on this. 
On the price side, sometimes Jasmine is more expensive, sometimes basmati is more 
expensive, and that's how the pricing is done. Hope that answers your question. 
Saurabh Beria: 
Just a follow-up on this. So can you provide a growth rate for basmati and Jasmine 
separately? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
So more or less, both the categories are growing in the range of 5% to 10%. But Jasmine is 
growing a little faster than the basmati growth. 
Saurabh Beria: 
And on the margin side, what is the margins that the Golden Star JV possesses ? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
Golden Star is 100%. It's not now a JV. Yes. But both business has a good return on capital 
employed because in Jasmine business, we have a working capital cycle, which is roughly 
120 days, whereas in basmati, we have a bigger working capital cycle, and therefore, gross 
margins are higher. But in terms of return on capital employed, both businesses are healthy. 
Saurabh Beria: 
So I believe basmati has a higher EBITDA margin, but Jasmine has a higher ROIC, correct? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: 
Yes. . 
Moderator: 
That was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing remarks. Over to you. 
Monika Chawla Jaggia: 
On behalf of the management of LT Foods, we sincerely appreciate your participation in our 
post earnings call today. We remain excited that there is a growth journey that we are eyeing 
at. So we hope we have been able to address most of your queries and provide clarity on our 
performance and outlook.  
For any further questions or follow-ups, please feel free to reach out to me or our Investor 
Relations partner, Ernst & Young. The team will be happy to connect with you offline and 
assist you with any additional information that you may require. Now you may please close 
the call. Thank you once again, and we look forward to staying engaged with all of you. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Motilal Oswal, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
