                                                            
    
 
  
केन्द्रीय कायाालय: "सौदामिनी", प्लॉट नंबर 2, सेक्टर -29, गुरुग्राि -122001, (हररयाणा) दूरभाष: 0124-2822999 & 2822000 
Corporate Office: “Saudamini”, Plot No. 2, Sector-29, Gurugram-122001, (Haryana) Tel.: 0124-2822999 & 2822000 
पंजीकृत कायाालय: बी -9, कुतुब इंस्टीट्यूशनल एररया, कटवाररया सराय, नई मदल्ली -110 016. दूरभाष: 011-26560112, 26560115 & 26560193, CIN: L40101DL1989GOI038121 
Registered Office: B-9, Qutab Institutional Area, Katwaria Sarai, New Delhi-110 016. Tel: 011-26560112, 26560115 & 26560193,   
CIN : L40101DL1989GOI038121 
Website: www.powergrid.in 
 
 
14th August, 2026 
 
To 
The General Manager (Listing), 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza, C 1/G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai. 
 
To 
The General Manager (Listing), 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai. 
 
 
 
Reference:  NSE-SCRIP ID: POWERGRID; BSE Scrip Code: 532898  
EQ – ISIN INE752E01010 
 
Sub.:  
Transcript of Webinar for Investors’ & Analysts’ on Financial 
Performance of POWERGRID for 1st quarter ended 30th June, 2026                    
(FY 2026-27) held on 07th August, 2026. 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find enclosed herewith copy of 
Transcript of Webinar held on Friday, 07th August, 2026 for Investors’ & Analysts’ on 
Financial Performance of POWERGRID for 1st quarter ended 30th June, 2026                         
(FY 2026-27).  
  
Thanking You.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
(Anjana Luthra) 
 Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above. 
 
Anjana 
Luthra
Digitally signed by Anjana Luthra 
Date: 2026.08.14 18:42:21 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Transcript of Webinar 
(For Q1 FY 2026-27) 
Friday, 07th August, 2026, 11 A.M. (IST) 
 
Management 
 
Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan 
Chairman & Managing Director  
[with additional charge of Director (Projects)] 
Dr. Yatindra Dwivedi  
Director (Personnel)  
[with additional charge of Director (Finance)] 
Shri Naveen Srivastava  
Director (Operations)  
 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Shri Venkata S.V. 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Smt. Anjana Luthra 
  Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
Moderator 
 
Shri Mohit Kumar    
  ICICI Securities Limited 
 
 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Transcript of Webinar 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings call Webinar hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Please note this conference call is being recorded. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Thanks, Ryan. Good morning. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome you all to the Q1 FY27 
Earnings Webinar of Power Grid Corporation of India Limited. We will start with detailed 
presentation, which will be followed by Q&A. I would like to thank the management for giving 
us the opportunity to host the webinar. Without much delay, now I hand over the call to                         
Mrs. Anjana Luthra, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of POWERGRID. Thank you, 
and over to you, ma'am. 
Anjana Luthra: 
Thank you, Mohit. Good morning. I am pleased to welcome you all to webinar for investors and 
analysts organized by Power Grid Corporation of India Limited. Today, our functional Directors 
and senior management team will discuss company business and share performance company's 
performance outlook based on Q1 FY26-27 financial results recently announced on 5th of 
August 2026. 
 
Now I would like this privilege to introduce our functional Directors: Shri Burra Vamsi Rama 
Mohan, Chairman and Managing Director, he is also holding Additional Charge of Director 
(Projects). 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
 Namaste. 
Anjana Luthra: 
Dr. Yatindra Dwivedi, Director (Personnel), he is also holding Additional Charge of Director 
(Finance). 
Dr. Yatindra Dwivedi: 
Good morning. 
Anjana Luthra: 
Shri Naveen Srivastava, Director (Operations). 
Naveen Srivastava: 
Good morning. 
Anjana Luthra: 
We also have with us Shri Venkata Subrahamanayam Vallurie, Chief Financial Officer. 
Venkata S.V.: 
Namaste. 
Anjana Luthra: 
And other senior officials with us. Now I request Chairman and Managing Director for the 
presentation to the investors. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Good morning, all. Thank you for joining this webinar on the earnings update of Power Grid 
Corporation of India Limited for the Q1 ending 30th June 2026. We have a standard disclaimer 
before the presentation. This is available on the screen. 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
 
The presentation outline will be in the manner like we start with the highlights and overview, 
execution and operations, competition, the order pipeline and the outlook of the sector, financial 
performance of the company, sustainability and recognitions. 
 
As far as the highlights and overview, pleased to inform that the gross fixed assets stand at about 
Rs. 3.25 lakh crore plus. The transmission lines in terms of circuit kilometers are about 1,86,000 
circuit kilometers. Transformation capacity is 6,34,516 MVA with about 291 substations which 
it encompasses. The system availability continues to be one of the highest in terms of 99.8%.  
 
The market position, the shareholding of Government of India continues to be about 51.34%. 
Market cap Rs. 2.66 lakh crore, and the FII shareholding, DII shareholding at 24.33% and 
20.70% respectively. The credit profile continues to be one of the finest in terms of the domestic 
as well as international. All these figures are as on 30th June, 2026. 
 
The major elements which have been commissioned in the quarter FY27 are about 1,635 circuit 
kilometers and which is almost 35% of the last year's achievement in the first quarter of Q1, we 
achieved almost 35% of what we achieved last year. The transformation capacity stands about 
10,500 MVA. The transmission lines which have been commissioned during this period are 765 
kV Kurnool III - Maheshwaram, 765kV Dausa - Beawar in Rajasthan, a 400 kV new Navsari-
Kala, 400 kV Kadapa - Ananthapuram again in Andhra Pradesh. 
 
The transformation capacity has been added in Bikaner III substation, KPS3, Fatehgarh III, 
Padghe, and the 400 kV systems include Jabalpur PS, Satna substation, Ananthapuram and 
Fatehgarh III. Added to this, after June '26, the major systems which have been completed are 
765 kV Raichur-Koppal II PS line in the state of Karnataka, 400 kV Gadag II-Koppal II PS and 
that also is in the state of Karnataka, and 400 kV Bikaner II and Bikaner III in state of Rajasthan. 
These projects are by and large associated with the RE generation in the respective states. A new 
765/400 kV substation in Koppal has been also been completed. 
 
The guidance what was given as Rs. 37,000 crore, we are pleased to inform that compared to 
last year, we have the capex is more than 10% what we have achieved in this quarter in Q1 itself. 
And on the capitalization front, the guidance standing at Rs. 30,000 crore, it is almost 3.13 times 
than what we have achieved in the last quarter. So, as against 1,683, we stand about Rs. 5,277 
crores as far as capitalization is concerned. 
 
Availability and the tripping per line continues to be one of the finest in the sector. Pleased to 
inform, as you are aware that POWERGRID had these emergency restoration systems for tower 
which proved very beneficial during emergency situations, and POWERGRID has also been 
inching towards bringing in similar systems on the substation front. 
 
As you all are aware, the 220 kV mobile GIS bay was successfully indigenously developed in 
association with POWERGRID, and now we have also got the 132 kV mobile GIS bay and 400 
kV GIS bay is shortly on the end. So basically, we are well-armed with trying to deal with the 
urgent situations whichever are going to arise during the construction phase and the operation 
phase. 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
 
TBCB front, the competition if you are talking about, the success till July 2026 in inter-state as 
well as intra-state, 6 transmission projects altogether have been successfully won, with a total 
gross annual tariff about Rs. 2,200 crores. The performance stands at about 47% cumulative as 
well as the ISTS goes, and including both inter-state and intra-state, total 19 projects were bid 
during this period, of which POWERGRID was successful in 6 projects. It also includes an intra-
state project. 
 
And a new element added to the asset class in the country, and POWERGRID was the first in 
securing this project, that is the Synchronous Condenser, the first of its kind in the country itself. 
So, POWERGRID's maiden foray, I should say, into the new asset class, a 400 kV level system 
bays are also associated with it. 
 
Two such Synchronous Condensers in Fatehgarh II, and this is expected to improve the system 
strength, that is the short-circuit ratio, reactive power support during faults, increased grid 
inertia, and damping of the low-frequency oscillations, which are the characteristics of the 
Synchronous Condenser. So, all these benefits would be accruing once this system is in position, 
so as to bring better integration of the RE into the grid. 
 
Total outlook for the sector, the value in terms of Rs. 1.75 lakh crore, which are the works in 
hand for POWERGRID, which includes both TBCB and RTM and others. The bidding pipeline 
is also very strong in terms of Rs. 1.19 lakh crore, and the long-term outlook is also very secure, 
about more than Rs. 15 lakh crore, which is there. 
 
Getting into the details of each of this, the Rs. 1.75 lakh crore which work in hand, the TBCB 
amounts naturally having a lion's share, about Rs. 1.46 lakh crores. RTM stands about Rs. 25,000 
crore, and the other business, smart metering, data center, and BESS, all of that include about 
Rs. 4,200 crore. Summing up to a total works in hand about Rs. 1.75 lakh crore, of which Rs. 
50,000 crore is CWIP. 
Bidding pipeline, under bidding, Rs. 73,875 crore, and which are to be floated are about Rs. 
45,000 crore, with total projects which are to be under bidding in the pipeline about Rs. 1.19 
lakh crore. And the major projects which are there on the system are the Rajasthan Barmer 
complex HVDC, Jam Khambhaliya-Jamnagar-Lakadia project, the ERES Nawada-Durgapur, 
the pump storage associated transmission system, Lakadia and Jam Khambhalia-Jamnagar 
system, Bikaner Rajasthan. So, all these things put together, for Rs. 1.19 lakh crore available in 
the market. 
 
The strategic drivers powering up the transmission system investment cycle, as you are aware, 
the plans of the CEA and the Ministry, the National Electricity Plan, the anchor program of 900 
plus gigawatt by 2035-'36, Rs. 7.9 lakh crore, and the hydro potential in the northeast portion of 
Brahmaputra Basin, about Rs. 6.4 lakh crores. and the data centers emerging to be one of the 
strongest intake for the transmission systems to evolve, about 71 GW.  
Added to that, the One Sun, One World, One Grid, this also getting active traction in terms of 
the increasing challenges owing to Hormuz, so the need for integration is much more visible 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
now. So, we expect that the neighbouring countries get associated in strengthening the grid 
beyond the borders. 
POWERGRID has signed a loan agreement with JBIC, signed a green loan agreement of JPY80 
billion, riding on the subsidiary towards hedging which the Government of India has announced.  
And robust collections continue to be there in the sector, with the billing standing at about Rs. 
10,963 crore, and the realization about 104%, that is Rs. 11,404 crore. A comparison with the 
previous quarter and the current quarter visibly indicates that the number of receivable days 
come down from 19.41 to about 12 days. 
The financial performance: On the consolidated front, which I will be focusing upon, the 
transmission charges, there's a 3% increase from Rs. 10,620 crore to Rs. 10,905 crore, and the 
total income from Rs. 11,444 crore to Rs. 11,697 crore. The PAT stands at about Rs. 3,598 crore 
compared to Rs. 3,631 crore of the previous quarter.  
And I would like to say over here that the total increase in the transmission charges, that's about 
Rs. 790 crore owing to the new assets which have been commissioned. You need to appreciate 
that we are under the regulatory tariff regime which the major of the assets continue to be there. 
So, the regulatory characteristics or the trajectory, I should say, has a revenue reduction in terms 
of the depreciation and interest, which are but natural in the regulated regime, about Rs. 330 
crore, and Rs. 230 crore is owing to the interest because of the difference between the petitions 
filed and the orders issued by the regulator.  
So, this amounts to about Rs. 560 crore was the downside owing to the regulatory nature of 
revenue. While the transmission charges continue to boost forward and move forward, the 
regulatory characteristic of the assets class which we have owned has an impact on the financial 
figures over here. So while the effective PAT would have been plus Rs. 247 crore, but for the 
regulatory characteristic, it stands about minus Rs. 33 crores, a reduction of about 1%. The 
standalone financial figures also reflect the similar kind of a trend over here. 
The financial performance continues to be strong in terms of the gross fixed assets continue to 
move upwards from Rs. 2,92,446 crore to Rs. 3,25,671 crore. The capital work in progress from 
Rs. 41,610 crore to Rs. 50,419 crore. And the increase in debt, an obvious indication of the 
growth path of the company. The net worth improving from Rs. 96,482 crore to Rs. 1,04,028 
crore. And the ratios accordingly owing to the increased net worth having an impact of earnings 
per share standing at 3.87, and book value per share about 111.85. 
Other key information: The income from previous periods, Q1 there was plus Rs. 8 crore and 
Q1 of '27 is Rs. minus 22 crore. The interest in the differential tariff which I was saying so was 
from Rs. 257 crore stands at Rs. 22 crore. Interest from subsidiaries continue to be up, and the 
incentive as a consolidated figure is also growing.  
The dividend from the JV and subsidiaries is less owing to the status of held for sale of Torrent, 
Sikkim Power and Parbati Koldam, so the figures reflect the situation over there. And CSR 
expenses continue to be steady. All the other ratios including the equity in TBCB and equity in 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
TBCB both in operation and construction continue to improve owing to the nature of projects 
what POWERGRID is establishing. 
On the consultancy and telecom front, the Q1 of FY27 stands at Rs. 252 crore and Rs. 391 crore, 
respectively. And on the telecom front, the connectivity to Andaman and Nicobar has also been 
provided by POWERGRID 's subsidiary, that is PowerTel. The first international long-distance 
communication established to Nepal, so adding up more business to the telecom division.  
Bulk order from NIC and NKN project continue to move it forward. 100% backbone availability 
is the hallmark of the telecom systems. On the consultancy front, the domestic front we had 16 
orders and on the international 3 orders, and the country footprint is about 25 countries what the 
consultancy footprint stands. 
On the sustained commitment, pleased to inform that the target set for 2025 has been already 
achieved in 2025 as far as the 50% electricity from RE is achieved. And the other targets in 
terms of achieving zero waste to landfill, more than 90% achieved and we are close to achieving 
that by 2030, which the target is set.  
Becoming the net water positive is also having encouraging results with more than 50% 
achieved, and we should be able to achieve much ahead of the target. Becoming net zero, the 
target standing at 2047, 20% reduction already achieved and we are inching forward to that date. 
On the accolades and recognitions, pleased to inform that POWERGRID has been awarded 
owing to the initiative under the CSR scheme Vidyalakshmi Scholarship Scheme which 
POWERGRID initiated, and POWERGRID has also been conferred with the McKeown Award. 
And also, the PowerTel has been recognized by the NIXI for its Maximum Traffic User Award. 
And on the industry front, Technology and Innovation Award, and FICCI DE&I award. 
Thank you. Thank you for the patient hearing. 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Prasad. Please announce your company name and go ahead with your question. 
Prasad, please accept the prompt and proceed with your question. Since there is no response, 
we'll move on to the next question, which is from the line of Apoorva Bahadur. Please announce 
your company name and go ahead with your question. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Hi, sir. I hope I am audible. This is Apoorva from IIFL Capital. Thank you for the opportunity. 
Sir, you touched upon this on the drag which is coming from decline in depreciation, normative 
depreciation, as well as some regulatory differences. Would be helpful if you can quantify this 
drag in depreciation and its impact on revenue. How much would that be for this quarter? 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan:  
For Q1, depreciation and interest, which stands about Rs. 330 crore and owing to the interest 
because of the differential between our filing and also the CERC order date, that stands about 
Rs. 230 crore. So, it would be about Rs. 560 crore the drag on account of the regulatory 
characteristic. 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Okay, okay, sir. And how do we see this, sir, going ahead, especially because I think depreciation 
probably will pick a little bit more pace? I recall in the last cycle we added a lot of capacity 
around 2014, '15, '16 that time, so that would be completing 12 years. How should we think 
about that, sir? 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan:  
See, as you rightly said, what capitalization happened 12 years ago, that will definitely have an 
impact, because that is the characteristic of the industry itself, the transmission industry under 
the regulatory regime. So, this is the quantum of capitalization what has happened in the previous 
12 years, it would have an impact. But then that is a part of the regulatory characteristic, so that 
should not be a cause of concern because that is the way how the revenues and the expenses are 
taken care of. 
Apoorva Bahadur:  
Sir, if I'm not wrong, this should have been profit neutral, right? Because there's a reduction in 
revenue and a reduction in the expense as well. Yet, I believe it had an impact on profitability. 
Could you help us sort of reconcile that, because despite the Rs. 28,000 crore capitalization last 
year, profits have remained largely flat. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Yes. One is that certain components, which otherwise were available in the previous quarters, 
some couldn't have been available. Like for example, the interest owing to the differential 
between the CERC orders standing at Rs. 230 crore is no longer available now. And also, the 
write-back on account of a particular asset class, which was there in the previous quarter, is not 
available over here. 
 
So, this has an effect of bringing it down. Added to that, Sudharshan, you may add to this. The 
depreciation what is being accounted for as well as the tariff which is there, there would be 
always a differential in that. 
Management: 
Yes sir, that also is having a marginal difference in depreciation and interest because it will not 
match what is the notional what has taken in the regulation. Because of that, there is a marginal 
impact, marginal impact. But by and large, the impact is because of the interest on differential 
between provisional and final. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Major impact is basically interest on the differential between the CERC's orders and also the 
write-back on account of one of the projects last year which has happened. So, that differential 
is actually what is visible on the financials. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Understood. And sir, just one last question. If you can share, of the Rs. 13,000 crore of equity 
which we have invested in the TBCB business so far for both operational and under-construction 
projects, how much of that would have been funded by taking debt at the standalone or parent 
level or is it all of it is through equity itself or cash? 
Management: 
All of it is through equity only. Internal accruals. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Internal accruals. POWERGRID has a strong internal revenue mechanism, and it is capable 
enough to take care of the quantum of growth what we are foreseeing. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Sure, sir. Understood. Thanks a lot. All the best. 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Bharanidhar. Please accept the prompt 
and announce your company name and go ahead with your question. 
Bharanidhar: 
Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Bharanidhar: 
Great. Yes, I'm Bharanidhar from Avendus Spark. My first question is on the Rs. 7.9 lakh crores 
of estimated capex by 2036 by the government in the transmission space to augment non-fossil 
fuel-based capacity addition in the country. So, my question is, in how many years, in your 
opinion, you think that would be bid out? 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
The Rs. 7.9 lakh crore? 
Bharanidhar: 
Yes. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
This one, I should say that is kind of a medium part. Immediately it is standing as Rs. 1.19 lakh 
crore, and Rs. 7.9 lakh crore is to be immediately bid out. Based upon the traction what we are 
receiving, there is going to be continuous inflow of projects into the system. So, the Rs. 7.9 lakh 
crore would be spread across maybe another 3 years or so, because we need the systems by '35, 
'36. The next 3 to 4 years this will have to be spread across. 
 
So, that the systems will have to be available in '35, '36. So, considering about 2 to 3 years of 
the construction period, so these projects should be visible, should be on bar in the next 3 to 4 
years. But having said that, it will be by and large dependent upon the others also because 
transmission is an offshoot of generation. 
 
So, the quantum of generation coming up, not only generation, understand, here it would be the 
data centers, the green hydrogen, these are new set of requirements where it is going to push the 
transmission system, not limited to merely a generator, it also has a new specific loads which 
are coming in terms of green hydrogen, data center, green ammonia, and we already see few of 
the projects already taking position in terms of the eastern and western parts of the country. So, 
this is going to give further boost, and it could be that much faster as well. 
Bharanidhar: 
Understood. Related to the same thing, is inflation and other cost escalation built in this estimate 
by the government or is there a scope for increase in this total Rs. 7.9 lakh crore in the future? 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
See, these are general estimates. Obviously, it would be difficult to factor in the quantum of 
escalations what would be happening during this period of time. So, should there be a massive 
escalation, it obviously would get reflected in these costs. 
Bharanidhar: 
So, there is a scope for increase in this number. Okay. And again, related to the same Rs. 7.9 
lakh crore number, just to clarify, this will also include cost of acquiring land, right? And if so, 
whether the new land rates according to the new guidelines by Ministry of Power, the last 1 year, 
2 years, is it been incorporated or you think that will also, result in some scope increase in the 
cost because it may not have been included? 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
That's quite an interesting question, I should say. You see, these guidelines which have been 
notified by the Government of India regarding the land compensation in terms of the right of 
way challenges what we have witnessed in the transmission line, few of the states, initially it 
was Delhi and Haryana who have adopted it. 
 
You see recently Gujarat also adopting it, and other states following suit. So obviously, this has 
not been factored while working upon the estimates, and it is presently not possible to actually 
even factor in the quantum because that would be emerging only once the MRC rate has been 
finalized. 
 
So, as we move forward, we get more clarity as to what extent of compensation would be 
included in these systems. It could be project-specific, depending upon the location, high urban 
areas and rural areas, that would have a different impact. As we move forward, we'll get more 
clarity on this, but these are the quantum of systems which would be coming up, keeping in view 
kind of the growth trajectory, achieving 900 GW non-fossil capacity by 2035-36. 
Bharanidhar: 
Understood. So essentially, essentially even the land compensation, which can be higher, is not 
in this number. It can be higher. Okay. My final question is on basically the general execution 
delays that the transmission space is facing, including us. As it stands now, is there anything you 
would like to highlight on status of these reasons why delays are happening? 
 
Meaning, is there still delays due to equipment availability? What is your view on delays in 
acquiring land, or labour shortage, or the entire process of finding out the land rate based on new 
circle rates or market rates to give compensation for right of way? So, it would be good to hear 
your views on the execution delays and the status. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Sure. Earlier, as you recall, the timeline taken for a transmission line was about 36 to 40 months. 
Subsequently, there was a lot of demand that from the private parties that they would be 
implementing the systems in much tighter timelines, and it has gone to the extent of 18 months 
was the timeline given to a 765 kV double circuit line, which is quite a challenging timeline. 
 
So, over a period of time, it has been now recognized and realized that these timelines are not 
practical in terms of implementing transmission systems. So now, Government of India has 
revisited these timelines and improved upon, which now stands about 26 to 30 months plus. 
 
So, this is going to make sure that whatever projects are there are having adequate timeline for 
them to implement. So as far as the policy goes, yes, it has been recognized that transmission 
lines do take time in terms of implementing them. 
 
The second part of it is the land compensation with the guidelines coming in and with the states 
taking forward, few of the states taking over, there will be some settling time for them to actually 
arrive at the mechanism for the MRC. There could be nuances in each of the state as to how they 
would be dealing it. 
 
So, as and when this particular issue is overcome, I'm sure it will be that much faster rather than 
we finding it difficult in building up transmission systems. If these guidelines are well accepted 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
and it's translating into reality with the compensation duly being paid to the landowner, I'm sure 
it would be bringing that ease in implementing of the transmission systems. 
 
Having said that, the challenge of ROW is there, cannot be wished away. With more increased 
urbanization, increased other infrastructures coming into the picture, so we will have to coexist 
and build these systems to ensure adequate evacuation in the country. 
Bharanidhar: 
Sure. Except if you can highlight if there is any challenge due to equipment also. That will be 
my last question? Thank you. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Equipment supply, with the high-intensity growth in this sector, obviously the existing capacities 
at times have a challenge in trying to provide the supplies. And looking into the POWERGRID, 
POWERGRID has taken an initiative of trying to give much more visibility to the manufacturers 
in terms of procuring it in bulk rather than project-specific procurements. 
 
This has given the confidence to the OEMs, so they have started establishing good quantum of 
capacities, which I'm sure is now reflecting in terms of better discovery of prices and also better 
timelines. And eventually, it is going to be doing good to the sector, so the stress on the 
equipment supplies which was there some time back should not be as much what it was before. 
So that is going to ease. 
Bharanidhar: 
So, you're telling that the equipment supply challenge we had in high-capacity transformers or 
GIS substations is significantly lesser now? 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
This will be-- Yes, it would not be as bad as what it was before because the manufacturers are 
also now ready to take on the additional capacity requirements. So, there is ramping up capacity 
in the country as well, so that is going to do a lot of good to the sector in terms of timely 
availability of the equipment. 
Bharanidhar: 
And obviously because government has recently allowed few Chinese companies also to be able 
to bid, that will also probably ease the equipment supply starting, right? 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
It should, it should. With more capacity, obviously more players in the field will definitely ease 
the situation. 
Bharanidhar: 
Thank you so much, sir. I will join the queue. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants in the interest of time and fairness to others, we request you to restrict 
it to two questions per participants. We take the next question from the line of Ketan Jain. Please 
accept the prompt, announce your company name, and go ahead with your question. 
Ketan Jain: 
Hi, good morning, sir. My name is Ketan, I'm from Avendus Spark. So, wanted to double-check 
on a follow-up question from previous participant. On the difference in tariff from CERC and 
our filing, what is the reason behind this? Is it that CERC has not approved some of our 
expenses? 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
No, I think I should put some clarity over here. The trajectory of the tariff of the regulator is that 
they recognize the tariff towards the cost of loan, that is the cost of debt, they recognize it as 
depreciation, and they unwind that particular cost in 12 years. That's the nature of the tariff what 
the regulator gives. 
 
After 12 years, the entire debt is supposed to be done away with, and then it's only the equity 
portion. So, the characteristic of the tariff in itself will fall down after 12 years because the 
component towards the repayment of the loan is to be addressed within that time. So that is the 
way how the tariff has been governed. 
 
So that is one part, the trajectory of the tariff of the regulator. The second part of it is, as we file 
a petition towards the for the tariff, and if there is a delay in the issuance of the order by the 
regulator, then during the intervening period, there is an interest which is accrued to the 
company, POWERGRID, SBI MCLR plus 150 basis points is what we are entitled to receive 
during the period because the order has not come into position by the regulator. 
 
So, all of that is also an additional revenue which comes into POWERGRID. As and when the 
orders are issued by CERC, that particular component obviously wouldn't exist. Such component 
was significantly available for us in Q1 in the previous year. 
 
And as the year progressed, the orders started being issued by the regulator, so that particular 
component dwindled. So, presently, that component is not significant, so you find a variance 
between the Q1 of the previous year and Q1 of the current year to the extent of Rs. 230 crore for 
the Q1 of '26 and '27. 
 
So, this is the nature of the regulatory regime which we are bound with. There is no other concern 
in terms of regulator not allowing any tariff and all, absolutely there's no such issue. The time 
taken by the regulator, because he's also stressed with a good number of petitions, and he has a 
cycle to dispose them off, but during that period, he makes sure that the developer is not at loss. 
So, there is a component of interest which is accrued to the developer, in this case as what I was 
saying Rs. 230 crore was the quantum which was available to us in Q1 last year. But as the year 
progressed, CERC started giving the orders, because their cycle will have to come through, so 
presently that particular revenue provision is naturally not available now. We get the orders, the 
final orders are already on the board. 
Ketan Jain: 
Understood. Thanks for your elaborate answer. So, if I understand, if I have to calculate the 
adjusted profit, I need to add Rs. 230 crore to the Q1 FY27 profit and also adjust the base for 
the writing back of any liability. What was that amount, sir? 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Yes, how much was that amount? 
 Management: 
Rs. 33 crore. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Rs. 33 crore which was available in the last quarter is not available to-- there was one provision 
of write-in of a particular company. KSK Mahanadi? KSK Mahanadi. That's not available. 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Ketan Jain: 
So, to calculate the adjusted profit, I should reduce the base profit by Rs. 33 crore and increase 
the current profit to by Rs. 230 crore. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Yes. 
Ketan Jain: 
Yes, that's it. Those were my questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Atul Tiwari. Please accept the prompt, 
announce your company name, and go ahead with your question. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Yes, sir. Sir, this is Atul here from J.P. Morgan. Sir, my question is on again on equipment 
supply status. So, especially for some equipment like transformers, the industry had seen quite 
a bit of increase in price rise over past few years because of a lot of ordering. 
 
But now has the situation started to normalize and are the prices stable and are they coming 
down? Because we gather that a lot of capacity is being added by vendors, which you also 
alluded to. And does it have a scope for reducing, at least to some extent, the cost of 
implementing the projects? 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Yes. As far as the increase in capacity as the nature or the law goes, with more players, more 
capacity in supplies, obviously it would have it will be having a reducing impact on the both the 
price as well as the timelines, availability of the systems. 
 
But having said that, the raw material, which is required for the transformers and all, that is the 
factor which will continue to impress upon the costing of this equipment over here. A 
combination of increased supplies and a combination and the raw material costs would have an 
eventual impact on the price line of those equipment. 
 
So, we see that the prices are quite stabilized over here, and in the year in the days or the months 
to come, we should see much better progress as far as the price go. While we would want and 
definitely, obviously, if the price is coming down, it will have a much better impact in terms of 
sweetening the revenues of POWERGRID in terms of the earnings of POWERGRID will be 
that much sweeter, as to be hoped. 
Atul Tiwari: 
And sir, what is the status of the award of Rajasthan Phase IV Barmer Complex HVDC project? 
What are the timelines here? 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
The timelines are that these bids have been submitted, the initial offers have been submitted. 
They're being evaluated by the bid process coordinator. And the next steps as what the BPC will 
have to take will have to be announced. So, the bids have been submitted. That's the status. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Is there a date for announcing out yet, or the date is still not out? 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
The date is still not out. The date is known just before the date of eRA one day before it's known, 
so it is not known as of now. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you. 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Thank you, Tiwari ji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Jinesh Karia. Please accept the prompt, 
announce your company name, and go ahead with your question. 
Jinesh Karia: 
Yes, hello. Am I audible? 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Yes. 
Jinesh Karia: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity, sir. So, you have mentioned a very strong pipeline going 
ahead from the Brahmaputra basin RE requirement, data center, GH2 opportunity. Any thoughts 
on how can we see the HVDC pipeline for the next 3 to 5 years? And any thoughts on whether 
we can have preponement of any of the capex that we have mentioned beyond '35, any thoughts 
on that? That is the first question. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
See, as you're aware, one of the project of HVDC is already in the pipeline, and by '27, there's 
traction for another project to come into the pipeline over there. We look forward for that. And 
having said that, almost 21 HVDC projects are there depending upon the evolution of the 
generation and the load centers, because we need both the points for us to identify the projects. 
 
So, the 900 GW report of CEA has about 14 HVDC projects and the Brahmaputra basin has 
about 6 HVDC projects. And the international HVDC projects linking Sri Lanka and Andaman 
and Myanmar, they also have actively under consideration. 
 
Depending upon the evolution of the technology, the ease in availability of these systems and 
the costing of these systems will have an impact in the planner deciding to go towards the 
HVDC. To tilt towards HVDC, we need to have the availability of because they have a long 
gestation period, these HVDC projects, and also they have significant costs. So, the planner will 
have to carefully examine the availability of the these projects and their requisite timelines and 
accordingly plan these systems. So, there is good traction as far as the HVDC projects which are 
visible in the country. 
Jinesh Karia: 
Got it, sir. So, like you mentioned cost overruns would one be one of the factors that to determine 
the timing and quantum of HVDC projects, any thoughts on how BESS as a system would play 
a role in the upcoming 5 years? Given rising side pressure from OEM capacity coming in might 
go down, but commodity inflation from for the OEMs' raw material can still drive up the pricing. 
So, any thoughts on HVDC being complemented with BESS or getting converted through BESS 
to some other technology? Any thoughts on that front? And just to follow up on that, what kind 
of equipment would we or any other transmission player would be procuring from Chinese 
OEMs who have received approvals from the government? So yes, those were the last two 
questions. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Yes, multiple questions over here, I should say. The replacement of HVDC with a BESS, as I 
don't think so it would be exactly so in that manner. BESS has its own utility and HVDC comes 
with its own utility part. So, these two components in the planner planning part will be taken by 
the planner and CEA put together. They will be seeing because it is not a static scenario. 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
 
What we need to appreciate is that the power sector is not a static scenario, with more generation 
coming in different locations, more data centers, or more loads having in different positions, this 
is continuously dynamic in nature. So, given the situation, given the costing of these systems, 
BESS, HVDC, and other alternative systems, including 1,200 kV HVAC systems, all these 
things are actively considered before finalizing upon that particular component which will have 
to be taken up, which is most suitable at that point of time. 
 
So, this the planner will evolve, and I'm sure that they are looking at it. Having said that, on the 
BESS front, the regulator also has recently come up with an amendment to the terms of tariff 
regulations, under which he's expecting that the integrated storage systems, that is the batteries 
or such kind of a systems, are given a provision that even the transmission developer like 
POWERGRID also can develop. 
 
So, POWERGRID is also working upon this very clearly, I mean very intensely, and we have 
also filed petitions before the regulator after obtaining the consent from the Northern and the 
Western Region RPCs. 
 
So, this is another opportunity for POWERGRID also to work into the BESS storage systems 
under the regulatory portion, that is under section 62 of the Electricity Act. So, we are working 
on that as well, but this largely depends upon the traction what is being given by the other 
stakeholders. 
Jinesh Karia: 
Thanks, and just if you could just follow up on the Chinese OEMs, the equipment that we plan 
to purchase, the kind of equipment which we plan to purchase from the Chinese OEMs who 
have received approvals. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
See, as you're aware, with the recent notification, 4 of the companies within the country have 
been allowed by the Government of India. Having said that, POWERGRID continues to be in 
adherence to the guidelines what are notified by the Government of India from time to time, and 
to the extent whatever we have the options for procuring these equipment from the neighbouring 
countries, POWERGRID will be adhering to that. 
Jinesh Karia: 
Got it, sir. Thank you. Thank you for patiently answering all my questions, and all the best. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Thanks so much, Jinesh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sumit Kishore. Please accept the prompt, 
announce your company name, and go ahead with your question. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My question is the equity investment in operational TBCB projects 
has gone up from Rs. 4,671 crore last year to Rs. 9,965 crore. Could you give us a sense, given 
TBCB is the main driver of growth, I mean what is the colour that you can provide us on the 
consolidated performance of TBCB in terms of revenue, EBITDA and PAT? And also give us a 
sense on what kind of return on the invested equity in operational TBCB projects you have been 
able to secure? 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
The operational part associated in TBCB operational has moved from Rs. 4,671 to Rs. 9,965. 
This is the mainstay, as what you're saying, the lion's share of the projects presently are under 
the TBCB regime, and there is competition in terms of securing these projects. Obviously, we 
need to tread a path of both growth and profitability, and POWERGRID is continuing to make 
sure that there is both growth and profitability in its endeavours whatever we are doing. And 
then the returns are also, if that is the specific question, I should say returns are also well-
calibrated to make sure that the investor is comfortable with those returns. 
 
Because it's not one single project which will be determining it. It's multiple projects. Each of 
the project comes with its own nice piece, and after execution, the quantum and the quantum of 
claims which are there, all of this put together will be giving the effective returns, and 
POWERGRID is well safe and also making sure that all the returns are well within the interests 
of the shareholders. 
Sumit Kishore: 
One request here is that because your business growth is largely driven by TBCB now, could 
you make a separate disclosure in terms of what the consolidated, you know, contribution from 
TBCB projects is to the P&L? That is the main growth driver for the company. 
 
So, what is the consolidated revenue, consolidated EBITDA, consolidated profit for TBCB, that 
will help us analyse the company better. There are periodical, you know, regulatory adjustments 
which anyway are in a business where the pace of growth has slowed down quite considerably. 
But we are not able to appreciate your results, given the key underlying driver of growth, the 
transparency on the disclosures is not allowing us to evaluate how TBCB performance has been. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
I do appreciate the concern. In fact, it is an equal concern from my side as well, that you need to 
appreciate certain regulatory pulls or pushes actually impacts the POWERGRID 's financials. I 
think we will examine that, and with these kind of meets or such other platforms which are there 
or maybe better disclosures, we will try to make sure that this is properly reaching out to the 
analysts and the investors alike, so that they continue to appreciate and have confidence on the 
company as to how we are moving forward. We will examine that. 
Management: 
So as per the regulator, what we have to disclose, we have already disclosed. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
We will examine that. We will do that. Thank you so much for that particular insight. We are 
also equally concerned that the true reflection of what we are performing should be there with 
the investors so that they can analyse us that much better. As we have seen during these 
discussions, the primary concern was their inability to judge that there is a regulatory drag, which 
is but very natural and nothing much cause of concern, as what is happening there, which I've 
already explained in my previous statements. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Just one more question. Given the nature of capacity addition is more leaning towards solar, and 
could you give us a sense of, are there any major transmission lines of POWERGRID which are 
grossly underutilized at the moment because renewable projects have not come up, and 
POWERGRID transmission lines have got commissioned? And in those cases, are you facing 
any challenges in terms of, you know, both operationally and recovering your dues from 
customers? 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Okay. I should say the extent of the transmission charges of POWERGRID are not governed by 
the power flow. So, it is not that only power flows POWERGRID starts getting its revenue. So, 
meaning that it is quite safe that once we commission the asset, the revenue starts flowing. 
Whatever the mechanisms what the regulator has identified, so there are provisions where we 
continue to get our tariff. 
 
So, my tariff is not rupees per megawatt-hour, it is rupees per annum. So, be rest assured that 
the revenue is not linked to the generation. But having said that, definitely it is a cause of concern 
in case if the generator has not come on time, the load is not there on time. So, the picture we 
bifurcate two parts. 
 
One part is that the systems which are built under the regulatory tariff regime, that is the RTM 
mode, we need to go to the regulator and get the clearance for the deemed DOCO status. So, we 
have a good amount of revenues which will also flow as and when the regulator gives the orders. 
So that revenue also will start accruing now. So, it's to the extent of, what is that amount? 
Management: 
Rs. 300 crore. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan:  
Rs. 300 crore of revenue. So, these are these are regulatory, so as and when the regulatory 
regulator starts hearing these petitions, that revenue also will start accruing. And as far as TBCB 
goes, there is no such need to go to the regulator, and it is considered as deemed DOCO after a 
specified period, so the revenue starts flowing over there. So, the generation not coming or being 
underutilized will not have an impact on the revenues of and the earnings of POWERGRID. 
Sumit Kishore: 
No. Thank you so much. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Thank you, Sumit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Satyadeep. Please accept the prompt, 
announce your company name, and go ahead with your question. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Hi. This is Satyadeep Jain from Ambit Capital. First question on the in the Slide you mentioned 
new awards which total Rs. 2,200 crores of annual revenues. Maybe can you share corresponding 
NCT capex estimate for the new awards this year so far? 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan:  
I think we can get that separately if you are looking into the NCT part. I can get you, but intra-
state, that would not be available, the intra-state part of it. But NCT is not definitely a guidance 
factor for us to get the tariff over there. We can definitely do share that. I can take the detail and 
somebody will reach out. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay, because just trying to correlate Rs. 2,200 crores annual revenue seems large, given 
typically historically revenue by gross block numbers. Just I'll maybe take it offline on the NCT 
cost estimate. Also, the CERC notification back in March had suggested that, and which was 
also one of the things you noted on regulated ROE on transmission projects …. sorry Not 
Transmission, BESS projects. BESS is also now part of transmission elements. So, when do you 
realistically expect to get some BESS projects awarded to you on regulated return basis? Is there 
any visibility you have that you expect some sizable work in hand from that? 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Yes. With the regulator coming out first with that regulation, the amendment which you are 
stating so, so we have already had discussions with the concerned RPCs at both at the Northern 
Region and the Western Region, and having their clearances, we moved forward and we 
submitted our petitions are also filed before the regulator. So, we have to understand any new 
system which is coming, there will be a lot of challenges in trying to do it. 
There will be some settling time for this particular concept. The battery is not considered as 
transmission element, as what you are saying, it is considered as that element whoever is doing 
it. If the generator is doing it, it's considered as a generation element. Where the transmission, 
it's a transmission element. But this regulation has actually allowed a transmission company to 
get into the integrated storage business, that is battery included. 
So, POWERGRID has already taken initial actions, and we have moved very fast in terms of 
about a couple of months, it has taken 2 to 3 months after the regulation where we could also 
reach out to the stakeholders in the RPCs and also then file the petition before the regulator. 
Having said that, we will have to await the regulator's position what he would like to look into 
it, and the other stakeholders. Then it will mature. 
Once it is so, we will obviously come forward and let you know what the status is. But the 
present status is we have already moved forward. We have done all the groundwork, all the 
homework is done, and we already filed the petitions. So, just this is as per the procedure of the 
regulation itself. As per the regulation, we will have to move in this manner. So, we have already 
done all of that. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay. So just one quick question on the profitability for this quarter. So, previous participant 
also alluded, you mentioned there was interest accrued while you're waiting for tariff of about 
Rs. 200 crores. Now that you've got the tariff, it seems I'm not sure on a Y-o-Y basis that should 
impact your profitability comparison too much, but there is some forex impact also. Just wanted 
to see, are you able to pass that on? 
And because we're not able to see PAT growth, does that otherwise mean that the TBCB projects 
you commissioned, which is also what the previous participant was asking, that in the first year 
you don't have much PAT from the entire TBCB projects you commissioned in the last year? 
Just trying to understand the profitability bridge better. Interest accrued, I know till the tariff is 
approved, but now tariff is approved, I don't know if that should have any impact on Y-o-Y 
comparison? 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
The tariff continues to accrue the entire year after the CERC order comes over there. But until 
then, there is a revenue stream which comes owing to the interest because of the differential 
between the DOCO and the CERC order. That is the reason there is an upside. Obviously, when 
we compare with that upside with any other figure, there would be a difference. That is what is 
visible to the extent of about Rs. 230 crore. 
On the capitalization which has occurred, the transmission charges should have gone up to Rs. 
788 crore, as far as the earnings go, on the top line should have gone by Rs. 788 crore, owing to 
the transmission lines which have been commissioned, and correspondingly, the PAT should 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
have been about Rs. 247 crore also that should have moved up. But for the regulatory drag, 
which is an inherent and a natural way how the regulator's assets all these years which is moving, 
that is visible here, which is actually bringing it down to the numbers what you're seeing. 
Otherwise, the transmission lines have increased by Rs. 788 crores over here in this quarter. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
You're saying Rs. 247 crore additional PAT from all the TBCB projects commissioned in the 
last one year, is that what you're saying? 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Not limited to TBCB. The combination of both TBCB and the trajectory of the RTM projects 
put together, with the lion's share being that of the TBCB, yes. 
Satyadeep Jain:  
Okay, so in the FX losses that you had in the regulatory account, what is, are you able to pass 
that on? Is that also one-off or there was some pass through? 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Pass through. Can be passed. It's well taken care of because the regulated regime has that 
particular comfort which provides to the developers. 
Satyadeep Jain:  
Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Dhruv. Please accept the prompt, 
announce your company name, and go ahead with your question. 
Dhruv: 
Hi, sir. Thank you so much. Dhruv from HDFC MF. So, first question, we've started well with 
Rs. 5,000 crore capitalization in 1Q. Is there scope for a meaningful upside to the Rs. 30,000 
crore capitalization guidance for the year? To some degree, if you can help us. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Yes. The transmission systems are not coming, unlike other businesses which have a cycle of 
every quarter or every year, the transmission systems do have a cycle based upon the timeline 
given for implementation over there, taking into account the ROW challenges. So, glad to inform 
as I was stating in my initial statements also, the quantum of capitalization which has happened 
in the Q1 stands about Rs. 5,277 crore. 
And we are also looking for good number of projects, that is the Koppal, Gadag and the Bidar-
Maheshwaram, these projects also will be on par, apart from other projects which we are 
implementing there. So, as we move forward, the projects come into capitalization, and I'm sure 
that this number would be that much steadier and improve. 
Dhruv: 
Sure, sir. So, the second thing is, I was trying to do a consol minus standalone, trying to imply 
the TBCB numbers largely. And if I look at the gross block increase, difference between consol 
and gross block standalone, the gross block increase in a Y-o-Y basis is about 67%. So 1Q this 
year, 1Q last year. But the increase in depreciation, the same differential increase in depreciation, 
is only 27%. 
I'm just trying to understand why this gap? Is this because most of the incremental TBCB 
projects are coming under lease accounting method and hence there is no depreciation associated 
with that? And if that's the case, does it change the way PAT gets reported for TBCB -- I mean 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
reported PAT for TBCB moves under the lease accounting method versus your normalized 
accounting method? 
Management: 
Yes, lease method only we are following, sir, wherein the depreciation will not come, it will be 
taken as amortization of the lease. So, that is the reason why comparing the depreciation 
component in TBCB will not be commensurate with what is the capitalization, because 
capitalization, out of capitalization, lease receivables are also there, which are in book. So, for 
that, the depreciation component will not be there because that is treated as leased. 
Dhruv: 
Got it. So, does it in any sense have an implication how typically we think of PAT for a TBCB 
project versus how it moves in a lease accounting method in the say first 3, 4 years? 
Management: 
No, even with this accounting method, the PAT will not have any impact, the difference between 
either I go through the PPE method or to the lease. PAT will not have an impact. 
Dhruv: 
Got it, sure. And sir, last question is, these regulatory adjustments that you mentioned about, 
which is happening in the standalone, the reduction of depreciation resulting to reduction of 
revenue, we understand this has no this is a regulatory process. 
But probably just to give a better understanding, if this is having any implication of PAT on the 
PAT number, if you can probably help us understand what is the nominal or normative loan that 
you have in your regulatory accounts versus what is the actual loan which is sitting in the 
standalone assets on the operating transmission assets? 
Because if there is any meaningful gap, that would probably indicate that there will be some 
drag because of this regulatory adjustment, and if there's no gap, then probably the market 
understands that there is no implication of this. Basically, the difference between the normative 
debt and the actual debt on the operating regulated assets. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
I will check this back and get back to you, Dhruv. Should that be fine? 
Dhruv: 
Yes, sure, sir. Great. Thank you so much, sir, and all the best. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
I mean, difference would be there, but I'll let you know. 
Dhruv: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mohit Pandey. Please accept the prompt, 
announce your company name, and go ahead with your question. 
Mohit Pandey: 
Yes, good afternoon, sir. Sir, my question is on grid strengthening projects. So, I understand 
there will be incremental projects for strengthening the existing grid as renewables penetration 
increases, for example, for adding energy. So, in cases where we already have, we are the owners 
of the assets, will those strengthening projects come to us on regulated mode or will they 
typically be via TBCB? And whether these projects are already a part of the Rs. 7.9 lakh crore 
pipeline? That would be the first question. 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
All projects which have to come are obviously in the pipeline only, whether it is a grid 
strengthening scheme or a generation associated scheme, all of them are in one particular 
bracket. And as far as the existing systems, substations what we have, should there be any 
extensions which will have to be done there, this is taken care by the NCT. 
They look forward to the best way of implementing it, and at times it is given to the regulated 
entity who is already there, or the entity who is already owning that asset class over there, so he 
is given the opportunity to undertake this under the RTM. And sometimes we see that it is also 
given under the bidding route, which is a combination of both these things. There's no specific 
rule as to how it happens, we have seen both these things happening. It's no specific way. 
Mohit Pandey: 
Understood, sir. Sir, and on the One Sun, One World, One Grid, when do we realistically see 
projects or any sense on that? 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Obviously, we need to, as we have evolved from a state to a region and region to a country, so 
the more we are integrated, the better we are in terms of utilizing the resources that much more 
effectively. So going beyond the country, it does have an additional component to tide over. We 
need to bridge that gap with the diplomatic relations with that country. If that is done, this would 
be one of the finest ways in terms of integrating the, because the telecom network has already 
been integrated, as you see the entire world is now under one internet. 
So eventually, as we move forward, this should be the answer so that the ups and downs which 
are there in a typical sector are well taken care of, and it should move forward, this particular 
concept of One Sun, One World and One Grid. One Nation One Grid, One Frequency, 
POWERGRID has already achieved that particular objective, and this would be the next 
extension what we need to reach out. 
So, the moment one or two countries we are able to integrate, which other countries are doing 
elsewhere in the world, so we are going to stitch this particular network across the world. It 
would be in the interest of the mankind, I should say, if we are getting through this. 
Mohit Pandey: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much and wish you all the best. 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Thank you so much, Mohit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, with that we conclude the question-and-answer session. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities Limited for closing 
comments. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Thanks to management for the detailed presentation. We would like to thank the management 
team for giving us an opportunity to host the call. Sir, would you like to make any closing 
remarks? 
B. Vamsi Rama Mohan: 
Yes, yes. Thank you so much, Mohit you and your team, for this particular webinar being 
conducted so smoothly. And importantly, thanks to all the participants, including the investors 
and analysts, who continue to repose confidence in POWERGRID. And the Q1 results, 
obviously, they do have these kinds of queries which are there. 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
We are glad to actually unveil the challenges as far as the regulatory regime looks in terms of 
the drag what has happened under the regulatory regime. I'm sure that these clarifications would 
put them in a better perspective in trying to understand what POWERGRID's growth trajectory 
is. And thank you once again for your time and continued support. We look forward to gain your 
confidence continuously in this sector. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited and Power Grid Corporation of India, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect. 
***** 
