August 20, 2026 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Listing Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: GALAXYSURF 
BSE Limited, 
Listing Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code: 540935 
Subject: Transcript of concall Q1 of FY 2026-27 
Ref.: Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations, 2015. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to the relevant provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, 
we are enclosing transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Q1 of FY 2026-27. 
This is for your information and records. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
Niranjan Ketkar 
Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
Niranjan Arun Ketkar
Digitally signed by Niranjan Arun Ketkar 
Date: 2026.08.20 11:23:21 +05'30'

“Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 14, 2026 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock 
exchange on 14th August 2026 will prevail.” 
MANAGEMENT: MR. K. NATARAJAN 
MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MR. VAIJANATH KULKARNI   
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
MR. ABHIJIT DAMLE  
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATION ADVISORS 
Page 1 of 18
 

Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
August 14, 2026 
Page 2 of 18
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Galaxy Surfactants Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. 
There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note, this conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, 
which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. 
These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties 
that are difficult to predict. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. K. Natarajan, Managing Director, Galaxy Surfactants 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
K. Natarajan:
Thank you. A very good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. It gives me immense pleasure to 
welcome you all to our Q1 '26-'27 conference call. There is a saying that smooth seas do not 
make skilled sailors. Over the last two years, our company has navigated some exceptionally 
turbulent waters, geopolitical uncertainty, supply chain disruptions, reformulations and 
unprecedented volatility across feedstock. 
While these challenges tested us, they also strengthened us. They sharpened our execution and 
enhanced our resilience. Today, as we report our highest ever quarterly EBITDA of INR 252.5 
crores, I believe we are beginning to see the benefits of the capabilities, enduring relationships 
and strategic foundations that we have been building over the last several years. 
Our ability to anticipate risk, manage volatility, make disciplined commercial decisions and 
leverage a diversified portfolio across markets and customer segments has been critical in 
preserving competitiveness through multiple external disruptions. 
Supported by decades of industry experience, deep customer and vendor relationships, 
operational excellence of our team and a robust risk management framework, these capabilities 
have enabled us not only to navigate uncertainty, but also to emerge stronger, culminating in 
nearly doubling our profitability during this quarter. 
Many of the factors that constrained growth over the last two years, including customer 
reformulations and trade-related uncertainties like the U.S.A. tariff have either normalized or 
become significantly more manageable. 
Before I move to our regional performance, it is important to understand the broader 
environment in which these results were delivered. Q1 was characterized by significant 
volatility in feedstocks, both petrochemical and oleochemical, primarily driven by 
developments in West Asia. 
Crude remained elevated throughout most of the quarter, averaging above USD 100 per barrel. 
The oleochemical feedstock prices also moved from average levels of USD 2,800 per metric ton 
to a high of USD 3,300 per metric ton for the quarter before correcting below USD 2,500 per 
ton towards the end of June. 
Such sharp movements within a short period created significant challenges and opportunities 

Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
August 14, 2026 
Page 3 of 18
across procurement, pricing and inventory management. In such circumstances, disciplined 
execution and supply chain agility become key differentiators. Against this backdrop, I am 
pleased to report a meaningful recovery in growth momentum. Consolidated volumes grew by 
5% year-on-year with both our segments growing in mid-single-digit. 
Moving to our regional performance now. India, our primary engine grew by an impressive 11% 
led by double-digit growth in performance segment and high single-digit growth in specialty 
products. More importantly, we witnessed a recovery in Tier 1 customer demand and the return 
of positive growth momentum in businesses that have been impacted by reformulations over the 
last several quarters. 
Due to geopolitical developments, the relative economics between oleochemical-based and 
petrochemical-based feedstocks reversed. Availability constraints and cost pressures in portions 
of the petrochemical value chain made oleochemical-based solutions increasingly attractive, 
enabling good growth momentum. 
Non-Tier 1 and the direct-to-consumer segment volumes also grew near double-digit year-on-
year basis, showing good momentum across regions. With strong premiumization drive, we 
remain confident that our India region performance will continue returning to its long-term 
growth trajectory in the coming quarters. 
Rest of the World region volume grew by 6% year-on-year. The Americas led the growth as 
demand recovered following greater clarity on tariff-related developments, while our premium 
specialty business at TRI-K continued its strong performance. 
It was also encouraging to see APAC delivered double-digit growth, reflecting the investments 
and strategic actions we have been taking over the last few years, whether it is strengthening 
our market presence, expanding our distribution reach, localizing portfolios or deepening 
customer engagement, these efforts are now translating into tangible business outcomes within 
the Specialty Care mix has improved, contributing positively to growth in EBITDA per metric 
ton, moving us steadily towards objective of improving the quality of our earnings through a 
richer and more differentiated product mix. 
Coming to the AMET region, the quarter began under extremely challenging circumstances. 
The development in the West Asia created significant disruptions across the region during April 
and early May, impacting both inbound and outbound supply chains. Our Egypt operations were 
also affected during this period. 
What I found particularly encouraging, however, is the resilience demonstrated by our Egypt 
business and operations teams. As conditions gradually stabilized, we saw a strong recovery in 
momentum, supported by close coordination across manufacturing, supply chain, procurement 
and commercial teams. 
Their ability to adapt swiftly, maintain strong customer engagement and ensure uninterrupted 
business continuity enabled us to recover a substantial portion of the volumes impacted during 
April and May, driving a strong improvement in performance from the month of June onwards. 
While AMET volumes were down 4% year-on-year, they improved by an impressive 19% 

Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
August 14, 2026 
Page 4 of 18
sequentially, reflecting both the underlying strength of customer demand and the resilience of 
our business model in the region. 
At the same time, we remain watchful of the evolving geopolitical situation and its potential 
implications for global supply chains. The operating environment continues to remain dynamic, 
and while the long-term growth potential of the region remains intact, we'll continue to prioritize 
agility, supply continuity and exceptional customer service as we navigate the quarters ahead. 
Coming to our financial performance. For quarter one, I'm pleased to inform you all that the 
EBITDA stood at INR 252.5 crores compared to INR 135.1 crores in Q1 FY26, while EBITDA 
per metric ton improved to INR 35,458 per metric ton from approximately INR 20,009 per 
metric ton in the corresponding period last year. 
The business performance reflects the benefits of a healthier business mix, recovery in customer 
demand, increasing contribution from our Specialty Care portfolio, superior inventory risk 
management, disciplined commercial execution, strong cost management and the superior 
collaborative efforts of our teams across the organization. 
I'm also pleased with the progress being made with our EPC project in Mexico. The project 
continues to progress as planned, contributing EPC service income during the quarter, and we 
remain on track for commercialization over the next 12 months. 
Innovation continues to remain at the heart of our Strategy 2030 journey. During the quarter, 
we introduced SimpliX, an innovative platform designed for modern personal care formulations 
such as body washers, facial cleansers and shampoos. SimpliX helps formulators simplify 
product development while delivering superior mildness, enhanced sensorial attributes and 
formulation flexibility to meet evolving consumer preferences. 
We are also proud to share another significant innovation milestone for Galaxy. Galaxy Hearth 
Biosurf received recognition in the Innovation Zone Awards 2026 held at the Cosmohome Tech 
Expo. Galaxy Hearth Biosurf is an innovative enzyme surfactant synergy that combines cleaning 
performance, formulation efficiency and sustainability for next-generation laundry care 
solutions. This recognition further validates our commitment to science-led innovation and 
sustainable product development. 
As we look ahead, demand indicators remain encouraging across many of our key markets. With 
the upcoming festive season in India and improving momentum across several international 
markets, we expect demand to remain healthy through the coming quarters. At the same time, 
we remain watchful of developments in West Asia and their potential impact on feedstock 
availability, freight markets and global supply chains. 
While supply side pressures have started easing towards the end of June, the situation remains 
fluid and recent geopolitical developments have once again introduced volatility across 
commodity and the logistics markets. Longer transit times, port congestion and elevated freight 
costs continue to be the areas that require close monitoring. 
Our experience over the years has taught us that agility, disciplined execution and proximity to 
customers become even more important when external conditions are uncertain. Our focus 

Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
August 14, 2026 
Page 5 of 18
remains clear, ensuring supply continuity, maintaining the highest levels of customer service, 
responding swiftly to changing market dynamics to make our customers win in the marketplace. 
As regards to our guidance for the full year, we maintain our volume guidance at 6% to 8% for 
the full-year FY26-27, but I, however, increased the range of the EBITDA per metric ton 
guidance from the current INR 19,000 to INR 21,000 per metric ton to INR 24,000 to INR 
25,000 per metric ton. 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your continued trust and support. Wishing you all a very 
happy Independence Day in advance. I now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from the line of Sanjesh from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanjesh: 
Yes. Good afternoon, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions. First on this 
EBITDA per kg, if I take INR 35,000 for this quarter, you said we will do INR 24,000 to INR 
25,000 for the entire year, we are indicating that this INR 35,000 should come down that our 
normalized range of INR 21,000 to INR 22,000, is that the way to think about it? 
K. Natarajan:
In a way, yes. But then it also is factoring in certain things, because when we are giving this 
guidance, we also look at the positives and also some possible potential implication. So it is 
basis that. 
Sanjesh: 
No. Can you help us understand generally, we had a very narrow range? I think only once during 
COVID, we did this kind of a very high EBITDA per kg. Now what has led to INR 35,000 
EBITDA per kg in this quarter? How much was it inventory gain or how much was it because 
of product mix change? Or how much was it because we could get better spread, higher demand 
and supply situation? What led to this expansion? 
K. Natarajan:
See, first of all, I think, as I said, if you see in the last conference call for the full year results, I 
did say that with the easing of the U.S. tariffs and things getting better, so it's going to be 
reflective on our Specialty Ingredients business, which obviously started doing well. And that 
is how I had the confidence of I think that I will be at the higher end of the volume and also the 
high-end of the EBITDA per metric ton. And when I gave in the last call, obviously, things were 
still fluid, because we were just 45 days into the quarter and things were extremely challenging. 
In that context, I also said various opportunities that could emerge, because there will be some 
challenges, but some opportunities, but it's all about how the team capitalizes on the 
opportunities and manages well the challenges to mitigate a good portion of the impact. And 
that's actually what happened. 
So if you have to look at, how did we deliver INR 35,000 per metric ton, structurally, all the 
work that we were doing last year, but the external situation was against us, started coming in 
our favour. One was the reformulation, as I said, because that gave us the volumes back and 
also good operating leverage, , which was missing last year because there was certain impact on 
volumes reformation. 
The second one is in terms of the structurally in terms of the special ingredients portfolio getting 

Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
August 14, 2026 
Page 6 of 18
better and the mix within the special ingredients portfolio getting better, ? So that is one, because 
the volumes are coming back into U.S. and the APAC region. 
The other thing is with regard to certain opportunities we had in terms of commercial execution, 
, which we could selectively leverage on, ? Some of it may continue, some of it may not 
continue. It depends on how the situation develops as the quarter moves forward. 
Sanjesh: 
Very clear. One thing, because I think U.S. is a reiteration, we had an impact we are going back 
to a normalized level. So, that should not have led to a material improvement probably would 
have gone to INR 21,000, INR 22,000. Now, how does the U.S. market look for us, say, for rest 
of the nine months? Has the demand sustained? Are we seeing the order book getting built up, 
new product development? How is the U.S. market particularly looking for us? 
K. Natarajan:
U.S. market as I said, our premium specialties led by our TRI-K business, , is certainly doing 
well. We also launched a new product called Everbond last year. It is showing very significant 
momentum in terms of customer acceptance. It has started contributing meaningfully to our 
revenues in the TRI-K business. and also in terms of our special ingredients portfolio out of 
India and Egypt into the U.S. market has also got enabled well, ? 
And we expect this to continue, because we're also seeing a good customer acceptance, a lot of 
project approvals and customer approvals also started falling in place, which also has led to this. 
One is the tariff coming and another is the customer approvals and everything have been placed, 
which obviously was worked upon last year and they start happening very sequentially well 
from February this year as the tariffs also came down. 
Sanjesh: 
Got it, sir. Last two questions, one on India and one on AMET. India, obviously, double-digit 
growth back to its very good thing to see that. But the risk of reformulation still remains,  remove 
the crude, goes back to the normalized level. And have we changed our path in terms of we were 
thinking of even getting in some of those products? Have we changed any plan there? That's 
number one. 
Number two, I think BASF has announced the shutdown of the plant of their consumer care 
plant, which was competing their research. So give us more volume now that the competitive 
intensity, one of the largest competition is holding their operation in India. 
And last one on AMET, though all the good things, volume still continues to decline even on a 
low base. Now, how should we see this is more demand side issue? Or was it more supply side 
issue? And should we end up with a positive volume growth in AMET in FY27? 
K. Natarajan:
So yes. So I will answer the AMET question first, last to first. So AMET, as I've also been 
telling my team, I think somehow their staff don't seem to be aligning well, because the team is 
constantly challenged. As they conquer one challenge, they end up feeding one more. But credit 
to the team that they have been extremely agile and resilient. 
And last quarter was not a demand issue, quarter one. Quarter one was, we almost seven weeks 
of our Q1 in our Egypt location was washout, because there was no increase in raw material 
because every material was stuck in Jebel Ali, or in port Geisum, or in Jeddah. So there's nothing 
that is reaching. It only started flowing in from the last week of May. And we are seeing that 

Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
August 14, 2026 
Page 7 of 18
things we are making up for what we lost, and there's a good traction that we are seeing from 
June onwards. 
So the demand is not a cost of concern. If we didn't have the issue with regard to the logistics 
due to the West Asia cases, I think you would have seen a good growth year-on-year, because 
sequentially, the AMET business has grown by 18%, although we are down year-on-year by 
4%, ? So that should give an indication as to how the demand momentum has been in place. So 
the supply-led situation actually did allow us to register the year-on-year growth. 
Sanjesh: 
Got it. 
K. Natarajan:
Yes. The other question that you had was with regards to the India region mix ? Now the first 
and second question, obviously, sequent, but I'll cover that together. The first is with regard to 
is there a risk of reformulation going back to what it was earlier? I would say that, yes, if the 
petrochemical prices come down significantly and the alcohol prices remain elevated, like as of 
today, when we see the balance, , we do see that the balance is not significantly concerning, , 
for the reformulation to get aggravated. 
So this particular advantageous situation we are in, in terms of reformulation being in our favour, 
we expect that to continue for some more time, , because it has to depend on both the 
oleochemical and petrochemical balance. We see the balance to be even favourable as of today. 
But yes, we need to wait and watch how these things pan out in the coming months. 
With regard to BASF announcing its closure of its carry chemicals plant, sulfation plant in 
Dahej, ? This is something that, yes, it can. So we are waiting for our customers to engage with 
us, but to know whether we are able to sell, because it was only last week that they announced. 
So, yes, if you look at it, simply put, yes, if one major player in the country closes their 
operations, it can result in some demand upside. But we are not able to make any clear statement 
right now because it's just a one-week old story. 
Sanjesh: 
Just one last follow-up on it. What is our view? If we continue with the oleo itself or we were 
thinking of even adding the new portfolio, any change in the view from a longer-term 
perspective we want to derisk? 
K. Natarajan:
No, no. We are very clear that we are already ready and we have commercialized and we started 
supplies. As we said even in the last meeting that we already started supplies of the 
petrochemical derivative, ? 
But then the way things happen, the derivative itself was not available. So, we had the facility, 
but we couldn't use, because we had to use our entire thing in oleochemicals. So there is no 
change in our approach. We will continue to be watching and the flexibility that we have built-
in will be there. So there is no change. And it has been well established. All approvals are in 
place. So, all ready. 
Sanjesh: 
Thanks, Natarajan sir. Very helpful and best of luck for the coming quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from 360 ONE Capital. Please 
go ahead. 

Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
August 14, 2026 
Page 8 of 18
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a very strong set of numbers. Sir, first question is 
on the availability of key raw material from Indonesia that Indonesia has now mandated 
biodiesel from 40% to 50%. Any visible impact that we have seen or incrementally, the pricing 
of fatty alcohol will remain at elevated levels? Just our thoughts on this. Thank you. 
K. Natarajan:
Yes. So the mandate of 40% to 50% was  the Indonesian government has already been talking. 
And I think the palm oil pricing on the Ambex has already factored this in, ? So if you see, the 
palm oil prices today, you're talking about at something like $ 1,100 to $ 1,200. I think the 
forecast is because the high season months continue, ? And then the forecast is that it should 
remain at these levels. 
And we do see that there should be some steady state in the prices of fatty alcohol, because it's 
currently at about INR 2,700, INR 2,800 ship India. We do see that it should move sideways 
between INR 2,600 to INR 2,800. So we don't see any significant jumps as well as no significant 
corrections downwards. But stability itself is going to give you some good way to ensure that 
you're able to manage your business well, yes. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. Got that. Sir, second question is during the quarter gone by, because of the supply chain 
challenges in many of the geographies, including India, did we see any inventory stocking by 
our customers, which has also benefited our volume growth? 
K. Natarajan:
See, one thing that I can answer it in a different way, because one of the things was that if you 
see, post the GST rationalization, I think almost up to November, all our customers were 
flushing out the higher GST stocks and relabelling and all that stuff. And they really started 
getting the momentum in terms of become only from Jan, Feb. And then as they're building their 
pipeline, I think the West Asia crisis happened. 
So what you're saying is that when the festive season demand and the summer season demand 
was getting catered to and they're preparing for it, we said, so you have a situation where you 
had a lower pipeline combined with some fear about availability of feedstock would have driven 
some amount of extra buying, ? We'll probably know that as to how it, because even today, we 
see that the momentum is in place. So that essentially means that the our customers are preparing 
for the festive demand. And as of now, the momentum looks to be healthy. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Perfect. Sir, just one last clarification. In terms of our guidance, you mentioned 6% to 8% 
volume growth and at the higher-end given that first quarter we have done about 5.5%. If we 
were to reach at 8%, we'll have to grow by more than 8.5%. But in the mid-level, 7.5% 
consecutively for the next three quarters is what if we were to achieve 7% as a blended volume 
growth. 
How confident are we  obviously, for the recent times, you again just now answered that the 
momentum is good. But after Q3, Q4, are we still confident that we'll be able to maintain this 
6% to 7% on average volume growth given that AMET is still facing some challenges? Thanks. 
K. Natarajan:
Yes. So firstly, I'm confident and I'll give you the reason why I'm confident, , is also because I 
think AMET, in terms of the demand momentum, we are not seeing any issues. I don't know as 
to if there is another black swan event that happens, it can get impacted. But as of now, we don't 
see that. 

Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
August 14, 2026 
Page 9 of 18
And the only reason why we couldn't grow year-on-year on the -- we degrew year-on-year by 
4% in terms of our AMET business was only because of the supply side constraints, which have 
got resolved now, ? If it doesn't the demand situation doesn't impact it because of the black swan 
event as well as the supply side, I don't see any reason why AMET will not get back to its growth 
trajectory in this year. 
The second is with regards to the India market, because India and AMET are the major drivers 
of the volume growth. With regard to India, we do see that the consumer demand. I think rural 
continues to outpace the urban demand. All our customers are  their commentary, they're very 
positive in terms of the demand momentum getting better. Again, I do see all of them coming 
up with a lot of market development and demand generation initiatives, which tells us that they 
do see that there is a good potential for the demand to really grow and sustain. 
The other thing is the only spoiler there can be if the reform -- because what impact of India 
only the reformulation last year. But as I response to the question from Sanjesh, the way it is 
balanced today, I don't see that as a big risk, but we never know. But as of today, we know and 
evaluate the market. And if this continues next year, we should get back to the same 6% to 8%. 
I don't see any reason we will not. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Perfect Sir. That answers all the questions. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arun Prasath from Avendus Spark. Please go 
ahead. 
Arun Prasath: 
So in the last two years, we have been consistently hitting the INR 52 to INR 53 per kg of gross 
margin trend. And obviously, this quarter is a kind of an aberration. But if you see the rupee 
depreciation in the last one year, almost 8%, 9% has happened. 
So naturally, we should be on a steady state going forward also, we should be hitting north of 
INR 58 per kg of gross margin. And whenever we have reached this kind of gross margin on a 
per kg basis, we have also delivered INR 25 per kg of EBITDA margin on a consistent basis. 
So the current year guidance, irrespective of what happens because of this Iran, prices and all, 
shouldn't it be a long-term guidance going forward from INR 22, INR 23 per kg shouldn't be 
the way we should be thinking on this sir? 
K. Natarajan:
Yes, I would like it to be, but we should wait, because you know that I'm a very optimistic guy, 
but at the same time, I don't want to be overpromising and under delivering, but I need to be 
able to also guide properly. So you're right in terms of re-evaluating it. But if I need to change 
my guidance, I would like to wait at least for one quarter. 
Arun Prasath: 
Understood, sir. Is there any pressure on the pricing on a rupee terms, because obviously, there 
will be some kind of a negotiation on passing on the benefit of rupee depreciation. Is it common 
in our industry with our customers? How do they look at it in something -- 
K. Natarajan:
No. I would not say there's any pressure on pricing because one of the things that the way that 
we engage with the customers on any pricing discussions is being transparent. So they know 

Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
August 14, 2026 
Page 10 of 18
that we don't use any opportunity to profit here, but they're also very clear that based on the 
transparency, they know as to what are the reasons and why, you know, the price are increasing, 
what is the reason why it's increasing? 
Because all of them, once they are able to understand the rationale, I think all of them fall in 
line because there's no way that I can do the rupee depreciation. Anything I can do if the rupee 
depreciation from INR 88 to INR 95. You know, they also have aware, I’m also aware. But if 
we are able to be transparent as to what are the components of the price increase? I think 
customers do come around and they look at it with favour. So that's what we do. And that helps 
us, because we have -- we deal with all our customers in an extremely transparent manner. 
Arun Prasath: 
Understood, sir. Secondly, the domestic market increasing palm oil prices, typically, the 
grammage cut happens I mean as a stock gap arrangement. On top of that, we have seen some, 
kind of, a restocking because of the crisis. So shouldn't the second half should be slightly weaker 
like we have seen in the past that makes it difficult for us to fulfil the full year volume growth 
on the upper side of the guidance? 
K. Natarajan:
See, when I'm giving you the guidance, , typically, we also have to think through all this and 
also what our customers are indicating in terms of the commentary. So if you look at what our 
customers are indicating in the commentary, they are very clearly saying that they are seeing 
Q2 momentum impact, , very clearly, ? 
Now if the Q2 moment is intact and the festive demand really catches up, the only -- everyone 
is talking about this impact of the monsoon deficit, , being there and how implication it has,  for 
our harvest. That answer we will have by the end of the quarter 2, ? That will give us much 
clarity. 
If that really is not an issue, I think, the H2 will be very different. It will certainly be better. But 
when we are looking at the guidance, we are also constrained to look at the guidance based on 
what our customers are looking at in terms of the demand, the way it's going to pan out. And 
you are right, ? If there is going to be a demand headwind in terms of rural demand getting 
impacted, you're right, , H2 can be lower. 
Arun Prasath: 
Understood, sir. Slightly zooming out on our long-term guidance of last year's Investor Day. 
Can you share any updates where we are in terms of achieving  moving towards more cosmetics-
related ingredients and other value-added products? Have we started putting the capacities as 
our capex is going towards those avenues? How is the customer feedback? Those kind of a broad 
commentary, if you can give, that would be helpful. 
K. Natarajan:
Yes. So first of all, we have said, we have introduced the Beauty and Wellness as one of the 
induced segments that we cater to. And we also said we will also start enhancing our presence 
in the Leaveon segment through our Emollient and Esters business. I think we have started if 
you see whatever we have launched as the new products, , we look at Biosurf, we look at 
Lumithic, you look at SimpliX, ? Plus also what we're looking at what I explained about 
Everbond, which is one of the super specialty ingredients that our TRI-K launched, and we're 
seeing good project in pipeline. And also in terms of  already we are seeing it being accretive to 
our revenues. 

Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
August 14, 2026 
Page 11 of 18
So all that in terms of what we had said in terms of our Strategy 2030, , execution is happening 
on those lines. Projects and pipeline are getting built. ? So obviously, that's all on track, ? The 
only thing is on what we talked about that our Beauty and Wellness this thing will also have an 
inorganic growth component, ? 
A lot of work has happened, but we have not been able to come up with any announcement. But 
it is suffice to say that a huge amount of work is happening. I do hope that we will be able to 
come up with something in the coming months. 
Arun Prasath: 
Sir, if you can indicate what percentage of the capex we will be spending towards this Beauty 
and Wellness going forward? Or have you started anything? And finally, this year's capex, 
where we are going to spend? 
K. Natarajan:
So first of all, some of the capex we've already front-loaded. That's why we said, , that we've 
already had some of the capex that we have commissioned. Some of it will be commissioned 
this year. It's all part of that INR 150 crores to INR 200 crores capex that we incur every year 
because we also do preparing anticipation of certain businesses fructifying because if we don't 
have the capacity, we can't even start the market development exercise. ? 
One of the thing is what will be the sort of, thing that we may do because if tax rate growth, 
M&A inorganic growth is going to be one component. There, yes, the deals and everything we 
may not be able to say because it's all about getting the right fit and the right candidate. And a 
huge amount of work is on as far as that initiative is concerned. 
Arun Prasath: 
Understood, sir. Any capex guidance for this? 
K. Natarajan:
We talked about capex guidance. So I think this year, we will be at about an additional listing 
of about INR 150 crores. 
Arun Prasath: 
. Same as last year. No problem. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jignesh Kamani from Nippon Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Yes. Hi. Just want to know about the quantum of the pricing gain because if you take about fatty 
oil alcohol price almost up just 3% Y-o-Y and Q-o-Q also 2 percentage. But if I take about our 
average duration, which increased by about 30-odd percentage from 190 to 250, and similarly, 
Q-o-Q increased from 217 to almost 15 percentage.
So because of the West Asia crises there was a shortage of the material and hence, the finished 
product prices spike and hence, we benefited and it will reverse as the supply situation normalize 
or anything else to readout? Because even if I take about growth rate in the Specialty Chemicals, 
it is lower than the performance segment. 
K. Natarajan:
No. So what we have to understand is that, first of all, there was also a cost increase because if 
you look at my freight rates have more than doubled in the export side, which also goes into 
your price because the CIF price. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Okay. 

Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
August 14, 2026 
Page 12 of 18
K. Natarajan:
Second is, we also had a mix change because when the reformulation happened, you also had a 
certain mix change within the performance products portfolio that also has that increase because 
some of it we sell at a 70% active, some products we sell at 100%, 95% active. So when the mix 
changes, that also increases the selling price, ? Because finally, dry products are priced more 
than, say, liquid or a paste product. So that also contributed, , to the selling price going up. 
But what it also meant is that it's important that  what it tells you is that we were very well-
prepared when the opportunity got presented and all the headwinds that were there last year 
when it became converted to tailwinds, I think we were in a good position to be able to leverage 
on that opportunity. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Or, say, let me ask another way. So if  you remove the increase in the spike in the finished good 
product, just because of the better mix, you can see what kind of average ASP has increased? 
K. Natarajan:
I would not want to specifically comment on that because there are too many stuff that has 
happened that I don't want to specifically point out because it will only confuse. So what 
essentially you want to be wanting to know as to what it will sustain? 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Yes, exactly. So out of right now, INR 35,000 can say EBITDA per ton, what is the element of 
the inventory spike or the finished good spike benefit, which might reverse once the price... 
K. Natarajan:
I don’t want to say it that way. But what I can say is that because that essentially also will not 
be the right indication. So what I say that we achieved INR 35,000. As moving forward, we're 
looking at achieving something like INR 21,000 , for the next three quarters, INR 21,000 to INR 
22,000. The average coming down to INR 24,000 to INR 25,000. And that essentially factors in 
all the structural stuff that have fallen in place, , very clearly as compared to last year. Last year 
-- full year, we were only at INR 19,000,  
Jignesh Kamani: 
Understood. 
K. Natarajan:
That essentially means all our specialty ingredients portfolio getting better in U.S.A., our 
premium specialties getting great momentum through TRI-K specialties business, , my volume 
growth in India coming back, reformulation, also the way it is favourable to us continuing. All 
this has been factored in. And basis that, I'll increased the guidance compared for the year to 
INR 24,000 to INR 25,000 per metric ton. With the volume growth of 6% to 8%, which I was 
last year, I was almost degrowing by 1%. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Understood. You are -- as of now you are talking about INR 21,000, INR 22,000, kind of, 
sustainable quarterly EBITDA per ton?  
K. Natarajan:
Higher EBITDA that’s we are looking at. ? 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Yes. Sure. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Khetan from SMIFS institutional. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Thank you, sir for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of performance. Just a couple of 
questions. Sir, when we look into the customer mix, so some 40% is coming from the regional 

Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
August 14, 2026 
Page 13 of 18
players. And I believe, sir, like the regional and the local players have limited pricing power to 
absorb this – so this much raw material price hike. Since we have taken a good jump into the 
prices. What actually changed, like, in terms of demand? 
So these players have also been able to absorb this much price rise by you. Any idea, sir, on the 
demand side more if qualitatively you can say like the personal inflation, we are witnessing that 
the inflation is also going up still like the personal expenditure by the consumers is intact. So 
that is what... 
K. Natarajan:
Yes, that's what, if you see the results of our customers also, it tells you as to how the consumer 
demand seems to be still intact, ? Because if you look at HUL has reported almost 5% volume 
growth for this quarter on the back of a 6% volume growth last quarter. And the commentary 
from them is really indicating the -- same thing we are seeing in all our other customers, end 
customers who have reported a good growth in volume terms. ? 
Which shows that -- whereas all of them have also talked about increasing prices because the 
inflation has got much beyond what anyone can absorb, ? So we do see that something because 
the price increases have been much beyond what anyone can absorb and keep the consumers 
insulated from that. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Got it, sir. Sir, when we look in the overall mix, the specialty surfactant actually, sir, on quarter-
on-quarter basis or Y-o-Y basis because the percentage came down, like, 40% now to around 
34%. Although, absolute definitely looks quite good, but in terms of percentage that has gone 
down. So this mix change, sir, if I remove all the benefits of inventory and everything, whatever 
the freight cost and all, so in terms of a mix-wise, how much we could have achieved in terms 
of EBITDA per kg in this quarter? 
K. Natarajan:
That's what I'm saying. Suppose we didn't have all these things, we would have still been, you 
know, about INR 21,000 per metric ton. And the reason why the specialty portfolio has come 
down, , as a percentage, because my denominator has gone up? , because the performance 
products also grew significantly. So when the denominator goes up, , the percentage obviously 
will look lower. 
Last year was a different story it was the denominator itself was lower, ? And it also tells you 
that the specialty momentum because in absolute terms, if you see, it has registered a very good 
growth. So what essentially happens is that that's a good indication in terms of going forward as 
to how structurally things will continue to remain where they are and get better. 
Aditya Khetan: 
, sir. Sir, my third question is on to the demand side, like, from the international markets in 
Europe and U.S., although we understand that you mentioned so now the negativity of tariffs 
and all are behind and we are getting good customer approvals and all in place. But you had also 
mentioned like some two quarters back like there are some demand-related issues structurally, 
which can change. Have you seen any, sort of, that things from the customer side commentary 
in U.S., some sort of structural change happening or we could continue to witness some double-
digit growth in volumes at least for the next 2 years to 3 years? 
K. Natarajan:
See in rest of the world, see, first of all the we don't hold any great share in any of these markets 
in Europe or in Latin America or in Americas, ? What I said two quarters back was, they got a 

Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
August 14, 2026 
Page 14 of 18
special ingredients because of the inflationary situation, I think, the projects in pipeline were 
not getting matured faster because customers are taking time, , to approve because they were 
anyhow, looking at the demand situation like -- and this more is with regard to Europe, , which 
is why I said this because we had a good amount of products in pipeline, but not maturing. And 
whenever a situation I was, like, even last when February, March, this thing happened, I think, 
many of our customers in Europe really went slow. And then we have seen that getting better 
now. So from that part, yes. 
But in U.S., we are seeing that the demand is still upbeat, ? They are also growing well as the 
economy, ? Inflation seems to be getting better based on what, you know, this thing -- the Fed 
had come up with. So I don't see any demand implication there. But, yes, when looking at getting 
into new products or whatever, there will be some amount of extra time they may take, ? But 
yes, I think we do see that, that also has gotten better in terms of the way things are getting 
reflected in our first quarter numbers in the U.S. market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tanvi Warekar from Anand Rathi. Please go 
ahead. Tanvi, your line unmuted. Please ask your question. There appears to be no response 
from this participant. We'll move on to the next question. It's from the line of Umang Shah from 
Banyan Tree Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Umang Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on good set of performance. Sir, my first 
question was that in FY22, we had seen similar spike in fatty alcohol price. And after that for 
next two years, the prices ended up becoming stable and declining. We saw something similar 
in Q3 of FY25 when prices crossed or near $2,500 per metric ton. And after that, they have been 
hovering in the similar range with first quarter at $2,800 as being one of the highest levels. Any 
reason why you're not building some stability or decline in prices for next 1 years or 2 years? 
K. Natarajan:
Any stability I'm not building what? Any stability or.. 
Umang Shah: 
Decline in prices. 
K. Natarajan:
In prices of fatty alcohol? 
Umang Shah: 
Yes, yes. 
K. Natarajan:
Yes. See, the problem is in terms of fatty alcohol prices are driven by palm kernel oil prices and 
palm kernel oil prices is driven more by the palm prices. And the palm prices obviously get 
driven, , by how your petrochemical -- your brunt, your crude petroleum prices behave. Because 
they are closely connected because of the biodiesel mandates, ? 
So if I look at the chart purely on the technicals, , I can probably say that what you're saying is 
right because even my sourcing team comes up with the technical chart. Over the last one year, 
we are seeing that those charts don't get, you know, they are not in line with those charts because 
there are a lot of other factors, , that suddenly start cropping up and ends up like this Indonesia 
mandate of 40% to 50%. 
In fact, I'll be happy if it comes down, logically, it should, ? But there's also this aspect of El 
Nino next year, it will get impacted because El Nino this year is going to impact production use 
next year. So there can be supply-led support to the prices. So there's a lot of moving parts. So 

Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
August 14, 2026 
Page 15 of 18
that's why I'm not assuming any guess, ? So we need to look at it quarter-on-quarter, and that's 
the best way to manage the situation. 
Umang Shah: 
Absolutely, absolutely. And sir, going forward, would we be committing more capital in the 
form of capacity expansion or acquisition in AMET market? 
K. Natarajan:
You're asking whether I'm going to commit any capital into AMET market? 
Umang Shah: 
Yes, yes. 
K. Natarajan:
See, AMET market very clearly, we have already done our capex. We obviously will be -- any 
capexes that we'll be doing there will be more in terms of certain debottlenecking exercises we'll 
do investments. There is no acquisition we are planning in AMET for sure. There's no plan that 
we have there at all. 
Umang Shah: 
. And for you, market has not structurally changed for us in AMET market, right? Last year, one 
of our  customers that backward integrated, if my memory serves me right. So in that context, 
the market has not permanently changed. It's just right now, it's a decline. Once things stabilize, 
it will also bounce back. 
K. Natarajan:
So what has changed has changed. So it is not worsening from there. It is not that it is reversing, 
? Because that shift churn in the -- at my end customer space, , that has happened. What we're 
saying is that, that having happened, , there are other growth avenues that we're looking at in 
various other markets, which obviously has constantly been challenged due to one situation or 
the other, , external situation, which is getting -- which we actually had got results last quarter 
but wastage cycle has further aggravated and created an issue in terms of our supply constraints, 
? 
And the way things are and our order book position, we do see things are looking better from a 
demand scenario. It's also about how we are able to -- because that particular thing of the churn 
in our end customer business shares was in the local Egypt market. But we have also been 
working on diversifying our portfolio to other countries, correct to take care of this. So all these 
are working well for us. 
Umang Shah: 
Understood. Understood. Thank you so much sir. Have a great quarter ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Tanvi Warekar from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Tanvi Warekar: 
Yes. Hi. Congratulations on great set of numbers there. Just one question regarding you 
mentioned this quarter recorded EPC service income. So if you could quantify this? And 
whether like you had mentioned in the last call that FY27 would be large part of the recognition. 
So is it spread out equally across the next three quarters as well? 
K. Natarajan:
See, first of all, due to reason confidentiality with our customers that we have entered into, we 
can’t be able to disclose what is the -- numbers we have recognized, but what is recognized is 
not significantly impacting the overall numbers that we are putting. So to that extent, I can give 
you clarity. And this is going to be completed this year. And I think we will have the recognition 

Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
August 14, 2026 
Page 16 of 18
completed by end of this financial year. 
Tanvi Warekar: 
Okay, sir. Okay. Thank you so much. And just one, sir, this gets recorded in the performance 
segment as well, right? 
K. Natarajan:
No, no. This is a separate segment. It is not performance segment. It will be a separate segment. 
It is not related to that. It is a separate business model. Yes. 
Tanvi Warekar: 
Okay. Thank you so much. Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rohit: 
Yes. Thank your taking my question, sir and congratulations for good set of numbers. Sir, two 
questions from my side. One is, I mean, as we have seen, contract revision from the customer 
side. So just wanted to understand all these contracts are on the spot basis only? Or would there 
be, the long-term contracts are also revised in terms of pricing or is it just a spot basis just to 
absorb the RM cost increase? 
K. Natarajan:
No, no. See, one thing is very clear that wherever our contractual business, there is a clear latent 
methodology as to how the cost increase or decrease will be passed out. So that is being ensured 
because that's why I said it's all transparent. 
On spot prices, again, you know, there is a very clear this thing and then whatever is something 
that needs to be revised will be revised,  So as I said during, I think, the initial part of my call 
when one question was asked, it's about how transparent we are with customers as long as 
customers know that there is a genuine reason, which was not in our control, and that is the 
reason for the increase. I think they're extremely, you know, fair, okay, to observe it. 
Similarly, we also know that when there is – reduction is possible, Galaxy is going to pass it on 
at the first available opportunity. So that ensures that there is a process that is there, but it is not 
something where the customers keep resisting as long as they are able to understand the rationale 
for that. 
Rohit: 
Okay. Fair enough. Secondly, in terms of inorganic expansion as we were discussing some time 
back also. So are we still, I mean, progressing well on this part or how to look at this inorganic 
expansion for maybe for next 1 years or 2 years? 
K. Natarajan:
Yes. So this is something that we are progressing well in terms of the way that we are evaluating, 
mandate with regard to what can be the targets. but we need to get the right fit. we are very clear 
that we will not do anything that doesn't meet the criteria that we have set, because anything 
that we do has to be in line with our strategy and also accretive to our profitability. 
So we are very seized of that. , a lot of work is happening in terms of evaluating. I hope the, sort 
of, work that we're doing, we should be able to announce something in the coming quarters, but 
we need to wait and watch, but we'll not do anything just to be able to  for the fear of missing 
out, that certainly we will not do. 
Rohit: 
Okay. Okay. Fair enough. And that’s it from my side, sir. Thank you and best of luck. 

Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
August 14, 2026 
Page 17 of 18
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavesh from DV Investment Advisors. Please 
go ahead. Bhavesh, your line is unmuted. Please ask your question. 
Bhavesh: 
Yes, Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. I just want to understand the company from like next 
3 year, 4 year perspective and the whole transition from, let's say, performance to specialty 
chemical side. So we have introduced products like TRI-K and SimpliX. So I just want to 
understand, are there any more products in pipeline that we have? And what is the competition 
intensity in these products? And also how we are looking at the mix going forward from 
performance to specialty in the next 3 years, 4 years? 
K. Natarajan:
So, first of all, I'd like to clarify there is no -- strategy to transition from performance to specialty. 
Our strategy is very clear that we have to grow both the legs of our business performance and 
specialty ingredients. And that is how our, you know, when we did present in the Analyst Day 
presentation, we said very clearly, how we are going to look at the growth for both, ? So there 
is no way that we're going to be saying that we want to deprioritize our performance surfactants 
business. So that I want to clarify very clearly. So we have clear plans to grow both the 
businesses. 
And for performance surfactants, the way that we need to be staying relevant and competitive 
is in terms of how we are going to be having our operational excellence clearly coming and 
giving us the strength, ? So that is what is going to enable us, , to be able to weather any 
competitive intensity and still deliver the profitable growth. 
If you look at there – for SimpliX and all these products that we have launched, , we have more 
products in the pipeline. I think some of it will be launched in the next quarter, . There is a clear 
plan. . And we do look at all new products, -- this thing is by 2030, they should contribute to 
almost greater than 5% of our total revenue and our contribution margins. 
Bhavesh: 
And like we are introducing these new products. So do we have any peers who are making these 
similar products with these chemistries or we are one of the suppliers? 
K. Natarajan:
No, no, no. The peers, they may be make -- what we come up with is very clear positioning on 
what our product delivers in line with the consumer trends. And with all our studies with the 
claims substantiation as well as the ease of formulation. So that's what we will do. So that is 
something that -- the many products that we launched the first time. 
And that's the reason why we say that when we come up with a product which is new and not 
in the market, the customers do take -- after they're convinced about its relevance in terms of 
their requirements, they do take time to approve because they need to do a whole set of testing. 
Because if it's something similar to what is already there, they only need to look at the 
incremental approval mechanism. But we don't want to be getting there in terms of our 
innovation platform. 
Bhavesh: 
That’s it. That’s it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ishika Bajaj from Kredent Family Office. 
Please go ahead. 
Ishika Bajaj: 
So you mentioned that, you know, you increased your EBITDA margin guidance and EBITDA 

Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
August 14, 2026 
Page 18 of 18
per ton guidance as well. So at a company level, I understand. But is there any industry tailwind 
that you are seeing because the competitors in the space have also reported good numbers for 
the quarter. So just wanted to understand your view on the industry going forward. 
K. Natarajan:
Yes, see, if you look at the industry in terms of demand, ? So I would say that the demand as of 
now looks to be resilient despite the inflation that has happened because of the commodities 
going up due to the West Asia crisis, ? And we do see that across, you know, you seen APAC, 
in India, I think even all types of customers, , are looking at the demand momentum sustaining. 
? 
What my competition is doing because many of the competition are not into the entire range of 
products that we have, ? With competitors in India, we have the largest portfolio and also in 
terms of scale and also a large customer base. So we are pretty very different, but that also is 
what differentiates our business model and underscores its robustness. 
Ishika Bajaj: 
. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I now hand the floor 
over to the management for closing comments. 
K. Natarajan:
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. . Have a great weekend. And once again, wishing you all a 
very happy 80th  Independence Day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Galaxy Surfactants Limited, that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
