 
LTM Limited 
(Formerly LTIMindtree Limited) 
L&T Technology Center, Tower 1, Gate No. 5, Saki Vihar Road, Powai, Mumbai - 400072, Maharashtra, India. 
T: +91 92402 97500  
Registered Office: L&T House, Ballard Estate, Mumbai - 400 001, India.  
W: ltm.com • E: info@ltm.com • CIN: L72900MH1996PLC104693 
      LTM/SE/STAT/2026-27/61                                                                                                              July 16, 2026 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: LTM 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 540005 
 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Calls held on July 11, 2026 
 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed transcript of the Earnings Conference 
Calls* held on July 11, 2026.  
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For LTM Limited 
 
 
Angna Arora 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
 
*Due to technical issues, the Company conducted an additional call through Microsoft Teams Platform 
immediately after the scheduled earnings call at 8:00 p.m. (IST).  
 
Angna 
Anish Arora
Digitally signed by 
Angna Anish Arora 
Date: 2026.07.16 
16:42:59 +05'30'

Page 1 of 48 
 
 
“Transcript of LTM Limited Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call” 
 
July 11, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management:  
Mr. Venu Lambu - Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
Mr. Vipul Chandra Singh - Chief Financial Officer & Whole-Time Director 
Mr. Vikas Jadhav - Head, Investor Relations  
 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 48 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the LTM Limited Q1 
FY2027 Earnings Call. Please note all participants are currently in listen 
only mode and there will be an opportunity to ask questions following the 
conclusion of the management's opening remarks. Please note that this 
call is being recorded.  
                                        I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikas Jadhav, Head of Investor 
Relations team. Over to you, Sir. 
Vikas Jadhav: 
Thanks, Swapnil. Good day everyone and welcome to LTM's Q1 FY2027 
earnings conference call.  
                                       Today on the call, we have with us  
                                       Mr. Venu Lambu, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director and  
                                      Mr. Vipul Chandra, Chief Financial Officer and Whole Time Director.  
                                       We will begin by providing a brief overview of company's Q1 FY2027 
performance after which we will open the floor for Q&A.  
                                        During the call, we could make forward looking statements. These 
statements consider the environment as we see today and carry risks and 
uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from 
those expressed in today's call. We do not undertake to update any 
forward-looking statement made on this call. 
 
I now turn the call over to Venu for his opening remarks. 
Venu Lambu: 
Thank you, Vikas. Hello, everyone. Firstly, thank you for joining us on a 
Saturday evening.  
                                       Our profitable growth journey in the AI era is off to a good start. With our 
leading industry segments delivering a strong quarter-over-quarter 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 48 
growth. Our New Horizons program continues to deliver significant 
progress, contributing to the overall margin expansion. Our deal win 
momentum remained strong. I will share more details on this later in the 
call.  
 
Before I turn to the quarterly numbers, let me briefly recap the strategy 
we set out at our Investor Day 2026. We committed to becoming an AI-
centric organization, reorganizing around AI, building a comprehensive AI 
ecosystem, and steadily shifting our revenue mix towards AI-led work. 
This quarter, we delivered many proof points, with measurable business 
outcomes in line with our strategy.  
                                        We now operate through three lines of business. iRun, iTransform, and 
Business AI.  
1. iRun operates and secures our client's technology estates with an AI-
infused approach.  
2. iTransform delivers large scale transformation, modernization, and 
differentiated experiences through AI-led software engineering, data, 
interactive, and enterprise platforms.  
3. Business AI reimagines the core business processes and client's 
business model through our domain, data, agentic, and SLM 
capabilities.  
                                       Foundational to our lines of business is BlueVerse™, our AI ecosystem. It 
brings together our AI-led offerings and deployment capabilities with 
future-ready talent, domain-specific SLMs, and a growing library of 
prebuilt agents supported by new AI-native business models, and 
expanded GTM partnerships.  
                                       Through this structure, we deliver four distinct types of AI work: 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 48 
1. Enterprise AI, which embeds intelligence into the enterprise technology 
stack.  
2. Business AI, which reimagines core business processes and business 
models. 
3. Industrial AI, which infuses AI into our clients' manufacturing process and 
supply chains through connected products and solutions and  
4. Creative AI, which transforms our clients' creative content, design, and 
experiences.  
 
Three lines of business, four types of AI work, one ecosystem - This is how 
we Outcreate with AI.  
 
I am happy to share that our AI revenue across Creative, Industrial and 
Business AI together contributed approximately USD 150 million on a 
quarterly run rate basis. 
 
Let me now share the financial performance for Q1 FY2027:  
                                        We reported revenues of USD 1.22 billion, delivering a 0.3% growth on a 
sequential basis and 6.4% growth on a year-over-year basis in constant 
currency terms.  
                                       We are pleased to report that our EBIT margins came in at 15.5%, a 40 
basis point sequential improvement despite wage hikes. This also 
translates into 120 basis points year-over-year improvement reflecting 
strong execution.  
                                        Our order book continues to be stable at USD 1.7 billion, including two 
large deal wins. 
 
Let me now turn to some of our notable deal wins this quarter.  

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 48 
 
In iRun LoB,  
                                        We were selected by a US-based insurance company to modernize 
infrastructure operations through an AI-led delivery model, enhancing 
resilience, stability, and operational efficiency.  
                                        We expanded our relationship with a global business travel management 
company to transform its IT operations, application services, and 
consolidated its infrastructure to an integrated iRun model.  
In iTransform LoB,  
                                        We were selected as a strategic vendor by a US based multinational 
organization as part of its effort to consolidate its IT services landscape. 
Through our iRun, iTransform, and business AI LoB modelswe will help 
them 
to 
reduce 
complexity, 
optimize 
costs, 
and 
accelerate 
transformation. This is the same large deal we referenced during our 
Investor Day last month.  
                                        We were chosen as a transformation partner for a leading global 
automotive manufacturer to consolidate and modernize its technology 
landscape through an AI-led model, improving operational efficiency and 
simplifying IT operations. 
 
We were selected as a strategic data transformation partner by a major 
global industrial manufacturer of climate and energy solutions to 
consolidate its federated data ecosystem into a unified enterprise data 
platform, enabling data monetization and building a single source of 
truth.  

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 48 
                                        We were selected by a US-based financial payments company to advance 
its technology transformation agenda through an AI insights platform, 
cloud migration, and modernization initiatives.  
In Business AI,  
                                        We were selected by a European consumer company to reimagine its 
existing sales excellence process and deploy an AI-powered data and 
decision intelligence platform to improve pricing, promotions, and sales 
effectiveness.  
                                        We were selected by a global industrial conglomerate to deploy an AI-
driven platform that automates end-to-end proposal management, 
improving speed, quality, and consistency of client responses.  
                                       Our BlueVerse™ Voicing SLM continues to gain momentum with our 
clients. We completed 17 unique implementations in the past 12 months, 
including two key wins this quarter.  
o The first one, a leading U.S. leisure travel company selected 
BlueVerse™ Voicing to automate member verification and 
resolve routine inquiries autonomously.  
o The second one, a global financial administration company 
adopted BlueVerse™ Voicing to migrate its customer service 
operation to an agentic AI-driven voice and intent automation 
solution.  
                                       These engagements follow the outcome-based commercial construct. 
 
Let me now share updates on our industry segment.  

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 48 
                                       Starting Q1 FY2027, we have consolidated our reporting under four 
industry segments, namely Financial Services, Consumer, Technology and 
Services, and Production.  
                                       All numbers referenced next represent growth in constant currency terms.  
                                        As I had indicated about financial services returning to sequential growth, 
I am pleased to share that the segment delivered a strong 3.2% sequential 
expansion. On a year-over-year basis, the segment declined by 2.5%.  
                                       Tech and services segment also reported a strong growth of 3.4% 
sequentially and 10% on a year-over-year basis.  
                                        Production segment reported a decline of 5.7%, mainly on account of fall-
off in seasonal pass through. Over a year-over-basis, it delivered a growth 
of 5.3%.  
                                       Consumer segment declined by 0.7% sequentially and grew significantly by 
18.2% on a year-over-year basis. The quarterly decline was due to the 
delayed ramp-ups and delayed projects in India and Middle East. 
 
With our large industry segments reporting strong sequential growth, it 
sets a strong foundation for the year ahead.  
                                        We are also encouraged to see the growth momentum broadening across 
client categories with our Top 5 and Top 10 customers recording 
sequential growth of 4.5% and 4.3% respectively.  
                                        I am pleased to share that all of our client categories expanded both 
sequentially and year-over-year. On a year-over-year basis, we added one 
client in the USD 50 million+ category, taking the total to 15 and 11 clients 
in USD 20 million+ category, bringing the total to 52.  

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 48 
                                        We continue to see consistent external validation of our capabilities by 
industry analysts and partners. This quarter, we received several 
recognitions. I will call out a few of them.  
                                        We received the Golden Peacock Award for Excellence in Artificial 
Intelligence 2026, recognizing our leadership in enterprise scale AI 
adoption and innovation through our BlueVerse™ ecosystem.  
                                        We were recognized as a market leader in the HFS Horizons: Next Gen IT 
Infrastructure Services 2026 report.  
                                       We were recognized as a leader in the ISG Provider Lens SAP Ecosystem 
2026 report.  
                                       We received the Google Cloud Partner of the Year 2026 awards for Media 
and Entertainment, and Infrastructure modernization in North America.  
                                        We won the 2026 Databricks Global COE Partner of the year award.  
                                        We won the Talent Acquisition Innovation Award at the Financial Express 
HR Awards 2026.  
                                        Please refer to the fact sheet for a complete list of recognition. 
 
This quarter, we continue to strengthen our BlueVerse™ ecosystem. I 
would like to share with you some of the key highlights:  
                                        We launched BlueVerse™ iRun for integrated Ops, BlueVerse™ Databricks 
for data transformation, and BlueVerse™ RightLogic for cybersecurity 
remediation.  
                                        We launched BlueVerse™ Currency, our new commercial construct that 
offers outcome-based pricing for AI services.  

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 48 
                                        We expanded our BlueVerse™ Studio footprint with a new facility in 
Bengaluru.  
 
We launched AI 1000, our strategic workforce transformation initiative, 
with a goal of developing a pool of 1000+ Forward Deployed Engineers 
(FDEs).  
                                        To accelerate our SLM development and deployment to clients across key 
verticals, we participated in a strategic investment round in Uniphore, the 
Business AI company. Uniphore unlocks the agentic enterprise with a 
complete, composable AI platform spanning agents, models, knowledge, 
and data. This investment will strengthen our previously announced 
partnership with Uniphore in delivering industry and domain specific SLM.  
                                        We signed a partnership with OVHcloud in France to accelerate the 
deployment of sovereign AI Cloud in Europe. 
I would like to now share a few proof points on four types of AI work 
thatwe are delivering. 
1. In Business AI,  
For a global specialty chemicals leader, we built an AI-led growth 
insights engine that unifies how teams ask, analyze, and act on insights 
across brand, pricing, and market share to form a centralized, agentic 
intelligence layer.  
For a US-based multinational organization, we built an end-to-end 
Generative Engine Optimization (GEO) strategy and grew impressions, 
clicks, AI mentions, and improved LLM-driven traffic by 33%.  
2. In Creative AI,  
For a leading real estate company, we generated 2 million+ views across 
10 video assets by scaling marketing campaigns and creatives through 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 48 
AI-led content generation, cutting time to market by 75%, reducing 
asset production costs by 50%.  
For a global beauty brand, we produced organizational change 
management content through an AI-led content generation approach 
accelerating consistent enterprise communication to 4,000+ researchers 
and scientists in the research and innovation division.  
3. In Enterprise AI,  
For a global energy major, we consolidated a fragmented monitoring 
landscape into a single agentic operations intelligence platform, cutting 
operations costs by up to 40%, reducing alert noise by 85%, and auto 
remediating over a third of recurring incidents. 
 
For a global hospitality leader, we modernized mission-critical revenue 
platform by pricing rooms across 10,000+ hotels. Our agent-led human-in-
the-loop model eliminated 400+ vulnerabilities per application with zero 
downtime.  
4. In Industrial AI,  
                                        For a global power management leader, we created a digital twin and 
closed-loop robotic correction through our iNXT physical AI platform. This 
delivered 97.4% defect detection accuracy and 67% less downtime, with 
clients realizing ROI in the first iteration.  
                                        For a global automotive leader, we deployed an ML-driven predictive 
solution on the laser blanking line that detects process instability before it 
causes downtime, enabling 70% accurate early alerts with actionable 
operator recommendations.  
                                        With this, I would now like to hand it over to Vipul for an update on 
financials. 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 48 
Vipul Chandra: 
Thank you, Venu.  
                                        Hello, everyone, and thank you once again for joining us on a weekend.    
                                        We hope you have reviewed our integrated annual report for FY2026, 
which provides detailed disclosures on both financial and non-financial 
metrics and highlights our ongoing commitment to ESG principles.  
                                        Let me now walk you through the financial highlights for the first quarter 
of FY2027, starting with our revenue performance.  
Our Q1 revenue stood at USD 1,224 million, reflecting a growth of 0.3% 
quarter-on-quarter and 6.4% year-on-year in constant currency. The 
corresponding dollar growth was 0.1% quarter-on-quarter and 6.1% year-
on-year.  
Revenue in INR stood at Rs.11,608 Crores, up 2.8% quarter-on-quarter 
and 18% year-on-year.  
Our EBIT margin expanded by 40 basis points sequentially to 15.5%, 
primarily driven by operational efficiencies from the New Horizons 
program, in addition to Forex benefits.  
The EBIT margin also shows an expansion of 120 basis points year-on-year 
from 14.3% in Q1 FY26. This expansion has been possible due to the 
concerted focus on margin improvement initiatives under the Fit for 
Future program last year and continuing under the New Horizons program 
this year.  
Profit after tax for the quarter stood at Rs.1,469 Crores as compared to 
Rs.1,341 Crores in the previous quarter, an increase of 9.5% quarter-on-
quarter and 17.1% year-on-year.  

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 48 
The PAT margin came in at 12.7%, up from 11.9% last quarter. The 
movement from EBIT to PAT includes the impact of higher investment 
income, losses on cash flow hedges, and a one-time gain on the 
recognition of the value of our investment in Voicing.AI.  
The effective tax rate for the quarter was 25.8% compared with 26.3% in 
Q4.  
Basic EPS was Rs.49.5 for the quarter as compared to Rs.45.4 in Q4 
FY2026. 
 
Our total DSO for Q1 stood at 85 days versus 84 days last quarter.  
The OCF to PAT ratio stood at 79%, down from 96% in Q4. While FCF to 
PAT was 63% versus 75% in Q4. Normalized for the one-time gain, these 
ratios would have been 88% and 70% respectively.  
Cash and investment balances stood at around USD 1.5 billion or 
Rs.15,021 Crores post the payout of the final dividend for FY2026 
compared to Rs.15,445 Crores in Q4 FY2026.  
Return on capital employed for the quarter was 29.8% versus 29.2% last 
quarter.  
As of June 30, 2026, our cash flow hedges stood at USD 4.71 billion and 
hedges on the balance sheet were USD 318 million. 
 
Utilization excluding trainees stood at 86.4% for the quarter compared to 
85.7% in Q4. The headcount at the end of Q1 was 87,886. Fresher 
addition stood at 1,308.  
For the quarter, our TTM attrition remained stable at 13.3%.  

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 48 
As an update on our previously announced intention to acquire Randstad 
Technology and Consulting Services business in Europe and Australia, we 
have submitted the required applications to regulators across various 
countries for approvals and the process remains on track with our 
planned schedule. 
 
I am pleased to share that CRISIL reaffirmed LTM's long term and short-
term credit ratings at AAA/Stable and A1+, respectively, while the 
company received a CRISIL ESG score of 77 and a core ESG score of 83 in 
FY2026, placing it in the leadership category, CRISIL's highest ESG 
recognition tier.  
I am also happy to share that at the Businessworld CFO World Awards 
2026, LTM has received two prestigious honors, Excellence in Financial 
Reporting and Excellence in Crisis Management.  
These recognitions reflect the strength of our governance framework and 
our focus on risk management.  
I now hand it back to Venu for the business outlook. 
Venu Lambu: 
Thank you, Vipul.  
Let me now turn to our outlook for the year ahead.  
Our order book remains strong and broad-based. The pipeline continues 
to build across our segments, and we are converting that into sustained 
deal momentum.  
Our AI pivot is now delivering tangible proof points for our clients. Our 
three lines of business, four types of AI work, and one BlueVerse™ 
ecosystem are helping us deliver AI impact to our customers and this is 
reflected in the nature and the size of deals we are winning.  

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 48 
The productivity-linked pricing conversations we have had with some of 
our large clients are now behind us. That transition is complete and we 
see this as a source of strength going forward rather than a headwind, as 
it has strengthened our strategic positioning with these accounts.  
Taken together, the order book, the AI proof points, and the completion 
of this client transition gives us confidence that our growth will accelerate 
through Q2 and into the second half alongside further expansion of the 
margins.  
Thank you. The floor is now open for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the 
question-and-answer session. We have our first question coming in from 
Sulabh Govila of Morgan Stanley.  
Sulabh Govila: 
Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the growth seen in the top 
client buckets. My first question is on the outlook, just trying to better 
understand. So in the first quarter, on a QoQ basis, there was an 
underlying business momentum that you saw. If you adjust for the 
seasonal pass-through element and the macro-related headwind that was 
there in the Middle East, so is it fair to assume that, that sort of a business 
momentum should reflect from 2Q onwards, especially with the deal wins 
sustaining, or are there any additional moving parts, which can change 
that trajectory, particularly for 2Q? 
Venu Lambu: 
Sulabh, thanks for the question. The positive news is, some of our biggest 
segments are in the growth trajectory, and I expect that to continue as we 
go into the next quarter. Barring the seasonal movement, the aspect that I 
called out on the Middle East and the India ramp-up, unless there is no 
escalation which is beyond our control on the geopolitical situation, the 
rest of the market segments, which has got a great start to the year, 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 48 
should continue even for Q2. So, I do not see any issue with any of our 
global industry segments. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Understood and then secondly, with respect to the sales headcount, so 
there has been some moderation over the last one year of about 8% to 
9%. I just wanted to understand, is this more on the support side due to 
efficiencies, or have there been some actions in a particular geography 
that has led to that? 
Venu Lambu: 
Yes, it is related to the enabling function, the support functions. If you 
recall our strategy, we did articulate that we want to grow faster and also 
embrace AI within our own internal usage and we are seeing the benefits 
of it. How do we run our internal IT? How do we run our finance, HR, 
support functions, operations functions, and so on? So those productivity 
benefits are visible when you see those changes. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Understood Sir. Thank you for taking my question, I will get back into the 
queue. 
Moderator:  
Thank you so much Sulabh. We are taking a next question from Ashwin 
Mehta of Ambit Capital.  
Ashwin Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just one question. So what is the nature of 
demand that is being served by subcontractors instead of our own 
employees because that is one element that has gone up by 130 bps Q-o-
Q and almost 320 bps Y-o-Y? 
Venu Lambu: 
So Vipul, I will take this one and you please add to it further. So Ashwin, it 
is essentially related to a vendor consolidation exercise that is happening 
with some of our customers, especially the customers where we have a 
deep relationship across a couple of verticals, where the clients are asking 
us to transition the tail vendor to be part of a leading vendor in the 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 48 
vendor consolidation exercise. As a part of that, the approach is - you 
would transition it from the tail vendors and then you convert that into 
our end-state model over a period of time. So I see this as a spike due to 
those kinds of engagements, but not indicative of any specific trend. Over 
a period of time, you should see a decrease in that, when it moves into 
our end-state model. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
And a follow up to what Sulabh asked, on the SG&A side, what you seem 
to have indicated that there seem to have been G&A efficiencies that 
have come in. Earlier our expectation was that SG&A would go more 
closer to the 11% to 11.5% of sales level. Do you see that happening now 
or given the efficiencies on the other side, the SG&A should be kind of 
stable at these levels? 
Venu Lambu: 
We would expect it to remain stable at this level. I think one of the things 
that we are doing is we are not touching the sales. In fact, we are 
investing a lot on sales, especially on the enablement side. One of the 
things that we have initiated is the training of our sales organization on 
the new AI way of selling, as an example. There are new competencies 
and we are enabling them, so the productivity of our salespeople is 
actually moving in a positive direction. I am really encouraged with those 
responses, the way we are pivoting there and all the efficiency that you 
see is to build an AI-driven organization for our internal operations and 
that will remain steady for times to come. I do not expect any variation of 
that. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Sure. Thanks, Venu, and all the best. 
Venu Lambu: 
Vipul you want to add something on to this piece. 
Vipul Chandra: 
I will just add one thing Venu that the SG&A will not or is not likely to go 
up to the 11% to 11.5% range but yes, quarter-on-quarter some amount 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 48 
of variation from the current levels can happen because we are 
continuing to invest in our sales build-up and to that extent there could be 
some minor movement up and down from time to time, but overall, the 
11% to 11.5% range, I think we have kind of been able to achieve 
efficiencies, which have caused this change to be more, I would say, 
sustainable. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We are taking our next question from the line of 
Rohit Thorat of Axis Capital.  
Rohit Thorat: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So you showed good growth in BFSI, Hi- 
Tech, North America and even in top five customers. Client mining was 
also good in higher client tiers, however, there was a drag in Consumer, so 
do you expect the drag to continue in coming quarters or is it expected to 
worsen? So some qualitative commentary on that verticals would be 
helpful? 
Venu Lambu: 
Firstly, you look at consumer, it has grown 18.2% year-on-year basis.. That 
is huge, right and, the quarterly decline is pretty much related to some of 
the large deals that, as you are aware, we are dealing with in India with 
the tax department and, during the war situation, the shipments of 
certain hardware delivery, and also the challenges around the memory 
chips and everything to build an AI centric model, that has got delayed. I 
am assuming now that the shipments will get accelerated, so I do not 
expect that trend to continue and the decline is very marginal with the 
kind of growth we have year-on-year, so I am positive and optimistic 
about consumers' growth momentum. 
Rohit Thorat: 
Okay, thank you. The next question is on growth from North America, do 
you feel that the growth was broad-based during the quarter and you are 
comfortable that things have bottomed out and growth momentum 
would be sustained going forward? 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 48 
Venu Lambu: 
Absolutely. I mean, look, our tech services, which is hugely North 
America-centric, grew 3.4%, sequentially and double digit on a year-on-
year basis.  I am confident of continuing that momentum, and, financial 
services also is back to a sequential growth and it is showing a great 
demand traction so yes I am optimistic about the continued momentum 
in North America absolutely. 
Rohit Thorat: 
Okay last question is on the utilization front. Do you believe that you are 
already at an optimal level and you would need to step up hiring going 
forward? And also, what are your hiring plans for freshers this year versus 
last year? 
Vipul Chandra: 
I think in terms of utilization, we have previously articulated that we are 
targeting to stay somewhere in the region of 86% to 87%. We are 
currently in the middle of that range. Again, quarter-on-quarter, you may 
see some variations up or down, but it is a comfortable range for us to be 
in. Coming to the freshers hiring, I think we have been continuing with our 
fresher hiring and deployment. In this quarter itself, we have taken 
freshers, about 1,308 freshers have been added and we will continue to 
add freshers as we go along. I think from our strategic point of view, it is 
important to continue to build the AI-ready talent and to that extent, this 
initiative will continue. Though as we have called out in our strategy that 
the shape of the pyramid, etc., over a period of time will change from the 
traditional pyramid to a more diamond shaped structure, but I hope that 
answers the question that you are asking. 
Rohit Thorat: 
Yes, thank you. Thank you for taking my questions.. 
Moderator: 
We are taking our next question from Sandeep Shah of Equirus Securities.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted to understand what percentage 
of revenue comes from Middle East and when you have given an outlook 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 48 
of growth to accelerate in the coming quarter, are we expecting even the 
geopolitical issue are largely behind or may have some impact in the 
coming quarter as well? 
Venu Lambu: 
The Middle East numbers are less than 3% for us. That’s on the first part 
of the question. The second part is that, as I mentioned in the outlook 
commentary, we are reasonably confident about, growing in the 
subsequent quarter and continuing that momentum for the second half of 
the year and geopolitically, it is what it is, right? So I mean, I cannot say 
that it is the end of the situation of geopolitical thing. You never know 
what arises next week and so on, but keeping that aside, the fact that 
some of our big businesses are growing, our North America has got a 
great traction built up, and the productivity topic is behind us. The 
transition is complete in our top clients. Our top 10 clients have got a 
great momentum not just for this quarter in terms of the pipeline that 
they have built up for the next quarter. We will deal with anything that 
comes about in the quarter with regard to the geopolitical, which none of 
us can predict what it is, but what is most important is that our growth 
verticals, our growth businesses, our big size businesses are in the right 
position. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Venu, when you say growth to improve in your outlook comment, are you 
talking organically and that too on a Q-o-Q CC term? 
Venu Lambu: 
My commentary was on organic, because whatever is inorganic, as Vipul 
mentioned, that is expected to close sometime, probably at the beginning 
of Q3. So my commentary was all organic. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And out of many large deals, which we have won, the income tax deal has 
got delayed, which you expect may start ramping up from Q2, right? 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 48 
Venu Lambu: 
Yes whatever is the delay ramp up, I am expecting it to start ramping up in 
Q2, but the larger issue about hardware, shipment timelines and the 
memory prices is something that, that we still need to see how to 
navigate over the next one or two months, but whatever has got delayed 
from a Q1 perspective, I expect that to appear in Q2. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, Sandeep. We will go to our next participant. We have 
Dipesh Mehta of Emkay Global.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions. First just want to 
continue on this Income Tax related deal how to understand ramp up in 
that part? Do you expect it to be very gradual or it would be very sharp 
ramp up as and when let us say you source the hardware and some of the 
issues related to supply chain get addressed? Second question is about 
freshers addition plan, we added around 1300 odd freshers in Q1. How to 
understand for full year plan perspective? Third question is data related 
on non-controlling interest, we reported this quarter gain? Can you help 
us understand what played out there? Thank you. 
Venu Lambu: 
Why do not we start from the third one, Vipul? Do you want to pick that 
up while I pick up the first two ? 
Vipul Chandra: 
Yes, so on the non-controlling interest gain. So there is an increase in the 
non-controlling interest participation because of the Saudi JV that has 
been ramping up in its business and also there was a revaluation gain that 
we experienced in our investment in Voicing.AI, which also has been done 
through one of our subsidiaries in U.S. and as a result of which, the 
contribution from the subsidiary has gone up in this quarter. 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 48 
Venu Lambu: 
Thank you, Vipul. Let me take the question with regard to the ramp up. 
Look, as I mentioned, Q2 will be higher than Q1 when it comes to that 
particular project in India that you referred and, now in terms of the 
speed of ramp up, I do not know how you define gradual, fast, and so on. 
There is project timelines which we have to deliver, and that is in the 
common interest of us and the client, and we are working towards 
delivering to that schedule and, there are some elements of shipment 
visibility we have of the hardware that is needed to make our software 
services work on that, and we expect that delivery to happen in the 
beginning of Q2, so that will make us realize a lot of milestones that we 
have. We have a commitment towards our customer. So that is how I see 
it. So the whole idea is that if we can come back to our original project 
schedule between Q2 and Q3, which is of common interest for both us 
and the client, then we are back on the project. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
And the last part, if you can address freshers and any risk because of the 
let us say pricing fluctuation, any risk we carry in this deal from margin 
perspective? 
Venu Lambu: 
First I will address the freshers, then I will pick up the, the pricing related 
thing. We added 1,300+ freshers this quarter, and I expect the same 
numbers to continue. In fact, we would love to champion a lot of freshers 
program. That is one of the things that we are really encouraged by the 
results. Last year, we had more than 6,000 freshers that came in and 
when we launched our exponential engineering capabilities and AI-native 
skills, we were really encouraged with that cohort of talent that came into 
our organization and that brought in an AI-native skill sets which we can 
harness and, give them a lot more opportunities. So we are going to look 
for every opportunity to accelerate our freshers hiring, but at the 
minimum, in the Q1, we take 1,300 and I will explore all the opportunities 
to accelerate that faster, but at the outset for the year, you can assume 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 48 
that on an average, the same number of freshers that we will add on a 
quarterly basis. With regard to the pricing and margins, look, we have not 
factored anything on that aspect because it is a known issue, it is not 
something which is related to LTM delivery or LTM cost, it is an issue that 
impacts, broadly across the sectors and, the client is conscious about it 
and it is not just us, there are a lot of  other parties, who are in that supply 
chain, who are having those conversations and we are reasonably 
confident it will get addressed. So, at the moment, we are not calling out, 
any impact with regard to the margins for that project. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Dipesh. We have our next question coming in from the line of 
Girish Pai of BOB Capital. 
Girish Pai: 
Venu, you mentioned that growth is going to pick up from 2Q onwards 
and strengthen through the rest of the year? Will this mirror some of the 
growth you saw in the first three quarters of FY2026 or will it be better or 
worse than that? 
Venu Lambu: 
Okay. So, Girish, I publicly stated that our endeavor is (when we made the 
Q4 commentary), is to keep, the growth momentum the same as we go 
into the FY2027. So the foundation was 6% growth that we delivered in 
FY2026. That is a base foundation and our effort is to improve further on. 
So that is the direction we are going and yes, and in the short term, I see 
good traction on all the segments that I called out, especially some of our 
large segments which we are very encouraged with. So that same 
momentum should continue in Q2 as we go along, into the second half, 
but, if I had to put, one line summary, I will definitely say the expectation 
is that it will be better than FY2026. 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 48 
Girish Pai: 
Venu, we have had some deployment companies being created in the 
June quarter by both the AI labs and also the hyperscalers and some 
serious amount of investment has gone into them? Are you coming across 
these players in the market or you also have relationships with them? 
How is this kind of working out? I mean, there are potential competitors, 
there are also partners to you, is there kind of split of business? How do 
they go to market here? 
Venu Lambu: 
Sure, great question and I would say Girish we would call that as a new 
ecosystem, right and we are accelerating the partnership with the new 
ecosystem. Our investment in Voicing was the foundation to start building 
that ecosystem. Today we announced the investment in Uniphore, which 
is a business AI company, which essentially has a platform on which you 
can build SLMs. So we made a strategic investment in their fundraising 
round. So that is the second part of the building block of the ecosystem 
and the most important one and the largest ecosystem building blocks are 
the relationship we have with hyperscalers. With all of the hyperscalers, 
we have a relationship which goes more than a decade. We successfully 
partnered with them during their digital journey, during their cloud 
journey, and the same partnership is strengthening in the AI era as well 
with those hyperscalers. We are one of the largest users of copilot as an 
example right, both for our internal use and the kind of work we do for 
our customers. Same thing that we work with Google Gemini as an 
example. We work with AWS on a similar set of products and services that 
they have. So we strengthen with all these hyperscalers on that 
partnership and the third element is the AI labs. With AI labs, we have 
proactively initiated, skilling our people. We setup a Center of Excellence, 
which is related to all of the AI labs that are there, essentially the two of 
them and, I should be able to share more update in the coming week on 
that, so we are in the final stages of announcing some strategic 
partnership with one of the AI labs soon. 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 48 
Girish Pai: 
Okay, my last question is regarding the split between iRun, ITransform 
and Business AI revenues. What was the number for 1Q FY2027? 
Venu Lambu: 
I am not sure whether we shared it in the fact sheet, Vipul. I am not privy 
to that. Do you want to share that? 
Vipul Chandra: 
We have only called out the Business AI, Creative AI, and Industrial AI 
combined revenue in our opening remarks, which is a quarterly run rate 
of about 150 million+. Enterprise AI, we have iRun and iTransform, we 
have not specifically called out because it is basically becoming a bit all-
pervasive. So it is very difficult to kind of, segregate that out from the 
normal revenue. iRun and iTransform are more the way we are delivering 
our services to our customers. So in a way, they are like, AI is everywhere 
in the delivery of services today, in some shape or form. 
Venu Lambu: 
Yes, I mean, that is the core services reimagined with AI and all the 
remaining three types of AI work which we started to quantify and that is 
what I included in my initial briefing about USD 150 million run rate for 
this quarter. 
Girish Pai: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Girish. We are taking our next question from Sumeet Jain of 
CLSA.  
Sumeet Jain: 
Hi, Venu. Hi, Vipul. I wanted to just check, first of all, the news around the 
FDE army of engineers being deployed by the hyperscalers. Microsoft 
announced around 6,000 such FDEs and invested USD 2 billion to USD 3 
billion in that entity, so how does that compete with your work around 
what you do for Microsoft and of course the AI deployment? Do you see it 
as a competition or do you see it as a symbiotic relationship where your 
work will actually go up in terms of AI deployment? 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 48 
Venu Lambu: 
Great question, Sumit. I am glad that you asked that question. Firstly, let 
us look at the opportunity that AI has in reimagining the business process. 
There are so many data points that have been quoted, which runs into, 
sort of a trillion dollar new addressable market spend that is available, for 
the industry to capture. Now, we have moved from the phase of what I 
call as an AI creation phase to AI deployment phase. Most of this year, the 
buzz was around AI creation, what does AI do and what kind of models 
are there, what are the features of the model and so on. I think now the 
conversations have moved from appreciating the AI creation, which has 
absolutely touched all kinds of innovation levels. Now is the real, when 
the rubber hits the road, is the AI deployment conversation. So now, as 
those conversations get real, there is a strong demand for FDE engineers 
in the ecosystem and if you count the number of FDE engineers that are 
available globally, trust me, they are like in few thousands. So they are not 
like in hundreds of thousands or 200,000 of like software engineers. No, 
they are very, very small number at the moment in the market. So the 
market needs a large population of FDE engineers, to accelerate the 
adoption. So that is the, first hypothesis. Now, the second is, the 
hyperscalers who are investing and building the FDE capability, we have 
been through a similar kind of journey in the cloud where there was a 
cloud professional services that most of the hyperscalers built and they 
still have it and we ended up working with them. We ended up working 
with them on two fronts. Either they became our customer. We delivered 
services through them to their customers, or we actually partnered with 
them in some of the large deals. So I am really excited about these 
announcements that have been done by hyperscalers and one of the 
hyperscalers, that we have a very strong relationship. We are already in 
the thick of the journey in sort of helping them to deploy some of the new 
AI workloads as I call it, especially on the new products. So I see this more 
as an opportunity for us than as a threat, especially in the context that at 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 48 
the moment there are very, very handful number of FDE engineers 
available in the global ecosystem and the world needs more of that. 
Sumeet Jain: 
No, right, that is very helpful Venu and just another question, more of a, 
your long-term journey, that five-year target you have given to double 
your revenues and of course, right now we are struggling in maybe, 6% to 
8% kind of a range, so what kind of, areas are you looking to actually 
boost your growth to double digits? Otherwise, I think that five-year 
target will just be aspirational? 
Venu Lambu: 
I agree with you. I think we shared the strategy and we intentionally have 
kept a very bold and ambitious goal because we believe there is 
opportunity that lies in the marketplace and we are going through an 
initial phase of transition in the market towards that. If I just do a quick 
recap of that strategy right, there are so many elements, but in the 
context of this question, I will cover only two or three things. First is, we 
said, let us also think about growing in the European region faster than 
North America. North America is important for us. It is the biggest market 
for us. We continue to grow, but we have a lot of white space that is 
available in the European region and the structured deal that we did will 
lead us to, accelerate our European journey from Q3 and beyond. Second 
is that there are white spaces in the Asia Pacific market. Even if I look at it 
from a market segment point of view, even Asia Pacific is going to be a big 
white space for us and with this acquisition we get inroads into some of 
the marquee clients in that region. So there are still white spaces that 
exist, and we will make sure that we succeed in those white spaces and 
our move of acquiring the deal that we announced was in line with that 
strategy. That is one part of it. The second part of it is that the newer 
capabilities we are building in. The three types of AI work that I spoke 
about, is that USD 150 million quarterly run rate, but if I look at the 
opportunity that lies ahead of us, it is huge. So if we can grow more on 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 27 of 48 
those three types of AI work, and on the first type of AI work, which is 
enterprise AI, use that to get more large deals, but deliver faster growth 
on these three types of AI work is again another growth impetus that will 
add to the aspiration and the third one I would believe is that we are 
navigating all this with a limited appetite on the discretionary spend of 
the clients right. So it is not that the discretionary spend is at its glory 
right. So we are still navigating whether it is a geopolitical situation or the 
inflation, economic scenarios that keep changing from quarter to quarter 
and, I am hoping that, that will not remain in the next five years. While 
the change is the new normal, but there are a lot of backlog of projects 
where clients are waiting to get the situation better so that they can 
spend a lot more. So, there are three or four more such factors like that, 
which will add as the growth impetus, towards our five-year ambition 
and, the acquisition that we made was the first step towards that, apart 
from all the things that we do organically. 
Sumeet Jain: 
Got it and maybe one last question, if I can squeeze in. I mean, the AI 
deflation, which is hurting the industry and of course, you guys have seen 
it in your top accounts in high tech and in financial services, but can you 
just flag, How much portfolio of your overall company has actually seen 
through that deflation and how much is yet to see or is it that only with 
the top customers you saw that, but in the rest of the client engagement, 
you are not going to see much of that AI deflation, which will pull back 
your revenue growth ambition? 
Venu Lambu: 
Look, I think that chapter, as I called out, is behind us, because I have 
been consistent in my earnings that, the productivity headwinds in top 
accounts, in top segments is what is material. What happens in the 
smaller accounts and smaller engagements is really not material because 
you anyway have so much work to do in those accounts. It does not 
impact the growth parameters as such. On the transaction level, it may 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 28 of 48 
give you a deflation impression, but there is so much work to do, so when 
you add up both, it becomes net positive. The concern for us was in the 
big accounts in the big segment. When I say concern , we were navigating 
the journey, but that is behind us. So I do not see that playing out for us in 
this year. In fact, this year, our focus is a lot on sort of grabbing all the 
early opportunities that are visible in the AI era. I mean the speed is still 
not at the acceleration phase on the AI adoption. The AI adoption with 
clients is still lagging the narrative, but as and when they start 
accelerating that adoption, with all the capabilities, we will be geared for 
it. Vipul, if you want to add something more to this, please feel free to 
add. 
Vipul Chandra: 
Yes, I just wanted to add one point only that in the last earnings call also, 
we had called out that we had started on this journey the earliest and, we 
are out of that phase now as Venu has said. So I think that should give the 
comfort to you in terms of how much of revenue has gone through 
because most of our top clients have actually gone through the phase. 
Sumeet Jain: 
Got it. That is very comforting. All the best. I will get back in the queue. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question as a follow up from Sandeep Shah of 
Equirus Securities.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Thanks for the follow-up. Vipul just wanted to understand how do you see 
margin in the next three quarters because we are expecting some 
acceleration in the growth on a Q-o-Q even organically and is there any 
investment banking / legal related cost for the Randstad Partnership and 
the M&A which we announced in this quarter? 
Vipul Chandra: 
In terms of the margin progression, I would say that our organic margin is 
going to continue to grow and expand because of the initiatives that we 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 29 of 48 
have been taking since last year and we are continuing with them in this 
year as well. I think the growth pickup will only contribute further to that. 
We also, highlighted the deals that we have announced is a 360-degree 
relationship that we are starting with Randstad, which has got three 
components and, one of the components was the IT business that we are 
going to do for them. The second component was where we are 
outsourcing our talent sourcing to them and the third component was the 
takeover of their technology and digital business in Europe and Australia. 
And there is no investment banking cost also in that transaction because 
it was a direct transaction. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And this large deal which we announced from Randstad on the IT services 
side will also come in the second half along with the M&A closure or it can 
start from Q2 itself? 
Vipul Chandra: 
It has already started. We are starting the ramp up on that already. So Q2 
onwards we should be ramping up with that. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yeah, and just last question with Randstad likely to come in the second 
half, do you believe second half margin may have some headwinds and 
could be lower than the first half margin? 
Vipul Chandra: 
 So I think we had called out when we had announced the deal also we do 
not expect any major impact on the margins and we should be able to 
deliver similar margins as last year or better. I think we are on track for 
that and as I said our organic margin will continue to expand and upon 
consolidation we should be able to deal with the initial impact if any and 
once after that, the synergy should start kicking in the quarter and 
through next year. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay, thanks for the clarification. Thanks. 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 30 of 48 
Moderator: 
We have a follow-up coming in from Girish Pai of BOB Capital.  
Girish Pai: 
I had two questions on margins. There was an improvement in BFSI 
margins, segment margins, Q-o-Q, any specific reason and the second 
question is regarding the margin walk? I do not know whether you 
discussed this before, but can you tell us what the margin walk was 
between Q4 and 1Q? 
Vipul Chandra: 
 So on the BFSI side, the margin improvement is primarily on account of 
the revenue growth coming back in and the utilizations, etc., improving 
and we should continue to see that happening as we go forward as the 
financial services continues to start showing growth further. As far as the 
second question is concerned can you just repeat the second question 
once please? I kind of lost track of that. 
Girish Pai: 
The margin walk quarter-on-quarter? 
Vipul Chandra: 
So the margin walk in terms of the 40 basis points improvement 
sequentially as I called out is attributable to the operational efficiencies 
driven by our New Horizons program as well as some amount of Forex 
impact and which was offset partly by the wage hike. 
Girish Pai: 
Can you put some numbers to that please? 
Vipul Chandra Singh: The wage hike impact we had already called out last quarter. It was 
expected to be around 1% or so, but largely the forex impact and the 
wage hike impact have kind of cancelled out each other, so you can say 
that the net improvement is basically on account of the operational 
efficiencies coming from the New Horizons. 
Girish Pai: 
Thank you. 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 31 of 48 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much Girish. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last 
question for today. On behalf of LTM Limited that concludes today's 
conference call. Thank you all for joining us and you may now click on the 
leave icon to exit the meeting. Thank you all for your participation. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Safe Harbour 
Certain statements in this release concerning the future prospects are forward-looking 
statements. These statements, by their nature, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause 
the actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. The Company 
assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements that may be made 
from time to time by or on behalf of the Company. 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes)  
Contact Information  
Investor Relations:  
Vikas Jadhav, Head - Investor Relations  
Email: Vikas.Jadhav2@ltm.com  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 32 of 48 
 
Post the conclusion of the first call, there was another call which was scheduled. Below is the 
transcript for the same. 
 
Hasmukh Vakharia: 
 
On the productivity gains in top account so let us say in one of the high-
tech account we had passed on productivity gains last year and post that 
we have seen model improvement or model efficiency to be pretty strong 
in February-March period right so what is the thought process behind 
whether clients can come back again in terms of asking the productivity 
because models have become so efficient in the last three, four months, 
so how is the confidence with respect to that, that client may not come 
back for asking productivity again? 
Venu Lambu: 
We have to look this in a phased approach. Firstly, the AI journey has 
moved beyond a model intelligence ability narrative, which is what 
dominated in the first half of this year if you actually look at it, which is all 
about AI creation phase including later part of last year. I think the 
conversation now has moved towards AI adoption, so when we talk about 
AI adoption the conversation topics are different, there are topics about 
the ROI on AI, the cost on AI, how do we make sure that we deliver more 
work using AI for our clients. So given that as a context, all the new work 
that we are going to do with our customers are going to be built on the 
new AI approach, whether it is in our solutioning, in our delivery, and in 
our pricing construct and this conversation would have made sense last 
year when AI infusion came into our traditional businesses, but as I said, 
that is behind us. All the new deals that we are talking about, even if the 
large deal that we announced this quarter it is there in my earnings script, 
one of the large deals that we announced this quarter it is the same deal 
that I shared in the investor meet when some of us met there. That deal is 
based on the new price point. It already factors in the AI productivity 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 33 of 48 
baked in and all that new model and the new pricing. So, we are already 
into the new phase in those new deals. 
Hasmukh Vakharia: I understood. Just second, a quick question with respect to let us say deal 
wins, right, so our deal wins are stable at USD 1.6, USD 1.7 billion in the 
last five, six quarters how do you think about this, let us say, getting to 
USD 2 billion plus so that our overall growth can go towards, let us say, 
double digit or low double digit sort of a number? 
Venu Lambu: 
Yes, absolutely. Our endeavor is to absolutely do more and more on the 
order book, but there are three contextual points that I will tell you when 
you look at the order book. When we talk about the order book of USD 
1.7 billion of FY2027 in Q1 and when you look at the same number of last 
year you should assume that there is a natural deflation adjustment that 
has happened, so it is not fair to say USD 1.7 billion is the same as USD 1.7 
billion of last year, so that means we are delivering more work for the 
same amount of order book, so given that context, it is actually very 
positive. That means we never let the order book to go down, so, we are 
keeping the order book steady in spite of, the new price points or new 
productivity aspects that we bake in all the new deals. Second is, all the 
geopolitical and the macroeconomic headwinds that were there, we have 
never allowed it to drop so that is a second context that I would like to call 
out and our large deal pipeline continues to be strong. I would prefer that 
we be consistent, of course we will definitely look for areas to improve I 
would prefer to have consistent rather than having one off spikes in one 
quarter and finally, I would say is that, the discretionary spend is not back 
to its full glory, the expectation is that it will get better in the second half 
of the year from a client spending pattern perspective. So, within the 
limited addressable spend that is available, within the budget that clients 
are prioritizing, our approach is to win most of that and that is why our 
deal momentum is steady and that is actually seen as a positive. 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 34 of 48 
Hasmukh Vakharia: Got it. Thanks a lot. Thank you. 
Venu Lambu: 
Thanks. 
Vikas Jadhav: 
Prateek, you can go ahead with your question. Prateek from HSBC. 
Prateek: 
Hi Venu. Hi management. Thank you for the opportunity. So first, in the 
earlier question you said probably Q2 will be better than Q1. I just wanted 
to also check with you guys on the guidance, you guys said FY2027 growth 
will be better than FY2026, which implies in a way you guys will have to 
do a plus 2% CQGR From here or better, right? So just wanted to 
understand if you guys would be holding on to that and what would be 
the vertical wise divergence and the core verticals have done really well 
but what is the outlook that you guys could provide for the next few 
quarters? 
Venu Lambu: 
Yes, sure. Prateek, firstly, if you look in Q1 there were two, three things 
that I called out in my briefing. The first one was that there is a seasonal 
runoff of the reselling part that is more of a falloff on a seasonal pass 
through in our production segment that usually appears in Q4, which 
actually in Q1 at the beginning of the year, it sort of does not exist, but I 
think there was also an impact of the India delayed ramp up of our large 
deal project with the Indian government so that got delayed because of 
the memory shipment issues, and the hardware delivery shipment issues 
and of course, some billing numbers missing in the Middle East because of 
the war situation. So those scenarios, if you take that out, if you keep that 
as one context, you look at our growth in some of the large segments. Our 
financial services has returned to a sequential growth - we grew by 3.2%, 
Tech by 3.4%, in fact, Tech has now reached a double-digit year-on-year 
growth and even if you look at Consumer, on a year-on-year is about 18.2 
% growth. So that gives me a good confidence as we go into Q2 that we 
will continue to strengthen further on that, and the large deal that I 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 35 of 48 
announced will kick off in Q3. We had just started the transition, it will 
pretty much occupy most of the Q2 to complete the transition and I 
expect the large deal ramp up to happen from Q3 onwards as well. So 
there are quite a few things that are ahead of us which we can leverage to 
keep the growth better than FY2026. 
Prateek: 
Thanks Venu. Also on the earlier question you were mentioning that what 
would it take to get your Deal to 2 billion right and you mentioned that 
probably it is AI deflation, which people should also understand right, so is 
it right to assume probably that 15%-20% is the AI deflation that would be 
right now kind of built-in as a negative factor and that is where the deals 
are? 
Venu Lambu: 
Yes, it is fair, but do not look this purely as a deflation Prateek because 
the same requirement or the same deal, I would have priced probably, let 
us say, 15% higher a year back, but the same scope of work I am picking 
up at, let us say, 15% less. That is what I said. You will have to normalize 
the order booking numbers of FY2027 a bit differently when you compare 
it with FY2026. The deflation comes in if you are renewing at a lesser price 
than what you had in the previous year or deflation comes in when you 
have the current revenue going on for the in-year, which goes through in 
the deflation phases, but when I look at the order book it is 
predominantly the normalization factor that I called was purely because 
for certain category of services, the price at which we get paid not the 
unit level, but at the order book level, is definitely lesser than what it was 
in FY2026, but in spite of that, we keep the order book steady. That is how 
I summed it up. 
Prateek: 
Thank you. Last question for me is for Vipul. So, just wanted to 
understand, this time, the improved margin was probably better than 
expected and we see that utilization has improved, but we also see that 
the subcon has increased a lot over the last year. So just wanted to 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 36 of 48 
understand why the subcons were driving that and another push and pull 
on the margins on currency if you could mention? 
Vipul Chandra: 
Sure, Prateek. So in terms of the subcon spend going up, it is a function of, 
the nature of deals that we have won in the last couple of quarters. Any 
vendor consolidation deals that you win will typically see a bit of an uptick 
in the subcon in the initial ramp up, which will normalize over a period of 
time. So, I think we should not read too much into the subcon going up 
right now. As far as the overall margin improvement is concerned, I think 
in this quarter we have seen the impact of the operational efficiencies 
that we have been driving since last year. So, if you look at year-on-year 
the improvement is 120 basis points, which was contributed by the 
initiatives taken under Fit4Future and which have continued under the 
New Horizons program in this year. If you look at the overall breakup of 
that, then there are three factors which were contributing to the EBIT. 
One is the operational efficiency, which I called out, the second is the 
forex impact and the third was the wage hike that we did in this quarter. 
So, in a way, the forex impact and the wage hike have kind of cancelled 
each other out and the quarter-on-quarter improvement you can basically 
attribute to the operational efficiencies that we have been able to drive 
and that, as I mentioned earlier also is a continuing exercise. So that is 
what gives us the confidence that we should be able to continue this 
momentum going forward. 
Prateek: 
Right and Vipul, would you think that since we have been doing vendor 
consolidations for some time I know the flavor is still vendor 
consolidations in the market, but do you think the subcon will stabilize 
here or maybe it is a lever to improve for you at all? 
Venu Lambu: 
I think there are two types of vendor consolidation deals, one is you do 
not take the vendor’s talent or resources, but you essentially transition 
directly to our teams that is one category of vendor consolidation. The 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 37 of 48 
second category is where it has created a spike in subcons is that the 
transition approach in second category of vendor consolidation deal is 
that clients expect us to continue with the same resources and over a 
period of time transition into our delivery model and hence we will end 
up taking them as subcons, those resources because there is a native 
knowledge about the clients, there is a very critical contextual knowledge 
that these resources will have with regard to the technology and all. So, 
they want a slightly longer transition. Hence, they say, okay, you take the 
resources, as subcon, you learn from them and then you transition to a 
delivery model. So that is how this vendor consolidation spike that you 
see. So, I do not expect that all our vendor consolidation deals will be of 
that category. There will be a few here and there, but not all. The 
preference is the first category. 
Prateek: 
Thanks Venu, thanks Vipul those are my questions. 
Vikas Jadhav: 
We move on to the next question Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama.  
Vibhor Singhal: 
Thanks everyone. Thanks Venu, and Vipul, special thanks for arranging 
this call again. I know these kind of tech issues keep happening despite 
our best efforts. So, two questions from my side one is for Venu, very 
specifically on the two clients. One is the top client in the BFSI sector and 
the top client in the high-tech sector, both these verticals saw very good 
growth in this quarter, and we also saw good growth in top five bucket as 
well. So do we believe that both these two accounts, all the headwinds, 
productivity benefits, and bottoming out, all that is over and hereafter we 
can expect these clients to contribute to the growth? 
Venu Lambu: 
The simple answer is yes Vibhor. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
I think just needed that simple answer itself. My second question is 
maybe to you and partly to Vipul as well. Basically, I am looking at the 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 38 of 48 
integration of the Randstad business, which you mentioned that will 
probably start integrating somewhere from the beginning of Q3, so just 
wanted a bit more clarity on it since it was announced and since we had 
that discussion in the analyst meet as well. So, we had already talked 
about the tail rationalization that might happen in this account. So just 
wanted to get some clarity on this. If we were to build in the integration 
of that business into our numbers, is that rationalization complete? What 
is the final number that we should go on both the revenue and the 
margins front, on the margins front specifically do we expect the margin 
trajectory without that business, which we were assuming to continue 
with the inclusion of this business as well? 
Venu Lambu: 
Look, at the moment we are going through the consultation process and 
the regulatory approval process, which is going as per the plan and as 
scheduled, so that is good news and it is a positive news and we are still 
sticking to the timeline that we will have a closure by the end of Q2 or 
probably the Q3 beginning. The first few weeks of the Q3 is our plan. 
Now, I think with regard to how much of the transformation activities we 
can initiate during this period is a bit constrained because of subject to 
this approval and everything. The amount of intervention we can do at 
this stage is very limited. Hence, I would not assume that from day one of 
the closure you will have different financial numbers than what we 
already shared. I would sort of propose that, assume what we had shared 
before as a safe option at this time.  
Vipul Chandra: 
Yes, Vibhor, to answer your question on the margin impact, I think at the 
time when we announced the deal we did call out that we do not expect a 
significant margin impact on account of this deal. Two reasons for that 
one is that it is not a simple acquisition deal only there are two other 
components to the deal which are expected to contribute savings and 
incremental profits. If you take that into account plus the fact that we are 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 39 of 48 
already well on our way in terms of the organic expansion of the margins, 
which is going to continue. The immediate impact on account of the 
consolidation of that business, as Venu rightly said that, one or two 
quarters impact is possibly going to be there, but we are already creating 
a buffer for that so that our margin for the year does not show degrowth 
versus last year or should hopefully expand further from that, but on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis, if you ask me, yes, the maths is going to play 
out, but we are creating the buffer for that already. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it, got it. So ex of the Randstad business, we were assuming some 
expansion in our margins in FY2027 versus FY2026 should we continue to 
assume that, including the business as well? 
Vipul Chandra: 
So that is what I said Vibhor that the trajectory of the margin expansion 
on an organic basis versus, the impact of, let us say, the amortization, etc., 
which will come in there is going to be a mathematical impact, which is 
going to come in, but that is why what we are doing right now is to build 
up buffers and the contribution from the other two legs of the deal will 
largely ensure that we do not drop our margin per se versus last year. 
How much exactly it will play out, that I think we will be in a better 
position to assess that once we start talking to them a bit more closely in 
terms of the synergy plans and everything, but we still continue to believe 
that the business will add further synergy benefits to both entities and 
that synergy benefit may take a quarter or two to play out, but overall 
year margin should not get impacted from the time when we announce a 
deal. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it.. Great. Those were all the questions from my side. Thank you so 
much guys for arranging this call and taking my questions. I wish you all 
the best. 
Vikas Jadhav: 
Thanks. The next question is from Sushovan Nayak from Anand Rathi. 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 40 of 48 
Sushovan Nayak: 
Just two questions. One is on the Voicing.AI platform I think you have 
recorded a fair value gain here could you possibly talk a little more about 
the mechanics of this like are you planning to increase the stake and what 
exactly is the role of Voicing.AI in your overall ecosystem, is it replacing 
the agentic BPO bit that was one and the second is on the Uniphore, 
strategic partnership - is that also including an investment if there is on 
these two aspects, if you could just throw some light, that would be 
helpful? Thank you. 
Vipul Chandra: 
Sushovan, I think in terms of the gain that we have reflected in our books 
in this quarter, that is a one-time gain which has happened because of the 
conversion of our investment instruments into preferred stock and equity, 
which happened in this quarter and at the same time because the 
conversion has happened at a fair value, which has been obtained, the 
first-time recognition of the equity instruments has to be taken through 
the P&L as per accounting standards, which is what we have done. Going 
forward, as per the standards, the fair value changes will be taken 
through the OCI, so that is why we have called it out as a one-time impact 
in the other income.  
Venu Lambu: 
Uniphore is a great Company, which is focused on enabling customers to 
create the SLMs, the small language models. We believe that for all use 
cases LLM is not the only way we have to work with customers using 
customer data to create SLMs for that. We started with a partnership with 
Uniphore in creating SLMs, which I spoke about in last earnings as well 
and the voicing is also one SLM, but on Uniphore we have developed 
quite a few SLMs. There are one or two already in the development 
process. When we had an opportunity to participate in their investment 
round because they are raising a new investment round to further 
accelerate their platform development and other things, we have thought 
it is a very strategic opportunity for us to be a partner also with the 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 41 of 48 
investment into the Company so that is what we have gone about it, we 
have signed the investment agreement with them. We expect to 
strengthen the partnership further on that as well. It will be similar to the 
kind of approach we took on Voicing. 
Sushovan Nayak: 
Thank you Vipul, thank you Venu. Just one bit on the Voicing.AI Is that 
something that is replacing agentic BPO, is that like a replacement for the 
BPO business, if you could possibly throw some light on that part of the 
question, other than the SLM bit, if there is anything else? 
Venu Lambu: 
It is actually meant to transform the contact center, customers, but the 
real differentiation is not just replacing the contact center features, it is 
about how you apply the Voicing. We call it as BlueVerse™ Voicing now. 
How do we implement the BlueVerse™ Voicing to specific use cases I 
covered two use cases in the earning briefing script. One is for the 
insurance Company, the other is for the Travel Company. When we 
implement that Voicing, it addresses the business process, either 
reservation systems or if it is an insurance taking care of the retirement 
services or member services kind of work we can deliver it using only 
agentic model built on Voicing SLM so that is the approach. 
Sushovan Nayak: 
You plan to increase the stake in this or you will keep it as it is? 
Venu Lambu: 
We already increased. Vipul, you want to talk about the stake. 
Vipul Chandra: 
Yes, Sushovan, I think in terms of the stake in this, when we had invested, 
there was certain amount of a stake that we were expecting upon 
conversion of our safe investment. However, when we started taking 
them to the market with our customer base, etc., the results that we were 
both seeing were very encouraging and we also got some more 
incremental warrants from the Voicing.AI. As a result of that, the stake 
which we had initially invested for has already gone up. In the next five 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 42 of 48 
years also there could be a further increase in stake as more of the 
warrants get accumulated, but at this stage, we have converted the 
warrants and safe that we already had. 
Sushovan Nayak: 
Thank you so much 
Vikas Jadhav: 
Next question is from Rahul, Dolat Capital.. 
Rahul Jain: 
First of all, thanks Venu, Vipul, Vikas for creating this another opportunity. 
Now coming to my questions. So, firstly if you could talk a little bit more 
about the AI 1,000 initiative that we talked about in terms of the timeline 
on when we are about to scale this and how it is going to change our 
preposition and market positioning? 
Venu Lambu: 
Great question, Rahul. Firstly, I will tell you why it is so important because, 
as I said, we have moved from AI creation phase to AI adoption phase, 
even from an model Company’s perspective and one of the biggest 
momentum that can accelerate adoption or the one which can create 
hurdles in adoption is actually the availability of deployment engineers 
and that is why you see many of them putting money and accelerating all 
that. We have a great advantage because we have a very large pool of 
engineers and we are creating the first thousand cohorts because globally, 
if you look at it, there are not a big number of FDE available today in the 
global ecosystem, they are really in few thousands, but if you look at the 
opportunity of adoption is so huge the global ecosystem needs more FDE 
engineers. Hence, we were the first one to take a call on that to create an 
internal assessment process of selecting the first thousand cohorts and to 
train them. We expect between Q2 and Q3 we will have those trainings, 
the majority part of the skilling done. On top of that, there will be some 
contextual training we need to do along with our customers, which is all 
about domain orientation training that will happen in parallel to do that. 
We are already proud of this 1,000, there are a few of them who are 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 43 of 48 
already working on client projects while getting trained on the 
deployment capabilities. Initial cohort will be for the first two quarters, 
and based on that we will continue to accelerate. The good news about it 
is that, you really do not need 20,000 - 30,000 deployment engineers you 
need a decent number to make a significant impact. 
Rahul Jain: 
Got it. Just one more, on this AI revenue that we shared, I know this is 
combined, but is it safer to assume business AI part of it is something 
where the bigger scope scale and possibility exist or you think all three 
pieces would be equally relevant? 
Venu Lambu: 
No, you are right. I think the Business AI will be the biggest piece followed 
with Industrial AI and then Creative AI at the moment, but there is a 
chance that creative AI can do a lot better than industrial AI purely on 
adoption perspective and the ease of doing AI in those space, but the 
biggest one will be the Business AI. 
Rahul Jain: 
Just last bit on this as you said Creative AI is very easy and practical but it 
is not a great value add in terms of it is just like new way of doing things 
but business AI do you see the real transformation that business might 
require would come from business AI and that is where most of 
companies like us should really focus and scale on? 
Venu Lambu: 
It is actually enterprise AI which is more about doing the same traditional 
things using AI as an institution. That is why we are keeping enterprise AI. 
out of the calculation when we shared USD 150 million per quarter, 
Creative AI is not just about doing the same stuff in a different way, there 
is a lot of new possibilities that have opened up in creative AI, it is 
essentially addressing the CMO budget right, the way I look at it is that 
business AI essentially addresses the CFO and CEO agenda including 
anybody who has a corporate level strategy agenda, the Creative AI 
essentially addresses the CMO agenda and Industrial AI essentially 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 44 of 48 
addresses either the head of manufacturing, head of plant, or a supply 
chain, those leadership agenda. So they are all for a different category of 
budgets, Rahul. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thanks. That was really helpful. That is it from my side. 
Venu Lambu: 
Thank you. 
Vikas Jadhav: 
The next question is from Dipesh Mehta, Emkay Global.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
I just want some detail on the two investments that you said. What 
amount we invested in Uniphore in the equity round, which you indicated 
and second on the Voicing.AI what additional amount we might have 
invested and what would be the current equity holding in that Company? 
Thank you. 
Venu Lambu: 
I do not think we disclose the investment amount not just because we do 
not want to disclose it, it requires the acknowledgement or the 
permission from the other side as well. At the moment, we do not have 
that because these companies are still in a private round. So, there raise 
funds in a closed circles with named funds and so on, so they do not want 
us to talk about it. So unfortunately, I cannot share that a lot more on that 
on terms of investment size. 
Vikas Jadhav: 
The next question is from Rajiv Berlia from JM Financials. 
Rajiv Berlia: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Just two questions from my side. In one of 
the remarks, you said that the depreciation is very likely to come into it I 
just want to understand from FY2027 to be better than 2026, are you 
expecting to pick up into it and secondly on the India deal, which got 
further delayed, when do you expect it to ramp up? 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 45 of 48 
Venu Lambu: 
The discretionary spend is definitely better than last year, as I see it now, 
but the mood of the discretionary spend depends on some of the 
headlines on the geopolitical side, and things like energy prices and all 
that, has those impacts, so, it is very dynamic in nature. So hence, clients 
have adopted what is called as a prioritization ranking of the spend. Some 
of the customers are very clear on what they want to prioritize in all 
circumstances and second priority is the ones where if so and so 
economic situation improves we will spend on that and so on. So they 
have a different prioritization on how they go about it, but the spend 
which has been categorized as prioritized ones are definitely better than 
last year. All categories, all priorities of discretionary spend is not out 
there on the table yet, but the important ones, especially the focused on 
AI, helping clients for their revenue or for their margins or re-engineer 
their supply chain, and so on. So that part of the spend is better than last 
year and they are all diverted towards AI adoption. What was the second 
question, Rajiv, you asked? 
Rajiv Berlia: 
The India deal. When will it ramp up? 
Venu Lambu: 
Yes, it will ramp up in Q2. As I called up in the earlier call as well, that it 
was purely because of the war situation where the memory issues were 
there, the hardware shipment delivery issues were very unpredictable. It 
did not come on time for us. Hence, there was a delay in what we could 
deliver to our clients. We are working very closely with client in India to 
also use their strength and their expertise to accelerate some of those 
shipments, which needs to be prioritized for this program, but in 
summary, I expect that the things that got delayed in Q1 will come out in 
Q2. 
Rajiv Berlia: 
That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Vikas Jadhav: 
It is from Anmol Garg, DAM Capital. 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 46 of 48 
Anmol Garg: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Venu a couple of questions I wanted to ask. 
Firstly, how much work of our business would have seen productivity cuts 
and have we seen deals where incremental productivity-led discounts are 
being asked on the deals which would have already gone at least once 
into the cycle? 
Venu Lambu: 
Yes, all that we did it last year that is what I said. The things that were 
materially impacting for us, we had called out before and we went 
through that phase. We are past that phase now. All the new deals that 
we are pricing anyway as per the new productivity level that a particular 
scope of work can be delivered with using different AI technologies so the 
reference point is a new reference point. There is nothing to compare of 
the existing revenue for that particular scope, so, the new book is new 
book. New book is priced at in terms of the new pricing , but most of the 
existing book of business especially the bigger ones we have passed that 
phase. 
Anmol Garg: 
That is really helpful. So, according to that, whatever the incremental 
book of business that we are getting, that will lead to the incremental 
growth and we might come back to the growth, maybe to the budget kind 
of levels by FY2028? 
Venu Lambu: 
We have a very ambitious plan for our five-year plan, so we want to work 
towards that. Yes, that is where I would leave it. We have publicly stated 
how we want to grow fast over the next five years. So, that is our 
endeavor to get to that stage faster. 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure, that is helpful and just one last thing. So in last couple of quarters 
there have been a strong benefit from INR, now do you think that if in 
next year that is not the case then there might be some employee 
restructuring that might be required to sort of inch up our margins from 
here on? 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 47 of 48 
Venu Lambu: 
Well, all of our margin initiatives, as Vipul called out, is all part of the New 
Horizons programs and I think I called out in the Q4, for us, the New 
Horizons program is about conquering new horizons it is not about 
reducing employees, restructuring or anything we have not done that. 
What we have done is a very smart deployment of the workforce that is 
why our utilization has been fairly mature. Our Fit4Future program 
actually delivered the result, and that is why I said in the first year it was 
all about how can you get Fit for  the Future , and now that once that 
phase got over it is about creating the New Horizons which we can 
conquer. So that is where the team is working on in tightening the 
operations controls, and most importantly, it is AI adoption internally. if 
you see our headcount reduction on the SG&A category is hugely on the 
support functions and that has come in because our AI adoptions across 
our enabling functions has been a great example that we showcase to 
customers. The kind of AI adoption we have done in HR, in finance, in our 
talent supply chain. We still have a lot to do on talent supply chain, but 
some of these functions, we have done a great job including our sales 
excellence, our reimagined marketing function, all that actually helps. 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure, Venu. That is it from my end. Thanks for answering the questions. 
Vikas Jadhav: 
I do not think so we have anybody in the queue. So, thank you so much 
for joining us at a short notice and apologize that you could not join. Also, 
would like to inform that the audio file is already available on our website 
of the previous call you can refer to that. Thank you so much. 
Venu Lambu: 
Thank you. Have a good weekend. 
Vipul Chandra: 
Thank you. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

 
 
LTM Limited 
July 11, 2026 
 
Page 48 of 48 
Safe Harbour 
Certain statements in this release concerning the future prospects are forward-looking 
statements. These statements, by their nature, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause 
the actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. The Company 
assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements that may be made 
from time to time by or on behalf of the Company. 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes)  
Contact Information  
Investor Relations:  
Vikas Jadhav, Head - Investor Relations  
Email: Vikas.Jadhav2@ltm.com  
 
