imfa 
IMFA Building 
Bhubaneswar - 751010 
Odisha, India 
Corporate Identity No. 
L27101ORl961PLC000428 
TEL +91 674 2611000 
+ 91 674 2580100 
FAX +91 6742580020 
+91 674 2580145 
mail@imfa.in 
www.imfa.in 
IN DIAN METALS & FERRO ALLOYS LIMIT ED 
I The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza 
Plot No.C/1, G. Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-400051 
Stock Symbol & Series : IMFA, EQ 
i1.Jt,_August 2026 
The Deputy General Manager 
(Corporate Services) 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P.J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai-400001 
Stock Code : 533047 
------'-----------------
Sub : Earnings Call Transcripts 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the audio 
call recording of the Company's Investor/ Analyst Call held on 4th August, 
2026 on the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of 
the Company for the quarter ended 30th June, 2026 is attached herewith. 
You are requested to take the same on record . 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For INDIAN METALS & FERRO ALLOYS LTD 
(Smr::t.anjan Ray) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: F4001 
Encl : As above. 

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
 
“Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SUBHRAKANT PANDA – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
 
MR. SAUNAK GUPTA –CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
 
MR. BIJAYANANDA MOHAPATRA – WHOLE-TIME  
 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER  
 
 
MR. SURESHBABU CHIGURUPALLI – HEAD, FERRO ALLOYS 
BUSINESS  
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VAIBHAV GUPTA – ADFACTORS PR 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
imfa 
imfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Indian Metals and Ferro 
Alloys Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Adfactors PR. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vaibhav Gupta from Adfactors PR. 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Gupta. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
Thank you, Ranju. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
Indian Metal and Ferro Alloys Limited Earnings Conference Call for the first 
quarter ended 30th June 2026. Today we have with us Mr. Subhrakant Panda, 
Managing Director; Mr. Saunak Gupta, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. 
Bijayananda Mohapatra, Whole-Time Director and Chief Operating Officer; 
Mr. Sureshbabu Chigurupalli, Head of Ferro Alloys Business unit. 
 
We will begin the call with the opening remarks by MD, Mr. Subhrakant 
Panda, who will provide an overview of the company's business performance, 
the operational developments and the outlook of the business. This will be 
followed by the question-and-answer session. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that certain statements made 
or discussed on today's call may be forward-looking in nature and should be 
viewed in the conjunction of the risks and the uncertainties that the company 
faces. A detailed explanation of this risk is included in the earnings 
presentation that has already been shared on the stock exchanges. The company 
does not undertake any obligation to publicly update these forward-looking 
statements. 
 
With that, I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Subhrakant Panda. 
Over to you, sir. 
 
 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Thank you, Vaibhav. At the outset, let me welcome all of you who have taken 
time out from your busy schedules to attend this investor con call to discuss 
IMFA's Q1 FY27 results. As I'm sure you will agree, this is a real breakthrough 
quarter where in terms of both revenues as well as profitability, it's the highest 
ever. 
 
And that's a reflection of not just firm prices but also tonnage from our KNR-
2 acquisition coming into play. I will not get into the details of output and all 
of that because that's shared as part of the presentation, which we have 
uploaded to the stock exchanges. But suffice it to say that as against average 
output of about 65,000 tons in a quarter, in Q1, we have touched 80,000 tons. 
 
As you know that going ahead, we are also looking to commission the KNR-1 
greenfield project, where the first furnace we have already initiated the process 
of heating the refractory lining, so we expect first tapping around the third 
week of this month. What we are looking at from the core business, which is 
ferro alloys, is that there is substantially more tonnage waiting to come online. 
 
That will help us going ahead, deliver record performance. Just to put that in 
perspective that, as I mentioned in Q1 FY27, we are looking at about 80,000 
tons. But when all furnaces are up and running, which we expect by in fourth 
quarter when everything is stabilized that we will be looking at about 120,000 
odd tons. So, there is a full 50% increase in tonnage, which is coming. 
 
One point here I would like to point out that in all our interactions, we had,  we 
generally don't give any guidance with regard to tonnage, but given that there 
is so much happening in terms of greenfield, in terms of the acquisition, etc., 
so we had given some indications. 
 
As far as FY27 is concerned, we had indicated 400,000 tons, but we going to 
tone it down a little bit because while we were able to switch on all furnaces at 
KNR-2 in the month of March and, in fact, got a little bit of production, but 
some of the transformers we have, we feel should not be loaded beyond a 
certain point. So, we are taking it a little safe, if I can put it that way. 
 
 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
 
We have already ordered 2 sets of transformers plus a spare.  Sometimes in Q2 
or Q3, we will be looking to replace the 2 sets of transformers where we have 
a little bit of concern. And secondly, as far as the gas cleaning plant is 
concerned, again, some work needs to be done on that. 
 
And therefore, we are restricting load a little bit to ensure that we comply with 
emission norms.  When all of that is sorted out, I think we will be able to push 
the load higher as we had indicated. But as I said, just to be transparent and 
clear, we're toning down the guidance a little bit for FY27. 
 
 I think there will be a lot of questions. So, let's go into the Q&A mode, and I'll 
do my best along with my team to respond to your queries. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Shall we open the line for questions? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Yes, please. Go ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Joe Shah with Seven Seas. 
Joe Shah: 
A bit busy day because after AGM, we are starting with the con call. Anyways, 
Mr. Panda, I understand we expect to sell ferrochrome to India, and I 
understand that ferrochrome demand in India is a bit weak, mainly because of 
stainless steel flats are imported from China and stainless-steel producers are 
happy converting them into finished products. 
 
So, benefit of ferrochrome, even though is going to China and not to India. So 
right now, in steel product, there should be restrictions on imports of stainless 
steel, especially stainless-steel flats. So, they will have to import stainless steel 
flats to India using Indian ferrochrome. This is one suggestion. I need your 
comments? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
I would not like to comment on that because there are multiple issues in terms 
of demand-supply and other issues. It would not be prudent of me to comment. 
But yes, in general, I have always held a view that whether it comes to stainless 
steel or any other commodity or any other product Indian industry is confident 
and wants a level playing field. So, if there is unfair competition, then that is 
something that should be looked into. But I would just like to limit my 
comments to that much. 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
Joe Shah: 
Now ferrochrome production of Samancor and Glencore from South Africa 
will start and expectation is that they will produce 4.5 million tons of 
ferrochrome per year. So now what will be its impact on short-term 
ferrochrome prices as well as on chrome ore prices? I understand from our 
MD's comment that in the past that in long term, it will balance out because 
Chinese ferrochrome production will shift to South Africa. But what will be 
the impact on short-term impact on ferrochrome prices? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Thank you for your question. So, as we have discussed in the past, my view is 
that the special tariff, which has been announced by Eskom for South African 
producers or other 2 producers, I mean, certainly makes South African 
ferrochrome more competitive. I think the jury is still out as to how competitive 
they become with this power tariff. 
 
But having said that, generally, our expectation is that we would expect to see 
in terms of chrome units, that means if the South African producers consume 
more chrome ore themselves, then it would logically should lead to less chrome 
ore being available for Chinese. 
 
Now again, something which is evident is that if South African production 
increases, and I don't think the number of 4.5 million is right because at the 
moment, only Glencore has switched on, I believe, Line 1, and Suresh might 
have the numbers, but I think it's something like 700,000, 800,000 tons 
expectation, including others. 
 
But whatever the number is that clearly, if ferrochrome production in South 
Africa goes up and China doesn't compensate in terms of lesser output, then 
you will see some sort of glut. And that is going to impact everybody, including 
the South African producers themselves because they have made it repeatedly 
clear that $0.62 is not something which is very, very attractive, but something 
that they need to get to stay in the game. 
 
Having said that, we are confident about our competitiveness and our 
resilience. And we believe that with different sectors also starting to ask for 
special tariffs like manganese, etc., that we may see some short-term turmoil; 
even that I'm not so sure. But clearly, I think it should balance each other out. 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
 
And that is where also the point I made at the beginning that even if we see 
some price correction, please keep in mind that we have another 50% volume 
coming in. So that will certainly provide a boost to our numbers in subsequent 
quarters.  By the grace of God, we are quite confident. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Disha Chamriya with Trinetra Asset 
Managers. 
Disha Chamriya: 
So, my question was that you have already answered it halfway. So given the 
current ferrochrome pricing environment, where does our company believe it 
sits on the global cost curve? Like have there been any recent operational 
initiatives that have strengthened your competitive position related to the South 
African and Kazakh producers? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
 It's very difficult to accurately pinpoint where we stand. But suffice it to say 
that we are fairly competitive and resilient, as I mentioned a little while ago. 
And therefore, what we believe is that we will be able to hold our own whatever 
may be the circumstances.  The situation is not as gloomy as one might think. 
 
As I said, very clearly, we expect that increase in ferrochrome production in 
South Africa should lead to a reduction in chrome ore because if that doesn't 
happen, then this whole exercise of giving a special tariff to encourage restarts 
will not work out well. So that is one. 
 
So, we are fairly competitive on a global scale, if I can put it. I can ask Suresh 
to sort of talk a little bit about some of the initiatives that we have done in terms 
of digital and other Kaizen initiatives, etc., that we are taking. Suresh, in a 
couple of minutes, if you can just give a little update on some of the initiatives 
you have been spearheading to enhance our competitiveness. 
Sureshbabu Chigurupalli: 
Thank you for that.  We have initiated digital projects in one of our 
locations, and we are already deploying in other locations also. This is basically 
to lead the operation at international level and cost optimization model. And 
we are also reshaping the Kaizen's theory, like, at different locations to 
optimize the cost. So, we will be very competent as far as the throughput is 
concerned. 
 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
Disha Chamriya: 
Got it, sir. and also, China is like the key driver for global ferrochrome demand 
and based on your personal interaction during the quarter one, are we seeing 
any improvement in the stainless-steel production, or inventory replacement or 
how does that shape your outlook for the second half of the FY27? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
 I don't think I have the numbers for FY27. But yes, stainless steel production 
has grown. I mean it may not be very aggressive growth, but about 2.5% to 3% 
growth is there globally if you look at it. 
 
And secondly, I think from a point of view of what is supporting prices at the 
moment, it is actually cost pressures because of availability of ore and pricing 
of ore, which is supporting ferrochrome prices. And of course, as you well 
know that because we have a captive chrome ore mines, we are, by and large, 
insulated from that situation. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Parthiv Jhonsa with Anand Rathi. 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers on the record quarter. It was a 
fantastic result, sir. Sir, I just wanted to quickly check on a couple of things. 
I'm sorry, actually, I missed your opening remark. I just wanted to get your 
understanding on this entire South Africa now considering that the volumes 
have actually started picking up from Merafe, though they are down compared 
to last year, but they are still much higher than Q1. So, what is your 
understanding on that? Because eventually, they would be selling it to China 
at the end of the day. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Yes. So, a couple of things on that, Parthiv, As we have discussed on the call, 
I have discussed on the call several times in the past 2 quarters that 
unquestionably with $0.62 tariff being available to Glencore and Samancor 
that they have switched on their more efficient furnaces and that is what you're 
seeing an increase in output. 
 
And as you correctly said, it is more than what it was in Q1 of the calendar 
year, but less than the corresponding quarter. So again, we believe that this 
needs to be looked at in terms of chrome units. That is if ferrochrome increases, 
then logically chrome ore supply should reduce. And that will impact 
ferrochrome production in China. 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
 
Having said that, if that were not to happen for whatever reason, keep in mind 
that South African miners and integrated producers have the possibility of 
selling just the ore. So, it doesn't make sense logically speaking, to convert it 
into ferrochrome and drive down prices and make less money themselves and 
for everybody else. But where is that balancing point or that tipping point? And 
is it possible to fine-tune it to that with that efficiency? It's I think we'll have 
to wait and watch. 
 
But the other point I made in my opening remarks is that as against 65,000 tons 
production on average in Q1 FY27, we have a volume of 80,000 tons. And by 
the end of the financial year, that is, so the fourth quarter, which is January to 
March 2027, we will be looking at a full 50% higher volume at roughly about 
120,000, 125,000 tons per month. 
 
Parthiv, I don't know if you caught my other comment about, we are slightly 
toning down the production guidance at KNR overall because we were 
indicating about 400,000 tons for FY27. But while we have been able to start 
the 4 furnaces at KNR-2, but a couple of furnaces, I think we are not loading 
the transformers fully because these are units which have not operated for a 
long time. And therefore, we have ordered 2 full sets of transformers and a 
spare. 
 
And over the course of Q2 and Q3, we will be replacing the slightly doubtful 
transformers with the new ones and also some work on GCP needs to be done. 
These are the unexpected surprises that one has when it comes to an 
acquisition, especially one which had not been running. But this is par for the 
course. And again, from a results perspective, I mean, even with these volumes, 
we are expecting fairly attractive numbers in Q2 and going ahead. 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
Okay. That's actually quite helpful. So basically, when you say 120 run rate, 
you mean to say volumes for '27 will be about 360, 380 kinds of range. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
380 is what we are expecting for the year. If you remember, we had said 
400,000 tons. That's where we were hoping that we can based on what we had 
seen during all the checkups that we had done while taking over the unit that 
we will be able to load it a little more. Broadly, again, Suresh, I think, can 
confirm, but about 6 to 7 megawatts is lesser loading is happening.  
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
They also didn't have adequate power availability. So that has come through 
another, Suresh, how much? 15 MVA. 
Sureshbabu Chigurupalli: 
15 MVA is, load. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
So, all of that will impact tonnage a little bit. But as I said, prices at the moment 
are more than making up. And even 380 plus will still be a significant boost in 
terms of tonnage. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Manan Vandur with Walfort PMS. 
Manan Vandur: 
Congratulations on the number. Sir, just the question was that earlier 2, 3 
quarters back, once about the EBITDA profit, you had stated that our average 
EBITDA would be around INR20,000. But then you said that because of the 
plants being closer to the different ports, it's going to help us and raise it to 
around INR22,000 something. So just needed an understanding that are we still 
on par with that or is it going to be higher about INR25,000, not just because 
the realizations are better right now, just in general over a long period. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
So, a couple of questions. We actually don't give EBITDA guidance in terms 
of specific numbers, what we expect per ton. But certainly, what I had indicated 
is that both KNR-1 and KNR-2 are more competitive than Therubali in terms 
of cost of production. And therefore, once KNR-1 and KNR-2 all stabilize and 
we get to that 500,000 tons production in a smooth manner, then we will see 
our margins improve by about INR1,500 to INR2,000. 
 That is what I had said. Now at the moment, on a per ton basis, if you look at 
for Q1, obviously, the number is a lot higher because what we are seeing is our 
selling price being just shy of INR120,000, blended selling price. So that is 
significantly higher. 
And secondly, the point I had made is that just being a little conservative in 
making this statement that whatever you see a correction or don't see a 
correction, we have a lot of volume coming online, which will boost the overall 
performance. So that's the specific statement. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Parthiv Jhonsa with Anand Rathi. 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
Yes. Sir, I just wanted to quickly take the previous question forward. 
Considering the EBITDA per ton has actually substantially improved, I agree 
pricing had to play a lot of role in it. But have the benefits of that KNR-1 and 
2 started coming in, the added or enhanced EBITDA per ton? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Not that much. And the reason I would say that is when you are ramping 
upload, that's where for some time, you are consuming power without any 
output and all of that. So, a lot of inefficiencies are there in the initial period. 
So, some benefit is there. It's very difficult to quantify it because, as I said, for 
example, we have the renewable energy contract that we have signed up with 
JSW Energy. 
Now we have had that corridor since June, and we are expecting the power to 
flow in August. So, I mean, it's maybe INR1 crores or so a month, but those 
little inefficiencies are there. But then it's next to impossible to absolutely 
synchronize it, fine-tune it to that extent. 
 That is where I'm saying that we will see the benefit of Kalinganagar in its 
fullest form probably from Q4 of this year, assuming that we are able to 
smoothly operate the 4 furnaces at a higher load at KNR-2 as well as the 2 
furnaces at KNR-1. 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
Got it, sir. And sir, my last question is pertaining to the inventory. Just wanted 
to get inventory and the other expenses. Just wanted to get a sense of what is 
the closing stock on books as on date? And the other expenses were relatively 
lower Q-o-Q. So, what has led to that dip in lower other expenses? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Saunak, would you be able to answer that, please? 
Saunak Gupta: 
Yes, on your second question, I will answer it first relating to other expenses. 
As you know, in quarter 4, we had said that since the forex USD had gone up 
from Q3 to Q4 range from INR89.9 to INR94.65, the exports proceeds are 
hedged. MTM, that is a mark-to-market impact of INR32 crores had reflected  
in our financials as a negative for Q4. But for quarter 1 end, more or less the 
currencies have remained stable. So INR32 crores impact is not there in Q1. In 
fact, we had got some forex gain during this quarter.  That's where the 
maximum amount of benefit had come on the other expenses. 
 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
Besides whatever cost efficiency initiatives we have taken, specifically on the 
predictable maintenance and shutdown, there is also some cost benefit.  These 
2 adds up to the lower other expenses. 
 
And on the inventory side, ferrochrome is under control as per whatever is the 
inventory plan. On the chrome ore, we have stacked up to meet whatever is our 
additional capacity requirement for next 1 year. So approximately   chrome ore 
stock of 6 lakh tons is there with us. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
And Parthiv, I'd like to add one more point that in the context of systematically 
increasing our ferrochrome output, we'll also have to build up a little bit of 
ferrochrome stock because that's about 17,000, 18,000 tons, which works well 
when we have only 2 locations. But now that we have a third location and 
higher tonnages. So, this is where over the next 1 or 2 quarters, we will be sort 
of making sure that everything sort of settles down in a manner which is 
efficient.  
 That is why I'm repeatedly saying that Q4 onwards is when we expect to see 
smooth operations with ferrochrome inventory having reached the level that 
we wanted to reach for a given a higher output. So, all those things will settle 
down by fourth quarter. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Harsh Vasa with SBICAP Securities. 
Harsh Vasa: 
Congratulations, sir, and your team on fantastic results. Sir, one of my 
questions already answered, but it was just pertaining to selling price. As you 
all know that the realization per ton was around INR119,000 this quarter. So, 
is this trend continuing for 2Q as well like currently? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
So Harsh, we don't generally give a guidance beyond a quarter or so because 
it's difficult. But having said that, Q2, we are seeing more or less results at the 
same level, a little bit of correction. But again, volumes will make up for a 
minor correction in price that we are seeing. Beyond that, let's see how it plays 
out. 
 
 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Broadly speaking, I'm quite confident that the cost structure is such  and it's 
not a question of Chinese buyers are just sitting, South Africans will come and 
they will, the tonnages will simply shoot up because I think the disruption 
which was there in South Africa means that they are very clear that companies 
like us, which have really worked with them to sort of have a stable 
relationship, we will continue to sort of get, I can't call it preferential treatment, 
but certainly some degree of understanding that  it's a good idea to keep our 
supplies in the mix. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Aashav Patel with Molecule Ventures. 
Aashav Patel: 
Congratulations on a blockbuster set of numbers, sir. This quarterly result 
actually puts us in a different league altogether. This is the first time we are 
seeing the full benefit of the integrated business model, which we boast about. 
So, my question is, sir, regarding the Q2 volume guidance. I agree that we 
cannot envisage a year out. 
But at least for Q2, now that the KNR-2 has been operating at optimum 
utilization, at least the 2 ongoing furnaces, can we expect Q2 to have at least 
upwards of 90,000 metric tons sort of volume? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Look, I don't want to get into the specifics of numbers. In terms of production, 
we will certainly go up further beyond where we are at the moment. But as I 
mentioned, we are also looking to build up a little bit of stock because, I mean, 
if I just give you some a theoretical, 17,000, 18,000 tones ferrochrome stock is 
okay when you're producing 265. When but you're producing 400 or 450, it's 
not adequate. So those little balancing will happen. 
And Aashav, I will reiterate a point which I have always made, which is that I 
advise investors not to look at IMFA from quarter-on-quarter basis or what we 
will achieve this quarter or next quarter. 
But I mean, certainly, we are answerable. We should have a general trajectory, 
upward trajectory. But whether it is 84 or 86 or 82 is not that relevant as how 
quickly are we able to get to 500,000 tons and maintain that. So that's been our 
approach rather than a short-term play of what exactly we will get during this 
quarter. Saunak, I don't know if you have anything to add? 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
Saunak Gupta: 
Yes, what you said is correct. That for the quarter 2, the average price 
realization is expected to be more or less same. On the volume-wise, there will 
be some incremental volume, but since we are building up the ferrochrome 
stock, it is expected to be marginal. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
 Broadly. 
Aashav Patel: 
Sure, sure. So just to zoom it out and see on a yearly stance. So, I understand 
that this time around, what we have delivered is absolutely robust 30% 
operating margin, 35,000 metric ton EBITDA. This is the cyclical pick which 
we used to do. And this we are able to do when the industry cycle is at median 
level. 
This, in fact, reflects our benefit of captive ore. So, can we just at least assume 
that even if there is a bit of reduction in expected volumes by 5%, can we 
expect at least the quarterly EBITDA, which we posted on Q1, can we analyse 
that given the volume uptick which we are seeing ahead of us? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
So, in the interest of transparency, because we had talked about 400,000 tons 
for FY '27 at various forums, I wanted to put that out there.  As I said, we don't 
give a guidance per se, but if you have stated a number, it is better for us to 
clarify why we are not achieving that number. 
But that apart, I think annualizing this EBITDA, again, calls for us to look at 
what the numbers and the margins will be 2 or 3 quarters hence, which I don't 
want to do. I am quietly confident, but what those numbers are, will it be 
slightly up, slightly down, is not something I would like to get into. Because 
again, I would reiterate that I think it's better to look at the general trajectory 
or the general sort of strength of IMFA rather than look at specifics in a quarter. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Divy Agrawal with Ficom Family Office. 
Divy Agrawal: 
I had one question regarding the expansion of FACOR. So, they've announced 
that they'll be increasing their capacity from 145,000 tons to 5 lakh tons by FY 
'28. And at the same time, IMFA has guided to increase the domestic sales to 
40% of the total volumes. 
 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
So, in light of these capacity additions, how do you assess the domestic 
ferrochrome market over the next 2 to 3 years? Do you expect any extra supply 
to create an oversupply situation or expect pressure on domestic pricing and 
margins? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
 I obviously wouldn't want to comment on FACOR's plans and their timelines. 
That is for them to clarify to the markets and to investors. But broadly, what 
we believe is that Indian ferrochrome demand is growing because stainless 
steel is growing. There have been some cutbacks. So, while we have added and 
FACOR is talking about adding, but there have been some cutbacks also. 
I don't see any difficulties in that regard. In any case, like I have always said 
that, I mean, whether we sell domestically or we export, there is not that much 
of a price difference because, I mean, the duty protection is hardly 2%, 3% or 
something of that sort. So, we always retain the ability to sell more outside if 
you want to. But I mean, export is more.  
But our approach has been we are the largest producer. I think it is incumbent 
upon us to ensure that the domestic ferrochrome demand is adequately met. 
And by no means do we feel that we are the only ones to do it. I mean, others 
moving ahead with their plans is more than welcome. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Vinit Thakur with Plus91 AMC. 
Vinit Thakur: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Sir, I joined late, my question is 
repetitive. But could you just explain to me the increment in the margins, what 
has led to it and what would be sustainable margins going forward as well? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Very clearly, prices have moved up substantially. So that is what has added. 
But in terms of the overall number, our volume is also on the way up. So as 
against the standard of about 65,000 tons, we have produced and sold about 
roughly 80,000 tons. It's a combination of volume as well as prices moving up. 
And like I said, we have more volume coming online in the next 1 to 2 quarters. 
we are quite confident about the numbers that we will churn out. 
Vinit Thakur: 
So, post the new plant, I think the Kalinganagar plant, what would be our 
capacity going forward? 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
Subhrakant Panda: 
As I said, our capacity will be about a little more than 0.5 million tons. We are 
expecting in FY '27 about 380,000 tons, which is a slight reduction from what 
we had indicated earlier. And we are still maintaining 475,000 to 500,000 tons 
for FY '28. 
Vinit Thakur: 
Production or capacity, sir? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Production. 
Vinit Thakur: 
Production of 0.5 million ton in '28, you're saying. Could you comment on the 
West Asia crisis and how has that led to IMFA's margin incremental or what 
is the industry scenario going forward now post the West Asia crisis? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Fortunately, for us, no impact of the West Asia crisis because we don't import 
anything from West Asia or sell anything to West Asia. In the initial days, 
certainly, there was a little bit of disruption in terms of container availability 
and all of that, but that has, by and large, settled down. 
But many of the fact that we are 95% exports at this stage and a lot of that is 
going to the Far East, which is not affected by this is obviously beneficial. And 
secondly, when we talk about gas requirement and all of that, that's not relevant 
for any of us. Fortunately, we have not had any noticeable impact. Yes, 
domestic freight and export freight has gone up a little bit, but prices have more 
than made up for that. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Shubham Purohit with SBI Securities. 
Shubham Purohit: 
Congratulations to the entire team for posting such a strong result. So, sir, my 
question is regarding the met coke cost. So recently, we have seen the met coke 
prices have declined or have corrected for quite some amount. And the 
question pertains that the bookings that we have done during the current 
quarter, that is Q2. So, is the effect of those declining prices expected to be 
seen in the upcoming quarters, let's say, Q3 or Q4? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Actually, met coke prices have moved up a little bit.  I don't know about coking 
coal, but as far as metallurgical coke is concerned, it's moved up a little bit on 
account of Colombia, etc., their currency depreciation. But again, these are, I 
mean, prices, by and large, have made up for all of those things. 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
Shubham Purohit: 
Okay. So, a small uptick would be the impact that we would see in the met 
coke prices? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
It may not be in Q2, maybe in Q3. 
Shubham Purohit: 
3 months, let's say. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Yash Lahoti with SOIC Research. Since 
there is no reply from the line of Mr. Lahoti, we will promote the next line. 
That is Mr. Sanket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. 
Sanket Kapoor: 
Sir, as you mentioned correctly that the price trends are more likely to be in the 
same vicinity of closer to INR120,000 or is it difficult to hazard a guess for the 
ensuing quarter? And since sir, you have already always spoken that for you, 
the visibility for a quarter or max 2 is what you can guide us. 
So, taking that into account, what should be then the reasonable EBITDA run 
rate on top of 281 which we did for Q1, what should we model in for the 
coming 2 quarters at least? Or what is the visibility for you in front of you? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
 Again, I don't want to get into too much of guidance. But clearly, as far as 
prices are concerned, in Q2, we are seeing, broadly speaking, similar prices, 
maybe slight correction. But we will also have a slight tonnage extra in Q2 to 
make up for it. And Q3 and Q4 is when we will have much larger tonnage 
coming online. So, while I'm not saying that prices will go down, but I would 
not want to hazard a guess. But on an overall basis, I think we are fairly 
confident of delivering robust numbers. 
Sanket Kapoor: 
We can take this Q1 number of FY '27 as a base for this current financial year. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Well, let me not make a definitive statement because we are seeing prices at 
recent highs, but there is still 50% tonnage waiting to come. So that's where 
even any slight correction will get balanced out is what we believe. But again, 
I would not want to be drawn into giving specific numbers because I think that 
would not be appropriate. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Anant Sarda with Chhattisgarh 
Investment Limited. 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Anant Sarda: 
Congratulations for the brilliant set of results. I just have one question, sir.  We 
had a 50,000 ton furnace in the KNR-2, in which there was some kind of 
environmental clearance pending. Do we have clarity on that, sir? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Not at the moment. We are hoping that somewhere around middle of next year 
is when we can do that. In fact, at the current Board meeting, we have also 
approved a slightly higher budget because, again, when we do a more detailed 
review of what is the situation and what work remains to be done. So, a little 
bit of another INR15 crores, INR20 crores or so is what we have approved in 
this budget. 
 Somewhere around middle of next year or thereabouts. I mean, I don't want to 
give a definitive answer at this point in time because, again, we will need to 
now move ahead on the environment clearance and all of that. But let's see, 
certainly, we are keen on getting that going as quickly as possible. 
Anant Sarda: 
So just to clarify, sir, you're saying that by the middle of next year sometime 
next year, you will have some clarity in further quarters, the furnace will be 
operational, correct, sir? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
No. What I'm saying is in the next 3 or 4 months, we will have clarity whether 
that furnace will be up and running by middle of 2027 or slightly longer or 
something of that sort. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Pranav Jain with Ageless Capital and 
Finance. 
Pranav Jain: 
Congratulations on the good set of results. Very happy to see the company 
outperform. Sir, just going back to Q4, where you had mentioned that there 
might be a onetime increase in cost due to the ramp-up of production and which 
is visible in this quarter. Just want to understand, is this the peak as to what our 
cost escalation might be at least till Q3 since from Q4, once our operations 
stabilize, we can see a potential benefit like you had mentioned? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
So, look, from a cost escalation perspective, there are 2 things. One is the fixed 
cost, which is divided over a larger tonnage. So that will enhance. But 
obviously, the variable cost in terms of met coke and other things have moved 
up or down a little bit. That's hard to say at this point in time. We are not seeing 
significant risks on that front, having said that. 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Pranav Jain: 
And sir, secondly, just my one last question. We've seen ferrochrome prices 
correct a little. And since it is passed on with a lag, while Q2 is stable, as 
mentioned, Q3, Q4 might see a larger dip in realizations since we already have 
a visibility of that? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
No, we don't have visibility or whatever visibility we have. I'm not comfortable 
sharing it. As I said, one has to wait and watch because there are multiple 
factors. There are over availability and pricing is a concern. So, it's not so 
simple for ferrochrome prices to dip also.  
But having said that, we definitely don't give a guidance for Q3 and Q4. So, 
one is to just wait and watch. What I will say, repeat, is that we certainly have 
higher volumes coming on which will see us delivering a robust set of numbers 
going ahead. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Joe Shah, Seven Seas. 
Joe Shah: 
I want to understand the timeline for auctioning of polymetallic mine with the 
composite license. I understand that a deadline is 31st March 2027. Am I right? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
What auction are you talking about? 
Joe Shah: 
Polymetallic mine with the composite license. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
No, I have not kept up with that.  So, I would not like to comment until I look 
into that a little bit. 
Joe Shah: 
Okay. Now coming to Iran talk optimism, we believe that general belief is that 
Iran war has to come to an end in 6 months' time, it will lead to reconstruction 
demand for stainless steel 316L. That will be a huge demand. So, what is your 
take on that? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Certainly, when all these geopolitical conflicts simmer down and settle down, 
whether it is there or whether it is Ukraine, Russia, etc., certainly, there will be 
demand. But I mean, even from an Indian perspective, there is significant 
capex outlay for public infrastructure. And we are now seeing that switch 
where a lot more stainless steel is being used than before. So, I think within 
India also, I believe that there is significant demand, which we and others can 
cater to. 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Deepak Pandey, Sagun Capital. 
Deepak Pandey: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, there was some sort of entry into 
critical minerals. Any comment on that? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
 That is something we have very clearly said that critical minerals are 
something we are interested in because it's certainly adjacent to our skill set. 
We have looked at a couple of blocks but have unfortunately not been 
successful in the bid. So that is something that we will keep on trying to see if 
we can make a breakthrough in that. But yes, critical minerals do remain an 
area of interest for us. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Sanket Kapoor with Kapoor & Co. 
Sanket Kapoor: 
Just in continuation to the same, sir, how have we tied up for the selling of the 
incremental capacity? I think we were more inclined to sell domestically. So 
how are things shaping up? And with respect to the key raw material for the 
coking coal, the met coke part, I missed your comment, how those prices are 
currently trending? These 2 questions. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
 Met coke prices have moved up a little bit, not terribly, but moved up a little 
bit, which is again what happens if ferrochrome prices are high. Secondly, in 
Colombia, etc., there is currency depreciation.  All of that is having a factor. 
But in as much as selling ferrochrome is concerned, as I said, it is something 
that we can very easily adjust from domestic to export and export to domestic. 
Of course, with long-term customers where we have a minimum base tonnage, 
we will not go below that. But broadly, Suresh, I think in Q1, if I recall 
correctly, about 15% to 18% domestic sales. Is that right? 
Sureshbabu Chigurupalli: 
Yes, around 19% we have sold in domestic. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Yes. So that is something that we can cater to, as I said, I mean, not from a 
point of view of price because clearly, there is very little duty protection. And 
therefore, by and large, there is parity between domestic and international 
prices. The only difference is the timing of confirming an order. 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
But I mean, both from a domestic consumer point of view as well as some of 
our export consumers, customers, there is interest in picking up tonnage. So, 
as I said repeatedly, we don't see any concern on that front. 
Sanket Kapoor: 
Sir, Slide Number 10 speaks about our EBITDA cost per metric ton rising from 
closer to 82,000 tons to 86,000. So, as you mentioned that the prices moved up 
and the other RM prices also improved. So, taking into account the current 
setup, what should be the cost per metric ton trajectory shaping up going 
ahead? Or what kind of inflationary trend can we expect on this front? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Broadly, I think the biggest advantage for us is the fact that chrome ore is 
sourced from our captive mines because that is the biggest input to the cost of 
production. So that is by and large under control. And I mean, only if royalty 
prices move up a little bit, that has an impact. 
 
Secondly, as far as met coke and all that is concerned, a little bit up and down 
does happen, as I said, on account of currency depreciation in Colombia on 
account of ferrochrome prices staying high. 
All of that sort of translates through into input costs moving up a little bit. But 
that is the classical time lag as one of the earlier investors asked in the question, 
that classical time lag between stainless steel ferrochrome and chrome ore and 
metallurgical coke, except in our case, chrome ore is not impacted, but other 
things move up and down a little bit. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Harsh Diwakar, an individual investor. 
Harsh Diwakar: 
Congratulations for the best record results regarding the revenue and the profit. 
I had some 1 or 2 questions regarding some coke since we had been impacted 
by the Middle East war due to the U.S.A. and Iran, how does it impact the coke 
consumption and prices.  
Subhrakant Panda: 
As I clarified just a couple of questions ago that no impact as far as the West 
Asia crisis is concerned because we neither import anything nor sell anything 
there. But yes, certainly, freight costs, both domestic and otherwise have gone 
up a little bit, but nothing significant. 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Harsh Diwakar: 
Okay. And one more question. What is the specific like what’s the coke 
consumption per ton of ferrochrome and ore consumption per ton of 
ferrochrome as of now? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
So broadly, that's 0.65 kilograms of coke and broadly 2.5 tons of chrome ore. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of 
question-and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Subhrakant Panda, MD, for closing comments. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
 Thank you very much for taking time out to discuss. And if there are any 
questions that we have not been able to answer or if there were others in the 
queue who would like to reach out, please reach out to Investor Relations, and 
we will certainly make an attempt to revert to you. 
 
And going ahead, we are eagerly waiting for the first furnace at KNR-1 to start 
producing later this month. We will, of course, alert that, give an update about 
that. And secondly, of course, the second furnace we are expecting by end 
September, early October to come online.  We will keep sharing regular 
updates. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Indian Metals and Ferro Alloys Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect 
your lines. 
lfflfa 
