Lenskart Solutions Limited  
(Earlier known as Lenskart Solutions Private Limited)                   
Corporate Office: Ground Floor, Vipul Tech Square,  
Golf Course Road, Sector- 43, Gurugram, Haryana 122009 
 
 
 
Regd. Office: Plot No. 151, Okhla Industrial Estate, Phase III, New Delhi 110020 
Website: www.lenskart.com, Email: compliance.officer@lenskart.com, Phone No: 0124 – 4293191 
CIN — L33100DL2008PLC178355 
 
Date: August 19, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
The Listing Department,  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Symbol: LENSKART                                     
BSE Limited    
Department of Corporate Services,   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,    
Dalal Street, Fort,    
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 544600                                               
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Call with respect to Financial Results for the quarter ended June 
30, 2026 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of the Earnings Call 
conducted on August 12, 2026.  
The 
above 
information 
will 
also 
be 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
viz. 
https://www.lenskart.com/corporate/investorrelations. 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely,  
For Lenskart Solutions Limited 
(Formerly known as Lenskart Solutions Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Ashish Kumar Srivastava 
Company Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: F5325 
 
Place: Gurugram 
 
Ashish Kumar 
Srivastava
Digitally signed by 
Ashish Kumar Srivastava 
Date: 2026.08.19 
20:46:54 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
Lenskart Solutions Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Peyush Bansal – Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Lenskart 
Solutions Limited 
 
Abhishek Gupta – Chief Financial Officer, Lenskart Solutions 
Limited 
 
Nikunj Mall – Head of Investor Relations, Lenskart Solutions 
Limited 
 
 

Lenskart Solutions Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to Lenskart Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call. To present the results, we have with us Mr. Peyush Bansal, Co-founder 
and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Abhishek Gupta, Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Nikunj 
Mall, Head of Investor Relations. 
 
Please note that being hosted on Zoom with a presentation on display. For participants 
who would like to view the presentation alongside the discussion, please join via the Zoom 
link shared in advance. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference, you may use the chat option to interact with the 
moderator. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nikunj Mall, Head of Investor Relations from 
Lenskart. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Nikunj Mall: 
Thank you, Dorwin. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining Lenskart's earnings 
call for the First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2027. Before we begin, I would like to remind you 
that some of the statements we make today may be forward-looking in nature and are 
subject to risks and uncertainties. 
 
The conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which 
are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on the date of this 
call. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. We have uploaded our Q1 shareholders' letter on 
our website and the stock exchanges. 
 
Please note during the call, consistent with our IPO prospectus, the financial numbers we 
are going to be presenting refers to the proforma financial statements for like-to-like 
comparison, unless stated otherwise. 
 
Reported financial statements reflect acquisition of Dealskart, Meller, and GeoIQ from 
their respective transaction closing dates, while proforma statements present these 
financials as if the acquired businesses had always been a part of the company, and hence 
represent a clearer trend analysis. For Q1 FY27, there is no difference between proforma 
and reported financials. 
 
We'll begin today's session with opening remarks from Peyush and Abhishek. During this 
time, everyone will be on mute. Following the presentation, we'll open up for Q&A. 
 
With that, I would like to hand over to Peyush. 
Peyush Bansal: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us again. As always, we are grateful for 
the trust you place in us. This call marks a small milestone. Since we listed in November, 
we have now published four quarterly results. So far, many of you see us as a traditional 

Lenskart Solutions Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
eyewear company, good stores, improving EBITDA. That is a fair view of any new listed 
company. 
 
Today, with four quarters behind us, we would like to share the fuller story because what 
thousands of Lenskartians have spent a decade building is, we believe, one of India's 
global consumer companies in the making and it deserves to be seen as a whole. That is 
what our shareholder's letter this quarter attempts, and it is what I want to spend my time 
on today. 
 
First, the quarter. Revenue grew 34% year-on-year and PAT grew 182% to ₹228 crores. 
One more number for perspective, our PAT for the whole of last year was about ₹530 
crores, and PAT for Q1 FY27 is ₹228 crores. 
 
Now hold the headline numbers together. A third more revenue has doubled our post-rent 
EBITDA and nearly tripled our PAT. The compounding is accelerating.  
Three highlights inside those numbers: India same-store sales grew 18.3%, international 
revenue grew 38%, and consolidated product margin crossed 70% for the first time after 
four quarters at around 69%. 
 
We see our role as creating the market, not competing in it. Every single day now, roughly 
35,000 Indians walk into Lenskart stores and discover for the first time in their lives that 
they cannot see clearly. 63 lakh eye tests in India in this quarter. 
 
This number has grown every year, quarter by quarter. Over 1 crore first-time eye tests in 
FY26. That is not just shifting from one retailer to another. That is a market being born 
daily, measurably in our stores. Which brings me to the first thing I want you to take away 
not from this quarter, but from our first year as a public company, that India has not 
bought its glasses yet. We have written a full section on it in this letter. Let me give you 
its essence. 
78 crore Indians need vision correction today, heading towards 94 crores by FY30. This is 
not a market to capture, it is a market to build. A year ago, we made a few bets on this 
market: that every eye test creates a customer and more stores would add demand, not 
divide it, and that Tier 2 plus India was a market waiting to be built. Four quarters on, here 
is what we have learned about its depth. 
We grew in three directions.  
First, we grew deeper. In the last nine months, in our 1,517 existing pin codes, density rose 
from 1.5 to 1.6 stores, that is about 150 net new stores. Yet, SSSG held at about 18% and 
same pin code sales growth at 24%. Demand is being added, not divided. Bangalore 
proves it: 189 stores, 13 net additions in the last nine months, mostly in existing pin codes, 
and still 20% SSSG. 

Lenskart Solutions Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Second, we grew wider. New pin codes in cities we already serve. In Q2 FY26, we shared 
our existing cities still had 2,821 pin codes without a single Lenskart store. We entered 152 
of them. Over 2,650 remain. White space inside cities where our brand, our supply chain, 
our delivery network are already up and running. On average, revenue per store in these 
towns is tracking at ₹18 lakhs per month.  
Take Visakhapatnam, 11 net store additions in nine months, almost half in new pin codes, 
or Kolkata, 10 net store additions, eight of them in new pin codes.  
And third, we grew further into towns Lenskart had never entered. 140 of them this year. 
Hassan in Karnataka, Balasore in Odisha, Tura in Meghalaya, Gandhidham in Gujarat, and 
many more. These stores are also showing strong unit economics. 
In nine months, we added 455 net new stores, the fastest expansion in our history, and it 
consumed about 5% of the 6,400 pin code white space we mapped in our Q2 FY26 letter. 
Over 6,100 pin codes still await their first Lenskart store, and densification allows for at 
least another 3,000 stores. India alone points past 10,000 stores now. The map has barely 
moved, and that is precisely the point. 
This is a market being built in front of us, and the brand we are building can serve it. 
Penetration is half the India opportunity; the other half is value. Not just more Indians 
buying, but each Indian buying better. At one end, premium Owndays lenses are now doing 
over ₹1,500 crores of prescription eyeglasses sales, and Rodenstock and Tokai 
eyeglasses, where progressives are priced high-end at ₹30,000 plus, are doing roughly 
₹250 crores annually. 
There is much to build here: India's next iconic premium lens brands.  
At the same time, on the other end, in the same quarter, we onboarded our largest ever 
number of customers in the real Bharat through Hustlr Club, which gives ₹500 glasses with 
lenses and warranty included. Much as India democratized telecom, we intend to 
democratize vision. 
The ₹500 and ₹30,000 pair from one platform, and our ambition in India is exactly this: to 
serve the whole of it, every income, every age, every town. Two confessions along the 
way: It took us too long to crack the ₹500 pair. The customer was ready, but our costs 
were not. But now we can do it profitably. And we underestimated how fast our own 
customers would premiumize. Gladly we were wrong, and we do not intend to repeat 
either mistake. 
Coming to International. What we built for India is now beginning to create customer value 
globally. This quarter, international grew 38%, with EBITDA pre-Ind AS margin crossing 
10% for the first time. For four quarters, the most common question investors asked us 
was, will international be profitable? I believe the question mark is gone. What remains is 
scale. 

Lenskart Solutions Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Owndays is now one of Asia's most respected eyewear brands, and Meller, which was a 
USD35 million brand when we acquired it, is tracking to be a $70 million plus brand already. 
When customers queue on a Paris street for one of our brands, we take it as a signal on 
how far it can travel. 
Our aspiration, held with humility, is to build the world's most relevant eyewear company 
in times to come. And the frontier ahead is even more powerful. This quarter, our self-eye 
test entered pilot stores, built on one of India's largest recorded eye test data sets. Let 
me show you how we have engineered this. 
Peyush Bansal: 
That indeed was AI doing the eye test. The world trains too few optometrists. India, barely 
a few thousand a year. You cannot train your way to a billion tested eyes. You have to 
engineer your way there. B by Lenskart is also live now. Sign-ups have reached 80,000 
plus. Manufacturing is scaling. A few hundred glasses are shipping daily, and the product 
is getting better every single week with consumer feedback. 
Eyewear sits on the face every 12 hours a day, and that gives us a rare seat at the 
intersection of eye care, AI, personal health, and data. We believe Lenskart can do a lot 
here in the years to come. That is the whole of what we are building and how we invite you 
to see Lenskart. 
Let me hand over to Abhishek for the segment results. 
Abhishek Gupta: 
Thank you, Peyush. Good evening, everyone. Let me first start with India. India revenue 
grew 30.7% year-on-year to ₹1,531 crores. And as we keep saying, in our business, growth 
and profitability are positively correlated. EBITDA pre-Ind AS 116 margin reached 15.4%, 
up 2 percentage points from 13.3% last year, which is a year-on-year growth of 51.5% to 
₹236 crores. 
The product margin expanded to 64.2% absorbing the currency headwind, and marketing 
improved from 5.7% to 4.8% of revenue on the basis of brand pull.  
Eye tests grew 42.7% to 63 lakhs with remote optometry now in 786 stores up from 168 
stores at FY25 end, powering volume-led growth with eyewear units up 22.8% to 82 lakhs. 
Same store sales growth was 18.3%, broad-based across tiers, and same pin code sales 
growth of 24% ran well ahead of it, proving that densification continues to lock 
incremental demand. We added 116 net new stores and opened 50 new cities.  
Coming to International. Revenue grew 38% to ₹1,203 crores, and about 29% growth on a 
constant currency basis. 
Growth was broad-based across all our markets and brands. The key number, EBITDA pre-
Ind AS 116 margin reached 10.6%, up from 4.5% last year, with total number clocking to 
₹127 crores, which was triple of what we did last year. This is a result of operating leverage 

Lenskart Solutions Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
and product margin. Product margin expanded to 77.1% on deeper supply chain 
integration of Owndays and Meller. 
The growth of international segment was also volume led, almost entirely same store led. 
Eyewear units grew 37.6% and transacting customers grew 27.8% while we added just 16 
net new stores. Our core prescription business continued to grow strongly in its own right 
with eye tests up 20.5%. Layered on top, sunglasses had a pronounced seasonal peak in 
the current quarter with units up 58.4% as April to June is a key category peak. 
Coming to cash flow. We generated ₹297 crores of operating cash flow, which is an 82% 
EBITDA1 to cash flow conversion. This was sufficient to fund our store capex of ₹75 crores 
and plant capex of ₹132 crores, which were largely pertaining to the Hyderabad facility, 
leaving a positive net cash inflow of ₹116 crores before M&A and equity raise. 
Return on capital employed improved from 23% from 14%2 last year as a result of 
improving profitability and disciplined capital allocation. With that, back to Peyush for 
more comments. 
Peyush Bansal: 
Thank you, Abhishek. We have shown you the size of the map, but let me ask the sharper 
question: what will it actually take to serve it? Think of what serving 6,100 unserved pin 
codes actually demands. Manufacturing at a scale this category has never seen, a design 
engine that moves from sketch to shelf in weeks, distribution into towns no network 
reaches, almost a logistics company in its own right, omnichannel access where the 
journey begins, eye testing that scales beyond optometrists, brands for every cohort and 
every price, data that learns what each eye needs next, global talent to run it all, and the 
capital to fund it. 
Each one of these is needed, but more than the pieces, it takes a certain kind of company, 
engineering led, building from first principles with no playbook to copy. That is the 
company we are building and that is how we invite you to see Lenskart moving forward. 
We set out to sell glasses. What we are building is the infrastructure of vision for the billion 
people no one has ever served. 
Before I close, an invitation. Improving health is very close to our heart. We started a 
campaign, Run for Frame in Thailand this year. You run, you earn your frame, and it 
became a movement. Over 40,000 runners participated in Thailand. We then extended it 
to India, more than 5 lakh people ran for their frames. 
And this Independence Day, we are going a step further. In collaboration with the Lenskart 
Foundation, we are launching Drishti ki Daud, a run for vision, where for once, you do not 
run for yourself, you run for others. Run 20,000 steps and we give a pair of glasses to 
someone in need, and for every additional 10,000 steps you run, we add one more pair. 

Lenskart Solutions Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
The details are on the Lenskart app and on the Foundation website will be there shortly. 
And I invite everyone of you and your families to join us in this endeavor. Wishing everyone 
a very Happy Independence Day. With that, we'll open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first 
question comes from Avi Mehta. 
Avi Mehta: 
Hi team, Hi Peyush. Thanks a lot for this. Peyush, I just had one question. It's very 
interesting to see this break up of sales growth or store growth based on geographies. 
Could you give us a sense on how store growth kind of behaves based on age? Because 
one of the pushbacks, the concerns that emerges as you go on this journey from 2,700 
stores to around 10,000 stores, will your sales on the same store basis kind of come under 
stress? 
 
How do you look at this and could you share your thoughts on this? And second, if I may 
just on very good gross margin performance, we've been able to hold on to it. Just your 
thoughts on, does this mean that the concerns on currency may not be as elevated as we 
would have earlier kind of been worried about? These are the two things. Thank you very 
much. 
Peyush Bansal: 
Thank you, Avi. See, on the stores, the way I look at it is we have been adding density in 
our existing markets. Like I said, we have added about 150 stores in our existing pin codes. 
And we have to understand that the penetration in India is only about 35%. And that is 
going to grow, especially if you look at kids, the myopia rates are growing. 
Also, a segment like progressives, Lenskart wasn't the strongest player in this category. 
We are just beginning to gain market share. Then if we look at price spectrum, we never 
had products which were below ₹1,000 which we have now. We never had products of 
frames above ₹10,000, even with lenses they would get there, but that we have added now. 
So, what we are saying is if you add two parts to it, one is if you look at sheer eye test, I 
think as long as we can continue to grow eye tests, which is really the top of the funnel, 
and we have to understand why Lenskart is pushing so hard on eye tests because the more 
eye tests we do, the more people discover. 
Because I think it's a discovery problem more than it is that a problem is evolved. Already 
our belief is 70% adults have vision issues. So, more eye tests we do, the funnel expands 
and then the conversion happens, and that is what brings in volume. At the same time, 
there are cohorts of customers which we were not relevant for, whether it was sub-1,000 
or it was the premium, which we are becoming relevant for. 
So, I think I would still say there's a lot of opportunity even in the older cohorts. I mean in 
this, 18% same store growth, this would not happen without older cohorts. A large number 
of our stores are still relatively our older stores are still a pretty large base of this. So Yes, 

Lenskart Solutions Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
I think I would say that looking at how this market has grown even in China at about 13% 
CAGR and India is just following that, we would see demand coming in. 
The key here will be supply. I think what we have to continue to do is engineer how can we 
do more eye test per store. How can we reduce the wait time for that? How can we make 
sure that the buying experience, the amount of time people are taking is much lesser? 
How can they find the product that they're looking for much better? 
Can they do some part of it at on their phone versus using assistance? I mean, we are 
launching RFID in all our products now and that will reduce a few minutes of that buying 
experience into the store. So I think that to me will be the biggest work that one needs to 
do to ensure this SSG is coming. Yes. The second question, Abhishek, you want to take it? 
Abhishek Gupta: 
Yes. Avi, let me take the currency question. First, I want to remind everyone that we have 
a significant part of our revenues coming in non-INR currencies. So to some level, our full 
P&L has a natural hedge and we are protected to that extent. However, when you pointed 
specifically at the product margin line, we've been able to offset some of the impact of the 
currency by some structural initiatives that we have taken, whether that is increasing our 
in-house manufacturing of frames, whether it is negotiations with our vendors for 
volume-based discounts or overall product mix. 
Having said that, that's an ongoing journey. As Hyderabad plant comes in and as our 
insourcing improves, we'll further continue to work on this direction. Short term 
headwinds could still be there if the currency worsens further, but our constant endeavor 
is to keep doing backward integration and improving our cost structure to serve our 
consumers better. 
Avi Mehta: 
Perfect. Very clear. And thanks a lot for this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vivek M with Jefferies. Please go 
ahead. 
Vivek M: 
Good evening, Peyush and team. Two questions. First is, Peyush, you have mentioned in 
the past as well as in this letter about supply and not demand being the constraint. And I 
mean your store addition numbers are great, but do you think that from a supply side 
perspective, given you have like, RetailIQ, GeoIQ, the store addition pace can pick up from 
where you are currently? And what will it take to do so? 
Peyush Bansal: 
Yes, thank you, Vivek. I think you guys continue to push us harder. I think, look, the 
opportunity is there. The key to opening more stores is understanding, see serving Tier 2 
is not just about planting a store. It is a muscle that needs to be built. To serve Tier 2, you 
have to figure out logistics. You have to figure out manpower hiring. 
You have to understand how will you train people, how will you train people and then how 
many people are willing to work in these locations. Our biggest unlock came last year with 

Lenskart Solutions Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
remote optometry, and that is what we have been growing with over 700 stores now 
having remote optometry. If remote optometry didn't come through our ability to open 
stores at this pace in Tier 2 would not have happened. 
So I think, yes, I won't say there is not an opportunity. There is clearly an opportunity, and 
we ourselves are saying that it is looking like India can take a lot more stores. But what our 
focus remains is, can we deliver the same customer experience that we deliver in a Tier 1 
in Tier 3? The same SOPs, the same delivery times, and how do we engine -- and that needs 
to be engineered. 
I think the AI eye test that we are doing is going to be a big, big enabler. I know remote eye 
test is awesome, but this takes the reach of an optometrist to a completely, completely 
different level. So I think we are working on a lot of these solutions. Logistics, for example, 
Tier 2 doesn't work on air network which we, which used to work earlier. 
We have now engineered a full air plus train plus bus ecosystem, which is able to deliver 
to this Tier 2, you know? So there's a lot at play in the ecosystem to penetrate India and 
grow faster. But Yes, we'll keep trying. 
Vivek M: 
Got it. And second question is on both the ends of the spectrum, right? On one side you 
mentioned that you underestimated the premiumization bit. Can you just talk about how 
do you define premium products in your case and a bit more explanation on that 
statement? And the second part is how did you crack the ₹500 which is a very, very sharp 
pricing? How did you, what went into getting the cost right? 
Peyush Bansal: 
See, the way we look at premium, I think if you look at the price point in India, of course 
we look at ₹10,000 plus as a number which has grown from 18% to 20% now, when we filed 
the DRHP it was about 18. But overall, I would say, I think when you look at lenses 
particularly as a category, I think above ₹3,500 lenses is where I think you have the global 
brands where they operate. 
And I think there we see a very big opportunity to create the next generation of iconic 
brands. So that is when I look at premium, I'm looking at that as a segment because in the 
other segments Lenskart has already been strong. That segment of and then you have the 
₹30,000 plus segment which is very super high end. 
But in that ₹3,500 to ₹10,000 for a single vision, the category has been largely with global 
brands and I think that's what I'm talking when I come to frames. I think when I talk 
premium, I talk about our frames which are above ₹5,000 in ticket size, which is John 
Jacobs, Meller now, Owndays frames have come into it which are high precision. 
We just launched Under Armour as an exclusive brand, the first one of the few third-party 
brands that we are bringing in. So Yes, that's what how we define premiumization. And I 
think it was heartening to see the adoption. If you look at the absolute amount which I 
spoke about in my remarks, ₹250 crores of ₹30,000 plus price points, of these lenses is a 

Lenskart Solutions Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
is I think a significant while in absolute it may not look very large, but in -- from a relative 
perspective, it's still a very significant number I would say. 
On the ₹500, I think we had to do a lot of engineering. I would say it came at the back of 
manufacturing in India. That was the biggest bottleneck and I think as we scaled that, that 
came it came at the back of optimizing logistics so that we can make the math work. It 
came at the back of omnichannel on how do we do customer acquisition because when 
we look at profitability, we look at net of customer acquisition cost and not just product 
margin. 
So I think these were the three large plays and then building that scale of serving because 
the volumes will be much larger here in times to come. 
Vivek M: 
Got it, Peyush. Thank you and wish you all the best. 
Peyush Bansal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tejas Shah with Avendus Spark 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Tejas Shah: 
Hi Peyush and team. Congrats on a good set of numbers. Peyush, SSG, SPSG, NPS all 
moderated this quarter, though individually they don't look particularly concerning, but 
given the base and the noise around NPS, do you see any common thread here?  
And especially since you particularly look very, very passionately about NPS and you just 
mentioned also that when you scale the service quality has to be maintained, how should 
we think about this number going forward? And has NPS improved in the following months 
also after the quarter ended? 
Peyush Bansal: 
Yes, thanks, great question. See we had some confusion and communication about some 
of our policies on social media. And we have clarified it, and henceforth NPS is bouncing 
back. It's almost where it was originally. So Yes, we stay very committed to NPS. I mean, 
there was a question about Vivek asked about adding more stores. 
One of the things we want to continuously ensure is that our NPS doesn't go down. So be 
rest assured I think we are on top of it. We are only going to enhance our customer 
experience every quarter that goes by and there is a lot of newness that we are doing there 
for our customers in times to come from the overall experience.  
I think SSG is quite healthy. I think if we look at just, I mean firstly the same quarter last 
year was 16% SSG, right now it is 18%. So I actually see an acceleration. Overall, I think 
what we are beginning to see is despite the density increasing from 1.5 to 1.6, SSG 
continues. And if you look at our overall growth in India, with 30% growth, 18% coming 
through SSG, I think that is the number that matters. 

Lenskart Solutions Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
And I think -- and that coming with 25%3 SPSG, if we do the math, what that means is we 
are gaining market share in these markets. So I think 18.3 % is fantastic and year on year 
it is actually accelerated. And I think eye tests accelerating has a large role to play there. 
Tejas Shah: 
 
Perfect. Just a follow up there. So we have kind of shared very bold vision and you also 
mentioned that it's not about competitive pressure anymore but to create the market for 
ourselves. So out of the three inputs, product, real estate and talent, over the medium to 
long term, which of the three worries you most in getting to the vision you have laid out? 
Peyush Bansal: 
 
I think it's a great question. I would say it is talent. Talent and the culture, the speed of 
operation. When organizations become large, we need to ensure we can operate with that 
agility, speed, and what is required, the kind of problems which I spoke about, the 
engineering that needs to be done is of a very different level. So I would say talent and on 
top of that, engineering talent which can leverage data and AI capabilities to solve some 
of the biggest bottlenecks. The more bottlenecks we can solve, like remote optometry 
was a big unlock for us, self-eye test is a big unlock. I think we'll be able to accelerate in 
meeting our goals. 
Tejas Shah: 
 
And if I can squeeze in a last one on International, would it be possible to rank even 
directionally where Japan, Southeast Asia, Middle East and others rank in terms of 
margins versus let's say our 8.6% TTM, which are the geographies which are above and 
which are below? 
Peyush Bansal: 
I would say largely all are strong, most of the geographies are growing in parallel. 
Abhishek, you want to add any other? 
Abhishek Gupta: 
Tejas, on a lighter note, parents don't rank their kids. So, we are very passionate about all 
these markets and they are doing well. And we are, there are markets which are in stages 
of growth more than some of the other markets. So, for example, Thailand is where we are 
adding a lot of stores. Middle East is where we are doubling down. 
And those markets will have an economics which are similar to early stages of India, 
whereas the more mature geographies for example, Singapore or Japan would have 
economics which are better. But its just a factor of the different vintage and maturity 
stages of the market rather than any fundamental market structure as such. 
Peyush Bansal: 
Our unit economics model is very similar, right? We, the playbook is no different than what 
it is in India, we are just replicating exactly the same playbook in international. 
Tejas Shah: 
Very clear. Thanks, and all the best for coming quarters. 
Peyush Bansal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Amit Sachdeva with UBS. Please go 
ahead. 

Lenskart Solutions Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Hi. Good evening. Thank you for taking my questions and congratulations on great set of 
numbers here. So, sir, Peyush, my first question is on progressive opportunity, although 
it may look like smaller one in the last scheme of things at ₹250 crores run rate that you 
mentioned on the progressive lenses. But what sort of opportunity do you see in that 
space? 
And what sort of capability set you still need to build to crack it fully open, and how the 
value proposition would compare with some of the existing incumbents which tend to 
offer some sort of years of technological know-how and the capabilities they have built in 
providing that complete solution? And is it something that you are really focusing on, or is 
it something that is still in work in progress? How one should think about that? 
If I squeeze in second one, very small, is that while premiumization is doing very well, there 
are three things, I think, drive demand: vanity, quality, and price. Quality and price, my 
sense is you're on top of it, but what are you doing about vanity in that space? What sort 
of above-the-line spends are supporting that brand building initiative? Just two small 
questions. 
Peyush Bansal: 
Yes, thanks, thanks, Amit. I think great question. So I would say firstly, the ₹250 crores 
number that you mentioned is not our total progressive number. That was we were just 
indicating that even brands which are super high end, what is the revenue we have started 
doing in those particular brands. 
See, overall, the way we look at the progressive opportunity, the playbook is same as what 
we did in single vision. I think in the end it bottles down to how well you can serve the 
customer from a pure eye test and marking perspective. In progressive, post eye 
checkup, there are certain markings that need to be taken and fittings need to happen. 
And so far traditionally, this has happened very, very manually. And at scale to do that 
manually is not viable. And B, even when you do it manually, the precision could not be 
there. Even in single vision, the biggest reason people buy from Lenskart today, we have 
seen that reason change from price to quality being ~60% being quality. 
And so what our efforts are in progressives is to really make sure we can engineer ways 
where the product actually does the talking and nothing else. And that is how we have 
done it so far. So we at our end are building solutions, tech enabled solutions, which will 
automate this entire marking. Now, the question you asked about engineering and R&D 
on designs, so we have launched series of Owndays progressives and the designs have 
been engineered by us. 
We have a full R&D team now which is working on R&D and actually AI has enabled a lot of 
it. Today you can run all the data of customer fitting into AI models and design lens 
progressives. So the cost of doing so and the R&D cost of doing so has come down 
significantly. So it is a big area. We have an Owndays progressive lens which is an adoptive 

Lenskart Solutions Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
customized which actually has higher customer satisfaction than even the most 
expensive lenses we sell today. 
The second question was on vanity. See, I think the world -- this is a very, very interesting 
topic, I think. See, the way the brands are getting built now in the next phase of 
consumption is very different authenticity is kind of taking over legacy. If you see ₹1,500 
crores in Owndays premium segment would be one of the largest brands today, lens 
brands in this segment. 
I'll give you another example. Meller is hardly EUR50 for two sunglasses. But if you see, you 
see Virat Kohli in every match which he's seen around, he's wearing a Meller. You see 
Tanmay Bhat wearing Meller, you see Blackpink which would charge a few million dollars 
to be on a stage wears Meller when she's performing. 
So I think we have to see that the brands, the way they were built in the past and all these 
people can afford much expensive sunglasses, is not how the brands may work in the 
future. So I think the next generation is really more about authenticity than, than I would 
say superficial upgrading. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Got it. Very helpful, Peyush. Thanks so much, and all the best. 
Peyush Bansal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Garima Mishra of Kotak. Please accept the prompt 
on your screen, unmute your microphone and proceed with your question. 
Garima Mishra: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. Peyush, in the international business, right, the Y-
o-Y store count was up 10% while revenue growth was much higher, close to 30% in 
constant currency. How much more can you sweat these stores? Or do you think to 
maintain the current growth rate you would need to look at accelerated store additions 
internationally as well? 
Peyush Bansal: 
See, thanks Garima, thanks for the question see overall, like I said, we are following -- we 
have played we have done this play before in India. And our -- I don't see that these 
markets are different. If I'll tell you our history in India, we used to open only 100 stores a 
year and our goal was to just focus in building what you may call is an AI model, which was 
a combination of GeoIQ and Tango and the store operating model which can continue to 
deliver that SSG. 
A lot of that was fueled by delivering from years we have been opening two to three clinics 
in an eyewear store when even one was not fully utilized. And I think we are following the 
same playbook. In the last two to three years, what we have been doing in international is 
accelerating our number of eye tests, making sure that the capex invested per store is 
rationalized, increasing our supply chain integration so that the margin which was sitting 
at about 73%, 74% is growing up. 

Lenskart Solutions Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
When all of this comes into play, the flywheel operates, and once that flywheel operates 
you can -- opening stores is the easiest thing to do in my view. And -- but the most difficult 
thing is to deliver a sustained same-store growth and quarter after quarter. So I would say 
in international we would add stores we do want to accelerate just like in India, we moved 
from 100 to 300, now to 450 plus. We are doing that. 
And international is a break up of market. Japan as a market is now getting there in our 
economics where we would want to accelerate. But in the long term, Japan, our learning 
was that this acceleration and same-store growth will not stop because in Japan 
penetration is quite high. But what is happening there is that people -- and the market is 
organized, it's not like India. 
But what is happening is people are moving from expensive traditional opticians to D2C 
brands. And that is a market phenomena, which I think is a great learning for us even in 
India that the headway is pretty long. And Japan has been one of our fastest growing 
international markets right now despite all of that at play. So I would say we will accelerate 
stores, but there -- is I don't see a challenge on SSG, I see a lot of headroom there in 
international markets. 
Garima Mishra: 
Perfect. That's very clear, Peyush. Thanks for taking the question. 
Peyush Bansal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kaivalya Baing with IIFL Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi. This is Percy Panthaki here. I just wanted to get some understanding better on the eye 
tests. So two questions will help me understand this. One is that what percentage of 
people who do eye tests at your store do not buy eyewear at your store at least 
immediately in the next few weeks? And secondly, what percentage of people who do buy 
prescription eyewear in your store come with a prescription from outside? And have these 
numbers changed over a period of time or are they similar over the last, let's say, year or 
two? 
Peyush Bansal: 
Yes, thank you, Percy, great question. See, I think we are, see we have to understand why 
we are doing eye tests. The reason why we are doing eye test, freely and more openly is 
we think the market needs to be created. It is not like just, otherwise it's just share shifting 
that is happening. So when we do more incremental eye tests, obviously there will be a hit 
on conversion, like in any other, but that top of the funnel is what is driving volume. 
Even in this quarter, volume has grown at about 23%. I would credit eye tests to be one of 
the biggest drivers of that volume growth. So we when we are tracking eye tests, our sole 
goal is can we add more people into the fold because we think people have prescription, 
they are just not aware or how all of us don't want to get things checked and we want to 
avoid it, how can we do that. 

Lenskart Solutions Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
I would say majority, a significant majority of people who do an eye test end up buying 
glasses if not immediately in the few months to follow. And that is a trend we continue to 
see, we have not seen it change of course as we bring in people who are doing first time 
eye test, they would take slightly longer to come versus people who are repeat, if even if 
not at Lenskart somewhere else if they got an eye test done, almost all of them would buy 
glasses. 
But when a first time customer comes, if they just discover they have a power, it will take 
slightly longer and there will be a churn that would happen where they may not come back, 
but that number is lesser. But it would take them time to digest, okay they will explore, 
they will check a few other opticians, they will make up their mind. 
So this largely I think the only trend I see is that as we increase top of the funnel, the 
conversion would get compromised and then we will have to use our engineering to see 
how do we do better CRM to bring these people into the fold, right. And Yes, I think that's 
the only thing. And as more eye tests happen, we need to manage the queues and the wait 
time to do that. And that is why it's such a big investment in remote and self eye test. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. Secondly, I just wanted to understand the international business margins 
better. Last year your full year margin was higher than the margin that you did in Q1. So, do 
you think that's a fair estimate to take for FY27 as well? 
Abhishek Gupta: 
Yes, thank you, Percy. See for full year last year, we did about 7% margin, the year before 
that our EBITDA margin post-rent was 3.6%, right? And so, you will continue to see there 
is some seasonality in Q1 that we spoke about earlier from the sunglasses business, but 
you would see a Y-o-Y improvement like the way you have been seeing consistently. It's 
difficult to comment on what the full year margin number would be vis-a-vis the quarter, 
but our endeavour will be to continue to improve on Y-o-Y numbers. 
Percy Panthaki: 
But would you just help me understand the seasonality here? Like is Q1 stronger than usual 
quarter, weaker than usual quarter? How do I look at it really? 
Abhishek Gupta: 
Yes, I mean, sunglasses is a higher net margin business. So Q1 is stronger, but other 
businesses are also firing very well and we are getting benefits of product margin and 
operating leverage as well as marketing efficiencies. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay, okay. Got it. Thanks a lot, that's all from me. Thanks, and all the best. 
Abhishek Gupta: 
Thank you, Percy. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Arnab Mitra. Please accept the 
prompt on your screen to unmute your microphone and proceed with your question. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Yes. Hi team. My question was again on the international business. So Peyush, you 
mentioned about the flywheel in India which is now working on store additions. Now if I 
look at your international margins, they are now very similar to what your India margins 

Lenskart Solutions Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
were in FY25. So do you think you are now at that stage where the store expansion can 
significantly be accelerated? 
Or are there other bottlenecks like remote optometry or other things that you need to 
crack for the store expansion to speed up? And a related question is, given that in these 
markets you are probably not a market creator, you're also gaining share, should you do 
you think of the store potential differently from what you think of India with pin codes, 
densification, is there is different approach how you should think about store addition in 
these market? 
Peyush Bansal: 
Yes. Great. Thanks for asking that, Arnab. See overall, I think you're absolutely right. I think 
time is coming closer for international acceleration, but it is not a generic answer because 
every market is at a different stage. There are markets where we are looking at 
accelerating, we are just tying in a lot of tech integration. 
I said a few quarters back that our there is a gross margin opportunity in international. And 
that's why because our ASP is three times but our cost was also two times and that was 
getting lost only because of technology integration. We are getting very close to that 
integration running seamlessly because once you start opening new stores what you don't 
want is customer experience to decline. 
We have seen enough and more brands go down because of that. So I would say in some 
markets that is beginning to happen and we are planning for acceleration in the years to 
come, maybe not in this year, but yes, the plans are getting made in some markets and we 
are also quite eager to do it. The only thing is more and more tech integration. 
But yes, many markets are in that in that zone. Thailand is one such market where we are 
getting very, very excited about. The second question was on? 
Arnab Mitra: 
No, given that this is your you're not a market creator, you're probably a new entrant in 
these markets. Do you think of store potential differently from the India approach, which 
is pin code densification, in terms of potential of stores in these? 
Peyush Bansal: 
See overall, eyewear is a neighbourhood model. I have not seen that different in any 
market. If you look at UK Specsavers has thousands of stores in just UK and overall, the 
same model has worked in Australia, the same model works everywhere. So that doesn't 
change. The only thing is, are we doing it on the basis of gut or we do it on the basis of 
data?  
So we have already been -- our GeoIQ acquisition that we did was primarily so that the 
team can start investing in mapping geo-analytics data for international markets and that 
work has started. So very soon we would have the same level of analytics we have in India 
for most of our international markets and we will use that as our guiding force. 

Lenskart Solutions Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
I mean, the pin code, etcetera is a way for us and largely maybe for our shareholders to 
understand top down how this works. When we go open a store, we don't open like that. 
We just look at what GeoIQ is pointing us to, what is our revenue prediction and we go open 
the store and then all of this starts making sense. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Okay. Thanks so much. That's it from my side. All the best. 
Peyush Bansal: 
Thank you. Thank you, Arnab. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Devanshu Bansal with Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Hi Peyush, congratulations. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, first question is on the 
accuracy of eye tests conducted by you in remote optometry. Right, so this is a critical 
component, so I just wanted to sort of check as in how you are tracking the accuracy of 
eye tests being done under this? And secondly obviously very encouraging launch of ₹500 
price point. So wanted to check as in how are you ensuring that your existing consumers 
don't down trade and only the new consumers are sort of entering your business? So these 
are the two questions. 
Peyush Bansal: 
Yes, see eye test is a subjective process. I think accuracy of an eye test has not been 
defined yet because I may give you a better power but your eyes you may not adapt to it if 
you are using a certain different power. What we can get accurate is the process, are all 
the steps followed? And to be honest remote optometry follows is far more consistent 
than an eye test which is in a closed room which is completely unmonitored. 
However, the way we monitor is using Tango Eye which is our computer vision company 
that we acquired where we are monitoring if the person is following all the steps using the 
CCTV which is monitoring every step and it is taking out a score. And then we look at based 
on the customers who bought it, how many customers came back and exchanged for a 
power change? 
Based on these we try to correlate, but everybody who has exchanged doesn't necessarily 
mean there was a wrong eye test. That doesn't mean that there are not wrong eye test 
that may happen. The end goal with all of this is that how do we make this more and more 
automated and digitized. And remote optometry takes it a step further, the self AI eye test 
you saw a video takes it to a completely different level where at least every time you do an 
eye test, you would get the same result. 
If you do an eye test today at two different Lenskart stores or four different doctors, you 
would never get the same outcome because you are replying and somebody else is 
working as per your response and your response will change every time. So, this is 
something we continue to work on, I think we are still learning every day and we are 
improving. 

Lenskart Solutions Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
In fact, that is how our progressives share increased, because of data analysis. On the 
₹500 downgrading, so firstly this is a great question and that is why we engineered a full 
omnichannel journey for this. We engineered, so when you get this ₹500 frame, it is like a 
frame for every face, you come, do a face scan on your app, we detect that it is not 
duplicated and then you can buy a certain set of frames that you are buying. 
So, we are learning along the way, of course the other way we ensure cannibalization 
doesn't happen is creating a house of brands because different brands, different 
customers. Now you may not want to buy a certain brand and you may want to buy certain 
brand and that goes with positioning. So, it's a combination of journeys using a little bit of 
technology and then creating a house of brands to stop cannibalization. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it, Peyush. Thanks. Thanks for your answers. 
Peyush Bansal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Aditya Soman with CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Soman: 
Hi team. Good evening. First question, I mean in terms of this ₹500 eyewear, if this were 
to expand very significantly, would that have any sort of drag effect on profitability or do 
obviously it just creates an entry price point for products and then allows you to upsell the 
consumer to the rest of the range? And second, just a quick one on for brands like 
Rodenstock where you indicated that you're manufacturing the lenses here, how is that 
arrangement? Is this just a brand licensing arrangement or something deeper? I just want 
to understand. Thanks. 
Peyush Bansal: 
Great question. I think these are the problems we come to work and solve everyday how 
do we manage see I think it's largely a question of ASP and that is why I've continued to 
play that ASP can fluctuate with every quarter depending on what campaigns we are 
running and what are the base effects and that's why one should use volume, that's how 
we track our business. 
But overall when we one of the reasons why we waited so long to launch ₹500 is that the 
unit economics work. So the unit economics work and I think actually the lower price 
points are more margin accretive at the higher price points the absolute money that you 
make is higher creating that kind of margin is difficult at higher price points. 
So I don't see that as a challenge. What we will need to be just very about is that these 
things don't necessarily operate at ASP level quarter on quarter one has to take a longer 
term view on how things will operate. But I don't see at a unit economic level any challenge, 
we have already solved for that before we launched it. And in terms of -- I hope that 
answers the question on it. 
Aditya Soman: 
Yes, it does. Thanks, very clear. 

Lenskart Solutions Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Peyush Bansal: 
And on the on the branded lens the arrangement is we are both manufacturing and brand 
licensing partners for these brands so we manufacture them in our factory, we get certain 
raw materials and certain design info from them and then we manufacture and serve the 
products. In some cases we may still import the product directly from them. 
Aditya Soman: 
Understand. Very clear. And this sort of manufacturing arrangement for now, it's India only 
or would it again be a global arrangement where you could also begin exporting this? 
Peyush Bansal: 
It started with India only, but now it is expanding into our international markets one by 
one, based on our response in India. 
Aditya Soman: 
Perfect. Very clear. Thanks so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Amit Purohit with Elara. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Purohit: 
Yes. Hi. Thank you sir for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. Just on 
the international piece, we have two brands, which is Owndays and Lenskart. How do you 
think about say from a medium-term perspective because I understand Owndays is 
getting good acceptance as your comments are also there. So would you be kind of scaling 
up that or Lenskart as a brand, how do you position these two just over a medium-term 
perspective which one would you look to scale up faster? 
Peyush Bansal: 
Thank you. Thank you. Great question. I think overall the strategy differs by the market. 
Our case in point is Singapore where the dual brand strategy actually worked very well for 
us. Before we acquired Owndays, Lenskart already had a market share which we have not 
seen in any other market, it's -- we serve more than 25% volume market share in this 
market now. 
And both brands kind of coexist and they serve different consumer segments and price 
points. Lenskart still operates as a platform brand where there are more offerings and 
Owndays operates as a D2C brand. With our success in Singapore and where we are seeing 
both brands continue to compound, we are following the same strategy in Thailand. 
And I think in Thailand that strategy is also working very well considering Owndays 
operates at a very different price point and Lenskart continues to be there. So we are 
looking at as a dual brand strategy in these markets, but at the same time in Japan we are 
not right now planning to do the same. So I think the strategy is evolving depending on 
market by market. 
Singapore was a huge success and Thailand is turning out to be one and then we will keep 
learning and then figure out how we want to take it in different markets in the future. 
Amit Purohit: 
Thank you. 

Lenskart Solutions Limited 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Nikunj Mall for closing comments. Over to you, 
sir. 
Nikunj Mall: 
Thank you everyone for joining the call today. If you have any further questions, please 
feel free to reach out to our investor relations team at investor.relations@lenskart.in and 
we look forward to seeing you next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Lenskart, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining 
us, you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Note: Any reference to ’pre-AS EBITDA’ or ’pre-IND AS EBITDA’ or ’post-rent EBITDA’ across the document should be read as EBITDA (pre-IndAS 116).  Any reference to ‘SSS’ or “SSSG’ 
across the document should be read as ‘Same Store Sales Growth’. We have also refined the syntax and streamlined speech fillers to enhance readability, while strictly preserving 
the context and intent of the discussion. 
 
1 EBITDA (pre-IndAS 116) has been inadvertently stated as EBITDA 
2FY26 ROCE has been inadvertently stated as 14% instead of 14.6% 
3 SPSG has been inadvertently stated as 25% instead of 24.3% 
