                                                               
 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
CIN : L29307GJ2010PLC063233 
Corporate & Registered Office: Sarkhej - Bavla Road, Changodar, Ahmedabad, Sanand - 382213, Gujarat, India. 
Tel.: +91-2717-618200   Fax: +91-2717-618259   E-mail: sec@harshaengineers.com   URL: www.harshaengineers.com 
HEIL/SE-31/2026-27 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
To, 
To, 
The Manager (Listing), 
The Manager (Listing), 
The BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze  Jeejeebhoy  Towers, 
"Exchange Plaza", C-l, Block - G, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Script Code No. : 543600 
Symbol : HARSHA 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub   :     Transcript of Earning Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2026  
Ref   :     Regulation   30   of   SEBI   (Listing   Obligations   and   Disclosure   Requirements) 
                Regulations, 2015 
 
With reference to subject matter and pursuant to regulation 30 of the SEBI ((Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the earning call for 
the quarter ended June 30, 2026 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on August 11, 
2026. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at www.harshaengineers.com 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR HARSHA ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED  
 
 
 
Kiran Mohanty 
Company Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer 
MEM NO. : F9907 
 
Kiran 
Kumar 
Mohanty
Digitally signed by Kiran Kumar Mohanty 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=7613, 
2.5.4.20=b85b3e76e0dadd564619fa94c1
b306d1a94b319885df6fffee2134a3b7ff9
485, postalCode=390010, st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=033b12d75ce929aa7a80b
3cdff91c6bc9da1bcd13756846bbefb9bd
9232e6c2c, cn=Kiran Kumar Mohanty 
Date: 2026.08.17 13:37:24 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Harsha Engineers International Limited Quarter 1 
FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VISHAL RANGWALA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER & WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, HARSHA 
ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
MR. MAULIK JASANI – VICE PRESIDENT (FINANCE), 
HARSHA ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY MAJMUDAR – STRATEGIC ADVISOR, 
HARSHA ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Harsha Engineers International Limited 
Quarter 1 FY27 Analyst and Investor Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vishal 
Rangwala – CEO of the company. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Rangwala. 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Dear friends, welcome to all for our Quarter 1 FY27 post-result update call. As per the normal 
practice, our CFO, Mr. Maulik Jasani will take you at length through our key numbers. However, 
I am assuming that most of you would have had a chance to go through the same. 
At the outset, I am happy to inform that our Quarter 1 FY27 performance has remained 
satisfactory, in line with our Management plan and expectations, except for some minor 
aberrations which I will talk about shortly. 
As you would have seen on a consolidated basis, we have posted a 25% growth in Quarter 1 and 
year-over-year This growth is largely due to a consistent, strong, top-line growth of around 21% 
posted by our India Engineering business, which comprises of company HEIL and our wholly 
own subsidiary company, Harsha Advantek. 
It is also noteworthy to mention that in spite of the historically established fact that our last 
quarter performance is generally the strongest. In Quarter 1, our India Engineering business has 
posted a strong 6% growth, even on a quarter-over-quarter basis. At the same time, you would 
have seen that while there is an EBITDA and PAT growth in our India Engineering business in 
Quarter 1 on a YoY basis, there is some degrowth in margin on a quarter-over-quarter basis. 
This is attributable to three specific factors. 
1. 
In Quarter 1 of this year, our average raw material costs have gone up by around 8%. 
As you are aware, we follow a pass-through mechanism in most of our systems. 
However, there will be a lag of one or two quarters. Thus, we should be able to pass 
through this cost increase in the subsequent quarter. 
2. 
Another factor which has impacted the margin of India Engineering business is foreign 
exchange loss of around Rs. 4 crores, which is due to certain technical accounting 
reasons. As per IndAS provisions, foreign currency fluctuations relating to FX cash 
flow hedges are parked in other comprehensive income till they are realized and 
settled. The FX losses of around Rs. 4 crores is due to this accounting effect of 
realization of cash flow hedges lost in the current quarter. However, going forward, 
we do not expect the material adverse impact on the accounts.  

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
3. 
Specific reason is also an increase in our indirect material costs like oil, chemical, 
packing material due to inflationary pressure. As you are aware, the war broke out 
during the 1st Quarter and we all saw that. So, this has increased our cost in Quarter 1 
by approximately Rs. 3 crores. However, the most significant impact is the raw 
material cost increase pending pass-through as explained above, which will be 
normalized going forward. 
Now, talking about our specific growth components: 
I am happy to state that our primary product, which is Cages, we are continuing to see good 
demand, traction and offtake both in India and outside India. In India, this is driven by a good 
demand for Cages from our customers whose offtake has increased matching with their own 
growth plan. This includes Cages demand for facilities recently set up by our MNC customers 
in India. Over and above this, we are also seeing a good traction from other major Indian bearing 
customers. We believe this reflects a continued strong growth in the Indian domestic market 
aided by good industrial demand as well as demand from automobile sectors. 
A part of this also is attributable to increased global demand witnessed by our key bearing 
customers. We are also seeing a strong traction in export from India. Our export from India in 
Quarter 1 FY27 stood at Rs. 139 crores. We have reported almost 22% growth on a YoY basis 
and 11% growth on a quarter-over-quarter basis. 
We are also seeing good growth in Europe, US and all other key markets backed by continued 
increase in industrial demand in geographies. 
Now, talking of our key growth driver: 
First and foremost, sales of Bushing in Quarter 1 stood at around Rs. 34 crores reflecting almost 
35% growth year-over-year basis. We have strong visibility on this order and have good pipeline. 
So, fairly confident of achieving targeted sales growth of Bushing around 30% this year against 
last year's Rs. 127 crores. 
Equally encouraging is the Stamping sales, which stood at around Rs. 90 crores in Quarter 1. 
So, it's showing year-over-year basis about 31% growth and we have quite a few products which 
are either developed or under development specifically in the category of white goods things 
like AC compressor components and so on, as well as Railways, Seals and other automotive 
Stamping products for which we have been developing over the past few months, which gives 
us confidence that we could achieve about 30% growth this year as well in the Stamping against 
the sales of Rs. 60 crores last year. 
We are also witnessing a strong demand offtake in the segment of large-size Cages. So, Quarter 
1 sales appear to be lower at around Rs. 10 crores. We believe that order book on hand and 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
pipeline in this segment basis of this, we should achieve a good 50% growth in spite of 1st 
Quarter numbers and financial year. Over the last year, we did about Rs. 49 crores. 
Talking of Japanese customers: 
Our Quarter 1 FY27 sales stood at around Rs. 21 crores, showing about 25% year-over-year 
growth. However, the full-year basis, we expect only a modest 10% growth in sales of Rs. 72 
crores in this segment, given the fact that the entire process of development and conversion is 
quite slow, but it is reassuringly positive. 
Talking of our wholly owned subsidiary, Harsha Advantek: 
Although Quarter 1 sales at around 30 crores appears to show only a modest growth of 7% on 
QoQ basis, we have a good visibility of sales increase progressively coming through every 
quarter. Annual sales target in Advantek should be in the region of about Rs. 140 crores plus. 
This year, Rs. 43 crores achieved last year in FY26. So, as the scale of operations goes up, we 
expect Advantek to be PAT positive by the end of FY27. It has reported a loss of about Rs. 4 
crores in 1st Quarter FY26. 
As you might be aware, we have already announced the CapEx plan in Advantek for the 2nd 
Phase of expansion, which is for basically expanding the facility of Bushing as well as Stampings 
and large-size cage 
Now, turning to our foreign subsidiaries: 
First talking about Harsha China: 
Things are looking quite stable and satisfactory. We believe that Harsha China should report an 
overall growth of around 10% in current financial as against the sales of about Rs. 120 crores 
achieved in FY26, with an EBITDA margin in the range of 12%-14% and a decent PAT range 
of around 6%. We have already commenced the implementation of a Brownfield expansion 
project in China after securing required debt funding at a very attractive rate. 
This expansion is focused on creating capabilities for our steel Cages as to expand the product 
portfolio as well as market reach in China. This project should be commissioned by Quarter 3 
of next financial year and we should see a full impact from FY2029 onwards. 
Lastly, talking about our aberration which I hinted earlier, Harsha Romania continues to be in 
negative territory. Though it has reported a slight growth in top line, however, Quarter 1 FY27 
there was a one-time foreign exchange loss of around Rs. 2 crores because of the adverse 
currency movement between the local currency and Europe. Still, the operating losses continue 
but we put a strong effort in improving the product mix by pushing more cages, trying to get 
more customers and also reducing the cost. 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
We have also made a strategic change in the top management by bringing in--. 
While our endeavor will be to try and see that Harsha Romania achieves break-even, we still 
feel there could be some losses in the current financial year. However, the combined loss 
between the two foreign subsidiaries should reduce to much lower single-digit figures if not 
become fully positive. 
I will end my presentation with the reaffirmation that we are confident of continuing to grow 
strongly in India in the range of higher-teens and also achieving a consolidated sales growth of 
low-to-medium teens and we expect the bottom line to grow more strongly because of the 
combined impact of all the positive factors we have noted about. 
I would like to thank you for your continued confidence and support in Harsha and I wish I think 
I will ask Maulik to take us through his Presentation and the numbers before we take some 
questions. 
Maulik Jasani: 
Thank you, thank you Vishal Bhai. Hello everyone and good afternoon. 
For the quarter ended June 26th, our Engineering business at consolidated level has achieved a 
supply of Rs. 421 crores against Rs. 382 crores in the immediate previous quarter and Rs. 349 
crores in the same quarter last year. 
We have achieved consolidated EBITDA for Engineering business of Rs. 69.8 crores in the 
current quarter against Rs. 77 crores in the immediate previous quarter and Rs. 65.3 crores in 
the last year same quarter. 
We have witnessed a good demand across all revenue segments while EBITDA margin having 
an impact on account of the material pass through as well as exchange rate impact as discussed. 
In solar business, we have achieved revenue of Rs. 36.3 crores and positive EBITDA of Rs. 2.82 
crores for the current quarter. 
Overall working capital cycle at consolidated level is around 116 days against 130 days in the 
previous quarter. 
The company has incurred a CapEx of Rs. 37 crores in Quarter 1 at consolidated level. For the 
Quarter 1 FY27, our revenue from Bushing was around Rs. 34 crores, Stamping Rs. 19 crores, 
LSB Rs. 10 crores and Japanese customers Rs. 21 crores as already discussed. 
With this brief on the financial numbers, I request the operator to take the Q&A from the 
participants one by one. Thank you. 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. First question is from 
the line of Varun Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Varun Jain: 
Good evening, sir. Congratulations on very strong growth numbers. So, just on this, I wanted to 
understand how this growth came, which segments performed so well, did we see a broad-based 
demand recovery in Europe or was it India? How did such great numbers come? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Yes. So, it was more broad-based as I mentioned earlier. We see industrial demand overall 
strengthening and as well as European demand also recovering. So, combination of both those 
and actually the growth we are seeing across. So, it is very encouraging in that sense. 
Varun Jain: 
Okay, sir. And for FY27, what kind of overall growth rate do we see? Will 20% be possible with 
this momentum? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
I think 20% is a very tough stretch. We definitely expect mid-to high-teen numbers in India and 
then low-teen for FY27 overall is our general expectation. 
Varun Jain: 
Okay, sir. And year-on-year gross margins have fallen by 150 bps. So, this RM increase is 
happening in which material? Like is it in steel, brass, polyamide or is it mostly overheads? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
So, the raw material for specifically last quarter, it happened across materials. We use brass, 
copper, zinc, steel as well as polymer. So, we are seeing that impact visible across all the 
materials. 
Maulik Jasani: 
But last year, the major focus was on the higher metal prices on the brass front, which is 
combination of copper and zinc. But yes, this year starting, we have witnessed that across the 
board, maybe part of the impact of the global conditions and scenarios. But we should be able 
to come through as we did earlier. 
Varun Jain: 
Got it. And sir, on the foreign front, we grew well this quarter also, but still the EBITDA margins 
for the foreign business fell from 1.5% to 0.3% year-on-year, even though we grew revenues 
20%. So, why is the operating leverage not coming and are we able to move from casting to 
cage, especially in Romania? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
So, we are working to do that. Increasing additional cage revenue. At the same time, there was 
a big impact of raw material prices continuing to increase and actually negating some of the 
improving situation on the revenue side. 
Maulik Jasani: 
And as Vishal mentioned in the initial speech, there is an impact in Romania on the exchange 
rate fluctuations between the Romanian local currencies versus the borrowings we did in Europe. 
So, it's more of an accounting impact, considering that majority operation in Romania is also 
backed by it. 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Varun Jain: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. I will come back in the queue. Thanks, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from PL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Anwani: 
Hi, sir. Thank you and congratulations for the good set of numbers. First question, sir, again a 
follow-up on Romania. So, you said probably collectively the two subsidiaries will have lower 
losses. So, what kind of loss we are billing in for Romania that is one. Second, you said there 
was a FOREX impact also this quarter. So, even keeping aside the FOREX, how was the 
performance there in terms of volumes? Are we able to move with our objective from moving 
from semi-finished to the large Cages? Are we really on track to improve the subsidiary or it 
remains still the status quo? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
So, on the overall operation, if we ignore the FOREX, I think we did not significantly improve. 
We did have a little bit of improvement. Again, I mentioned in the earlier answer, we also saw 
an adverse effect of increasing the copper prices and that had some impact on the result. And on 
moving towards more Cages, we are working towards it. Right now, we do not have a significant 
numbers to show for it. However, we are seeing a pipeline in Romania improving towards Cages. 
So, that is what I think. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
And we have said that the lower single digit may be Rs. 2-3-4 crores in that range combined 
losses could be there as against Rs. 10 crores we did last year. 
Amit Anwani: 
Okay. But is it like the China will improve further and Romania will deteriorate further, is it? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
So, both will improve. That means Romania's losses run rate will reduce. China is continuously 
profitable. So, let us see. We have to wait for a couple of quarters. If things improve much better, 
we may say that they will turn into positive, but it is a bit early. Wait for one, maybe two quarters 
and we should be able to give you a much better picture. 
Amit Anwani: 
Yes. And now sir, on the other businesses like Bushings, Stamp Components, you talked about 
(+30%) growth. So, is it the wallet share, new customer and will this momentum is something 
which should continue? You have done a CapEx in the past in Bushings and Stamp Components 
also. So, just wanted to have a color whether this is something which will continue at this rate 
and is it the wallet share increase, new business, yes that would help. 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Yes. So, on the Bushing side, it's a conversion which is supporting the growth, and we are not 
sure how long this will continue, but we expect at least a couple of years for this conversion 
effect to continue. Part of it always will be wallet share as well. And then on the Stamping side, 
we are adding a lot of new products which is one of the reasons we are seeing growth there. We 
have a very strong pipeline of new products coming in or have started but will be matured over 
the next one year or so. 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. And lastly, on the large Cages, which when it was about Rs. 10 crores and kind of flattish, 
still we are talking about 30% growth. And I recollect we have been focusing to have a very 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
strong growth from the large Cages in the past as well. So, just wanted to understand, is it a 
particular customer where or there has been a delay in offtake? What is the reason for Quarter 1 
coming so low and still you are confident of 30%? So, what is happening in the large Cages 
business? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
So, in the large size Quarter 1 was aberration, partially driven by the large size capacity at our 
new facility, still struggling to ramp up and respond to the demand. We see that demand is there. 
And that's why the optimism in spite of a tough number for 1st Quarter, that we are fairly 
confident of even (+30%). 
Sanjay Majumdar: 
There is a good visibility. We have a nice orderbook pipeline that we can see. That's why. 
Amit Anwani: 
And so, in the large Cages, right? 
Sanjay Majumdar: 
Of course. 
Amit Anwani: 
I understand it's a value-added business also and we are at probably not a very high base. So, is 
it that we are trying to add more customers in the large Cages or trying to leverage as we probably 
were trying in Romania also earlier with the same customer? So, what exactly can drive your 
large case business in the upcoming quarters? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
It's primarily we are trying to grab a bigger wallet share, where we do have a very low wallet 
share when it comes to larger size Cages with our customers. And we are trying to grab more of 
that. That is what in principle is happening and I think these are growth drivers and make us feel 
confident that we can really achieve that. 
Amit Anwani: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Vaibhav Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Yes. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I have only one question. So, could you share 
an update on how ongoing Brownfield CapEx in China and recently announced HAL Phase-2 
CapEx is progressing? And what would be our CapEx guidance for FY27 and FY28? 
Maulik Jasani: 
On the China front, our Phase-2 CapEx, we already mentioned in our presentation, it is on the 
track. And we expect it to hold in the next year Q3 around. And that's where we are on the track. 
And the building construction has already commenced and it's ongoing. While on our Bhayla 
plant expansion, in the current seasons, we have just rolled the building construction, but we 
expect it to start in this month. And that is also on track. And we expect our third building 
construction also to be completed by end of this year or maybe the last quarter of this year. And 
we have already started procuring the incremental machineries orders for the new building sites 
also. 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Civil construction is on hold because of heavy rain. Because Ahmedabad, which has very, very 
heavy rain, where it's difficult to do construction. But I think now things are normalizing, should 
start very soon. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Sure. And what is your CapEx guidance for FY27 and FY28? 
Maulik Jasani: 
We will keep on adding further guidelines. As of now, our focus is to complete these two major 
expansions. But we at least expect in the range of Rs. 50 crores to Rs. 80 crores as a year-over-
year CapEx but we will give a better guidelines in the coming quarters. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Yes. Thank you, sir. Thank you for answering my question. I will get back in with you. Yes. 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manish Goyal from ThinkWise Wealth Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Manish Goyal: 
Yes. Thank you so much, sir. Congratulations on very good set of numbers, sir. Sir, on the 
guidance for India Engineering, where we are referring to high-teens growth. So, just would like 
to know how much would be driven by volume growth and price increase? And related question 
as to what kind of price increase we have taken or we will take due to this commodity increase? 
That was the first question. Second question, within India Engineering business, if we were to 
exclude the Bushing, Stamping and large Cages and Japanese customer so the conventional 
Cages business can it still grow double-digit or probably the number what I calculated shows 
that it's probably 6%-7% growth only. So, if you can also give that perspective. So, there was a 
lot of echo in the call. So, I could not get the Japanese based customer revenue for the current 
quarter and the comparative quarter, if you can clarify on that as well. And I will come back on 
a couple of more questions. Thank you, sir. 
Maulik Jasani: 
Yes. Sir, Manish, first question. Let me respond to you with the last question. The Japanese 
customer in the current quarter was Rs. 21 crores against the last year same quarter Rs. 16.5 
crores. Okay. On your question about the raw material pass-through and the impact of that raw 
material on our top line. Usually, as we know, we have a pass-through with around 4 months 
left. And here I will say, as we discussed in the call, the last year was major pass-through happens 
in the brass while steel was range bound. Some impact there. As we have mentioned in our 
commentary, this quarter 6% to 7% this quarter of raw material price increased. So, maybe 
around 40%-50% would be the impact on the price of raw material. 
Manish Goyal: 
Okay. So, that is basically 3-4%. Roughly, we can expect a rise in this. So, the guidance of heigh-
teens growth is factoring this price increase as well. That is what I wanted to clarify. 
Vishal Rangwala: 
It accounts for it in a little bit way, but we are actually trying to focus on a volume growth. And 
right now, we are not trying to predict the value impact, but there could be some impact of that 
as you rightly mentioned because of this. 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Manish Goyal: 
Okay. And on the Cages growth, sir, probably the traditional business, what we have, how should 
we look at the growth for that piece of the business? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
So, we see that Cage growth in India is going to sustain on a variety of factors. Those factors 
include our natural growth of Indian economy as well as outsourcing of opportunities we are 
seeing for supply from India to other countries and so on. Plus, we talked about our customers 
are already setting up plants to export outside India. So, all those factors combined, we are 
expecting good growth in Cage business in India as well. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
I think we should match the growth of the bearing industry in India. Plus, whatever extra we 
take on the outsourcing. But at least 10% and thereabouts are even more actually. 
Manish Goyal: 
And sir, what is the CapEx plan for FY27 entire year, sir? 
Maulik Jasani: 
Current year FY27, we already announced in the last investor call, our major expansion is 
coming into the Bhayla. And we expect, and also in China Phase-2, put together, we expect both 
the major expansion and our regular CapEx would be in the range of around Rs. 180 crores to 
Rs. 200 crores in 1.5 years to 2 years. 
Manish Goyal: 
Sorry, Rs. 180 crores to Rs. 200 crores over two years. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
This year and next year. So, maybe around Rs. 50 crores to Rs, 80 crores this year, remaining 
next year. 
Manish Goyal: 
Sure, sir. And sir, in the annual report, we have mentioned about, basically that we continue to 
strengthen capabilities in areas such as wind energy, gas box, specialized railway applications, 
aerospace and electric mobility solutions. So, maybe if you can elaborate and provide us 
perspective, what are we referring to on this? And second point also within annual report that 
we see very strong long-term growth by stronger strategic collaborations and carefully 
evaluating inorganic growth opportunities. So, maybe if you can just provide us perspective as 
to in what context we are saying this. 
Vishal Rangwala: 
So, let me start with your first point about wind, rail and aerospace. Aerospace, and gear box. 
So, within wind, we are approaching it with multiple perspectives. So, I was talking about on 
the wind side, we are working on Bushing and actually next step of Bushing within Bushing, we 
are trying to move to a different set of technology and working closely with our customer on 
variety of upgrades to that. Also on the Cage side, we are getting ready to cater to that segment 
and whatever it pertains in terms of size capability, in terms of geometrical dimensional 
capability, we are working towards that. So, that's what is happening in wind. Similarly, on the 
rail side, we are working with our primarily either bearing companies or directly to other 
companies where we are supplying Stamping components for the rail industry. In addition to the 
Cages where also we are working to develop more products which can cater to the railway 
market. So, those are the things going on in wind and rail. 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Similarly, in aerospace defense, we are doing a lot of Stamping components which cater to that 
industry. And we are working with Tier-1, Tier-2 defense companies in India for those product 
developments. So, they are in a very developmental stage where we are making those and it's a 
portfolio. 
So, once they start, they could bring in a decent set of revenue. Jumping to the inorganic topic 
you had requested or what you looked at in our Annual Report. Basically, we are looking at any 
opportunity which comes our way which can really enhance our capability while remaining in 
that specific space of precision engineering. And we are looking at those as an opportunity if 
something comes across. But that's not really a mandate. That's not something we are saying that 
we will go towards that. If right opportunity comes by, we may evaluate and look at it. And that's 
what we are trying to say. 
Manish Goyal: 
Sure. And one more thing was mentioned about EV-related products. I think on mobility, we are 
trying to service that through Stamping, sir? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Through a little bit of Stamping, but also a whole lot through bearing cables. Working with our 
customers on improving the performance of bearing, whatever can be contributed through Cages 
in terms of clean products, dirt-free products or high-performance products and so on. 
Manish Goyal: 
Thank you so much, sir. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the land of Uttam Purohit from VVD Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Yes. 
Uttam Purohit: 
Thank you for your question and congratulations for the great set of numbers. My question is on 
the Advantek side. So, if you could just share what kind of EBITDA margins Advantek did this 
quarter and what kind of because we are planning to close Advantek on PAT positive. What 
would be the EBITDA figure for the whole year for Advantek? 
Maulik Jasani: 
Logically, Advantek will give little lower EBITDA than our blended EBITDA for India business 
in this year, considering it is in the ramp-up phase, but we expect it to match our India EBITDA 
margin from next year onwards. Currently, last quarter, obviously, because of the major impact 
we already discussed on the material part and another, it has a 9% EBITDA. 
Uttam Purohit: 
And if I look at our standalone Engineering business, it did quite well even after all the pressures 
from metals and everything. So, if you could just say like, I think it did a margin of around 24%. 
So, if you are looking at the price hikes we are going to do, can we look at a better margin going 
forward? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
I think that 24 is a little high number and we have shared over past also that because of the lag 
cycle, some quarters it may appear to be higher and some quarters may appear to be too low. 
And that's what is going on. In general, we expect the margin in the range of 20-22%. Yes, as a 
normal sustainable margin. 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Uttam Purohit: 
Great. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Varun Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Varun Jain: 
Yes, sir. So, coming to the solar EPC business, so, sir, why is there so much volatility? So, year-
on-year the businesses are 120%, but quarter-on-quarter it is down 65% so Rs. 36 crores. So, 
what is the FY27 outlook of revenue and margins and what is the nature of this business quarter-
on-quarter? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Yes. So, solar is a very project-based business with a 4th quarter usually, it's linked to the 
financial benefit and so on. So, depreciation benefit. So, we tend to see a very high 4th Quarter 
and usually post that 1st Quarter is lower. Having said that, we did have a pretty decent 1st 
Quarter relative to last year. And on the revenue side, again, we are looking at Rs. 200-odd crores 
revenue in this segment. And depending on opportunity develops, it can change a little bit. And 
a margin sustenance on similar about, I believe, 7%-8% EBITDA. So, that's the general idea of 
the solar EPC. And it's again an EPC business so what we do there is primarily build solar 
installation or solar projects. And as I mentioned, it's a very project-driven business. We don't 
manufacture anything. We design and install those solar plants. 
Varun Jain: 
Got it, sir. And sir, on the China bit, so China plant was earlier slated to start by FY28, and now 
if we are planning Q3 FY28, so then the revenue will really flow in from FY29. So, FY28 also, 
China growth will be very low. And what was the China revenue and EBITDA and Romania 
revenue  and EBITDA for this quarter? 
Maulik Jasani: 
I think we continue to remain given the consolidated number for subsidiaries as of now. And we 
have already given total losses for that. 
Varun Jain: 
And sir, on the CapEx part, was it earlier FY28 and now it was delayed? 
Maulik Jasani: 
Our intention when we mentioned commissioning of FY28 is about operationalizing of our new 
building. So, revenue is starting from that period. 
Varun Jain: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, on the Japan-based customer, I think this quarter we have seen high growth 
from 16% to close to 21%. So, then why are we guiding this 10% for FY27? So, do we see a 
downtick in the upcoming quarters and why so? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
It is not the question of downtick, if you see last year from Japan-based customers, we did about 
Rs. 72 crores. We believe that the same run rate can continue. So, it will go up to in the range of 
about Rs. 80 crores or thereabouts. See, Japan, they are very slow. Lot of projects are under 
discussion. But we really don't want to because all other three fronts are growing very 
aggressively. Japan is a laggard in terms of growth, but it is still growth and it will continue to 
be positive. 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Varun Jain: 
Okay, sir. Got it. And sir, for Harsha, can you give us some sense of what is the packing order 
in terms of your customers like SKF, Schaeffler, Timken, NBC, who are the largest, who are 
like lower and what is the customer concentration like top 5, top 10? And this is only for the 
India standalone business of course. 
Vishal Rangwala: 
So, I think for us, all these names you mentioned are our top customers. They have a significant 
share of business within Timken, Scheffler, SKF, NBC, ZF, Flender. So, these are our major 
customers including, I think I forgot to mention the compressor component customer, Highly 
and few others. So, again, we are supplying to this customer from India, since you asked about 
India, to multiple of their facilities. And even though you can say that my top 10 customers 
remain almost 80% of our revenue. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Spread over more than 80 plants worldwide. And Varun, actually in India, I would say not being 
very modest, we have almost 80%-90% wallet share with almost all major customers. 
Varun Jain: 
Yes, sir. I know. I have kind of visited a couple of plants and they told me that close to 95%-
97% was actually from Harsha's Cages. So, that's very good. But just to kind of double click on 
this. So, the top customer will be like 15%-20% of revenue for you and will that be Timken? 
Maulik Jasani: 
That's range bound, depending on their growth and their seasonality. So, more or less, you can 
say my top 4 customers keep changing their rank. 
Varun Jain: 
Okay, got it. And just a last question, sir. I think MD sir mentioned that you are working on 
something which you call the “Next Step of Technology” in the Bushings. So, Bushings, we 
thought for wind gearboxes were the next step of technology from bearings. So, then what is 
next to Bushings? 
Maulik Jasani: 
More precise and more accurate for the next generation of gearbox. So, as we have explained, 
the Bushings are getting replaced or maybe used for the different size of the gearboxes. So, they 
keep on improvising, including the methods and accuracy both. 
Varun Jain: 
Okay, sir. Okay. Thank you and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and Company. Please 
go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes. Namaskar, Vishal Ji. Thank you for this opportunity. Sir, I was late to join the call. So, if 
you could just reiterate for the sake of repetition also, what is our path for profitability for the 
Romanian unit first of all? And the second point was we did EBITDA margin closer to 16% for 
the 1st Quarter. So, with the capacity augmentation and the improvement in volume that we 
envisage, what should the likelihood in the band EBITDA we should be for the year as a whole? 
If any number you can share. 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Maulik Jasani: 
Saket Ji, we have already given in our Investor Presentation the net loss of China and Romania 
put together as Rs. 3 crores. And that's what we have disclosed. We have not disclosed individual 
numbers for Romania and China so far. And on the EBITDA margin, as we have explained in 
commentary also, current margin has some impact of the material pass through. If we expect 
that metal price will be settled down or remain stable, then we expect even the EBITDA margin 
to be improved and to match the last year’s EBITDA margin percentage, which was 18.7%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, last point I missed sir come again. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
EBITDA is about 18%, that is expected against 16% that we have reported. 
Maulik Jasani: 
Provided the metal price will be stabilized. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And sir, for the Romanian unit and the Chinese part, standing profitable or breakeven, the 
path which we are going to glide, how long will it take? And I think a lot of course correction 
was in the process, especially for the Romanian unit, which you elaborated I think one year ago 
also. So, where are we, sir, firstly, in the restructuring of the Romanian part, I mean the product 
part also, there were some very strong set of changes you were envisaging earlier. So, correct 
me there. Where are we there? And the path, especially, how does this unit start setting and add 
to the top line and bottom line, especially the bottom line? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
So, Saket Ji, Romania will gradually, our target is to diminish their losses. So, as Vishal 
explained in his speech, we have already now revamped the top team, we have put a new CEO, 
there is a strategy to increase the sale of Cages from around 20%-25% to maybe 30%-35%. Till 
the problem is fixed, overheads are high, and unless the key customer who is buying semi-
finished castings reaches the previous level, breakeven becomes difficult. That is my challenge 
in Romania. China is continuously profitable. In China, for the last few quarters, we have seen 
a steady growth. So, profitability will range from 12%-14% EBITDA, even a little more. So, 
what we have guided is that the combined loss at the end of the year, assuming that Romania 
will gradually taper, it could be maybe in the range of maybe 2-3 crores, let us see. But as we 
progress, as we see the new team becoming more effective, maybe we can guide you for a better 
number. But at this point in time, let us take it as this year, minor loss, hopefully next year, some 
profit. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And a point on the CapEx that we are doing Brownfield one, and especially for Advantek. So, 
how is the order pipeline looking and how are we going to ramp up the facility going ahead? So, 
some more color if you could share, sir. 
Maulik Jasani: 
So, Saket Ji, in our ongoing businesses, we are building up the capacity and we are confident to 
win the new customers' orders. And on the Bushings and everything, we just responded in the 
last question, in the last speaker, that we are working on the next level of advanced Bushings 
also. And that's where we are building up the capacity. And last but not least, on the Stamping 
front, we are exploring the new products which meet our precision requirement. 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. So, when we read our invite for the call, we also have Mr. Sanjay Majumdar as a 
Strategic Advisor. So, if it could be explained exactly, what is the role as a Strategic Advisor in 
the business aspect or what has been instructed to him and just a basic understanding if that 
could be clear. 
Maulik Jasani: 
So, Sanjay is a practicing Chartered Accountant and he has supported and continued to support 
Harsha in all major strategic decisions, including he was part of our all the Greenfield expansion 
as well as Brownfield acquisition. And he participates and supports the management and other 
team members on the various strategic decisions. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, he would also be the one who would be guiding you people for shareholder value creation 
also, that has been lacking also for a very long time. So, we hope that this should be the, I think, 
so the inflection point for the company going ahead. I hope Mr. Sanjay would also throw some 
light on what steps he would be taking or advising the Senior Management here, sir, for value 
creation for us also. So, that was small point, just thought of sharing it. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
I have been involved with Harsha for last 30 years and will continue to do so, don't worry, I am 
always there. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, sir, all the best to the team, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from line of Jason Soans from IDBI Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Jason Soans: 
Yes, sir, thank you so much for taking my question. So, just wanted to know, I mean in terms of 
the West Asia crisis and everything. So, if I just look at your India standalone margin for only 
Engineering, that was 24.4% in FY26. Now, you did mention a band of 22% to 24%, which is 
probably lower from the last year. So, is it probably you are assuming that the RM prices, etc., 
it is volatile, is that the reason you have lowered the margin? Just some clarification on that. 
Moderator: 
I am sorry to interrupt you, there is a slight echo. Jason, can you mute your line from your side, 
please? Thank you, sir, please go ahead. 
Maulik Jasani: 
We expect the margin to remain similar, but there is a metal price increase, which will reduce 
the percentage. So, we expect that absolute value increase will continue, but definitely 
percentage will reduce because the material pass through will enhance the sales price recovery, 
as we have discussed in one of the previous questions from one of the participants. And that is 
why we have given that little lower guideline. And at the same time, additionally, we will also 
continue to spend on our Bhayla site expansion and the ramp-up cost. So, these two factors will 
impact that. 
Jason Soans: 
Sure, thanks, sir. So, 22% to 24% stays the guidance for the India Engineering business. Sure. 
So, one more thing I just wanted to ask you in terms of West Asia crisis also, I mean, of course, 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
it is still not over, but it's kind of like, again, a very hanging kind of situation. So, do you see 
RM prices getting normalized going ahead? What is the outlook on that? 
Maulik Jasani: 
No idea. As of now, no idea, we expect it to be settled down soon. 
Jason Soans: 
And, sir, again, for revenue growth, just wanted your expectations for the Romanian and Chinese 
subsidiaries, what kind of revenue growth are you expecting for FY27? 
Maulik Jasani: 
I think Vishal has already explained. For the subsidiaries, we expect in double-digits and low-
teens. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
So, I will clarify here. Romania, China together will be less than 10%. Harsha, India will be 
more than 15%. So, on an average, between 12% to 15%. 
Jason Soans: 
Okay. Sure. And, sir, just finally wanted to ask you, what is the, I mean, of course, Bhayla CapEx 
is being done, and then the China CapEx also will come on stream in Q3 FY28. So, sir, just what 
is the visibility for the demand from both these entities? You spoke in the last call that, you need 
to have a local entity in China for manufacturing, that is very helpful. So, also just wanted to 
know, what is the visibility of demand for the Bhayla CapEx and the China CapEx separately, 
if you could mention or throw some color on it? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Yes, we feel fairly confident on all investment done in Bhayla. And we are seeing traction on all 
the product lines we are working on in Bhayla. Specifically, if we talk about large size Cages, 
or Stamping components, as well as Bushing. So, we see good visibility and demand coming up 
for our customers for those products. And that's why we are continuing to invest since we 
announced last quarter, 2nd Phase of expansion in Bhayla. On China, again, there is good 
expectation and traction by being local. China being a very good market or very large market 
for Bearings. And we see an opportunity for our quality of Cages to get traction. And so, we 
have a good outlook on both those fronts. Bhayla, we started much earlier. So, we are expecting 
that to ramp up in the next couple of years, whereas China will take at least till towards the 
second, 3rd Quarter FY28 to start production and ramp up in 2029 onward. 
Jason Soans: 
Sure. And just for final clarification, sir, for Bhayla, you said that the revenue target is Rs. 140 
crores for ‘27. Is that right? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Yes. 
Jason Soans: 
Thank you so much for answering my question. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from line of Resham Jain from VBD Asset Managers. Please go 
ahead. 
Resham Jain: 
Yes. Hi. Good evening. First of all, congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, I have two 
specific questions. So, one is on Bhayla ramp-up, given that you have also launched your Phase-

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
2 CapEx before ramping up Phase-1. So, I presume that it is backed by some given potential. 
So, from a ramp-up perspective, how do you see ramp-up for Phase-1 and Phase-2? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
So, yes, I think you rightly mentioned that. Now, we are starting. We started Phase-2 because of 
some of the products in Phase-2 are a little different even though they are Stamping. But Phase-
2 is also in terms of we are seeing what we invested will get filled up in next one year or less 
than one year and then we need to anyway expand further. So, that's what it is catering to. I don't 
have a specific number vis-a-vis Phase-1 and Phase-2. But in the past, we have shared that 
Bhayla, we are expecting that it should give revenue by the third year, roughly about Rs. 300 
crores to Rs. 400 crores. So, that's what we are targeting in coming out of Bhayla combined 
phases. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay, understood. And the other related question is given that most of the incremental growth 
is either coming from India and specifically Bhayla where you have high value-added products 
and China which is more Brownfield and Romania where your loss-to-profit is going to happen. 
So, is it fair to assume that your EBITDA growth will be much higher than revenue and also 
your PAT will be much higher than EBITDA because the Advantek is a low-tax entity. So, is 
this a fair assumption? PAT growth higher than EBITDA, EBITDA growth higher than revenue 
for next 2-3 years? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
I think you are right. At least for this year, it will be very-very remarkable because quarter-over-
quarter Advantek losses will dramatically reduce. Hopefully, if Romania also starts turning 
around, it can definitely be higher. But let's confine ourselves to this year. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay, understood, sir. Thank you so much and all the best. Thank you, Vishal. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like 
to hand the conference over to Mr. Vishal Rangwala for closing comments. 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Great. So, after a long call, thank you very much everyone for attending this call and I hope you 
have a very good evening. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
And we are always available for any clarification. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Harsha Engineers International Limited that concludes this 
conference, thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
