 
 
 
August 20, 2026 
 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: MAXHEALTH 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543220 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Call held on August 14, 2026 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed copy of transcript of earnings conference call, organised on August 14, 2026, on financial results 
of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
The said transcript is also available on the website of the Company at www.maxhealthcare.in/financials#earnings-call. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours truly,  
 
For Max Healthcare Institute Limited 
 
 
 
Dhiraj Aroraa 
EVP - Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
Dhiraj 
Aroraa
Digitally signed 
by Dhiraj Aroraa 
Date: 2026.08.20 
22:06:30 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
Max Healthcare Institute Limited 
Q1 & FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Max Healthcare Institute Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you and over 
to Mr. Poojari. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us on Max 
Healthcare's Q1 FY27 earnings conference call. We have with us Mr. Abhay Soi, 
Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Yogesh Sareen, Group Director and  
Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Keshav Gupta, Group Director, Growth M&A and 
Business Planning of the company. We will begin the call with opening remarks from 
the management, following which we will have the forum open for an interactive 
question-and-answer session. Before we start, I would like to point out that some 
statements made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer 
to this effect has been included in the earnings presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Abhay to make his opening remarks. 
Abhay Soi: 
Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today for Max Healthcare's Q1 
FY27 earnings call.  
We started the financial year with healthy momentum across the Network, recording 
year-on-year growth of 16% in revenue and 15% in operating EBITDA.  
We continued to execute well on our ongoing capacity expansion plans. At Max 
Smart, we have currently operationalized 50% capacity of the 400-bed brownfield 
tower. The remaining 50% beds are expected to be handed over to operations during 
the course of the current quarter. At Nanavati Max, remaining 50 beds will also be 
operationalized in this quarter and work on the Phase 2 expansion has commenced. 
 
Coming to our recent acquisitions, the integration of Max Bhubaneswar into the 
Network is proceeding as planned. The hospital contributed INR 19 crore in revenue 
and INR 2 crore in EBITDA during the post-acquisition period in Q1 FY27, with an 
occupancy of 50% and ARPOB of INR 35,000, both of which provide significant 

 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
levers for growth. Prior to the acquisition, the hospital generated revenues of INR 
154 crore in FY26. Going forward, our focus is on integrating operations, renovating 
infrastructure, upgrading technology, and enhancing clinical programs to turn around 
the hospital over the next 12 months.  
In relation to the Pune greenfield, we have acquired the SPV and it is now a 
subsidiary of the company. 
 
To further strengthen our existing Network, the board has approved a capital 
expenditure of INR 425 crore for a new brownfield tower at Max Vaishali. This will 
add 202 beds to the hospital's existing capacity of 387 beds. The building plans have 
been approved and the construction activities have already commenced. The project 
is expected to be commissioned before FY30. 
 
Alongside our capacity expansion, we continue to strengthen our research and 
academic ecosystem. We have recently established a standalone Max Research 
Centre, marking a landmark milestone in our research journey. Over the years, we 
have built an integrated clinical research ecosystem and have conducted over 750 
clinical trials, completed over 2,200 investigator-initiated studies, published nearly 
3,500 papers in index journals, secured over 30 competitively funded research 
projects, generated patents and established capabilities that translate scientific 
discovery into better patient care. 
 
In recent months, we have also secured several research grants and awards from 
the prestigious institutes including ICMR Centre for Advanced Research in Precision 
Diabetes, the ANRF MAHA MedTech Mission, the DBT European Union Dengue 
Program, and India AI Mission initiatives with the National Cancer Grid, amongst 
others. 
Our research capabilities are complemented by a dedicated education arm, the Max 
Institute of Medical Education (MIME). This institute trains over 12,000 healthcare 
professionals annually, spanning across 180 programs and our postgraduate 
ecosystem has over 600 DNB students across clinical specialties.  
Emboldened by the above and the change in recent guidelines of the National 
Medical Commission, we have decided to embark upon the medical education 
business and have received in-principle approval from the board for the same. We 
believe this to be a significant line of business in years to come. 
 
Now, moving on to the Q1 performance highlights: 

 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
• Average occupancy for the Network continued to be more than 75% despite a 
13% increase in operational bed capacity year-on-year, with most units continuing 
to operate at near optimal capacity.  
• Occupied Bed Days (OBDs) were up by 10% year-on-year and 5% quarter-on-
quarter.  
• Average Length of Stay (ALOS) reduced by 4% over trailing quarter, reflecting 
concerted efforts on this front.  
• Average Revenue Per Occupied Bed (ARPOB) for the quarter stood at INR 
81,900, growing by 5% both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter.  
• Network gross revenue stood at INR 2,982 crore compared to INR 2,574 crore in 
Q1 last year and INR 2,664 crore in previous quarter. This reflects an increase of 
16% year-on-year and 12% quarter-on-quarter.  
Due to the discontinuation of select high-value chemotherapy drugs for 
institutional patients, share of oncology for in-patient revenues dropped to 22% 
from 26% in Q1 FY26. Excluding oncology, gross revenue grew by 20% and 
ARPOB grew by 9% year-on-year.  
• International patient revenue was INR 247 crore, registering a growth of 18% 
year-on-year and accounting for 9% of the revenues from hospitals.  
• Digital revenue from online marketing activities, web-based appointments and 
digital lead management was INR 941 crore, accounting for approximately 32% 
of overall revenue. Website traffic crossed 97 lakh sessions during the quarter, 
growing by 41% year-on-year.  
• Network operating EBITDA stood at INR 704 crore, reflecting a growth of 15% 
year-on-year and 3% quarter-on-quarter.  
• Network operating EBITDA margin was 24.8% for the quarter, compared to 24.9% 
in Q1 FY26 and 26.8% in trailing quarter. The margin was relatively muted due to 
the recent commissioning of new brownfield capacities and the acquisition of 
Kalinga Hospital. 
• Annualized EBITDA per bed for the Network stood at INR 71 lakh, versus INR 68 
lakhs in Q1 FY26 and INR 73 lakhs in the previous quarter.  

 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
• Profit after Tax (PAT) for the Network was INR 357 crore against INR 345 crore 
in Q1 last year and INR 387 crore in the previous quarter.  
• Network generated free cash flows of INR 397 crore during the quarter. INR 386 
crore was deployed towards the acquisition of Kalinga Hospital and Yerawada 
Properties Private Limited and INR 337 crore was invested in on-going capacity 
expansion projects.  
• Net debt for the Network stood at INR 2,384 crore compared to INR 1,908 crore 
at the end of March 2026, while the net debt-to-EBITDA ratio continued to remain 
below 1. The increase during the quarter includes INR 153 crore towards Kalinga 
and the put option liability for the balance stake in Yerawada, which is the Pune 
project.  
• Continuing our effort to support the local communities, we provided free treatment 
to over 56,000 patients from economically weaker sections of the society worth 
INR 78 crore at hospital tariff. We also spent around INR 6 crore towards various 
CSR initiatives during the quarter, which include provision of medical scholarships 
to underprivileged students, promoting maternal and new born health, vocational 
skill training and environmental projects such as pond rejuvenation and tree 
plantations.  
• Both our strategic business units continue to deliver steady growth in revenue and 
profitability:  
i. Max@Home reported revenue of INR 78 crore, reflecting a year-on-year 
growth of 32%. It offers 16 specialized service lines across 15 cities with over 
56% repeat transactions.  
ii. Max Lab reported revenue of INR 58 crore, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 
20%. It provides services in over 60 cities and served over 6 lakh patients 
during the quarter. 
• Now, moving on to the status of our expansion projects coming on stream over 
the next 2 to 3 years: 
i. 
100 beds at Max Lucknow: Additional 100 beds in the existing 468-bed facility 
will be commissioned over the next two quarters.  
ii. 
500 beds at Sector 56 Gurgaon: We expect to start phased commissioning 
of this facility by end of this year.  

 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
iii. 
250 beds at Bhubaneswar: Renovation of existing facility should be 
completed within 12 months.  
iv. 
100 beds at Nagpur: Project work continues to be on track and we expect 
commissioning by FY28.  
v. 
400 beds at Zirakpur, Mohali: Project is on schedule and we expect to 
commission it in FY28.  
vi. 
Onco day care block at Max Dwarka: This is the second phase. Project work 
is complete and we are awaiting occupancy certificate.  
vii. 
260 beds at Dwarka: which is the next phase because Dwarka hospital is 
already running full, will be commissioned by FY30.  
viii. 
200 beds at Pitampura: Project is on track and we expect commissioning in 
FY29.  
ix. 
400 beds at Patparganj: D-wall work has started; we expect commissioning 
by end of FY29. 
x. 
271 beds at Nanavati (Phase 2): Project work has started and will be 
commissioned in FY30.  
xi. 
450 beds at Pune: We have received IOD, project is expected to be 
commissioned by FY30.  
With this, we open the floor for any questions that you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Damayanti Kerai from 
HSBC Securities and Capital Markets (India) Private Limited.   
Damayanti Kerai: 
Hi, good morning and thank you for the opportunity. My first question is, Abhay, if 
you can share your thought around the recent Parliamentary Standing Committee 
recommendation for the healthcare sector. 
Any initial thought on the 
recommendation which came? 
Abhay Soi: 
I think the recent committee report speaks about affordability, but one needs to look 
at another important aspect, which is going to be the need for new hospital beds and 
viability. I think both need to go hand-in-hand. Once you take that equation into 
account, I think wise minds will think otherwise perhaps. 

 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. And are you involved in some of the discussions which could have gone for 
these recommendations or you think it will be more in the future? 
Abhay Soi: 
I don’t think there has been any reach out to hospitals from this committee.  
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. 
Abhay Soi: 
I have read it as much as everybody else. It speaks about certain FDI caps and so 
on. Like I said, I think, it is a sector that we believe requires a lot more capital and 
you need to have an environment, which is both viable and conducive to investments 
for hospitals to be built. This is the 176th report by the committee and I think you 
need to look at it in the balance and I am sure the ministries will look at it in the 
balance. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. Thanks. My second question is your plans for turning around the Kalinga 
Hospital. So, you mentioned around 12 months to set up infra and bring the SOP 
changes etc. So, once these changes are implemented, what is the headroom to 
improve in terms of the profitability profile, ARPOB etc., because at this point of time 
it looks very low compared to the corporate average? So, if you can share your 
thoughts. 
Abhay Soi: 
Yes, because the occupancy is 50% and ARPOB is INR 35,000, we think there is a 
significant headroom for growth in both of these. You should be able to effectively 
have a 50% to 80% enhancement in both of these. And in order to do that, we have 
a current running hospital, so we have a head start. It makes a marginal amount of 
profit but we have to renovate it, get the technology and get the clinical programs.  
We intend to do all of this over the next year or so. And then of course, alongside 
we’ll be building another 200 to 250 beds here. So, we have been through this route 
before, whether in Lucknow or in Noida with our past acquisitions. We have done it 
many times, so it is the same sort of route that we intend to follow. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Got it. Okay. My last question is on Max Smart where you commissioned 50% of 
beds and you mentioned 50% will come this quarter and beyond. So, on the 
commissioned beds, what is the current occupancy and which is the focus segments 
or focused specialties which are offered in this particular unit? 
Abhay Soi: 
So, you have oncology here and the beds that have been opened are running at 80% 
occupancy. It is quite full. And to clarify, most of the remaining beds are going to 
come in this quarter.  

 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
We are expecting a good occupancy over here. Like I said, whatever has been 
opened is already at 80%. But it has been opened in a phased manner through the 
quarter also. I mean, I am talking about half the beds are open now, a lot of them got 
opened in the last one month and as they are coming on stream, they are getting 
occupied. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Got it. Okay. So, one last question before I get back in the queue. So, in terms of 
your insurance empanelment or renegotiations etc., anything pending in near-term 
which are due for renewal or renegotiations etc.? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
Yes, so there are on-going negotiations with GIPSA and some other insurance 
companies. Also, the insurance companies that we had discussion with last time, are 
up for renewal in September-October. So, we hope we will get some price increase 
going forward in the insurance segment. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
September-October is the time, okay, when renewals are due. 
Yogesh Sareen: 
So, last time when we had this stalemate with the insurance companies, we had 
agreed a 6% automatic price revision and that is what is going to happen. Also, on 
the CII side, there has been engagement with the IRDAI and with the insurers as 
well for an automatic increase linked to level of inflation.  
Abhay Soi: 
Yes, at the end of this period, we have an automatic renewal at a price inflation which 
is already built in, which is a part of the previous negotiation.   
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. 6% revision which was earlier agreed upon, that will come into... 
Yogesh Sareen: 
That is right. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. Great. Thanks.   
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Neha Manpuria from BofA Securities.   
Neha Manpuria: 
Yes, thanks for taking my question. Abhay, on the Max Smart beds that we have 
commissioned, given that we have seen such good ramp up in the beds that you 
mentioned that they are already at 80% occupancy, should not the incremental 
EBITDA from these beds be very high and therefore start contributing to EBITDA 
significantly starting from first quarter itself? When should we start seeing that 
EBITDA improvement from these new beds come through? 
Abhay Soi: 
See, what happens is very standard for any new hospital, brownfield or otherwise, 
the trajectory is very simple. First, you ramp up occupancy; you ramp up that 
occupancy using low ARPOB, any ARPOB, whatever is coming your way, but you 

 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
focus on revenue while you are bearing the cost of the place. And as you sort of 
ramp up, you start improving your ARPOBs.  
So, you hit break-even with occupancy and once you do that, you start improving 
your sort of bottom line, everything keeps -- as you kind of distil your payor mix, it 
starts coming down to the bottom line. And we have been through this in Dwarka, 
we have been through it in other brownfields that we have opened up. The trajectory 
is the same. First revenues, and then the profitability starts to flow in.  
So first, the occupancy will be high, revenue ramp up will be lower relatively and 
EBITDA ramp up will be lower even more so relatively. Then the second thing that 
starts happening, your revenue ramp up moves beyond your occupancy ramp up 
and your EBITDA starts picking up and then your EBITDA ramp up is going to 
overtake your revenue ramp up as well. So, it is a standard operating book as far as 
occupancy is concerned. So, over the next couple of quarters, you will see that. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay. So, in which case, when do I start seeing the revenue ramp up and EBITDA 
ramp up? Like you said, couple of quarters, should that start happening let us say by 
third quarter, fourth quarter or is it a little more phased out in your view? 
Abhay Soi: 
No, by the second or third quarter of operations. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Understood. And my second question is on Max Nanavati. I think you mentioned that 
the remaining 50 beds would be operational. Could you give us some colour on how 
the beds that we have commissioned are doing and Phase 2, when do we expect to 
start that, given that we have just starting activity, so when that should be ready and 
commissioned? 
Abhay Soi: 
So, the Phase 1, whatever beds we opened up is at about 80% occupancy. We are 
waiting for the 50-odd beds which are remaining. Soon as they come up, hopefully 
we will have that occupancy also. It is a little further out on the trajectory compared 
to Max Smart in the sense that there is already a significant pickup of occupancy 
happened before revenue and now EBITDA sort of catching up and is going to 
surpass that soon. So, we are already at that curve and with respect to the second 
phase, what that means is we need to kind of shut 100-odd beds over there which 
we have and we have started the work on our second phase. That will take us about 
2.5 years. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay. So, if I remember correctly, Max Nanavati was lower on the margins because 
of the beds, the type of patients that we were able to serve and the limitation on 
capacity. So, the improvement in Max Nanavati should therefore come once the 

 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Phase 2 comes through, meaningful EBITDA improvement, or you start expecting 
that it to catch up with the corporate average, let's say, with the Phase 1 itself? 
Abhay Soi: 
No, with the Phase 1 itself. We have already seen a ramp up over there, so you will 
have that. I mean, it is very high ARPOB business, our EBITDA is already sort of 
ramping up and we will get there.  
Neha Manpuria: 
All right. Thank you so much.   
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Viraj Shah from PGIM India Mutual Fund.   
Viraj Shah: 
So, I just have one question. If you could explain a bit about the changes proposed 
in the National Medical Commission with respect to you guys setting up the medical 
colleges, what is the kind of capital commitment or what are you seeing in this area 
specifically? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
So, basically, there has been a draft notification to say that now even for-profit 
companies can open medical colleges. Before that, the regulation was that it is only 
not-for-profit enterprises which can, get open medical colleges. So, I think with that 
draft change, which we assume will also become the law, for-profit companies can 
also open medical colleges. 
 
Now, we have done some back-of-the-envelope calculations and our take is that for 
a 150-seat medical college, you need around INR 300 crore of spend. This will be 
generally in the existing hospitals, right? For example, we have a 27-acre campus in 
Lucknow, so our plan is to start one at Lucknow and then maybe come to the other 
hospitals where we have vast pieces of land and try to create the infrastructure there. 
Viraj Shah: 
And just from understanding perspective, what would be the kind of margins which 
one can make via this for-profit medical area? 
Abhay Soi: 
We are seeing ROCEs of more than 25%. I mean, you have been following the recent 
NEET incident, you are aware that less than 2% of students who qualify for NEET 
exams find places in medical colleges. I think this is the Government's impetus to 
increase seats in medical colleges. Previously, for-profit organizations were kind of 
curtailed from doing so. 
 
Also, there were restrictions on the sort of charges which could be applied, to 
hospitals attached to medical colleges, as well as the kind of wards required. There 
were some infrastructure limitations as well that were there in the previous 
guidelines, and all of that has been removed. 

 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
 
Now, effectively what that means is that if you have a hospital, you are permitted to 
have a certain number of seats for medical education attached to it. So, the 
prerequisite for this business becomes to have a hospital because the students have 
to train in the hospital. The second thing is that at the back end, we are already 
training DNB students, so we are already teaching MBBS students. 
 
Once you become a doctor, you come and train in, we already have the faculties, we 
have the curriculums and so on. So, for us, it is very natural, it is almost backward 
integration for us to get into medical education. We have the campuses in multiple 
locations in Delhi, Lucknow, Bhubaneswar, and in other places because, we have 
the lands, and we intend to get into this business. We are seeing a more than 25% 
to 30% ROCE at present and we intend to do this at scale. 
Viraj Shah: 
Understood. That is great. Thanks a lot.   
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bino Pathiparampil from Elara Securities 
(India) Private Limited.   
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Hi. Good morning. Just couple of quick questions. One, you have taken this Board 
approval for additional tower of 200 beds in Vaishali. If I look at your earlier 
presentations, there were already 200 beds scheduled for FY29 in Vaishali. Is it the 
same or is it a fresh tower? 
Abhay Soi: 
It is the same one. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Same, okay. Second, you made this acquisition in Bhubaneswar, Kalinga. After that, 
we have seen some litigations started immediately after that with the previous 
promoter. So, could you briefly describe what this is about? 
Keshav Gupta: 
They were not the promoters; these are the minority shareholders of 39% equity. 
This is a group that sits outside India. They have their own issues; they have 
liquidation proceedings going on against themselves and their parent setup in UAE 
market. Their shares as per our legal counsels are not transactable. Their request or 
suggestion is to buy their shares also as part of the transaction, which we are okay 
to, and they have gone to the court that we should buy their shares. And our counter 
is that your shares are as of now untouchable, please get us a court order to buy 
them. That is the discussion going on. There is no issue on the promoters’ side. We 
have bought the shares from the promoters and we have the full control of the 
company. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Understood. Thank you very much. 

 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Karan Vora from Goldman Sachs.   
Karan Vora: 
Thank you for taking my question. So, the first one is with respect to the educational 
institution. So, we have highlighted in the past that, you know, doctors or availability 
of doctors is not an issue, but is getting into medical education coming from the fact 
that, you know, maybe 5 years or 7 years down the line when all the large chains 
would have expanded meaningfully, we might see a shortage of doctors and is that 
a response to that so that in the future we do not face such an issue? 
 
And also, this whole thing will be a part of the consol listco, right? The whole medical 
college setup. That is the first question. 
Abhay Soi: 
Absolutely, it is all going to be a part of the list co. There are no leakages over there 
and 100% of the economic interest is going to be sitting here. 
 
With respect to supply of doctors, this is a little too far out for that. What happens is 
that you get a good stream of resident doctors, DNB doctors to start with. I mean, 
obviously there is no bond which makes them sort of continue with us at a later stage 
if they get better opportunities somewhere else. 
 
For us, growth is an imperative, because if you do not grow tomorrow, you do not 
give opportunities of career growth to your clinicians as well as management, then 
you are going to have a problem, people will move out. So, I think, all those things 
are bound to happen. But it gives you a good base of quality resident doctors and 
DNBs who come to your fold. 
Karan Vora: 
Okay. Got it. The second question is with respect to CGHS benefits. So, are we on 
track to that INR 140 crore number for this year and how much have we realized in 
Q1? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
So, we are on track in the sense that the number is flowing ever since. So, there was 
some left out part which was the super specialty rates, that has also started to flow 
from June onwards. 
Karan Vora: 
Got it. So, are we like 140 divided by 4 kind of a run rate? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
From June onwards, yes. 
Karan Vora: 
Okay. Got it. And the last thing is maybe one request. So, like till last quarter we used 
to give the regional disclosure, so that used to be really helpful to, you know, 
understand what is happening in different states for us. So, maybe if we can reinstate 

 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
that from the next quarter, it would be helpful. That is just a request. And also, if 
possible, to share for this quarter as well. 
Abhay Soi: 
The reason that we sort of pulled it out is because of say, if I give East, then it is 
Bhubaneswar. There is only one hospital that we have over there.  
Keshav Gupta: 
There was too much tactical information at the hospital level, particularly because 
some states currently have only one setup as of now and given that it is competition 
sensitive data. Maybe we can give some part of it as ‘Others’.  
Karan Vora: 
Thank you. 
Abhay Soi: 
We want to avoid giving solo hospital data. 
Karan Vora: 
Sure. That is fine. Yeah. Maybe ‘Others’ is a good idea.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vivek Agrawal from Citigroup.   
Vivek Agrawal: 
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. In IP revenue growth actually, if we look at non-
onco business has done well, but onco business continues to remain under pressure 
and some kind of challenges. So, just want to understand when are you expecting 
the growth of onco segment back to earlier level or maybe let's say the industry 
peers? Thank you. And second part is that why we are seeing significant issues only 
in Max while the peers are reporting healthy numbers, especially in onco? Thank 
you. 
Yogesh Sareen: 
So, one is that oncology will start to normalize from Q3 onwards. Since mid of Q3 
FY26 is when we took this action of not supplying / using the ORC drugs for the 
institutional patients, after the new MOU was signed in October 2025. So, that means 
Q4 onwards it will be fully normalized and Q3 it will start to normalize. Secondly, the 
fact is that our franchise from oncology was the largest and we had 25% plus 
revenues coming from oncology. So, to that extent the impact was also higher for us. 
Also, we had the highest amount of institutional business and the largest share in 
terms of CGHS because of our presence in Delhi. So, that is the reason you see 
more impact here in Max. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Perfect. And second question is related to your payor mix. We have seen that again 
institutional share has come down this year. So, going forward, how we should look 
at the share of institutional revenues? Is it going to go back, let's say earlier level 
22% or so or is it going to come down meaningfully even from here on?   
Abhay Soi: 
No, it is coming down. 

 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Yogesh Sareen: 
Yeah. So, it is a result of a concerted effort. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Understood. Thank you.   
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from ICICI 
Securities Limited.   
Abdulkader Puranwala: Hi. And thank you for the opportunity. So, first is a follow-up on, you know, the 
CGHS question. So, with the reimbursements now other hospitals are also talking 
about, you know, that not being profitable. Have you guys along with, you know, 
other hospitals started to approach the Government and the CGHS guys to roll this 
back to the previous levels? 
Abhay Soi: 
I think, the institutional business has never been profitable. It contributes to fixed 
costs. I mean, if you are going to continuously only rely on this business, then you 
will have a continuing issue in any case. And a little bit of up-down keeps happening, 
there is lumpiness on payments, etc., but this is a to and fro. 
It is part of the business, right? I mean, we are not particularly concerned about that. 
What the issue is that on an overall basis, it is not a profitable business, it is a loss-
making business, but it contributes to fixed costs. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: Understood. Got it. And, you know, there were certain media articles highlighting 
that the insurance companies have been now trying to dictate the terms at which 
patients, you know, get admitted and the kind of care should be offered. So, with our 
interactions with insurance companies, you know, are they kind of pressing little 
harder on this aspect and if at all, you know, especially in the seasons of fever and 
flu which might happen in this quarter, has there been any kind of an occupancy 
impact which you have seen so far? 
Abhay Soi: 
So, firstly, we are not seeing any occupancy impact, but more importantly you have 
to understand what the role of a hospital is. A hospital does not admit a patient, a 
doctor admits a patient. I mean, this is a matter between the insurance companies 
and clinicians. Now, if a doctor says admit the patient, we admit the patient. If he 
says admission not required, we cannot admit the patient. 
 
There is a protocol eventually, I mean, we are only providing the logistics, 
infrastructure and services for it. Once the patient is admitted, the call to admit or not 
to admit the patient lies solely with the doctors. And eventually if the insurance 
companies are able to kind of standardize that in some manner with the doctors, so 
be it. I mean, eventually the IMA, the medical council has to agree. 

 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Abdulkader Puranwala: Got it. And so, between say just on a bookkeeping question, between quarter one 
of this year versus last year, would it be fair to assume that, you know, the overheads 
of the new hospitals along with the onco drugs getting discontinued may have say 
up to INR 100 crore to INR 150 crore kind of an impact on your EBITDA? 
Abhay Soi: 
No. We have not really looked at it in that fashion, but what happens is, let's say if 
you are opening a 400-bed hospital, you are going to staff that hospital and when 
you open the first 20 beds, obviously, the 20 beds are not absorbing it. But it is a 
brownfield, maybe the first 50 beds or 100 beds absorbs it and then as you sort of 
go further, all of it drops to the bottom line. 
 
Of course, your break-even for a brownfield is much lower than a greenfield, but your 
cost will sort of move up in line with that. But it is a matter of a quarter here or a 
quarter there. You cannot look at it as cost going up. I mean, if you do not have the 
cost going up going forward in the next quarter or so, you are not going to have the 
revenues coming through either. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: Sure, sir. Got it. 
Abhay Soi: 
I mean, if I have to open a hospital tomorrow, I have to staff it today. So, I am carrying 
that cost. So, this is not extra cost. This will yield and you will see it yielding now. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: Sure. Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ashutosh Kumar Jha from Balyasny 
Asset Management.   
Ashutosh Kumar Jha: Hi. So, I just had a question around the bookkeeping of free cash flow. The EBITDA 
seems to have grown by 15%, however your free cash flow, operating free cash flow 
seems to have grown by 3%. A similar trend is observable at the EPS level. Can you 
just explain what is the bridge between the two that is causing this? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
Basically, there has been a movement in the accounts receivable (AR). There is a 
lumpiness in the collections when it comes to CGHS and other PSUs. DSO is up 
from 87 days to 95 days. So, in a way there is a build-up of AR of around INR 250 
crore in this quarter compared to Q4 last year. So, that has in a way eaten into the 
into the free cash flow conversion because this absorbs the working capital changes 
also. 
 
And also, you would have seen that the effective tax rate (ETR) has gone up a bit. 
So, tax outflows have also gone up compared to last quarter. So, that is the reason 

 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
why you find cash flows to be lower. We generally like it to be in the range of 62% to 
65%, but this time it is around 56% and it is mainly because of the AR. 
Ashutosh Kumar Jha: Understood, sir. And do we expect this to normalize in the coming years? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
Yes. I mean, it should. CGHS has a new portal now and the new portal was not 
processing bills. Now, we have started to see collections from the new portal and we 
do think that this should come down going forward. 
Ashutosh Kumar Jha: Thank you, sir. That was all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sidharth Negandhi from Chanakya 
Wealth Creation.   
Sidharth Negandhi: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Just two questions. How are you looking at the viability 
of your expansion plans in light of the Parliamentary Committee's report? Does that 
sort of bring anything back to the table, does that require you to reassess any of 
those? And on the college business, do you also expect to start postgraduate 
colleges given that, you know, onco specialty is really a big source of revenue for 
you? And how are you planning to fund this and when can we see this sort of start 
commercial operations? Yeah. Those were my questions. 
Abhay Soi: 
I think you will see starting of commercial operations of medical colleges over the 
next few years. We would obviously be open to doing any meaningful acquisition if 
it is available to kick-start our process sooner than that as well. We intend to fund it 
entirely through internal accruals. Yes, we intend to start PG courses, so no doubt 
on that front. And what was the other question?  
Sidharth Nigandhi: 
The Parliamentary Committee report on viability.  
Abhay Soi: 
The Parliamentary Committee report does not put any thoughts or reassessment of 
expansion plans. My belief is that, eventually, you have to believe any sort of policy 
will be rational. We are efficient providers of healthcare. If there is going to be any 
sort of risk-free return available and it is going to be a viable proposition for anybody 
to set up hospitals, we believe we will have superior returns relative to that.  
And therefore if, tomorrow God forbids you have such a situation, hopefully it will 
become an opportunity for consolidation for us. So, we are focused on providing best 
of healthcare and being the most efficient. Eventually, any policy has to cater to the 
mean, not to the outliers. And I believe as far as efficiency is concerned; we are 
outliers. 

 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Sidharth Nigandhi: 
Got it. And just one more thing on the direct costs. Are most of the direct costs 
increases, while that is a very marginal one, are most of those because of the 
increase in crude and hence the possible increase in your consumable prices or are 
is this not given you any significant impact on the direct costs? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
No, there is not much of an impact. I mean, we have seen some impact in the indirect 
costs, but not much on the direct cost side.  
Abhay Soi:  
It has contributed historically to some delays in materials, when you are importing 
furniture for hospitals from overseas and so on, but a lot of that delays are behind 
us. 
Keshav Gupta 
It is coming from the point that our revenue has grown by 15% and direct cost has 
grown by 16%. That 1% is because of the clinician costs really. 
Sidharth Nigandhi: 
Okay. So, no impact on account of all the crude prices and therefore the consumable 
price increases etcetera, that is not really happening much. 
Abhay Soi: 
That is right. And the good part about increase in clinician costs is that over a period 
of time as your revenues ramp up, they kind of normalize. 
Sidharth Nigandhi: 
Sure, sure. Thank you so much. This is helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ankur, individual investor.   
Ankur: 
Hello. So, my question is with regards to the opportunity in the market, right? You 
previously alluded there is a long runway to growth over the next few decades, right? 
And we also see in the market there is a huge supply-demand gap for private hospital 
beds and the consumer preference as well is, you know, towards private hospitals.  
Given that context, right, what is your view if we look at let's say two decades from 
now, 15-20 years, do you think the top two, three, four hospital chains in India, they 
can each be a size of 100,000 beds? Is that something which is viable according to 
you? 
Abhay Soi: 
In how many years? 
Ankur: 
In 20 years, two decades. 
Abhay Soi: 
No. I do not think that will be the case because what that would mean is you have at 
least for the top three players, you will be building about 300,000 beds. The total 
number of beds in India right now are 100,000.  

 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
It means building 300,000 beds over two decades. My belief is that, that kind of 
execution capabilities, that kind of capital which is required, is going to be a big 
challenge. I do not see any player becoming 10x in two decades. 
Ankur: 
So that would imply we will always have this demand-supply gap between, you know, 
what the consumer wants and the availability, right? 
Abhay Soi: 
Yes, the largest hospital chain is 10-11,000 beds. For them to be 100,000 beds, they 
need to be 10x their size. That means I need to be 20 times my size. Okay, I do not 
see building 20x my size. So, you need all the FDI, you need all the investments, 
you need it to be viable for the next person who is setting up a hospital - he is buying 
land, he is doing construction cost at that point of time and so on, right. 
Ankur: 
So, your growth rate, right, you have been like doubling your capacity of your -- you 
are on a trend of doubling capacity every four, five years. So at least do you foresee 
this continuing for next 15-20 years, that trend continuing? 
Abhay Soi:  
Absolutely. So, I mean, if that you are looking at from 5,000 beds, I will get to 10,000, 
10 to 20K, 20 to 40K at best, right? Anyways, I mean, I am just crystal ball gazing. 
We have no specific plans as such, we are looking at increasing capacity as much 
as we can and investing in whatever cash flows we have in the sector. 
Ankur: 
Okay. And in terms of your ARPOB growth, right, we have seen 7% to 8% which is 
like you said a couple of percentage points above the rate of inflation. Again, that 
trend you see for going forward the next 10-15 years, that trend continuing? 
Abhay Soi: 
Look, hospital growth, top line ARPOB growth will always be superior to inflation 
because whatever real growth happens in terms of novel treatments, technology, 
etc. that is a part of ARPOB. So ARPOB is not only inflation. I mean, if inflation 
continues, hopefully innovations will continue in the sector in years to come, like it 
has for the past century. So, then you should have the same outcome. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ankur, I will request to come back for a follow-up question. Next question 
is from the line of Saurabh Kapadia from Sundaram Mutual Fund.   
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. Just one question on the institutional patient bed 
share which has now come off this quarter versus previous quarter. But how we 
should look at this number given upcoming bed additions, capacity additions that we 
are doing? 
Abhay Soi: 
We added capacity, and yet you have seen it come down. So, I think, trend-wise that 
should continue. Unless we acquire significant capacities, then that is a different ball 

 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
game, but as far as this present infrastructure is concerned, I think this trend of 
reduction perhaps will continue. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak Institutional 
Equities.   
Alankar Garude: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, we have seen a sharp sequential increase in 
operating expenses even if we adjust for Bhubaneswar. While you will be adding 
incremental beds at Nanavati and Smart, would it be fair to say that we will not see 
any material increase in opex till Gurugram comes up? 
Abhay Soi: 
That is right. So rather than Max Bhubaneswar, the large increase in indirect cost is 
due to the new capacities, which have been operationalised at Mohali, Nanavati and 
Smart. I mean, that along with Bhubaneswar has caused the big increase in indirect 
costs. And yes, I think you will not see any significant increase and you will see 
increase in revenue and therefore you will see a higher amount of EBITDA flow 
through. I mean, if that is what your point was. 
Alankar Garude: 
Yeah, yeah, that was the point. And similarly, Abhay, if you can comment on net debt 
as well. Would it be fair to say that net debt has peaked out at current levels? 
Abhay Soi: 
It is still lower than one in terms of net debt-to-EBITDA. And if we can get to 2.5x by 
doing acquisitions or whatever else, we would be happy to go to 2.5x net debt-to-
EBITDA. 
Alankar Garude: 
Yeah, but barring any acquisitions, it should come down from current levels. Would 
that be fair to say? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
Yeas. I mean, we have an ongoing capex plan, so we are spending money at 
Shaheed Path, INR 425 crore approval, etc. So, I would say whatever cash we 
generate, we will obviously consume that and maybe we will also take some loan to 
finance the projects, so this net debt will marginally go up if you asking at the end of 
the year.  
Abhay Soi: 
It really depends on what kind of cash flows we are throwing out. I mean, at present, 
I mean, if you look at three to four years down the line, effectively you should have 
funded your capex and paid down the debt. 
Alankar Garude: 
Fair enough. The second question was, can you provide some colour on how the 
three acquisitions have been doing? It is been almost two and a half years -- two, 

 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
two and a half years now for Lucknow, Noida, and Nagpur. Any qualitative insights 
there would be helpful. 
Abhay Soi: 
First and foremost is the fact that we are expanding these capacities, because what 
we acquired, if you recall, were operating at low occupancy levels. So, you have 
seen very high ramp up in occupancy, obviously very high ramp up in revenues and 
profitability, and now we are moving towards capacity expansion in all three. And 
that brownfield capacity expansion leads straight to the bottom line. So, I think 
qualitatively, all three have been successful from that standpoint. I mean, it has been 
to our playbook honestly.  
Alankar Garude: 
Okay, okay, got it. And one final one, can you update us on the status of Shaheed 
Path as well as Thane? 
Keshav Gupta: 
For Thane, the regulatory approvals are coming in. We have got stage one approval 
for the overall master plan for the site and we have to submit specific building plan 
drawings now. For Shaheed Path, we have prepared their drawings, we are 
discussing with the authorities and we will submit them after we have the broad 
clearance on the concept. For both projects after the approval, which is another six 
months from now, after that they will take about 30 to 36 months for delivery. 
Alankar Garude: 
Got it. That is helpful. That’s it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. 
I will now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Abhay Soi: 
Thank you everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your time and look forward 
to interacting with you again next quarter. Appreciated. Thank you. 
 Disclaimer:  
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. 
The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high 
level of accuracy 
 
