 
 
RADICO KHAITAN LIMITED 
Corporate Office: Plot No. J-l, Block B-1, Mohan Co-op. Industrial area 
Mathura Road, New Delhi-110044 
Ph: (91-11) 4097 5444/555  
Registered Office: Rampur Distillery, Bareilly Road, Rampur-244901 (UP.) 
Phones: 0595-2350601/2, 0595-2350009 
E-mail: info@radico.co.in, website: www.radicokhaitan.com 
CIN No.: L26941UP1983PLC027278 
 
 RKL/SX/2026-27/48                                                                                                       August 05, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 532497 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Symbol: RADICO 
 
Subject : Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
Ref. 
: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”) 
  
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter no. RKL/SX/2026-27/38 dated July 17, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 
30 of the Listing Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
for Analysts and Investors held on July 29, 2026, for Quarter ended June 30, 2026.  
 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
being 
disseminated 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
https://radicokhaitan.com/investor-relations/  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Radico Khaitan Limited 
 
 
 
Dinesh Kumar Gupta 
Senior Vice President - Legal & Company Secretary  
 
Email Id: investor@radico.co.in  
Encl.: as above 
 
Dinesh 
Kumar 
Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Dinesh Kumar 
Gupta 
Date: 2026.08.05 
12:49:49 +05'30'

P a g e | 0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Radico Khaitan Limited 
  
       (BSE: 532497; NSE: RADICO) 
 
First Quarter FY2027  
Earnings Conference call 
July 29, 2026 
 
 
 
Management Participants: 
 
Mr. Abhishek Khaitan, Managing Director 
Mr. Dilip Banthiya, Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Sanjeev Banga, President – International Business 
Mr. Sudhir Upadhyay, Chief Sales Officer 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
1 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Presentation: 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Radico Khaitan 
Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj Menon. Over 
to you, sir. 
 
Before we begin our presentation, I would like to remind you that some of 
the statements made in today’s conference call may be forward-looking in 
nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to the last slide 
of our earnings presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
Manoj Menon: 
Hi, everyone. It's a wonderful good evening to all of you. Today, we 
have with us Mr. Abhishek Khaitan - Managing Director; Mr. Dilip 
Banthiya - Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Sanjeev Banga - President of 
International Business; and Mr. Sudhir Upadhyay - Chief Sales Officer, 
all representing Radico. 
Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Abhishek Khaitan for his 
opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us 
on Radico Khaitan's Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call.  
We are pleased to report another strong quarter carrying forward the 
momentum from FY2026. During Q1 FY27, we reported highest ever 
quarterly volume of 10 million cases, revenue of Rs. 1,684 crores and 
EBITDA of Rs. 348 crores. 
 
Our performance was driven by the continued success of our 
premiumization strategy with our P&A portfolio delivering 36% volume 
growth during the quarter and significantly outpacing the industry.  
Despite a dynamic global environment, marked by geopolitical 
uncertainties and supply chain challenges, we expanded our operating 
margins through a richer product mix, disciplined cost management 
and continued operational excellence. 

 
 
 
 
 
2 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
The quarter was also a strong demonstration of our ability to translate 
strategy into execution. Alongside robust business performance, we 
expanded the distribution of our luxury portfolio, strengthened brand 
advocacy through consumer experiences, significantly enhanced our 
on-trade presence and forged strategic partnerships that will support 
long-term brand equity. These initiatives reinforce our confidence that 
the investments we continue to make behind our brands are creating 
a stronger and more sustainable platform for future growth. 
 
Turning to our brand portfolio, we believe India's vodka category has 
entered a multiyear structural growth phase, driven by changing 
consumer preferences, favorable demographics, premiumization and 
evolving consumption occasions. India's vodka category has grown at 
over 20% CAGR between FY22 and FY26, significantly ahead of broader 
IMFL growth. 
 
While vodka accounts for nearly 28% of the global spirits market, its 
share in the Indian IMFL industry has increased from 4.6% in Q1 FY26 
to 6.1% in Q1 FY27. This highlights the accelerating pace of category 
development and the significant headroom that remains. 
 
Magic Moments continues to lead the category with over 60% market 
share and an even stronger position in its core price segment. The 
brand delivered a landmark performance during the quarter with 3.25 
million cases at a growth rate of 43% year-on-year. In value terms, the 
growth was 51%, indicating a strong premiumization trend. The 
performance was driven by strong consumer acceptance and our 
flavor-led innovation strategy. Flavored vodka today accounts for 75% 
of our volumes, up from 65% last year.  
Vodka also offers attractive unit economics supported by lower 
production costs and significant premiumization potential, making it 
one of the most attractive long-term growth categories within the 
Indian Alcobev industry. Going forward, we will continue to focus on 
new flavor innovation to drive the industry and sustain strong growth 
in our portfolio.  
Across our broad premium portfolio, Royal Ranthambore, 8PM 
Premium Black and After Dark Blue continue to build strong consumer 
traction, each supported by differentiated brand building initiatives. 
 
The limited edition Royal Ranthambore Pack has been well received 
with its storytelling around India's six legendary tigers, strengthening 

 
 
 
 
 
3 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
the 
brand's 
premium 
positioning 
while 
supporting 
wildlife 
conservation.  
8PM Premium Black gained further momentum during the quarter, 
supported by its partnership with Sunrisers Hyderabad in the recent 
IPL season. Improved brand visibility and strong consumer acceptance 
contributed to a healthy increase in market share in key markets. 
 
The recently introduced contemporary packaging for After Dark 
whiskey is expected to further enhance the brand's premium appeal 
and support market share gains in the largest whisky segment of the 
industry.  
Looking ahead, we expect our P&A portfolio to deliver over 25% 
volume growth during FY27, supported by a robust innovation 
pipeline, expanding distribution and favorable industry trends. With 
premium brands accounting for an increasing share of our business, 
we remain confident of sustaining EBITDA margin of around 20% for 
FY27 while continuing to invest behind our brands and strengthen our 
long-term competitive position. 
 
With that, I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO, Dilip 
Banthiya, for a detailed review of our financial and operational 
performance. Thank you, everyone, and over to you, Dilip. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on this call 
today.  
FY2027 has started with strong financial momentum as we continue to 
deliver higher profitability, margin expansion, improved returns and 
strong cash generation. Our performance is a testament to the 
strength of our business model, driven by premiumization, operating 
leverage, input cost stability and a persistent focus on disciplined 
execution and capital allocation. 
 
During Q1 FY27, we delivered a strong all-round performance with 
total IMFL volume of 10 million cases, reflecting 3% year-on-year 
growth. The Prestige & Above category continued its strong upward 
trajectory, recording 36% volume growth. This performance was 
supported by strong brand momentum and premiumization-led mix 
improvement.  Regular volume degrowth was due to a higher base of 
Q1 FY26 after the change in the route to market in the state of Andhra 
Pradesh and the impact of policy changes in Maharashtra and 
Karnataka. 

 
 
 
 
 
4 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
On profitability front, gross margin during the quarter was 49.1%, 
representing 610 basis point expansion on year-on-year basis and 110 
basis point expansion on quarter-on-quarter basis. Gross margin 
improved on year-on-year basis due to relatively benign raw material 
scenario coupled with ongoing premiumization. Raw material 
accounted for 75 basis points of gross margin expansion during the 
quarter. This is despite the recent volatility in the packing material 
prices, which resulted in approximately Rs. 30 crores of financial 
impact. While the Company continues to monitor the West Asia crises, 
we are confident of our margin expansion trajectory in FY27. 
Furthermore, the impact of price increase in Q1 FY27 is about 75 basis 
points. 
 
EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at 20.7%, expanding by 536 basis 
points year-on-year to its highest-ever level. This strong improvement 
reflects the success of our premiumization strategy, better operating 
efficiencies and continued cost discipline. It also highlights the benefit 
of our consistent investment in building a strong premium and luxury 
brand portfolio over the years. 
 
Building on our strong financial performance, both ROE and ROCE 
improved during the quarter, supported by higher operating profit 
and better asset utilization. As the premium and luxury portfolio 
continue to expand, we expect our capital efficiency and return ratios 
to further improve.  
Further strengthening our financial position, we have reduced our net 
debt by Rs. 138 crores since March 2026, supported by a healthy 
profitability and robust cash generation. Our balance sheet remains 
strong and we are on track to become net debt free by Q2 FY27. We 
remain disciplined in our approach to capital allocation with capex 
directed towards maintenance, operational efficiencies and essential 
capacity optimization. 
 
Looking ahead, our priorities remains clear: driving profitable growth, 
maintaining a strong balance sheet, improved capital efficiency and 
creating long-term shareholder value.  
With that, we now open the lines for questions. 
Question & Answer Session: 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Aditya Soman from 
CLSA India Private Limited. Please go ahead.  

 
 
 
 
 
5 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Aditya Soman: 
So, two questions from me. One, can you give us a sense of growth for 
key luxury brands like Rampur, maybe Royal Ranthambore and any 
others you want to call out? And then the total sort of luxury brand 
sales, and if you can give us some sense of the growth on these 
brands? And the second question is on the margins. Obviously, very 
strong performance in this quarter. How do you see these margins 
sort of sustain and evolve from here? Any sense on that, particularly if, 
let's say, ENA costs were to rise again down the line? And corollary to 
that is how much of a connection is there to ENA cost anymore given 
that you're selling about more P&A products? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
To answer your first question on the luxury portfolio, last year, we had 
a total turnover of about Rs. 475 crores, which came from our luxury 
portfolio. And we gave a guidance of 25% increase in the sales value of 
our luxury portfolio. And I think we are on target to achieve the 25% 
growth in our luxury portfolio. And secondly about your margin 
question, we've already given guidance that we are confident of 
achieving 20% EBITDA margin in the current year where there will be 
pluses, there can be minuses. But overall, we feel because of our 
strong momentum of growth in the P&A segment, we should be able 
to sustain these margins. 
Aditya Soman: 
I think on the second question, just a quick follow-up. Again, I saw the 
guidance on the 25% growth. My question was, do you think this is the 
right level of 20% margin. Do you think this is the right level of margin 
on a steady-state basis? Or do you think there's still room for further 
expansion? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
What we had guided [for 2-3 years], we have achieved in one year. I 
think first, we are looking at 20%. And when we come closer to the 
year, more clarity will come. So, I think as of now, we stick to the 20% 
EBITDA margin for the current year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhiraj Mistry from Jefferies. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
My first question is on Morpheus whisky that we launched in prestige 
segment. Where are we in our journey? And how that brand has been 
scaling up now? 
Sudhir Upadhyay: 
Morpheus whisky is launched in quite a competitive segment, which is 
large enough. So, the brand is right now, we have launched in around 
10 to 12 states. We have initial traction, but I think it's a journey which 

 
 
 
 
 
6 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
will go on because it's a competitive segment. So, you'll still wait and 
watch for the results to come for Morpheus. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
And how is the initial response, let's say, whatever you have gathered 
from the 10 states, are you gaining or let's say, how is the consumer 
traction from this brand? 
Sudhir Upadhyay: 
See, the way we work on, we completely believe in the distribution 
part, we believe in the full strategy. So, distribution has been done. 
There is a positive side of traction, which is there from consumer in 
some of the markets. And we know that it will take some amount of 
time in seeding. So as of now, it is positive, and we will keep on pushing 
the brand. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Got it. And in line with that question, in this current financial year, 
which would be the wide gaps you would like to fill in your portfolio? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
In the current fiscal, there will be more innovation, which will be 
coming in the vodka side of new flavors being added. In the current 
year itself, we will be getting our tequila also. So, these would be the 
few items. And rest, we have enough brands on our platter and 
enough growth, which now has started taking shape like the Royal 
Ranthambore, Virasat Indian Single Malt, which has got a huge 
response from the market. So, I think we are going to concentrate in 
the current year on all these brands. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Got it. And second question is on margin front. So, 20.7% margin is 
quite excellent. But can you divide this margin between your non-IMFL 
business and IMFL business for the quarter? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Non-IMFL business margin is around 11 to 11.5% and the IMFL margin 
is 23% plus. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Got it. But is this 11%, 11.5% for non-IMFL business is sustainable, 
because historically, there has been quite volatile performance, let's 
say, from mid-single digit to high single digit usually we report and 
compared to that 11% looks high. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Generally, the margin used to be in the range of 8% to 11% in the past, 
but because of some inflationary pressure two years back, the margin 
came down to mid-single digit to 6% to 7%. But we feel that these are 
sustainable margins in the non-IMFL business. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Got it. And last question from my end is on capital allocation, given 
that we have only Rs. 100 crores of debt and we would be virtually 

 
 
 
 
 
7 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
become debt free next quarter onwards. And I know that you have 
already announced 20% dividend payout policy. But after incurring Rs. 
150 crores to Rs. 200 crores of capex also, there would be substantial 
money would be left on the table. What's your future plan for that? 
Let's say, you would be increasing your dividend payout ratio or would 
do some capex or acquisition on that front? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See, right now, we have made a target of becoming a debt-free 
company, which we are going to become a debt-free company. Last 
quarter, we also announced a minimum dividend distribution policy of 
20%. So, I think on becoming debt-free and the cash coming, we will 
go for any acquisition only if it makes sense to the shareholders 
because if you see the history of Radico, we have always grown 
organically. So as of now, our maintenance capex would be in the 
range of Rs. 150 crores to Rs. 170 crores. And rest of the money as the 
Board decides, we will be doing that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Just had two questions. One was on After Dark. The brand has done 
exceptionally well since you relaunched it a few years back. I was just 
trying to understand that given that the trajectory has been very 
strong even last two years, what prompted a kind of repackaging 
relaunch kind of strategy because it was doing very well. Is it centered 
around certain markets that you think that refresh was needed? A little 
bit more color on that would be helpful. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See, this After Dark segment is one of the largest segments. Last year, 
we reported a growth of 60% in volumes. We sold more than 3 million 
cases. And we have done a total internal study with the research. And 
then we have come out with this beautiful After Dark Blue, which 
resonates with the consumer and the market is very big. And in fact, 
we've launched it in Uttar Pradesh, where we are getting very positive 
signals. So, I think we are very confident that After Dark Blue in the 
coming years will become a very good brand, we should see good 
momentum in the brand. 
Harit Kapoor: 
And is there a blend change also? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
No. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. And the second question was really on the India, U.K. FTA 
change. Just wanted to get your sense on pricing position laddering, 
any changes that you expect from a portfolio perspective, given that 

 
 
 
 
 
8 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
global competitors will make some pricing changes just the matter of 
fact that they have bottled in origin. Just wanted your thought process 
on what peaks you may need to make over the next few months? Is 
there something in the pipeline already, etc? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See, right now, it's too early to comment. But with our estimate, even 
if they pass on, the retail price will go down by only 7% to 8%. Secondly, 
if you see our single malts are already priced higher than the 
competition. Like Rampur Double Cask, the average rate would be 
about Rs. 8,000 to Rs. 8,500. Virasat brand what we have done will be 
in the range of Rs. 4,000. So, as it is, we are priced higher than that. 
And today's consumer is looking at quality brands. So, I think as of now, 
our strategy remains the same. We will continue to focus on our single 
malts and continue to spend behind that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjay Manyal from DAM Capital 
Advisors. 
Sanjay Manyal: 
A few questions, specifically first on the UK FTA. So, what kind of 
competition you think is panning out in the luxury segment, 
specifically? Any early signs of this extensive competition? Any major 
brands where you think that now would be imported by the 
competitor? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Right now, it is too soon to comment. But as I said in my earlier answer 
also that our luxury portfolio is very different. And we are into the 
single malt category where the price elasticity is a lot, and it all depends 
on the consumer’s preference. And, if you've seen the Indian single 
malt is outpacing the global malt in India. So, I think it's a long way to 
go. And more than price, it is the taste. Where our luxury portfolio 
differentiates from the competition. And in the global markets, we are 
competing with all the global giants. So, I think this will not be such a 
move at all. 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Right, sir. Sir, just one more thing on the luxury part itself. What I 
understand it must be closer to 3% of the total India IMFL volumes. Is 
there any sense you can get what would be the value contribution 
from the luxury part industry-wise, industry-wide question? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
So, value you mean sales-wise? 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Yes, sir. 

 
 
 
 
 
9 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Very difficult. If you want just a guesstimate, it should be double that. 
If it's three, then it'll be six. 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Okay. Right. And maybe if you can give some sense about any sort of 
changes you have seen in the Karnataka, in both Popular and the P&A 
segment, what kind of impact we have seen on both Popular and P&A? 
Sudhir Upadhyay: 
See Karnataka, it has been a very, very progressive side of the policy. 
And we have seen the government the way they are going on, they 
have rationalized the premium brand pricing 1.5 years back also. And 
at that time, there was a P&A growth of around 28% and our P&A 
category has doubled the volume at that time. 
 
Now again, taking the learnings from there, they have again 
rationalized the pricing for the premium brands. And this time, the 
P&A category has grown for the Q1, I'm talking, the P&A category has 
grown by 9% whereas our portfolio of P&A has grown by 83%. So, it is 
a very positive side of it. The government is thinking on the right line. 
 
And since we have a strong portfolio there of all brands. So, when you 
talk about Rampur Single Malt or Jaisalmer Indian Craft Gin, or 
Sangam, Virasat, Royal Ranthambore and then Morpheus Brandy, 
Magic Moments, After Dark, so that's a strong portfolio which we have. 
So we are positive on that side. And considering the cosmo culture in 
Karnataka, we think that it has a long way to go. 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Right, right, sir. And lastly, on the ENA part, I just want to understand, 
given the fact that the kind of growth you have seen in the last few 
years, I believe your requirement for the ENA would have gone up 
substantially versus I believe your capacity is close to 30 crores liters, 
if I'm not wrong. So, any plans to sort of increase the capacity for the 
capital requirement? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
I think the outsourced ENA for the mass brand is available. And with 
the capacity expansion done in last two to three years [in the industry], 
most of the states are becoming ENA surplus. So, I don't think there is 
any compelling reason to go for capex and do another capacity 
expansion. But in future, when we will be completely debt free, if need 
arises that we can generate that kind of ROI, then we will think about 
it. But as of now, there are no plans as such. 
Sanjay Manyal: 
And what is the requirement, total requirement now, ENA 
requirement, captive? 

 
 
 
 
 
10 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
So, our total requirement is in the range of around 28 crores to 30 
crores liters between our IMFL and non-IMFL both put together, and 
for Rampur plant, Sitapur plant and our joint venture, we make 33 
crores liters. So, some of the quantities we sell because of the logistic 
reason from UP and some of the quantities we buy from Southern 
states and Eastern states. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama 
Wealth. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Congrats, on great set of numbers again. My first question is on South 
India, specifically Tamil Nadu and Karnataka. Tamil Nadu, of course, 
the buzz is there that government there will reform the sector. And 
today, the news has come that TASMAC shops will be privatized. I 
wanted to understand, historically, how big you have been in Tamil 
Nadu market. And given there are other examples of privatization in 
other states, do you see a big potential for your company and industry 
in Tamil Nadu based on whatever assumptions are available? I know 
we don't have the details, but fair to take the examples from other 
states. 
 
And then Karnataka post the tax reform, the number of slabs have 
become half and clearly, there is much higher growth at mid and 
premium end of P&A. If you could comment on how things have 
evolved for you and for the industry because everyone is seeing very 
strong growth there in the last one or two months in the mid and top 
end of the P&A. That is my first question. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
So, to answer your first question about Tamil Nadu, Tamil Nadu is the 
largest market of the country. And all the signs are positive, they have 
also started ordering on the tertiary sales, and there are a lot of 
industry meetings also going with the excise. So, I wish and pray that 
it becomes an open market. And like Andhra, when it opened up, we 
didn't know that we'll become the largest there with 25%, 26% market 
share. 
 
Tamil Nadu is basically a brandy market. And our Morpheus brandy is 
doing exceedingly well in the premium space. So it's a wait and watch, 
but it can be a very big market for the entire liquor industry. 
 
And to your second question about Karnataka, I think Karnataka has 
the most progressive policy what they have come out with. And the 
P&A growth in the first quarter has been 9% of the industry, whereas 

 
 
 
 
 
11 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
our P&A growth has been 83%. So, I think, and right now, the MRPs are 
just getting settled. So, the exact effect will start coming from July 
onwards. So, I think Karnataka will be a very interesting industry for 
the P&A category for the industry and especially Radico. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. My second question is slightly structural. When we hear the con 
call of any liquor company, we hear very similar thing that everyone is 
launching flavored vodka, flavored spirits, flavored this flavored that; 
so, you have been one of the early movers here and you have done 
exceedingly well. My question is, will this become a challenge going 
ahead at some stage that differentiation then will become a problem 
because in this kind of a me-too strategy, which other companies are 
also doing, then what will happen in such a scenario? Everyone will 
have the same flavored, Guava flavored this, flavored that. So I wanted 
to understand that from an innovation perspective? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
You are 100% right. When I launched Magic Moments vodka in 2006, 
that time, the vodka saliency was 1% and there were hundreds of 
vodkas launched, but Magic continued to become the market leader 
with 60% market share in two decades. And what I see globally 28% of 
the global industry is vodka. 
 
In India, last 5 years, 20% growth. And now what we are seeing is a 
meteoric rise. So, I think it's a multiyear story for vodka. And the more 
of the brands come, the category gets wider. And eventually, the 
consumer sticks to one or two brands. So, I think the more competition 
which will come in this space would be very healthy for the industry 
and for the category to expand. So, I think it's a very, very positive sign 
for the vodka as a category. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. Last quick question. In Maharashtra, you are slightly differently 
placed versus some of the other listed companies because you do 
have some level of presence in the MML. So, if you could update us on 
how your MML has done through that joint venture. And how has the 
industry shaped up in terms of MML? So, after December when the 
lapping up of base happens, what will be your expectation on non-
MML essentially IMFL growth for the industry and for you? 
Sudhir Upadhyay: 
Yes. So, see, after this introduction of the MML last year, there has 
been a degrowth in the overall industry. Last year, we have seen a 35% 
degrowth, right now, we are seeing a 20% degrowth in the Q1. But for 
a change, if we talk about our P&A growth, which is coming in Q1 is 
around 10%. 

 
 
 
 
 
12 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
So, the industry has degrown in Q1 by 20%, and we have grown by 10% 
on P&A. So that's a positive side of it where the consumers are coming 
back to their favorite brand. Second part is that regarding MML, I think 
that has already settled at 6 lakh to 7 lakh cases. We had a presence 
there, and we have around 7%, 8% of the market share there, and that 
is continuing. So, we think the above will do much better in the times 
to come. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shantanu Mantri from Think 
Investments. 
Shantanu Mantri: 
I had a couple of questions to start with the industry leader typically 
spends 10% to 11% on A&P. And those guys have been guiding for 5%, 
6% P&A growth, right? And while we look at Radico, we typically spend 
7%, 8%, and we are doing 30% plus and guiding for 25%. So, I wanted 
your insight on this, like is there a need for us to increase A&P and gain 
more market share? Or how does the dynamic work? So, would want 
to hear your thought on this? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
You have seen is in the past, we would be the only company to create 
organically all the brands. And in 1998, we launched 8PM, and we have 
maintained our ad spend in the range of 7% to 8% maximum. And I 
think that's a fair enough money to make the noise. It depends where 
you spend the money. So, I think it is a good enough money to spend 
and create and grow the brand. So, I think we spend a lot of money on 
direct marketing on visibility, in-shop, digital, so where the money 
really contributes for the brand. And that is shown in the result in the 
last 10 years, we have always outpaced the industry in terms of P&A 
growth. 
Shantanu Mantri: 
Absolutely. That sounds pretty impressive. My second question is on 
the regular portfolio. Now last year, obviously, on a corrected base, we 
grew 30%. We did close to 20 million cases ex royalty. How do we see 
that segment growing now? Let's say, if I just want to stick to this year 
FY27, how do we see the regular volumes growing? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Shantanu, like what we have always maintained that our aim is to grow 
the P&A segment, where we have upgraded our guidance from 20% to 
25% for the current year. And regular brands, we only sell in those 
states where we make money, which we will continue to do it. And 
depending on the industry there, we will get the similar kind of growth. 
But our focus is more on the P&A side. 

 
 
 
 
 
13 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Shantanu Mantri: 
Perfect. Sounds good. And one last question, Abhishek Ji, anything on 
Bihar, like is there any development there? If you could share would 
be helpful. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Bihar has been one of the largest markets when it was a wet state in 
terms of white spirits and all our brands are very popular, 8PM, 
everything. So, I wish we'll get a good news what the industry has been 
waiting for more than a decade now. So, God knows. Right now, there's 
no noise as such. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Gupta from HDFC Securities. 
Nitin Gupta: 
I have questions related to P&A volumes. So just wanted to have some 
clarity on Q2 volumes. So, like before FY26, we generally saw Q-o-Q 
growth in Q2 versus Q1 of around 20% to 30%. So, I guess this reflects 
basically a dip in volume in summer months in Q1. So, do you see the 
trend resuming for this year where the Q2 will see another quarter of 
healthy volume growth for us in P&A? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
We don't give quarter-on-quarter guidance, we give annual guidance, 
which we already have done where we have increased the yearly 
guidance from 20% to 25%. I think what I can say the brands are super 
buoyant, and we are seeing huge traction for the P&A category of 
Radico's portfolio. 
Nitin Gupta: 
Sure. And second question pertains to like we have grown 36% in P&A 
for first quarter. And for the full year, we are aiming for like 25% plus 
growth. If I consider 25%, then for the balance 9 months, it will be 22% 
growth. So like just wanted to have some clarity around Q1, like the 
volume growth what we have seen in Magic Moments of around 43%. 
So, is there any loading one-off? Or do you consider Magic Moment 
volumes can sustain million sales monthly trends for the rest of the 
year? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
To answer your first question first, Radico never believes in loading the 
trade. That's why if you see our outstanding, etc, is always because our 
credit control is very strong. Magic, it is absolutely the tertiary sales 
which are happening. As I said, it's a multiyear structural shift which 
we are seeing in the vodka category. And what I can say is that month-
on-month, we are seeing great traction in Magic Moments Vodka. 
Nitin Gupta: 
Sure. So that means like rest of the portfolio, if they sustain and Magic 
Moments sustains, then you can out deliver on your guidance for the 
full year. Thanks for that. And lastly, on this royalty volumes have seen 

 
 
 
 
 
14 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
a dip. And with the Tamil Nadu sort of expected to see open up. So, 
can you throw some light around like what exactly is happening with 
the royalty volumes? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Royalty volumes, which we had said that earlier we were not present 
on ourselves in Andhra. And when it opened up, we came and we said 
we convert everything into our own volume. That's why we become 
the largest with 25% market share. And I think if Tamil Nadu opens, it 
will be anybody's guess. Now, it's only Tamil Nadu whatever small 
number you see only Tamil Nadu. 
Nitin Gupta: 
Okay. Okay. So I was of the view that we don't have royalty model in 
Andhra, but it was there and now since we have shifted to our own, 
then royalty is coming down. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan Kamdar from Choice 
Institutional Equities. 
Karan Kamdar: 
I believe we've made some great gains. And you already earlier you 
said, that the market has grown from 4% to 6%, where do you see this 
vodka market ending up in two to three years. And do you think we 
would be able to sustain our market share because I believe some 
other brands are also growing too fast at least in the near quarter. So 
that's my first question. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
As I said, globally, vodka is 28%. When I started Magic in 2006, it was 
less than 1%. I would have never thought it would take 20 years to 
become 6%. But what we are seeing now in the last 4, 5 years with 20% 
plus growth happening year-on-year. Tt's now become, with the Gen Z 
coming, vodka is a more easy mixable drink. It moves with cocktail 
culture and the night-life. Going out, like if you see the number of 
restaurants, which in India has started opening up. So, I think it is all 
that culture and lifestyle, which is supporting this sector to grow. I 
think in the coming years, India is going to open up more, there will be 
more number of eateries. I think that culture has started. That's why 
in my opening remark I said that I see it as a multiyear structural shift 
towards the white category happening. 
Karan Kamdar: 
And sir, defending our position, so how would we sort of defend our 
position against the more luxury vodkas and premium brands. As 
those two are completely different segments from Magic? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Yes, they are completely different. Like Grey Goose and Belvedere are 
very high priced as compared to Magic. 

 
 
 
 
 
15 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Karan Kamdar: 
Okay. And any plans to launch mid premium vodka in the near future, 
given that mid premium is very lucrative category with high margins. 
Something about Magic. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Right now, we are concentrating more on the innovation on the flavors 
like the flavors of India what we have launched. So, we want to get the 
ethnic flavors of India into this category. And I think it's doing 
extremely well with the 43% growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshay Krishnan. 
Akshay Krishnan: 
My question is on premiumization. So, it has been a consistent growth 
driver. Now beyond this P&A volume, what are the next levers that will 
improve the profitability? Is it going to be a premium P&A or pricing or 
an innovation or it's going to be of? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
I think P&A is one part. The second is our luxury and semi-luxury 
portfolio. I think those are also really gaining a lot of traction. And the 
higher you go higher your margins are and more profitable it is. So I 
think we are in the right direction. We are concentrating a lot on the 
on-trade channel, we are concentrating a lot on the advocacy to 
explain the differentiation between our malts and the global malts. So, 
I think if I see India 10, 15 years down the line, the luxury will be an 
important part of the portfolio, very important part. 
Akshay Krishnan: 
And just a follow-up question to the previous participant on the 
acquisition part. What would you consider as an inorganic opportunity 
at which point in time? And what are the gaps in the portfolio would 
you like to address this rather than internal development? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
As I told earlier, we have never acquired any brands, etc. And I think 
we have the capability of creating our own brands, and we have always 
believed in build versus buy. So, I think our pipeline is quite robust. 
And we don't see any opportunity in acquiring a brand. 
Akshay Krishnan: 
Okay. And last question is on the exports. Now the Indian whisky is 
actually gaining global traction. Now how do you see exports evolving 
over the next 3 to 5 years' time period? And the objective is to build a 
brand or is it meaningful profit contribution at your end. 
Sanjeev Banga: 
See, in terms of our export, our brands are currently available in over 
100 countries. And we've always believed in building brand than just 
pure selling, both in terms of our value for money or prestige and 
above category or the luxury category as well. We are not only catering 

 
 
 
 
 
16 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
to the Indian diaspora but also to the mainstream consumers. The fact 
is the global travel retail as well. We're currently in about 63 travel 
retail outlets and where we're catering a luxury portfolio to travelers 
across the globe, all the mainstream consumers as well. 
 
And that will continue to remain our focus. And as you may have read 
or heard or whatever, Rampur, Jaisalmer are one of the most loved 
brands globally coming from India. So that will continue to be our 
focus area. 
Akshay Krishnan: 
Just a final question on the same. I just wanted to follow up on this. 
What is the value contribution of exports on overall base? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Well, the volume is about 5% to 6% and value is obviously higher. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Atharv Jaiprakash Panni from INI 
Capital Ventures. 
Atharv Panni: 
So, I had two questions. I wanted to ask how is our on-trade expansion 
going on we had planned for 1,000 events for FY27, are going on track? 
And secondly, we had plans to expand from 50 airports to 100 airports. 
Is that also going on track? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Let me address the airports thing first. As I said, we were in 50 and as 
I said in the last question, we are now at 63. So that's very much on 
track, and we remain very confident of achieving that number of 100 
in the coming years. In addition to that, we're also now with airlines as 
well, we are the only Indian single malt available on Air India. Our 
Jaisalmer Gin is now available on SpiceJet as well. So, these are 
landmarks or milestones that we are achieving. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
And on the on-trade, I think as I said earlier, on-trade has been a major 
thrust area for the last two to three years because that is where the 
luxury drive. So, starting from manpower to the advocacy sessions, to 
events, I think we are doing more than the numbers you are talking 
about. So, I think we've gone quite aggressive on the on-trade.  
Atharv Panni: 
And secondly, I would like to ask, being a Gen Z myself, I don't see any 
influencers on our Instagram channels promoting our products. I see 
many influencers from other brands, like they educate about products, 
like what kind of cocktails we can make from the products. We see the 
vibe and go and try it. But I don't see anything about this on our 
Instagram page. Are we having any plan to hire any influencers to do 
the same thing. 

 
 
 
 
 
17 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Yes, very much influencers are a big draw these days, and we already 
have plans on that. And you will very soon see that coming on all our 
digital channels. 
Atharv Panni: 
Okay. And lastly, I wanted to ask like are we planning any flavored 
brandy to occupy the South Indian markets? And also, are we planning 
any ready-to-drinks as we are seeing a home consumption expanse in 
metropolitan cities? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Not at the moment, though we have in the international market 
flavored brandy, but not for the Indian domestic market. And RTD, 
we're not looking at that at the moment. 
Moderator: 
That was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing remarks. Over to you. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
To conclude, our performance this quarter reflects the continued 
success of our premiumization strategy, disciplined financial 
management and consistent execution. Strong profitability, expanding 
margins and improved return ratios and healthy cash flow generation 
reinforce the quality of our business and gives us confidence in 
sustaining profitable growth. Backed by a strong balance sheet and a 
growing premium portfolio, we remain well positioned to capitalize on 
future opportunities and create long-term value for our stakeholders.  
Thank you for joining us on this call today and for your continued 
support. We look forward speaking with you again next quarter. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
*** 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability.  
 
For more information, please contact:  
Saket Somani 
Senior Vice President – Finance & Strategy  
somanis@radico.co.in  
+91 11 4097 5403 
