 
 
 
Greenlam/2026-27 
August 17, 2026 
 
The Manager 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Fax No. 022-2272-3121/1278/1557/3354 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com 
BSE Scrip Code: 538979 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Fax No. 022-2659-8237/8238/8347/8348 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in 
NSE Symbol: GREENLAM 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Earnings Call (Group Conference Call) held on August 10, 2026 
to discuss operational and financial performance of the Company for Q1 FY 2026-27 with Investors & Analysts 
of the Company. 
 
Kindly take the above information on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Prakash Kumar Biswal  
Company Secretary &  
Senior Vice President – Legal 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
 
PRAKASH 
KUMAR 
BISWAL
Digitally signed by 
PRAKASH KUMAR 
BISWAL 
Date: 2026.08.17 
17:01:05 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Greenlam Industries Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 10, 2026 
 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors and readability. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 10/08/2026 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHOK SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
GREENLAM INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. SAMARTH AGARWAL – VICE PRESIDENT FINANCE 
– GREENLAM INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Greenlam Industries Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashok Sharma, Chief Financial Officer of Greenlam 
Industries Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ashok Sharma: 
Thank you. Good morning to all, and I welcome to the Quarter 1 FY27 Earnings Call of 
Greenlam Industries. I'm joined by Samarth Agarwal, our VP Finance; and SGA team, our 
Investor Relations Advisor. I'm sure you had the opportunity to look at the results and the 
investor presentation, which are available on the stock exchanges and on the company website. 
I'll give you a business update of Q1 before I hand over the call to Samarth. 
 
We are pleased to report that we have started the year with a revenue growth of 18% on year-
on-year basis and taking our consolidated revenue for the quarter to nearly INR800 crores, with 
an EBITDA of INR81 crores before forex, while maintaining the gross margin at 53% level. 
 
The performance was broad-based with most of the business segment reporting revenue growth 
during the quarter and with continuing growth momentum both for the domestic and the 
international market. A few of the major developments during the quarters were worth 
highlighting. Our chipboard business turned EBITDA positive for the first time with an 
operating profit of INR3.4 crores before forex and losses in Plywood and Allied segment has 
continued to narrow. 
 
Moving on to West Asia conflicts. The ongoing West Asia conflicts continue to keep input 
prices, currency rates and freight costs volatile during this quarter. This has also led to delay in 
container and vessel availability and freight cost -- a significant hike in the freight cost. 
 
As a direct consequence relates to this, nearly INR27 crores of export shipment got postponed 
out of this quarter. This is purely a timing matter and the revenue is not lost. It is simply moving 
into the current quarter. Also, the shipment in sea are taking more time to reach destination, 
leading to overall long lead time. 
 
To maintain the fiscal discipline and mitigate the impact of price rise, we have passed on the 
increase in the raw material prices to the customer. As communicated earlier, we have done the 
price hike twice at the beginning of April and May. And when the prices have started softening, 
we have reduced some prices at the beginning of June and again at the beginning of quarter 2. 
 
Overall, on a net basis, we have passed on 7% to 8% of the price hikes. This is mainly the price 
hike in the chemical, which constitutes nearly one-third of our raw material prices, while the 
prices of other raw material remain constant. 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
On the logistics side, I would like to highlight that the Middle East market is around 6%, 7% of 
our total business. So we don't foresee any material impact on our top line, rather it should grow. 
The domestic demand remained stable during the quarter. Retail and distribution-led business 
held up well, while there were some challenges in the project business due to overall cost of 
increase in the entire building raw material -- building material industry. 
 
Moving on to the segment-wise details. In the laminate, our revenue from operations for the 
quarter stood at INR596 crores, a growth of 7% on a year-on-year basis. Sales volume for the 
quarter was at 4.62 million sheets with a capacity utilization of 80%. Softness in the volume and 
the revenue is due to the export shipment, which got postponed out of the quarter. 
 
Adjusted for this, the underlying demand trend in this business remains healthy. International 
business performed particularly well during the quarter, reinforcing the benefit of strong global 
footprint, which we have built over the years. On the capacity expansion side, we are adding 2 
new press line of the laminate, which are on track and which are expected to start commercial 
production by Q4 of this year. 
 
With the addition of this new capacity, we will be able to increase the capacity of specific 
category of laminate, which are reaching near to optimum capacity utilization. I'll move on to 
the other Plywood and Allied segment. 
 
Revenue from operations during the quarter grew by 20% on year-on-year to INR106 crores and 
EBITDA loss for the forex fluctuation narrowed to INR5 crores from INR9 crores in the previous 
quarter -- in the quarter 1 of last year. The plywood business, on the other hand, continued to 
ramp up with sales volume growing 19% on a year-on-year basis and capacity utilization of 
39%. 
 
Our distribution network is expanding, and we have taken some price hike at the start of April 
in phased manner. We continue to -- we expect that plywood segment will break even in this 
year. Moving on to Panel and Allied segment. This has been the standout performer of the 
quarter. 
 
Revenue stood at INR95 crores, a growth of nearly 200% on a year-on-year basis. Capacity 
utilization is improving every quarter and moved to 61% from 30% in the Q1 last year. Average 
realization has also increased driven by price increase taken and the product mix. 
 
Happy to share that this business turned positive during this quarter with a profit of INR3.4 
crores before forex fluctuation as against loss of INR10 crores in Q1 last year. Our newly 
introduced HMR category, which was introduced in quarter 4 of last year, continue to gain good 
traction, and we will introduce more premium product in this category going forward. 
 
We'll continue to scale this business and improve the share of melamine faced chipboard in the 
overall sale of chipboard. We expect this business to maintain a capacity utilization of around 
70%. 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
As far as the outlook for the FY27 will largely be the year in which we will be sweating our 
existing assets apart from the laminate press line, which is already announced, we do not have 
any plan for any large capacity addition and our capex for the year is budgeted around INR130 
crores, INR135 crores, which includes INR70 crores towards the laminate expansion. That's all 
from my side. I'll be happy to take your questions post our announcement of financial 
performance. 
 
I'll now hand over the call to Samarth. 
Samarth Agarwal: 
Thank you, sir. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. I'll take you through 
the financial numbers. Coming first to the quarter 1 numbers on a consol basis, the net revenue 
grew by 18% and stood at almost INR800 crores, precisely at INR797 crores as compared to 
INR674 crores of quarter 1 of last year. 
 
On a sequential basis, revenues were lower by 7%, in line with the usual trend in which Q1 is 
usually lower as compared to the fourth quarter. Gross margins were largely flat at 52.9% in the 
quarter as compared to 53.1% despite sharp increase in the input and the freight costs. On a 
sequential basis, margins grew by 140 basis points on the back of price increase passed during 
the quarter. 
 
Gross profit in absolute terms grew by 18% on Y-o-Y basis to INR421 crores in this quarter as 
compared to INR358 crores in Q1 of last year. EBITDA margins before forex fluctuations grew 
by 210 basis points at 10.2% as compared to 8.1% of Q1 last year. 
 
This was mainly on account of revenue growth, cost controls, operating leverage in decorative 
veneer, engineered floor and chipboard business. EBITDA forex fluctuations -- sorry, EBITDA 
before forex fluctuations in absolute terms grew by 48% to INR81 crores in this quarter as 
compared to INR55 crores in quarter 1 of last year. 
 
Forex losses were a small value of INR1 crores as against INR11 crores of Q1 in last year. And 
finance cost was down by 25% to INR20 crores as compared to INR26 crores of Q1 in last year. 
This is largely because some part of the forex was accounted for as a finance cost in Q1 of last 
year to the extent of INR3.5 crores. 
 
Net profit during the quarter stood at INR21 crores as against a net loss of INR15.5 crores in 
quarter 1 of last year. In this quarter, the higher operating profit, along with lower forex and 
interest costs led to the better flow-through to the bottom line. 
 
I'll now take you through the segmental performance. First, on the Laminates and Allied. The 
laminate business saw a growth of 7% on Y-o-Y basis to INR596 crores in this quarter as 
compared to INR555 crores in Q1 of last year. EBITDA margins before forex fluctuations were 
at 13.9%, growth of 70 basis points on Y-o-Y basis. Production volumes were 4.9 million sheets 
and a utilization of 80%. 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
Sales volumes were 4.62 million sheets, which were lower by 6% on Y-o-Y basis on account -- 
and this is largely on account of postponement of shipment on export shipment, which got 
postponed in the quarter. The average realization for the quarter on the laminate business was 
INR1,240 per sheet, growth of 14% on Y-o-Y basis. 
 
Coming to the next segment, which is Plywood and Allied. This segment largely includes 
plywood business, decorative veneers, engineered floors and engineered doors. Revenue for this 
segment grew by... 
Moderator: 
Sir are you there? Ladies and gentlemen, the line for the management got disconnected. Please 
stay connected while we reconnect them. Ladies and gentlemen, the management is back on 
line. We may continue, sir. 
Samarth Agarwal: 
Apologies, the line I think somehow got dropped. I'll continue on the financial numbers. From 
the Plywood and Allied segment, which included plywood, decorative veneers, engineered floor 
and engineered doors, the revenue for the segment grew by 20% to INR106 crores as against 
INR88 crores in Q1 of last year. 
 
EBITDA losses before forex narrowed to INR5 crores as against INR9 crores in Q1 of last year. 
The production volumes for plywood business was 1.83 million square meters and a capacity 
utilization of 39% as against 28% of -- in Q1 of last year. 
 
Plywood sales volumes were 1.66 million square meters, a growth of 19% and average 
realization was up by 4% to INR276 per square meter. The next segment, which is Panel and 
Allied, and this is largely the chipboard business that we have. The chipboard revenue for the 
quarter grew -- it almost quadrupled to INR95 crores in this quarter. 
 
EBITDA before forex fluctuations turned positive. So that's a good piece for the segment at 
INR3.4 crores as against a net loss of INR10 crores in Q1 of last year. Production volumes were 
at 44,838 cubic meters and a utilization level of 61% as against 30% in Q1 of last year. 
 
Sales volume for the quarter was 41,418 cubic meters, growth of 167% on Y-o-Y basis and 
average realizations were INR22,764 per CBM with a growth of 15% on Y-o-Y basis. On the 
balance sheet front, the working capital cycle improved by 3 days at 56 days as compared to 59 
days in Q1 of last year. And net debt was at INR934 crores as of June. 
 
Thank you, and that's all from my end. We can now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Vanshi Shah from EVNA Advisors. 
Vanshi Shah: 
Am I audible? 
Ashok Sharma: 
Yes. Go ahead. 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Vanshi Shah: 
Sir, how is a container availability? So we see a weaker performance in Q2 FY27 due to 
container availability issues? 
Ashok Sharma: 
Container availability and vessel availability remains a challenge as of now. That is the reason 
which we have told that around INR25 crores, INR30 crores of export moved on t this quarter. 
Whether this will continue in this quarter for the full quarter or whether it will get resolved, it's 
very difficult to comment as of now. But if this continue for this entire quarter, then it may have 
impact on the export sales. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sneha from Nuvama. 
Sneha: 
Just a couple of questions from my end. Firstly, with respect to -- you stated on the con call that 
you've already started reducing the prices in this particular trade, do we see that when we are 
reducing prices substantially or when we are increasing, there is a good amount of restocking or 
destocking or destocking taking place? Generally, 5% to 10% move here and there doesn't really 
matter and the trade continues in a specific way? That's the first one. 
Ashok Sharma: 
So in terms of price reduction, this is the reduction in increase, it's entirely depending upon the 
raw material, as I mentioned that on the April and May, we have increased the price. And since 
the price got softened towards the beginning of the June. So that's how we have reduced the 
prices at the beginning of the June and at the beginning of the July. So in terms of whether it 
will have a destocking or not, I believe it will not have much impact on this, because of the 
nature of the business, you need the stock on a continuous basis. 
 
And at any moment of time, we do not push the stock into the channel, it's entirely based on the 
requirement. So we do not feel that it will have a negative impact. Rather, I feel when the price 
is now becoming more affordable, it will have a good impact on the secondary movement. 
Sneha: 
Understood. So what you mean is even the OEMs, the way they purchase or even in the export, 
whatever the purchases have been going on pre or post increases, the same way just continues? 
Ashok Sharma: 
We believe so. 
Sneha: 
Understood. My second question is related to your Chipboard segment. Where are we in terms 
of the percentage of prelaminated business? We've, of course, seen the segment turning around 
positive at this point of time. But what are the year-end targets? What kind of prelamination can 
we do and what kind of utilization can we achieve? And of course, margins, where can we take 
this forward? 
Ashok Sharma: 
So we are fairly good at this -- the pre-lam in terms of that pre-lam. I will not be able to tell you 
the percentage on the call, but we are fairly -- and it is going as per our plan in terms of whatever 
we have planned, it is moving on as per the plan. And we are hopeful that by the year-end also, 
we will overachieve what we have targeted. 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
And as I mentioned that we have introduced HMR category in the quarter 4 of last year, end of 
quarter 3, which is also getting good traction in the market in terms of that. And we will launch 
some more premium category in this segment also. So going forward, also as a percentage of 
our overall product mix will be much better in comparison to what we are as of now. 
Sneha: 
Understood. And lastly, on your plywood business, I know we've launched the premium 
segment. I mean it's been quite a while that we've launched this particular segment. But despite 
that, we continue to make losses here. Any strategy of turning this around? Are we looking at 
mid-end segment, which is what the rest of the larger players have already done in this particular 
segment eventually to have a sizable scale and start making money? Any thoughts here? 
Ashok Sharma: 
So not as of now. So if you -- just to tell you in terms of plywood also, it's growing at the quarter-
on-quarter, though the pace of growth could have been better in terms of that. And even the 
EBITDA losses is also coming down. We are very hopeful that in this year, we will do the 
EBITDA breakeven in terms of that. 
 
In terms of strategy, we want to focus right now on the segment which we have rather than 
moving on to the another segment. So right now, we are focused on this, and we are very hopeful 
that we will be able to break even in this year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavin Chheda from Enam Holdings. 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Overall, good numbers in a difficult environment. Sir, a few questions. First, on the price hikes. 
When you mentioned that there has been a price reduction in June as well as July. So this is 
across all segments or particular -- so basically, your 3 main segments like laminates, plywoods 
and chipboard. So price hike and price decline has happened all across or did you mention a 
general price hike and reduction? 
Ashok Sharma: 
So in terms of this price hike was mainly necessitated on account of increase or fluctuation in 
the prices of chemical, which is predominantly used in the -- more usage in the laminate as well 
as in the chipboard segment. So this is what we have talked about. This is the price it was in the 
laminate and the chipboard segment. The other category which doesn't have more users or more 
percentage of chemical. So there is no impact in those categories, mainly the plywood and the 
wood category. 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Okay. So plywood category has not seen either price hike nor a decline and then... 
Ashok Sharma: 
We did the price hike at the beginning of April because some of the prices has gone up. But in 
that the price hike was modest in comparison to laminate and the chipboard category. Since the 
uses of -- or the chemical content in the laminate and chipboard is much higher in laminate, it is 
as high as like 35%. 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
 
And similarly in the chipboard category also, it ranges in that same range. So the impact of cost 
increase was higher in these 2 categories. So this were increased in the April and May both and 
slight reduction has been done in June, July. 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Sure. Next one is you said that plywood segment lower EBITDA breakeven this year. So when 
it turns positive, it would be EBITDA positive or breakeven for the entire fiscal or in that 
particular quarter exit? 
Ashok Sharma: 
Entire year will be difficult. It is for that quarter. 
Bhavin Chheda: 
For that quarter. And obviously, next year would be a positive one. Third one, sir, you have also 
reclassified previous year volume numbers on a quarter basis. So what has changed in across 
division? 
Ashok Sharma: 
And this you're talking about which? 
Bhavin Chheda: 
I think the presentation mentioned laminates, I think laminates volume were also reclassified of 
the quarter 4 as well as... 
Ashok Sharma: 
Basically the... 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Chipboard volume was also reclassified. So has certain classification changed? 
Ashok Sharma: 
No, we will touch base with this offline. So this is more in terms of the laminate sheets and board 
category. So that we'll touch base offline and explain it to you. 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Sure. And last one, engineered wood flooring and doors, what was the revenue number? And 
what was the loss number there? 
Ashok Sharma: 
The floors and doors? 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Yes, engineered wood flooring and engineered wood doors. 
Ashok Sharma: 
So both put together is around INR29 crores both put together the EBITDA loss of INR1.2 
crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranav Mehta from Equirus. 
Pranav Mehta: 
Sir, I wanted to understand on the debt repayment side. So how is debt going to reduce over the 
next, let's say, 2 to 3 years? 
Ashok Sharma: 
This year, since we have the capex of this expansion capex for the laminate and as well as the 
past capex, we expect capex to be in the range of around INR125 crores, INR130 crores. So 
obviously, we don't expect debt to come down in a significant manner. However, we expect that 
it should come down by close to around INR100-odd crores. 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
 
And from the next year onwards, since no major capex plan has been announced. So the majority 
of the cash flow will be used to reduce the debt. So we see that debt to come down in next 2, 3 
years in a significant manner. 
Pranav Mehta: 
Sure, sir. And sir, on the laminate capex front, so the time lines remain the same, right? Are you 
expecting any delays or preponement of the schedule? 
Ashok Sharma: 
No online only as we have given in the results also, we have already placed the order for the 
equipment and we expect that since these all equipments are domestic in nature, so we expect 
the commercial production by quarter 4 of this year. 
Pranav Mehta: 
Sure, sir. And sir, on the plywood side, so you have mentioned that you'll be slowly taking this 
from South India towards West and Central India. So by when can we expect pan-India launch 
for the plywood business? 
Ashok Sharma: 
No, it has already started in the last year. So for the -- except North, which we do not intend to 
start as of now, our products are available into the West and Eastern part of Central India. 
Pranav Mehta: 
Okay. And sir, you will be going more aggressive on these regions because I believe you were 
more focused on servicing the South Indian market, but the growth would be incremental growth 
will be driven from these regions, right? 
Ashok Sharma: 
Yes, this region will be new starting from 0. So obviously, the growth here will be higher, will 
be better. 
Pranav Mehta: 
Okay. And sir, my last question was on Chipboard. So in Chipboard, how are you seeing things 
panning out? So since 3 capacities have come from organized players in a span of 1.5 years. So 
have you started seeing some unorganized to organized shift happening? How are things panning 
out there? 
Ashok Sharma: 
I believe so because if you see the companies are doing good. The products -- the product is 
good, we are reaching out to newer and newer segment. And previously, the unorganized 
segment, the product -- the product what we are offering was not there. In the HMR category, 
we started for the first time only. 
 
So product acceptability is quite high among the client wherever we are going as of now. So we 
believe that the shift will happen because of the premium product category or the good product 
category. And overall, all the company, all the organized company will take effort in terms of 
reaching out to customers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhiral Shah from Phillip Capital. 
Dhiral Shah: 
My question is regarding the laminate side. So we have seen almost 6% to 7% decline in the 
sales volume of laminate. So wanted to check still we are guiding 10% to 12% growth on the 
laminate side for the full year? 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Ashok Sharma: 
Yes. That growth was on the revenue side. So -- and what you are telling is for the volume. So 
if you see in the -- even in this last quarter also, there was a growth of 7.4%. And we have already 
mentioned that nearly INR30 crores worth of export has moved to quarter. If you add that, then 
probably we are very much near to the figure what we were -- what we have given. But we still 
maintain that we will be able to grow in that range. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay. And sir, just last one question again on the laminate side. How much we have degrown in 
the domestic market on the laminate side, particularly? As you mentioned that real estate division 
because of the high raw material, they have not taken the sales dispatches. How much you have 
degrown? 
Ashok Sharma: 
So the volume degrowth was 7.5%, 7.5%. 
Dhiral Shah: 
This is more on the domestic side, sir? 
Ashok Sharma: 
Yes, this is domestic. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay. So do you think it will starting Q2 this quarter onwards, this will also start growing as 
things have started normalizing at least on the geopolitical front also? 
Ashok Sharma: 
Yes. We believe the quarter 1 was quite a confusing one in terms of not only for us, the entire 
industry or, let's say, entire building material product category, there was price increase on a 
continuous basis like we did too. And then there was -- because of the fluctuation in the raw 
material prices, we did pass on and we reduced the prices. There is a lot of confusion in between. 
We believe now with more clarity in the market, demand should improve. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Roshan from Antique Stock Broking. 
Roshan: 
So my question is on chipboard business —so it has become EBITDA positive what are we 
looking at for the next 1, 2 years, and what capacity utilization is required to see normalized 
margins? 
Ashok Sharma: 
We recently achieved around 61% capacity utilization in the quarter 1. And of course, we would 
like to increase the capacity utilization, which will happen going forward in quarters to come. 
The EBITDA margin will depend upon the what capacity utilization, what product mix we able 
to achieve in terms of that. And I can say that on a full capacity utilization on a better product 
mix, it can achieve a margin of 18%, 20%. But that will happen over a period of time, we believe. 
Roshan: 
The second question is what is the cumulative raw material inflation that has happened over the 
last quarters? And what proportion has been already passed on to customers? 
Ashok Sharma: 
So in the raw material prices, the -- most of the inflation happened or the fluctuation happened 
in the chemical prices. And in the chemical also, it is depending upon which chemical, it is 
ranging from, let's say, 30%, 40% to 70%, 80%. The prices did increase and then it has got 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
retracted also towards the beginning of June. And again, in July, because of the war starting 
again, the prices again started moving, but now again, the prices is coming. 
 
So it's -- the picture is a bit hazy in terms of that. And to answer in terms of what the -- so we 
have passed on the entire impact of the price increase into the market of raw material price 
increase. Other than the chemical, which is wood and the paper, we have not seen much of a 
fluctuation in that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Utkarsh Nopany from Anand Rathi. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Sir, my first question is regarding the laminate segment. So sir, if you can guide what would be 
the expected volume growth and the margin guidance for the remaining 9 months of FY27? 
Ashok Sharma: 
So Utkarsh, it is difficult to give for the quarter-on-quarter guidance in terms of that. So as we 
have already said that in the laminate, the overall revenue growth is in the range of around 10% 
to 12%. We still stand by that even though the first quarter growth was close to around 7%, but 
we still stand by that it can grow 10% to 12%. 
Samarth Agarwal: 
And also, because of the uncertainties in the raw material prices, which has been prevailing -- it 
is difficult to give a margin outlook as of now. 
Ashok Sharma: 
So margin, but in the past, we have already stated that laminate can grow at around 15%, 16% 
of the margin. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay. And sir, like for particle board, like you have guided that we are looking forward to 
operate at 70% utilization in FY27. So can you also please give some guidance for the plywood? 
What would be the expected utilization level in FY27 for plywood segment? 
Ashok Sharma: 
We are at around 40% in the quarter 1. We believe it should be close to 50% for the year. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay. And sir, like you mentioned that the plywood segment is likely to break even in FY27. 
So is it likely to happen towards the end of FY27? And by when it is likely to break even at PAT 
level, sir, the plywood segment? 
Ashok Sharma: 
So I think it's again difficult to give even though we want it to break even in the next say quarter 
2 itself, but difficult to tell whether it will happen in this quarter or some other quarter. And in 
terms of PAT level, once it breaks even at the EBITDA level and then the next step will be at 
PAT level. So we are hopeful that let's see how this year goes by and then probably we can see 
that whether we will be able to break even at the PAT level in the same year or will it move to 
next year. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay. And sir, lastly, sir, like if you can just help us understand what would be the current 
market rate of phenol, melamine and urea, sir? That's it on my side. 
Ashok Sharma: 
I think we will come back to you offline. 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aasim from DAM Capital. 
Aasim: 
Two questions. One on particle board capacity. So at your current rate, you should be at 70% 
utilization by Q4 of this fiscal. And I guess in FY28, you perhaps averaged at about 75% to 80% 
for the year. So any thoughts on capacity augmentation ahead greenfield or brownfield or any 
rough plan that internally you guys are thinking about? 
Ashok Sharma: 
Not as of now. So as of now, the capacity utilization, what we are telling this includes both the 
plain chipboard as well as the pre-lam chipboard, our intention is to sell more and more pre-lam 
chipboard. But since right now, we are having enough capacity, so as of now, we are selling 
even the plain chipboard also. 
 
So going forward, as and when we reach up to near to the full capacity utilization, we want to 
increase our pre-lam chipboard share. And once we reach, then probably we will take a call. We 
are cognizant of this fact that we need to take some moment of time. But we still want to -- 
because it's only 4, 5 quarters, we want to see that how it progresses and then we will take a call. 
Aasim: 
So basically, the current capacity should be sufficient for at least till FY29 end, you will just 
look at increasing the value-add mix once you reach that 80% to 90% capacity utilization, right? 
Samarth Agarwal: 
That's how you have to look at. 
Ashok Sharma: 
Largely yes. 
Aasim: 
Okay. And second question, basically on debt reduction. You said INR100 crores will be reduced 
in FY27 despite the INR130 crores odd capex -- and what -- besides laminates, that's the only 
capex you're doing this year, right? So INR130 crores just for laminates? 
Samarth Agarwal: 
No, no, INR130 crores is not for laminates, Aasim. This is INR70 crores is towards laminates. 
Some part of it is towards the greenfield project payments that is still pending, some large 
tailwinds. And then there are some regular capex that happens every year. So about INR70 crores 
plus INR40-odd crores of my regular capex and then INR10 crores, INR20 crores of the past 
payments. So about INR135 crores of the net-net outflow on account of the capex. 
Aasim: 
And you will cut debt by INR100 crores also this year? 
Samarth Agarwal: 
That's what the plan is, yes, right. 
Aasim: 
Okay. Next year, broadly, you said that debt will be the focus in terms of cutting debt over the 
next 2 fiscal FY28 and '29. Any rough number that you're targeting, how much that will come 
down by? 
Samarth Agarwal: 
So largely, it will be as per the repayment schedules that we have for the debt. And next year, it 
will be slightly upwards of INR150-odd crores, which is FY28, but that will be largely following 
the repayment schedules. 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Ashok Sharma: 
So whatever will be the cash flow apart from the regular capex or maintenance capex and the 
working capital, those will be used in reducing the debt. 
Samarth Agarwal: 
In anyway, something is cash accumulated on a net basis, the debt will be lower, whether I pay 
it or I keep a cash on my books. So net will be lower. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tushar from Portfolio Advisors. 
Tushar: 
Congratulations for your Chipboard positive margins in this tough time. I could see that just 
relative comparison, our Chipboard in the pre-lam segment -- sorry, in the pre-lam segment is, I 
think, near about 65% to 70%, if I'm not mistaken. Just wanted to know in terms of this pre-lam 
will be able to -- what are our plans in order to at least maintaining that going forward? 
 
That would be the first question. And secondly, on the plywood segment, when are we planning 
to reach near about INR20 per SQM, more or less the average of the market, the listed peers. 
Those are my questions, sir? 
Ashok Sharma: 
So in terms of... 
Samarth Agarwal: 
So on the chipboard pre-lam mix, as we said earlier, currently capacity utilization stands at 61%. 
And for the year, as already said, we may average out around 70%. The idea here remains that 
how you optimize your product mix, which is a higher share of the pre-lam plus HMR that we 
launched, plus some of the new value add that we will launch going forward. And the entire -- 
the plan is to really maximize on the value-add products, maximize on the prelaminated boards 
and then look for a good profitable business here. Does that answer you, Tushar? 
Tushar: 
So basically, we are about, I think, 22,700 or so. Is there any good headroom to grow from here 
24,000 or so -- that would be my question to the chipboard and also on the margin front, are we 
seeing that 18% margin in the chipboard? 
Ashok Sharma: 
So 18% will happen once we reach to close to the optimum capacity utilization. And by that 
time, we believe that it should happen in the FY29. And of course, everything will depend upon 
the raw material prices also behave. But we believe that if everything goes as per the plan, we 
should see the optimum capacity utilization in FY29. And by that time, the margin also should 
improve to that level. 
Samarth Agarwal: 
And also, Tushar, from the headroom perspective on the realizations, yes, there is a lot of 
headroom, which is there provided. And if you look at all the large developed economies where 
chipboard is used, there's a lot of value add in the chipboard business, which people are doing 
globally, which possibly right now is not there in the Indian market. 
 
And obviously, our endeavor being the leader in the markets to bring such value products to the 
market. And we are very sure that as we move ahead on the capacity utilization, improving the 
pre-lam mix, the realization should improve as we go ahead. 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Tushar: 
Plywood front, what are target in terms of EBITDA about INR20 per SQM. When are we 
seeing that number in plywood segment? And sir, in the laminate, the higher dimension laminate 
would be what percentage of our sales? And also in the geographical contribution, what would 
be the Europe and U.S.? I'm asking from the point of the voyage taken for the sales. That would 
be my question, sir? 
Ashok Sharma: 
Sorry, in terms of geographical continent or country-wise, we will not be able to give the details. 
We don't give that detail in the public domain. In terms of plywood INR20 per square meter, 
you are talking about the EBITDA or what? 
Tushar: 
EBITDA. 
Ashok Sharma: 
So, INR20, which will be close to around 8%, 8.5% EBITDA. I believe we are at INR270, 
INR275 per square meter as of now. So which means around 8% of EBITDA which we are 
talking. As I mentioned earlier on the call, we are expecting EBITDA breakeven in this year and 
then going forward, it will. 
 
But we believe what number you are talking is achievable. Of course, this number can be 
achieved once the capacity utilization moves on from what level we are at least 80%, 85% or 
90% capacity utilization is needed to achieve that, which will happen over a period of time. 
Tushar: 
In the plywood, you mentioned that the higher dimension or the larger laminates, sorry, 
laminates will be what percentage of our sales in the laminate business? 
Ashok Sharma: 
Higher dimension, it's not only the higher dimension, it's also the thickness and the board 
business, which contribute because we are into the both higher dimension laminate, which in 
terms of sheets as well as boards. So it's a mix of everything which is there. 
Tushar: 
Okay. So if I were to ask that the value-added segment would be what percentage of the 
laminate... 
Ashok Sharma: 
It is close to 50%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kumar Saurabh from Scientific Investing. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers in a tough quarter, sir. My question is last quarter, we 
had guided for 18% growth rate for this year, and we have done that despite of a deferring of 
export of INR27 crores. So one question, do we look on target to achieve that growth number? 
And do you see it coming more from volume side? How much of volume and realization will 
contribute to this growth? 
Ashok Sharma: 
So Kumar, we continue to believe that we'll be able to achieve the target which we have given. 
And -- but you must appreciate that in this tough environment, it's difficult to give that in terms 
of exact, the volume and value difference. But yes, we are hopeful that we'll be able to achieve 
the target what we have given for the year. 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Sure, sir. And sir, it's great to see in panel, we have really scaled the business. However, at a 
gross margin level, despite of scaling the revenue, we didn't see any kind of margin 
improvement. Usually, when capacity utilization improves, there is some operating leverage 
flows at COGS level, EBITDA level. 
 
So is it like bulk of our margin improvement is expected to happen below the gross margin level 
or this quarter, things were tough in terms of chemical prices you suggested. And when market 
normalizes, we will see this kind of margin improvement at all the levels? 
Ashok Sharma: 
It should happen at all the levels. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, third question is, what is the peak capacity utilization across these 
businesses? Like is 80% the peak utilization in laminates or we can go 90%, 100% and same for 
other businesses despite of the mix change in a generic sense, what is the peak utilization these 
businesses can achieve? 
Ashok Sharma: 
So in the laminate and chipboard, we can achieve 100% in the laminate in the past, we have 
achieved more than 100% also. In the plywood, yes, you can achieve 85%, 90% or maybe 100%. 
But since we are also in this journey, we will be able to see once we reach there. In the other 
category, which is primarily the decorative veneer floors and doors. 
 
So there in the decorative veneer, it's more of a demand or the -- how much order you can 
generate, but we believe that we can reach up to 60%, 65%. In some quarters, some months, we 
were very near to that also. We believe it's difficult to reach 100% because a lot of manual work 
is getting involved, a lot of manual requirements are there. We believe it's difficult to reach 
100%. But yes, you can reach 50%, 60% or maybe 60%, 65%. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Got it. And sir, my last question is like some years could be good for one segment bad. But on 
a long-term basis, when you plan these projects and investments across these 3, 4 segments, if 
you can explain from an ROI and payback perspective, how are the ROIs and payback in each 
of these segments and which is having your best ROI? And if you can educate on each of these 
segments from a long-term perspective? 
Ashok Sharma: 
Probably this is a longer subject. We can touch base some other moment of time because we 
need to go segment to segment, product to product category. Probably this is a longer subject 
which needs much longer time, we can touch base some other time. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Sure, sir. I will reach out to the IR team. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Ashok Sharma: 
Thank you all. Thanks for taking out the time and coming to this call. 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Samarth Agarwal: 
Thank you, everyone. In case you have any more questions, do feel free to connect back to us or 
to SGA. We'll be more than happy to answer. 
Ashok Sharma: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Greenlam Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
