 
 
                                          
                                           CIN: L55101WB1999PLC090672    Email : corporate@speciality.co.in  
Morya Land Mark – 1, 4th Floor, B-25, Veera Industrial Estate, Off New Link Road, Andheri (W), Mumbai 400 053 
 Tel. No. (022) 62686700 Website-www.speciality.co.in 
 
Registered Office: ‘Uniworth House’ 3A, Gurusaday Road, Kolkata – 700019. 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
To, 
General Manager, 
Listing Operations,  
BSE Limited,  
P.J. Tower, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code : 534425 
Vice President, 
Listing Compliance Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
'Exchange Plaza', Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
 Scrip Code : SPECIALITY 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call pertaining to financial results for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the 
Earnings Conference Call held on August 11, 2026, in respect of the financial results for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2026  
 
The above information is also being made available on the website of the Company at 
www.speciality.co.in.  
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
 
Avinash Kinhikar 
Company Secretary and Legal Head 
 
Encl.: As above 
AVINASH 
MADHUKAR 
KINHIKAR
Digitally signed by 
AVINASH MADHUKAR 
KINHIKAR 
Date: 2026.08.13 
17:59:08 +05'30'

Page 1 of 24 
 
 
 
“Speciality Restaurants Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AVIK CHATTERJEE -- WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SPECIALITY 
RESTAURANTS LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH KUMAR MOHTA – EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR, FINANCE AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -
- SPECIALITY RESTAURANTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. ASHUTOSH JOYTIRADITYA – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 24 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Speciality 
Restaurants Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashutosh Joytiraditya. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Ashutosh Joytiraditya: Thank you, Huda. Hello and good afternoon, everyone present on the 
call. I on behalf of ICICI Securities, welcome you on the Speciality 
Restaurants Limited Q1 FY27 earnings call. I would like to thank the 
management to give this opportunity of hosting the call to us. 
 
From the management, we have with us Mr. Avik Chatterjee, Whole-
Time Director and CEO; and Mr. Rajesh Kumar Mohta, Executive 
Director of Finance and CFO. I now hand the call over to the 
management for their opening remarks, and post which we'll open the 
floor for the Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Thank you, Mr. Ashutosh. Thank you, Madam. Huda. On behalf of the 
management of Speciality Restaurants Limited, myself Rajesh Kumar 
Mohta, CFO of the company, welcome all the participants to the 
investors' call of the company after the approval of the results for Q1 
FY27 by the Board of Directors and submission to the stock exchanges 
as per the LODR guidelines. 
 
We had already submitted our investors' presentation as well, which 
we hope may have been seen by yourselves. I would just like to bring 
3-quarter highlights for your ready reference. One, this has been the 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 24 
 
company's 20th profitable quarter, which means we are, for last 5 
years, into profits. 
 
Second, the same-store sales growth has been at 11.35% precise during 
quarter one FY27 as compared to quarter one of FY26, with like-and-
like stores operating during both the quarters. 
 
Third, there have been improvement in gross margins by 1.2% to 
71.1% from 69.9% previous year, primarily because of managing the 
portions, inefficiencies and continued negotiations with our vendors 
because of volumes. This has been achieved despite the inflationary 
trend witnessed during the quarter of the current financial year. 
 
This concludes my opening remarks. I now welcome all the 
participants to the Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Zaki Abbas, an Individual 
Investor. 
Zaki Abbas: 
Sir, good afternoon and I think congratulations to the entire team for a 
fantastic set of numbers despite the cost pressures. Sir, my question 
would be seeing a strong start to the quarter. How do you expect the 
balance of the year to pan out? Do you think we can cross that INR600 
crores top line, with I think 15 new stores opening, like we spoke last 
time? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Yes. Good evening, Mr. Zaki. Thank you for your support. If I may 
see, the trend has been very positive, as we have seen now in this 
particular quarter, and we wish and we hope we are working hard 
toward maintaining this kind of numbers going forward as well. And 
let's say, for instance, your question of primarily asking about the total 
revenues of INR600 crores. I would like to refrain, but yes, we are 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 24 
 
working hard to see good percentage growth going forward, with Q3 of 
the financial year going to be the good quarter for us. 
Zaki Abbas: 
And sir, how did we expand the margin, sir, despite the cost pressures? 
I believe I think first quarter was also slightly tough in terms of gas 
availability and input pressures. I mean, still we had a reasonable 
margin quarter. How is that possible? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: See, there have been -- I would say there are two parts to this question, 
sir, from an answer perspective. One, we generally get into rate 
contracts, etc., for the financial year or 6 months basis, number one. 
 
Number two, like gas crisis was all across; like in Mumbai, we had 
pipe gas, so we did not suffer much from a cylinders availability point 
of view. But the biggest change what we witnessed was the 
management's proactive decision of converting from oil-fired, gas-
fired ranges to induction processes. 
 
So which saved us from the crisis of availability of gas. So now we are 
operating on a hybrid mode wherein we can immediately switch over 
to induction that is electricity-based from the gas ranges, which we 
were having earlier. 
 
So this was one. And as a result of that, when there is a crisis, that 
becomes an opportunity. So we worked on, in case of any efficiencies, 
we improved upon all those with respect to correct portion size, etc., 
which led to benefits on raw material cost or neutralize the inflationary 
increase, sir. 
Zaki Abbas: 
Sir, and one question, if I may add is, sir. See, if we see our investor 
presentation, our brands -- we have a number of brands which are not 
very visible, and I think it's a large number of brands now. How do you 
wish to handle this going forward? Do you wish to rationalize the 
brands or may be drop some of them? That is part one of the question. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 24 
 
 
Part two of the question, as I have been asking you in the previous 
calls also, what do you want to do with Sweet Bengal, sir? Because 
that's a I mean, independent -- it can become an independent kind of a 
vertical. So I would like you to throw some light on that also? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Sure. Thank you for that question. This is Avik Chatterjee, Whole-
Time Director and CEO of Speciality Restaurants. I would like to take 
that question up. So the company has been creating brands and has 
created brands over the past 35 years. Luckily and thankfully, because 
of the entire team's effort, we have managed to have every store 
currently that operates in the company is profitable. 
 
Having said that, moving forward, we have done an analogy of what 
are the power brands and the brands to be focused on to power our 
growth. So we are going to be having three verticals in Speciality 
Restaurants, that is the futuristic verticals. One is we continue to have 
Oriental as one vertical. 
 
Our second vertical is Italian with our new brand Siciliana that's been 
as a growth engine. And the third one is QSR, under which Sweet 
Bengal, of course, falls in. And Walters Burger as our burger QSR 
growth model. So going forward, specialty restaurants to power the 
kind of numbers that we foresee is only going to be working on these 
three categories to power any form of growth. 
 
And your question on Sweet Bengal. We have managed to get added 
shelf life with new technology involved with our sweets, modified 
packaging. We're going through brand evolution, and we will be in a 
lot of new markets in the times to come. Because of this great 
technological enhancement. So definitely growth of Sweet Bengal is 
on the cards, and we're going to be powering it by technology, having 
the major foray and backing of it. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 24 
 
Zaki Abbas: 
So, would that mean that, sir, putting your -- all your brands under one 
of the three verticals broadly? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Sorry, could you repeat that please? 
Zaki Abbas: 
Would it be, would you be then restructuring your entire brand basket 
under these three broad heads? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Absolutely. It's Oriental, Italian, and QSR. And that's the focus of the 
company. And going forward, we will also be seeing a lot of the older 
brands going away from our portfolio because now is the time the 
company focuses on these power brands to have the growth that we 
intend to have in the times to come. 
Zaki Abbas: 
And sir, would you mind throwing a little light on your in-dine vs 
takeaway -- share of takeaway? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
So, our delivery business has grown to 29% of the entire portfolio of 
revenue, and the rest goes to dine-in, so we've had great growth on 
delivery business while dine-in continues to grow for us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashutosh Joytiraditya from ICICI 
Securities. 
Ashutosh Joytiraditya: Yes. So, in continuation to the question asked by the last participant on 
this dine-in mix. So what I have seen in the presentation, the delivery 
mix has basically gone up over last year. And so just wanted to 
understand it is a. Is it a deliberate strategy by the management or it is 
mainly to do with the changing consumer preference, or may be a 
combination of both? If you can touch upon this thing? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Sure. While our dine-in business has also seen marginal growth, the 
delivery business has seen consumption occasions increase. Plus, the 
company has added new formats like Walters Burgers and Sweet 
Bengal and Haka, which is our digital-first brand. So these are the ones 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 24 
 
that actually powered the delivery growth. Because we have seen that 
customers are ordering us or seeking our brands at more occasions. Not 
just for dine-in but also for delivery into marketing, advertising in 
specific delivery segments, tactical discounting at times, recruitment of 
delivery personnel within the company to spearhead the team. And I 
think all of these things have powered the growth for delivery. And we 
continue to see this rise in the times to come. 
Ashutosh Joytiraditya: Okay. So what I have understood from your answer, sir, is that it's a 
deliberate call by the management to let the delivery channel grow 
faster and improve this year, despite that it being a lower-margin 
business? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Rajesh Mohta, this side. Mr. Ashutosh. See, what Mr. Avik said was 
that the focus on dine-in continues to be there. And it is because of 
dine-in. See, what happens is that there is a baggage which is there 
from the brand perspective. People know Mainland China, people 
know Asia Kitchen. So the brand value plays a very important role, 
which is resulting into increased delivery. 
 
Despite our -- Let's say, if I may say so, from what we gather from 
information from aggregators, our average order value is considered to 
be one of the highest as far as dine-in brands and categories concerned. 
So it is not like that. We are not. We are focusing on delivery. 
 
It is, let's say, for instance, if I may use the word buy at the buy. 
Because of dine-in, the delivery has also grown. If you put a number 
into perspective, we were. Let's say we did INR71 crores of business 
of dine-in last year, which has increased to INR81 crores in absolute 
terms. 
Ashutosh Joytiraditya: Okay. Okay. And so, my next question is, if you can just touch upon 
how has been the demand so far, like for Q2? 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 24 
 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Sir, just to put into perspective when you ask on demand. July has been 
extremely good month compared to earlier July for us. And the trend 
for the first 7 days, 10 days into August has been good. So, we are 
seeing the tailwind which is available for both dine-in and delivery. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Narayan from 
Wealthwise Capital. 
Sanjay Narayan: 
Yes. So, I would thank Avik sir, for clarifying and reiterating our 
brand. Just one suggestion before going forward with my question. If 
our presentation also captures our ethos and our plans, that would be 
helpful because when we go through when as analysts, when we go 
through the presentation it becomes slightly difficult to understand our 
focus. 
 
So, since I have been tracking this company and been invested, so it's 
easier for me to understand the management focus in the business and 
what is the driving trigger. That's just a suggestion. 
 
Regarding my questions, one of the question that keeps coming back to 
my mind. We have great regards for Anjan sir and in his marketing 
capability, and the wonders we have on the marketing side apart from 
this core business also. So that always brings me to a question. We 
have Sweet Bengal for such a long time. So for the confectionery 
businesses, like Chitale has Bakarwadi as their hero product or 
Haldiram has Sonpapdi as their hero product. 
 
Do management give a thought what Sweet Bengal can be recalled for 
a particular product? Because after 13 years, 14 years having so much 
of brand presence and so much of visibility in Mumbai and Pune 
specifically, very rarely I come across with many strong product on the 
sales. The sales number might be telling. This is our strong product. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 24 
 
 
But specifically, specifically with our pedigree and our post sale, that 
product never gets communicated in any of our communicating 
channels. So, part A, do we really have one distinguishable product or 
a hero product in Sweet Bengal that can do a heavy lifting job for us. 
That's question one. And question two related to it. What are we doing 
with it? If we are doing? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Sure. Very pertinent question. So actually, Sweet Bengal's most 
famous or hero product, as you said, is the Kheer Kadam, and that's 
already backed by data. What we do with it is that we promote it at 
every given occasion, and we always keep it on top of our shelf and 
top of the mind of the customer. And till date, the Kheer Kadam has 
been the most loved, the most talked about, and the most differentiated 
product when you compete against any other sweet brands. 
 
So, to answer that question, yes, Sweet Bengal has Kheer Kadam as 
their most famous brand. And the second one right after that becomes 
the Mishti Doi. The third one after that is the Sandesh. So these are our 
pure Bengali-categorized sweets that are the most famous and most 
differentiated and brings people back again and again for these 
products. 
Sanjay Narayan: 
And could you just elaborate how we are backing up this product with 
more visibility, the way the bigger -- the other brands have become 
bigger, like Sonpapdi for Haldiram in that's synonymous, and Chitale, 
Bakarwadi. Bakarwadi is synonymous with Chitale, or Bhujia with 
Bikaji. 
 
Anything that really tinkled in our mind that Sweet Bengal, probably 
these products should be synonymous to Sweet Bengal because with 
Anjan sir's experience and we have. I feel that that should trickle down 
as a shareholder, and as an analyst, I feel that should trickle down 
somewhere into it. So any thought on that in the boardroom or any 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 24 
 
discussion that we need to back these products with more visibility? 
Do we have any plan for that? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Absolutely. So, visibility is directly proportioned to store expansion 
into newer market. There are two forms of visibility as I would look at 
it. One is the visibility of a customer walking into an existing outlet for 
that question. Yes, our top three products are displayed first on the 
shelf. So, hence there's a clear visibility for a person to buy it. 
 
Now, visibility for a new market expansion. The problem with Sweet 
Bengal for slower growth that we were facing in the company that we 
had sweets which are perishable. So the shelf life becomes a big 
challenge for us to manufacture it from one expensive capex-loaded 
facility and then transport it to various other locations. 
 
And the shelf life was giving us a big challenge. But you'd be very, 
very happy to know that we have been able to crack a 30-day shelf life 
with our Sweets and the new modern technology and packaging that 
we've put in. And we will be in many new markets, hence visibility of 
our product and the revenue of our product will be grown from these 
new markets in the times to come. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent 
Investments. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Wanted to understand and missed the initial commentary. Could you 
share what was -- what is the same-store sales growth number for 
quarter 1? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: If I may. The same store sales growth during quarter one of FY27 was 
precisely 11.35% for us. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay, got it, sir. And just wanted to understand how do you see this 
quarter to pan out, you know, considering mainly the fact that you will 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 24 
 
have, you know, around 20 days, 25 days of Shravan coming in, and 
how does that changes for us in terms of what the offerings are for us? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: See, what happens is now with a large presence across the country, 
even in Southern India, and with our presence in Northern India being 
low compared to how we are in Western and Eastern India, these kind 
of cyclicality, say because of Shravan etc. Do not have a major impact 
on us. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay. Because we do have reasonable exposures in Mumbai as well. I 
mean, which contributes to our total revenue. So my question was 
more from that point of view. 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: We fully appreciated when we talk in terms of Mumbai, sir, it would 
be more in. Because of Ganpati days. There would be a slight impact 
as far as western India is concerned. But what happens is there are 
pockets like, let's say, for instance, there would be a substantial growth 
in the revenue of Sweet Bengal during those period. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Right. 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: The decision happens because of various brands and presence across 
cities and across regions. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Kumar Jain, an Individual 
Investor. 
Harsh Kumar Jain: My first question is regarding do we still see a corporate pressure on 
weekdays, as in that the footfall is more skewed towards weekends, as 
in Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and not towards the weekdays? That is 
my 
first 
question. 
And 
second, 
is 
profitability 
becoming 
disproportionately dependent on just is it the 3-day weekend window 
or is it the entire week that is driving out this? 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 24 
 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Sure. So I'll take up your first question. The first question -- the answer 
to that is that yes, we do have weekday tactical offers, discounts, set 
meals, corporate lunches, and it varies from brand to brand. On 
weekdays, we also have tactical discounts or offers, or say combo 
meals for delivery. So yes, that does help us. 
 
And of course, in any food business, weekends being the most highest 
in demand, we do see the best traction on weekends. But that does not 
mean that weekdays are any less. What we've been seeing is in some 
locations, and it's location-driven. We've seen that even weekdays are 
sometimes better than weekends. 
 
So it depends on the kind of geography we're in. Are we in a corporate 
area where weekends are slow and weekdays are better or are we in a 
more residential area? It actually varies location to location. But 
overall, if you see, yes, our company's weekend sales are much higher 
than the weekdays. And in weekdays -- and it's actually worldwide as 
well as an industry. And on weekdays, definitely we do have tactical 
offers where required. 
Harsh Kumar Jain: Sir, but if you could quantify this, as in the previous con calls, there 
was a mention that it is 45-55 in proportion. So if you could quantify 
this for the latest trend in couple of years? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: See it continues to be on the same numbers. What you said, sir. 
Harsh Kumar Jain: Okay. And my second question is regarding Bizarre Asia. If I'm not 
wrong, it was launched last year. During that time, the management 
told us that we will be waiting for a year to figure out how this concept 
evolves, and then there was no information in the coming con call. So 
if you can just throw some light on this and that would be helpful, sir? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: See, Bizarre Asia was created as a format on buffet for Oriental and the 
company continues to be focusing on Oriental cuisine, as Mr. Avik 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 24 
 
mentioned earlier. Now, what has happened, it all depends upon the 
location. If we are into a mall, etc. We would continue to have Asia 
Kitchen, and it was more done from an Oriental cuisine brand as a 
proof of concept and which has worked favorably for us. But it is a 
large space for which we require huge amount of manpower. 
 
And see what happens is, when you launch a brand there is an 
incubation period. We are almost like in October we would be two 
years now. But we are still profitable at that particular location. So the 
focus on expansion is more on Asia Kitchens, Mainland China. And 
wherever, tactically we will get such kind of a location where buffet 
format would be there. We would have a Bizarre Asia there. 
Harsh Kumar Jain: Okay. And so it's just a quick follow-up on this: when you see your 
focus is on Mainland China and Asia Kitchen, numbers don't pan out 
for this. As in FY22, we had net 31 stores for Mainland China, whereas 
-- and in FY26 it stands out at 35 or 36, if I'm not wrong. So what is 
stopping us from adding new stores or new geographies? If you can 
help us with this? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: See what has happened. Like, let's say, for instance, when we talk in 
terms of Mainland China Asia Kitchen, there was a phase where we 
renovated our old Mainland Chinas, which had been in operation for 9 
years, 10 years. And we are continuing to do a renovation. And this 
renovation has created a throughput which is much higher than what 
we used to do when it was an older version of Mainland China. 
 
With Mr. Avik coming in and this renovation piece being taken over 
by him, calling it -- internally we call it as Mainland China 2. This has 
given us a very progressive numbers for post-renovation. So that has 
continued. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 24 
 
 
Now, with respect to, let's say Mainland China Asia Kitchen, there is a 
brand new called Gong also, which is from an Oriental cuisine 
perspective. So that is also forming part of the Oriental cuisine. May be 
that it is Christened as Gong, which we started in Pune. Now we have 
in Mumbai, Bandra. We are opening a Gong in Vasant Kunj, Delhi as 
well. And there would be a -- second one in Pune as well. 
Harsh Kumar Jain: So then can we say that we are more focusing on Oriental rather than 
Mainland China because then it again creates a confusion for an 
analyst or an individual investor? So that would be really helpful for 
us? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
So you know, I'll take up that question. When you look at the Oriental 
category in the past, we have expanded the brand Mainland China a 
lot. What we realized is at that point there was a fair brand fatigue and 
brand cannibalization that we faced. For example, if it's near 5-
kilometer locations, we were eating into our own sales and revenue. 
 
Where after the pandemic, when we had to shut down 29 of our stores, 
sadly we got a lot of time to think on strategy on how to keep 
dominating the Oriental segment. Hence, we came up with a strategy 
that the Oriental segment of specialty restaurant needs to be on 
different price segments so that we can universally capture a way 
wider pie. 
 
Now let me name the Oriental brands for you. Right at the top is Gong, 
which is a INR 2,500 average price per person. Right under that is 
Mainland China, which is INR 1250 per person. Then we have Asia 
Kitchen, which is fairly mainly in mall locations is INR 1050 to INR 
1100 per person. 
 
Right under that is our delivery-first brand, which is Haka; that is a 
INR 600 per person delivery brand. What this enables us to do is any 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 24 
 
city, we can take over the Asian segment by having different fascias of 
our 
brands 
themselves 
without 
giving 
brand 
fatigue 
and 
cannibalization. This is our new Oriental strategy. 
Harsh Kumar Jain: Okay, Just a last question from my side. Can you quantify as a 
percentage of revenue, how much was liquor or wetland sale? For this 
quarters? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: We have 8% to 9% of our revenues on from our existing stores which 
are food-driven. And episode one is our wetland restaurant, where we 
have 40%. 
Harsh Kumar Jain: Okay. And do we, do we plan to increase this number to a particular 
target? As in, does the management have any view, point of view that 
we're targeting this number? Numbers on a totality basis? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Absolutely. So we've been working. So every new format and 
renovation that we've done in Mainland China or Asia Kitchen, we 
have a very visible bar, which previously we did not have. So what 
we've seen is whenever we renovated these restaurants, and you have a 
visible physical bar with a bartender, bottle displays, bar offers, our 
liquor sale has phenomenally jumped up. So in the times to come, 
every single Mainland China that's going to be renovated will have this 
bar out of which at least five of them have already been done so. 
 
And every Asia kitchen by Mainland China into malls are also going to 
have bars. In fact, we also have stressed on multiple contracts and 
liquor contracts with liquor companies and our partners. And liquor 
sale is going to be a big focus for us. In fact, in our restaurant Gong, 
we're at 38% on liquor sale, which is very, very good and very high. 
And Siciliana is around 25%. 
Harsh Kumar Jain: Okay. Just to sum it up, you mean you're planning to have add liquor 
to every Mainland China store or Asia Kitchen store, and you're 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 24 
 
planning to increase that as a part of your revenue? If I'm not taking it 
wrongly? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Absolutely. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Himesh Satra from Quest 
Investment. 
Himesh Satra: 
Just wanted to get your understanding on the gross margin side. So, 
given that we have been seeing inflation going up, just wanted to 
understand the risk if we can see any impact on the gross margin going 
forward? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Sorry, if I have understood correctly, you are asking gross margins 
going forward? 
Himesh Satra: 
Yes, I mean, given that we have been seeing some uptick in the 
inflation. So does that have a risk in terms of the gross margins? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: See, historically we have been able to maintain at the levels of our 
gross margins with plus minus 50bps. But the whole idea is whenever 
there are huge amounts of pressure on raw material and gross margins, 
there have been neutralization by taking a tactical few percentage price 
increase. 
 
Because in our -- as you yourself understand that, because of the 
inflationary basis, not only on gross margins on other expenses as well. 
When we talk in terms of staff cost, power, light, fuel, etc. Even the 
licensing cost increases every year. So we need to balance, need to 
ensure that the margins are maintained. 
Himesh Satra: 
Got it. So just wanted to clarify this quarter, we haven't taken any price 
hike, right, till now across portfolio? 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 24 
 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: See, here what had happened during this particular quarter from 7th of 
June, we used to levy service charge, which have been withdrawn. We 
don't levy any kind of a service charge on our restaurants. So there was 
a -- so that particular impact. There was. We had taken some amount 
of price increase to neutralize that impact. 
Himesh Satra: 
Sure. Got it. And just wanted to understand the margin profile in terms 
of dining and delivery. Because delivery in this quarter has done 
phenomenally well, so is that also reason why our EBITDA margin has 
also gone up? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: See, this is a combination effort. Let's say for instance, we are 
wherever we are as far as cloud kitchens are concerned. They are only 
11 in our portfolio. We have kitchens within kitchens, primarily doing 
all the brand sales from our existing dine-in restaurants. So this kind of 
an impact. 
 
Yes. Delivery gives you an added advantage. The moment there is a 
threshold revenue increase, the operating leverage triggers favorably 
for us. So it becomes beneficial despite direct variable cost on delivery. 
Himesh Satra: 
Sure. Got it. And if I've understood correctly, we are planning to add 
32 stores during this year. Just wanted a rough split across which 
brands are we adding more stores. And just wanted to understand what 
is -- what are the factors that are driving this high store count. Because 
if I see in the history, we have been operating at around 120-odd stores 
so what is the factor now that is driving this high store count? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Sorry, I don't know where from you have gathered the number of 32. 
We are not working towards opening 32 stores in this financial year. 
We continue to maintain 8 to 10 restaurants in a particular financial 
year, added with few Walters, which are a smaller format in QSR 
category. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 24 
 
Himesh Satra: 
Okay, so for how many stores are you planning for Walters? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: It would be between 10 to 15. Because what has happened, Walters is 
now on a growth path since already one year has passed. And we are 
working hard towards Walters to grow from a QSR category. 
Himesh Satra: 
Sure. And just wanted to understand do we kind of face any challenges 
in terms of adding more stores can we go beyond 50 stores, 20 stores 
or there's a challenge in terms of the market that you're targeting, the 
availability of the market is not there? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: See, as far as challenges are concerned, I would definitely say the 
biggest challenge is getting the trained manpower for restaurants 
because of we being into dining space restaurants, maintaining service 
standards and consistency so in my opinion, the biggest and the only 
constraint rest all can be managed with respect to locations, capital 
allocation, etc. But getting trained staff is one of the challenge in skills 
etc. To quadruple on the expansion of restaurants. 
Himesh Satra: 
Got it, got it. Perfect. And this last question, in terms of the occupancy 
across the existing stores. Could you just throw some broad number, 
what is the occupancy right now across our stores, and what can be the 
peak occupancy? Probably for some of the top 4 brands, 5 brands? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: See from an occupancy perspective, if I may, weekends businesses are 
very good like Mr. Avik did mention in one of our questions. But 
overall, let's say for instance when you look at even overseas or the 
world restaurants, weekends are the only business, where you cross 
your capacity utilization. Weekends and weekdays are always a 
challenge, where like we do offer discounts, etc. 
 
But yes, footfalls becomes a challenge during weekdays, and it is 
location, brand, etc. Which are very critical in this case. But when we 
look at installed capacity etc. We don't look at a matrix as far as what 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 24 
 
is the total capacity utilization per day for our restaurants. It is more on 
revenue-driven and what how the chairs are getting filled during lunch 
and dinners of all on weekdays primarily. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hitaindra Pradhan from Maximal 
Capital. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: Yes. So my first question is partly answered, but just to confirm the 
Walters we are adding, this year it's mostly because it's a small-format 
QSR. So that's why the number of additions this year is higher. Is that 
correct? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Absolutely correct. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: Okay sir, and maybe a related question to that, I mean, in the medium 
term, which part of our portfolio we are prioritizing in terms of 
expansion? I mean we have mix of Oriental and then we have Indian, 
and you know, different formats also. So, so what can I expect, you 
know, going forward? Which part of our portfolio -- regard I think in 
terms of expansion? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
This would be all three categories of the power growth, which is 
Oriental, Italian, and QSR. We're going to be giving it equal weightage 
and grow them all together. Because what happens is when we grow 
any of our Oriental brands, all our other Oriental brands are anyways 
live on delivery from that same very location. 
 
So even if we open a Mainland China unit, there will be Gong, Asia 
Kitchen, Haka, and Mainland China delivery going out from that unit. 
So either we're growing with physical stores, and we're growing with 
delivery stores parallelly. 
 
Apart from that, Italian cuisine has become something which is a 
wonder for our company because back in the day we were Oriental 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 24 
 
heavy. But this Italian foray for us has given us a very good 
operational leverage inside malls. Previously, we were making deals 
with malls for Asia Kitchen by Mainland China. 
 
Now we're doing simultaneously two deals together with Asia Kitchen 
and Italian. Hence, we are getting a better deal for the revenue and 
revenue and effort ratio. Over and above, we are also getting more 
leverage on manpower costs when we're doing two stores in the same 
spot, obviously resulting in higher revenue because of 2 units. Apart 
from this is Walters and Sweet Bengal. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: Got it sir. Understood. And sir, on the Oriental portfolio side, I mean 
we had 11% of SSSG this quarter. So how did this Oriental portfolio 
fare this quarter? And May understood from your commentary earlier. 
It's mostly volume-driven, because it basically the service charge-
related price hike. But did the -- is the Oriental portfolio coming back 
on the growth path now, and how what is the outlook there? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: If I may. Our oriental businesses is sub 50% of the revenues. So when 
we talk in terms of growth in overall revenue, sir, Oriental is the 
biggest contributor, and as Mr. Avik emphasized, continues to be our 
Oriental and we will continue to grow from an Oriental perspective. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjay Narayan Mahajan from 
Wealthwise Capital. 
Sanjay Narayan Mahajan: 
Yes. So can you throw some light on Speciality Hospital and 
Hospitality, and what is happening at that end, and how it could be 
value accretive for shareholder and the timelines, and anything that 
you is taking some shape that you would like the investor to know 
about the Durgapur thing? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Mr. Sanjay, you mean to say hospitality would mean outdoor caterings 
specialty experiences. Am I right? 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 24 
 
Sanjay Narayan Mahajan: So I was -- so the question was from the angle that we have demerged 
the land into Speciality Hospital, which we are think thinking to 
monetize. That was what I gathered from previous con calls. Am I 
right on that? And what is happening at that end? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: I appreciate. See what had happened. That was a plot of land which 
was available with Speciality Restaurants from a given by IDCO 
government of Odisha for creating a food and beverage complex. See, 
restaurants -- continues to be focused on restaurants. That was a plot 
which was given for food and beverage and which have been 
developed under a joint development, and it would be. It would be 
restaurants, banquets, and service apartments kind of which would be 
overall utilized later. 
Sanjay Narayan Mahajan: Okay. So in any shape or form would it be contributing to Speciality 
Restaurant? Because what's the way we look at how it would add value 
to the company? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: We would be holding around 34% of the demerge company post 
completion of the building. 
Sanjay Narayan Mahajan: Any work is ongoing. What's the stage of development over there? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Sorry, I'm not able to hear you properly. What is the question? 
Sanjay Narayan Mahajan: So any activity that has been at what stage of activity? We are there on 
Speciality Hospital. So is the DAPA been signed? Is the construction 
on? So where do we stand would be. Have we identified a 
development partner, and what are the timelines to develop that? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Mr. Sanjay, just to re-correct yourself. It is not Speciality Hospital. It 
would be Speciality... 
Sanjay Narayan Mahajan: Hospitality. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 24 
 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: No, it is under Speciality Hotels India Private Limited. The name of 
the company. 
Sanjay Narayan Mahajan: Okay. 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Joint development is progressing, and we would be able to complete 
the development by this financial year end itself. 
Sanjay Narayan Mahajan: Okay, that's pretty nice to know if you can. If I can squeeze one more 
question. The QSR segments to be very promising as per the private 
equity space and the interest shown by the other players in the market. 
So where do we stand as of numbers today on Walters. How many 
outlets do we have? 
 
Because I don't. I didn't find it in our presentation specific number. I 
think we are opening 4 more in this quarter upcoming quarters. But as 
of on this date till this date what is the number that we have Walters 
with us how many Walters? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: We operate three principal stores and two cloud kitchens at this -- 
currently as on date. 
Sanjay Narayan Mahajan: Okay. 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: And the like you yourself have seen in the presentation. The one which 
are being opened. Those are all physical stores not on cloud kitchen. 
And from a revenue perspective very insignificant to the total as of 
now. If you would have seen the presentation sir, it is 1.3% of the 
quarter revenues which have been charged generated from Walters. 
Sanjay Narayan Mahajan: Okay. Any other you would like to throw on what is really happening 
in this specifically burger space? Because there is lot -- there seems to 
be a lot of interest in this space. And we also have zero down on this as 
a brand in QSR. Anything that you'd like to talk about or understand in 
numbers of the where the PUG is moving, what's -- how big is the 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 24 
 
space, and what are the growth rates? Anything that you would like to 
help us understand? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
From the previous quarter we have grown almost 300%-odd with the 
addition of one new store only. And also overall looking at the model 
the central kitchen facility, and also bringing our margins high and cost 
down. What we see is also similar to you very promising segment in 
Walters Burger in the times to come. 
 
We are going to be growing this very rigorously, and we have in fact, 
built a specialized team of QSR, and 5 new stores coming up by the 
end of this year. And yes, as a segment and as a vertical, Speciality 
Restaurants will be heavily focused on Walters Burgers in the times 
and years to come as a QSR segment. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Zaki Abbas Nasser, an Individual 
Investor. 
Zaki Abbas Nasser: Yes. Mr. Rajesh, last quarter we had indicated that we have a cash of 
INR 162 crores one books with the continuing expansion and 15 new 
points to be opened. What would you expect to close the year at, sir, 
after whatever cash accrues, do you think we'll be able to close the 
year above this, or this will go down significantly? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: 
A very correct question to ask Mr. Zaki. The way we have worked our 
cash flows it looks like we will be able to maintain this number by the 
year end because the capex would be taken care of by the cash 
generation by the business in months to come. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I 
now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments over to you sir. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 24 
 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: On behalf of the management we are extremely thankful to all the 
participants who have spared their precious time and joined our 
investors call. Thank you so very much. 
Avik Chatterjee: 
I'd just like to add the next phase of Speciality Restaurants will be as 
much about building scalable brands as it is about building restaurants. 
Our focus is simple, profitable, discipline, disciplined growth while 
making our brands relevant to the next generation of customers. Thank 
you so very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you. 
