 
 
 
 
 
 
INTERARCH BUILDING SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Interarch Building Products Limited) 
Head Office : B-30, Sector 57, Noida - 201301, India. 
Tel.: +91 120 4170200, CIN: L45201DL1983PLC017029 
Registered Office: Farm No-8, Khasra No. 56/23/2, Dera Mandi Road, Mandi Village, Tehsil Mehrauli, New Delhi - 110047, India. 
Date: 14th August, 2026.  
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earning Call on the Un-Audited Financial Results for the quarter ended 30th 
June, 2026  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(0a) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 as amended, we 
hereby inform you that the transcript of Earning Call held on 7th August, 2026 to discuss the Financial 
Results of the Company for the quarter ended 30th June, 2026, is attached herewith. 
 
The above information is also available on www.interarchbuildings.com.  
 
Discussions were based on publicly available information. No unpublished price sensitive 
Information (UPSI) was discussed during the interactions.  
 
We request you to take the above on record and the same be treated as compliance under the 
applicable Regulations of SEBI LODR. 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
For INTERARCH BUILDING SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Interarch Building Products Limited) 
 
 
 
 
ARVIND NANDA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
 
 
 
DIN: 00149426 
              
 
 
 
To,
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: INTERARCH 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai- 400001 
BSE Scrip Code 544232 
ARVIND 
NANDA
Digitally signed 
by ARVIND 
NANDA 
Date: 2026.08.14 
10:44:17 +05'30'

 
 
 
“Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
1QFY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 07, 2026 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock 
exchange on 07th August 2026 will prevail. 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ARVIND NANDA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – INTERARCH 
BUILDING SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
MR. MANISH GARG – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – INTERARCH BUILDING SOLUTIONS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. VIRAJ NANDA, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – INTERARCH 
BUILDING SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
MR. PUSHPENDRA KUMAR BANSAL, CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – INTERARCH BUILDING SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
MR. ANIL KUMAR CHANDANI, PRESIDENT (CORPORATE 
FINANCE & STRATEGY) – INTERARCH BUILDING 
SOLUTIONS LIMITED 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 24 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Interarch Building Solutions 1QFY27 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this call is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Arvind Nanda, Managing Director. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Arvind Nanda: 
Thanks for taking time out to join the call. So I think people are now fairly familiar with what 
Interarch does and what a pre-engineered building is: a combination of engineering, design, 
marketing, production, delivery at site and erection, like a nut-and-bolt assembly of a plant of 
any size or any type. So over the years, Interarch has developed itself and made itself capable of 
designing, engineering, and executing various—very, very complex projects, very complex 
industries, paint lines, EVs, renewables, lithium batteries, data centres. 
 
And going forward, we are concentrating on making it capable of providing steel solutions for 
nearly every kind of building, which may come up in the future. So we are concentrating on 
heavy structure requirements, where buildings like high-rise buildings, data centers, large 
commercial buildings, large -- heavy buildings like power stations or steel plants, fertilizer 
plants, port infrastructure.  
The basic idea is to convert Interarch into a complete building solution that whatever kind of 
building you have, we may be able to engineer it, definitely able to detail it, produce it in-house, 
deliver it at site in a very proper sequence and pieces, ready-made, everything done and just 
assembled at site as a nut-and-bolt assembly. 
 
More and more people in India are looking at this as a solution for their construction because it 
is very fast. As we all know, speed is key; you save about 50%-60% time, plus all the work is 
off-site. And it's a lump-sum situation where one company takes responsibility for everything. 
So for the client, it's a very win-win situation.  
But as Interarch, as a pre-engineered building company, as a building steel solution company, 
we have to make ourselves capable. That is the key to this business. If we are not capable of 
doing these kinds of buildings or the customer doesn't perceive us to be capable, then there is no 
way that we can get orders. 
 
But I'm very proud to say that today, we are perceived as one of the top players and most of the 
challenging jobs, challenging clients, very complex clients do come to us for even their newer 
and newer requirements, knowing that Interarch will be able to or can. And if they do and they 
say yes, then they will be able to execute the challenge, whatever the new kind of buildings may 
be. So, in preparation of that, we have now started our heavy structure plant in Andhra Pradesh 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 24 
 
on a trial production basis; the official production—commercial production— should be by the 
end of this month, early next month. 
 
In the meanwhile, we have also started the Gujarat pre-engineered building plant, our first plant 
in Gujarat, on the 9th of July. The Phase 2 should be done by October. So that will be a full-
fledged plant during the year, adding to our capacity and making it our fifth fully integrated 
plant. The second phase of the heavy structure at the same location, the civil works, has already 
commenced.  
And we hope that the second phase will also be done by March, and in continuation, the third 
phase by December of next year to make it a full plant catering to about 75,000 to 80,000 square 
-- 80,000 tonnes of heavy structures. Because we see a lot of demand coming from data centers 
and high-rise buildings. In parallel, we are also working on a lot of export markets. We have 
been exporting to Africa and neighboring countries, but U.S. and Canada are very much on our 
horizon. 
 
We have found good buyers over there. We have found a good partner in Canada, a couple of 
them as well as in the U.S., who have started buying buildings from us. And we feel that as they 
are delivered, the numbers, quantity, and volume of exports will keep going up. We are 
concentrating on building up that market. We are participating in more and more exhibitions and 
conferences to meet more builders and convince them that we can do the kind of buildings they 
want and deliver on time. So that should give us a good new stream at least in '27, '28. 
 
For our projections, as we have mentioned, we will meet INR2,150 crores to INR2,200 crores 
this year. We are well on target. We have had a 30% -- 25% increase in the first quarter year-
on-year already. We have a very good order book. We have increased our order book in the last 
3 months to about INR1,860 crores now. So keeping in view that we want to do at least INR600 
crores per quarter going forward for the next 3 to 4 quarters on average, they could be up and 
down.  
We have started booking orders on that basis. There are a lot of inquiries, a lot of business 
available in the market. But like I always mentioned, we need to take orders we can deliver on 
time, because that is the most critical aspect of being a pre-engineered building company, with 
the heavy structure also starting, and at least in the next year, giving us the full capacity of Phase 
1 and partial Phase 2. We want to revise our projections for '27-'28 to INR2,700 crores from 
INR2,500 crores. 
 
For EBITDA and PBT, we are keeping them at the same level. But as we go forward, and I think 
our operational leverage and our internal control of expenses ticking in, we should increase our 
EBITDA. But currently, we are aiming for 9.5% to 10% in '27-'28 and '27 -- '26-'27 remaining 
as we had projected. So we are well on track for our projections. And I think now I will open 
the floor for questions so that a lot of points can come up during your questions and answers. 
Thank you. To Manish now. 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 24 
 
Manish Garg: 
Yes. So thank you, sir, and good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As Mr. 
Nanda said, we commenced FY27 on a positive note and the broad environment and the capacity 
expansions has already been briefed by Mr. Nanda already. So I would like to just give you an 
update on the order book and immediately followed by the financial highlights, and then we 
have the questions and answers.  
So our pipeline continues to remain healthy, reflecting sustained customer confidence and 
improving investment activity across the industry. We operate virtually in all industries, 
including the sunrise industry like the semiconductor, EV, data centers and all of those kinds. 
 
And as of 31st July '26, our order book stood at INR1,864 crores, significantly better than where 
it was 3 months ago when we addressed the last investor meet. It also includes a major order for 
a major energy company in Vadodara, which is INR165 crores.  
And we continue to remain disciplined in our order selection and quality of the orders, focusing 
on projects that align with our execution capability, strategic priorities, and profitability 
objectives. And our diversified customer base and integrated business model position us well to 
capitalize on the opportunities emerging across India's industrial landscape. 
 
Looking ahead, we remain focused on the execution, strengthening the customer relationship 
and expanding our manufacturing and engineering capabilities, which are our core of the 
business. Our integrated business model, backed by our strong in-house engineering, helps us 
achieving our objectives quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year.  
While the first half of the financial year is expected to remain relatively measured due to the 
seasonal factors in our business, we expect execution momentum to improve progressively as 
we get out of the monsoon and over the coming quarters. 
 
And with a robust balance sheet, expanding manufacturing footprint, disciplined capital 
allocation and continued investments in future-ready capability. We remain well positioned to 
capitalize on India's evolving industrial and infrastructure investment cycle.  
Coming to the financial highlights for Q1FY27, revenue for the quarter stood at INR460 crores, 
registering a year-on-year growth of 20.7% compared to INR381 crores in the same quarter last 
year.  
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR39 crores as against INR32 crores in the last year same 
quarter, reflecting a growth of 24.6%, which is more than the revenue growth, so the pricing is 
better. EBITDA margin for Q1 FY27 remained stable at 8.6%. Profit after tax for the quarter 
remained flat at INR28 crores as a function of the other incomes, which I will explain later. And 
the total order book, as I explained, is upwards of INR1,864 crores. 
 
So thank you very much, and we can open the floor for the questions and answers. 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 24 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Sudeep from Ambit Capital. 
Sudeep: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. My question was on the revenue run rate for Q1. So you 
mentioned that for 9 months, the revenue run rate for FY27 would be around INR600 crores per 
quarter. So this time, it was around INR460 crores, lower than Q3 of last year and Q4 of last 
year. So what was the reason, like what was the reason behind lower kind of revenue number 
for this quarter? 
Arvind Nanda: 
See, normally because of the seasonal conditions, of clearances at site and what's happening at 
site, you will notice that nearly every year, the pickup is -- the first quarter is lower than second 
quarter, and then third and fourth, that is how it picks up in any case. So there is nothing unusual 
about it. And so order book is in place, capacity is in place. It's just that during these 2 quarters, 
the first 2 quarters, sometimes the clearances and site conditions don't allow us to dispatch these 
customized materials. 
 
So that's why I said, we are aiming for INR600 crores a quarter. We have to actually do about 
INR1,700 crores in the next 9 months to meet our target. So we will -- it will vary a little bit in 
each quarter. It's not going to be flat. So it could move up to, say, INR550 crores and then 
INR600 crores and then INR620 crores like that. But that is the standard sort of trend we have 
seen in the past as well. So nothing unusual. 
Sudeep: 
Okay. Sir, it was actually lower than Q2 of last year, and we had a commissioning of capacity, 
40,000 MT coming up in September-October '25. So that was the reason why I asked, like why 
was it even lower than Q2 of 2026. 
Arvind Nanda: 
Like I said, a lot depends on our clearances that we get. Q1, Q2 can be different, depending 
where our work is going on. Sometimes in the first quarter, there is rains or there is no clearances 
at certain sites because we are doing work there and the sites are flooded and work cannot be 
done. And the second quarter becomes better and sometimes it is vice versa. So there's nothing 
to worry about it. And what we got into production last September was the second phase of the 
Andhra plant. The first phase was already there. 
 
The second phase, which is about 20,000 tonnes, came into play in September last year and is 
being utilized now. So there is no reason to worry because our business is not always the same 
every quarter. First 2 quarters can vary. So nothing to worry about it. 
Sudeep: 
Sure. Got it, sir. Sir, my next question was on the announcement of QIP. So that is like INR250-
odd crores. So what would be the kind of envisaged utilization of proceeds? 
Arvind Nanda: 
We had earlier got approval for INR100 crores in the Board meeting 6 months ago and got the 
shareholders' approval. Then we figured that there's a lot of change happening in the Indian 
landscape of industry, and we need to speeden up our expansion plans. So the basic fund 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 24 
 
utilization is that the Phase 2 and Phase 3 of heavy structure, which I mentioned earlier, in 
Andhra itself will be about INR150 crores. 
 
We sped it up. Earlier, it was going to be a little slower on phase a year. Now we are doing in 
1.5 years, all 3 phases. Then another plant in Gujarat, to meet our pre-engineered building 
requirements we will need another plant in Gujarat, for which we already bought the land. So 
that's another INR50 crores to INR60 crores and INR50 crores to INR60 crores will be required 
for our, what we have signed, our MOU with the Canadian company to set up a 100% export 
unit for steel structure, which is called open web joist system to be exported 100% to them. 
 
So that is overall sort of broad figures, about INR140 crores, INR150 crores in heavy structure, 
INR50 crores to INR60 crores in the Gujarat Plant 2; Plant 2, not Phase 2 of this but Plant 2 and 
the open web joist system, 100% export unit. And to just give you an idea, the last time we raised 
funds was in the IPO of about INR180 crores. Until today, we have already spent about INR240 
crores in capex in the last 2 years, 2 years, say, from first April '24 to now. So the idea is to speed 
up the expansion and not wait for internal resources because right now, the market is picking up 
and we feel that we should be a major participant in the market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anuj Shah from PhillipCapital. 
Anuj Shah: 
Congratulations on a steady set of numbers. Coming on to the JV that we signed with ER Steel 
in Canada. Could you just elaborate on the rationale behind this partnership and synergies that 
Interarch expects to derive in terms of say, technology or product capabilities, customer 
acquisition? And what sort of revenue potential do you envisage from this venture over the next 
couple of years, 2 to 3 years' timeframe? 
Arvind Nanda: 
See, we had met this company a year, 1.5 years ago for basically exports to pre-engineered 
buildings to Canada and North America. So while we were talking to them, and they visited our 
factories and met us. And they felt that we had the capabilities because the North American 
market requires very high quality and very precise deliveries. They are very conscious of that, 
while they are able to pay the price for it. So they felt that there is a system called open web joist 
system in U.S., which is very commonly used, but only in the North American market. 
 
Very few other countries in the world, and India, of course, don't use it at all. So they felt that 
there is a huge market in North America. And if we collaborate, I mean, we concentrate on the 
marketing, on the manufacturing and the factory part of it, and they concentrate on the sales and 
the engineering and getting the customer that we can build up a good market for it. They have 
been buying in the past from other players in U.S. 
 
And it's -- there are not that many players because this is an item which requires a lot of 
manpower and manufacturing, and the U.S. and Canada don't seem to be very competitive in it. 
So the idea was that we would set up a joint venture. We concentrate on the manufacturing part, 
make the item they sell, they send us the orders, we manufacture and we supply to them and the 
Canadian and U.S. part is looked after by them, whether it is sales, whether it is collection, 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 24 
 
whether it is installation, everything is looked after by them. So we are very keen overall to build 
up an export market. So we feel that exports should be an important vertical going forward. And 
the right time to build up is now, when there's a lot of demand from the North American market 
and other countries as well. 
 
And we are in a good position to sort of give the expertise that we have developed over the last 
20-25 years in manufacturing, in design, in quality standards to other people and leverage on 
that. Exports will be more profitable. Prices there are higher. We will make more profit. The 
expense on sales marketing is 0. Expense on project management is 0. So therefore, we feel that 
exports are very important, and this is a part of that overall strategy. Over a period of time, this 
plant is being set up for about 15,000 tonnes. 
 
So I feel that over a period of time, if we take an average price currently, we can take about 
$1.50. So it will be about $20 million to $23 million at full capacity. But of course, it will take 
2 to 3 years because it's not going to be overnight that we'll get this figure. In our first phase, we 
are planning about 4,000 to 5,000 tonnes, which will give us sales of about $7.5 million. And so 
about, say, INR70-75 crores, with a good -- I would say maybe with a 20% EBITDA margin on 
that. And capacity is, of course, 3x of that. So in the next 2 to 3 years, I think we should develop 
into -- the production time in 1 year, we should be in production by 1st July or end July next 
year. 
 
And then it will take us about 2 to 3 years to build up this capacity. That is our idea. Maybe it 
will be faster. But of course, we will be ready to expand into another phase of this if the demand 
picks up; that is how we are planning it. So overall, this plant will give us about $22 million to 
$23 million of sales from India, and a profitability of over 20% is what we are aiming for. 
Anuj Shah: 
Okay. Understood, sir. My second question is, sir, what is the current capacity utilization that 
you've done in Q1, sir? 
Arvind Nanda: 
So we have a current capacity of approximately, with the Gujarat plant also coming up, of about 
200,000 tonnes to 220,000 tonnes. And if I'm not mistaken, I think we have done about 190,000 
tonnes last year, Manish, is that the right figure? 
Manish Garg: 
162,000 tonnes and we had a capacity of 200 (Errata: Correct number to be read as 200,000 
tonnes) at that time, sir, it was about 80%. 
Arvind Nanda: 
Okay. So you can answer that question in full to them. 
Manish Garg: 
Yes. So the last year capacity, sir, was 200,000 tonnes. And with the inauguration of the Kheda 
plant Phase 1, it has gone up to 221,000 tonnes, to be precise. And last year, our sales was 
162,000 metric tons. So that's a capacity utilization of 80%. But in our business, the utilizable 
capacity is about 85% to 90% of the installed capacity. So if I look at the utilizable capacity, we 
were at about 88% of the utilizable capacity. 
Anuj Shah: 
And in Q1, how much utilization was done, sir? 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 24 
 
Manish Garg: 
Yes. So Q1, our sales are about 38,000—sorry, yes, 38,499 tonnes. So 38,500 tonnes is the total 
volume that we have done in Q1. 
Anuj Shah: 
Okay. Out of the 2 lakh... 
Manish Garg: 
That is correct, yes. So that's about 80% again because the quarterly capacity is 50,000 tonnes. 
So of that... 
Anuj Shah: 
Okay. Understood. Understood. As far as the outlook is concerned. So full year, we are aiming 
for INR2,200 crores to INR2,300-odd crores revenue. But are we also confident of maintaining 
our margins? Because this time, we've done around close to 8.5%, 8.6% kind of a margin. Are 
we confident of recouping that, and I mean, shifting away to 9%, 9.5%, to 10% kind of a margin 
that we've done in the previous years. What sort of margin trajectory are we aiming for in this 
year and probably next year as well? 
Arvind Nanda: 
Well, we are aiming for a sales target of INR2,150 crores right now. So we are trying to increase 
our margins. I think as we get into more complex job and more complex clients, I think our 
margins should go up. And also, again, we are concentrating a lot on our internal economy: 
better purchasing, less wastage, better recoveries, other cost reductions that we can get as a 
bigger company to increase our margins internally as well. So we are working on both.  
And I think margins will gradually go up with addition of exports, with the addition of heavy 
structures. We are also trying to leverage our present expenses to increase our turnover in these 
lines. So I think it will show results, but I'm not very sure that it will show immediate results this 
year because we have to also, whenever we open new plants and new areas like we have done, 
Gujarat and heavy structure, a lot of expense goes into that in advance of actually the sale 
happening. But I think on '27, '28, we are quite hopeful that we should increase our margins 
substantially. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ronald from ICICI Securities. 
Ronald: 
Firstly, sir, on the treasury income part. So does this quarter have lower other income because 
of lower treasury? Does the working capital ratio, especially on the payment side, which you 
were getting affected last quarter, still persist? Or has it normalized? 
Arvind Nanda: 
No, no, we are in a much better condition. Last quarter, we had explained that a lot of the large 
projects were in the stage where the billing had been done, money had not been recovered. And 
we had also stocked a little bit extra because steel prices were going up. And on the other side, 
to get proper supplies, which a lot of people were not able to get, we were paying the suppliers 
sort of literally advanced payments to buy the steel. So all these 3 questions—3 things —together 
had that negative effect. 
 
We are back to positive now. And I think the other treasury is because we are spending money 
on capex. Like I mentioned earlier, also out of INR180 crores that we raised during the IPO, 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 24 
 
we've already spent INR230-240 crores. So the money has -- earlier, the treasury funds were 
coming in and interest coming in because we had that money with us.  
Now it is getting spent. So in a way, it is a good thing. And depreciation is also going up. So 
other income is basically the money that we were holding while we had to spend it. So instead 
of holding it, we have now built up the capacity. But we will -- that should give us more 
operational profit going forward, of course. 
Ronald: 
Okay. Great, sir. Secondly, on -- just a clarification that if there is a large order, then it comes 
out for tendering, then does that order have already got the design and those things done, and 
there's a cut-off already. So you now have to bid. So instead of you designing everything, I was 
a little bit confused about whether, say, a mid- to larger-sized company, if they come out for 
some plant expansion or anything of that sort. So they should have done an estimation of the 
capex, what they are going to do through a consultant or through a designer already, rather than 
PEB players again doing the designing and going for the bid. 
Arvind Nanda: 
Okay. Manish, can you answer the question? 
Manish Garg: 
Yes. So I'll answer this, sir. Sir, in our case, any customer who is building a new factory or a 
data centre or any kind of building- when we use the word designed for them, it is basically the 
layout, meaning how the building flow will be there, where which machine will fit. We do not 
get the final structural design from either the consultant or the customer. They only do based on 
the -- they only do the budgeting based on their past experience. 
 
For every bid, we only get what we call a design basis RFQ and the architectural drawings basis, 
which we carry out the entire structural design, not the building layout design, calculate the bill 
of quantity, how much of which steel is going to get used and then bid. So, for each building, it 
has to be first estimated, then quoted, and then the order will come to us, and then we will do 
the final detailing. There is no design that comes to us from the consultant. That is what our 
business is. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubhankar Gupta from Equitree Capital. 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
First question is that I think, Arvind sir, you mentioned that there were a lot of changes 
happening in the industrial landscape [inaudible 0:30:25] numbers, right? Just wanted to 
understand [inaudible 0:30:31] if you can guide us a bit on that. 
Arvind Nanda: 
I think we lost a little bit of signal. Can you just repeat the question, please? 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
So I'm saying that you initially mentioned that the QIP of INR100 crores was cancelled out and 
QIP of INR250 crores was approved by the Board, right? Because of the changes happening in 
the industrial landscape, and we… 
Moderator: 
Mr. Shubhankar, your line is not clear. 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 24 
 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
Is it audible? 
Arvind Nanda: 
Yes, but we lose you at some point. 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
Yes. Sorry, okay. So what I'm asking is, as you mentioned at the beginning of the call, we were 
planning a QIP of INR100 crores earlier, but have done INR250 crores, right? Because of 
changes in the industrial landscape, which we were observing on the ground. So just wanted to 
understand what those changes are and what's happening on the ground. That's one. 
Arvind Nanda: 
Yes. See, what we are seeing is that two things are happening. One is, of course, a lot of the 
large projects are coming into India because India is trying to encourage them through PLI 
schemes and other semiconductor plants, renewable plants, lithium battery plants, EVs And now 
again, the car industry has started moving again automobile industry which was not building for 
many years because -- so there's a lot of industrial movement because of these very large plants. 
 
Most of these industries require very large plants. So therefore, the size has increased 
dramatically. A lot of the FMCG and paint, they're also coming back. But another thing 
happening in our landscape is that the use of steel as a building material is also changing. In -- 
like I said, data centers, high-rise buildings, these are also moving a lot towards steel. So both 
these things happening together is straining everybody's capacity.  
So either we bid and take the order, but then we need to have the capacity because these orders 
are very large. Most of the large orders today, whether it is EV, whether [inaudible 0:32:46] 
they're all divided between 2 to 3 companies, but there's no one company which can do it even 
now. So that is a big change in landscape. One is the size of the projects that the government of 
India, at least, is trying to attract into India? And what is happening? And second is the usage of 
steel, and a lot of projects which were not using steel earlier. 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
Got it. So sir, second question is actually on similar line only. So you mentioned that we have 
been entering the newer segments, data centers, right, renewables probably. So just wanted to 
understand, like, what part of our -- like the Q1 revenue came from these newer segments. If 
you could help us elaborate a bit on what these newer segments are according to you? And then 
what percentage of the order book of INR1,864 crores is from these newer segments? Also of 
these... 
Arvind Nanda: 
Yes, carry on. 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
Sir, I'm saying also, are these -- the newer segments only, are they also margin accretive 
(inaudible 33:40) for us? 
Arvind Nanda: 
See, what we are calling newer sectors is that these renewables EVs, lithium battery, data centers, 
semiconductors, the chips. There are a lot of these, which we are calling the new age industries. 
So that is coming in a big way in India because Indian government is also trying to attract phones, 
phone assembly as we have seen the numbers have gone up. So I think this is what we are calling 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 24 
 
the new age industry. And we have positioned ourselves pretty well to cater to that kind of 
industry in India. So margin accretive depends on the competition. 
 
Yes, of course, as they become larger, you become one of the few companies which can do it. 
But you are not the only company. So it's not that I can demand whatever I want. But yes, they 
know that only 2 or 3 of the companies can do this kind of project. So you don't compete with 
everybody else who can bid get very low.  
But here the emphasis of the client also is that the doability. Will these guys be able to engineer 
design my project in time produce it in time, deliver it in time, erect it in time and in a proper 
sequence? So those things are in his mind. It is not only a production item because it starts from 
design engineering and then whole thing has to be delivered in a sequence because these projects 
are so large that I can't deliver everything and then start erection. 
 
I have to deliver in very tight proper sequence. Every nut and bolt for a certain area has to go 
together with all the columns and beams, then only when it gets installed. So that is how the 
customer mindset works. So naturally, we earn a little better margin also because the moment 
the size of the project increases our productivity level also goes up. A INR10 crores project will 
be costlier for than INR100 crores project. Sometime I might have to go lower in price for 
INR100 crores project as a margin, but might end up making more. 
 
And as I increase my turnover, then actually my overhead gets divided over a larger turnover. 
So there are a lot of things at play in this business. Sometimes I will take a very large order at a 
low margin, sometimes I can get good margin. But our idea is to build up a clientele which will 
give us some good margin, appreciate us, give us a good margin, give us a good value. We 
deliver a great job and the total capex involved in our building even in the lithium battery or that 
is very low compared to their total capex. 
 
But it's a very critical item of capex for them. If the building is not done on time, there's nothing 
that they can do. So therefore, it will get -- so our focus is that only that go with the large 
companies, go with the companies which appreciate partnership with a company like us, which 
deliver, which are professional in working, which are very knowledgeable in design, 
engineering, very good in sales.  
So make yourself a good partner to the world's best companies in India. And then I think it will 
come. So we can only do the effort. The results sometimes are not really in your control. But our 
effort is to reach a point where we do make much better profit than we make today. We don't 
think we are making very good profits. We should do much, much better. But then it's not -- 
everything is not in our hands, yes. 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
Got it, sir. No, fair. I mean just my questions on this were from Q1, like what are the new 
segments which you just mentioned, what percentage of... 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 24 
 
Arvind Nanda: 
I don't have the exact breakup. Manish, do you have the exact breakup or we can send it to them 
later? 
Manish Garg: 
No, we can send it to them later. But I can tell you that part of the -- next part of your question 
that how much of our order book is through this new age industry and new segment, that's about 
35%. 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
35%. Okay. Got it. That's helpful, sir. 
Manish Garg: 
Of the remaining order book. With the new age industries as well as the new sector, which is the 
multistory buildings and data centers and hotels and all of that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshay Kolekar from Dalal & Broacha. 
Akshay Kolekar: 
So my question is basically on the PEB business. So based on the recent conversation on the call 
and over the last 1 to 2 years, you are doing capex. So it looks like this industry is quite capital 
intensive. So would you agree that the sustainability in a growing business is difficult without 
regular investment that like in PEB industry require capex in manufacturing capacity? Like how 
should investors think about this? Yes, that's it. That's my first question. 
Arvind Nanda: 
See, how much do you want to expand capacity? That is the key in this. It's up to you. I mean, 
you don't have to expand capacity if you don't want to increase your business. But we feel that 
we are in a very good position in this industry. The country is in a very good space where it is 
expanding fast. People need to build faster, build bigger. They are shifting to steel as a building 
material very easily. They want to deal with one company as a lump-sum, one-stop shop kind of 
thing. So we are in a very good space.  
So we are building capex at a speed where we feel that we can cater to the market. And even 
like I've always mentioned that for us, it is a 4-legged animal. So just by putting money in the 
factory, which is what is most visible, it doesn't make a pre-engineered building company. I have 
to make sure that my sales, marketing, design engineering people, project management, certified 
builders, truck driver, trade, everything is in place, before I can get an order and execute it. 
 
Most visible in expenditure is, of course, the factory. But it's entirely up to us. We feel that our 
clients are growing. They want to give us more business. Many times, I have to refuse and not 
being able to take it. So that is, I think, a company choice. It's not a business. Otherwise, I don't 
think we are a very high capex kind of company, business as well.  
But it's our choice. We want to grow fast. We want to take advantage of the changing situation. 
And we have made up our mind that we have to be in the top 2 companies in India, come what 
may. And actually, we cannot be in the top 2 companies if we don't have the capacity. There's 
no question. So that is our decision. 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 24 
 
Akshay Kolekar: 
Okay. Got it. And my second question is, how much of our current contribution is from exports? 
And what is your medium-term target for the export mix? Like, you are doing the JV with a 
Canadian company. And how the margin profile in export, it is better than domestic business? 
Arvind Nanda: 
No, Manish, can you answer that? No, no, right now exports are very low part, but Manish will 
give you a detailed answer. 
Manish Garg: 
Yes. So sir, if we talk of particularly quarter 1, our export contribution is very little. So out of, 
let us say, about INR460 crores, it will be in the range of INR10 crores to INR12 crores. So 
that's answer number one. Answer number 2 is that, yes, whether it is export of our pre-
engineered steel building to any country, be it North America or Africa, for which we have order 
books. Or the new business that we are talking about, the open web steel joist, which Mr. Nanda 
also clarified that there the EBITDA could be in the north of 20%. 
 
So the answer is that for pre-engineered steel building business, exports do give us a little better 
margin than the domestic. And this special open web steel joist joint venture with Canadian 
company should give us an EBITDA in excess of about 20%. 
Akshay Kolekar: 
And how is the target, your medium-term target for export mix? 
Manish Garg: 
Yes. So as we said, that open web steel joist will come up somewhere sort of in the quarter -- 
end of quarter 2 next year, whereas in short to medium term, we want to do about 10% of our 
total turnover through exports. That's in the short to medium term, 1 to 2 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aasim from DAM Capital. 
Aasim: 
Just 2 questions. So this time in your revenue breakup for Q1, you have talked about 10% coming 
from buildings, which earlier used to be 2% or even 0% earlier. So just can you talk about what 
kind of buildings these were? Was it heavy structure linked, or is something else part of it, since 
your heavy structure capacity is only coming up now? 
Manish Garg: 
Okay. So in a segment, sir, we specified the 3 segments. One is industrial, which is purely 
manufacturing units for people. Number two is warehousing and logistics and number 3 is what 
we specified as buildings. Buildings are basically institutions. So it is -- it could be a flight 
kitchen, it could be a commercial building. It could be an office building, it could be a multistory 
building for somebody or a process building. 
 
So yes, that particular segment, which was not using steel as much as it is using now, is 
converting very fast from the RCC-framed buildings into steel-framed buildings. And this 
particular segment, which is the building segment, which is like what is not industry and 
warehouse is what comes here is growing significantly. Even now, our order book has orders for 
multi-story buildings within Delhi, outside Delhi, at the airport, a hotel, a data center. So yes, 
this quarter, it did include a data center as well within the 10% that we made in Noida for RailTel 
Corporation. So that segment is growing. 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 24 
 
Aasim: 
So these buildings will not just be heavy structures. It could be, I guess, lightweight structures 
as well, right? It's just a multistory building at the end of the day. 
Manish Garg: 
Yes, so a multistory building could use a combination of the heavy structure, plus some part of 
it will be out of the pre-engineered building manufacturing segment, some part of the building. 
So that's how you can call it that some of the multistory building could be hybrid that maybe 70-
75% of it will come out of the heavy structure plant and 20-25% could come from here. Because 
you already have a line operational in Pantnagar Kichha, for making these heavy structures 
already. 
Arvind Nanda: 
See, heavy structure, just to add to your line. I mean there is no like heavy structure building and 
light structure building. It gives us an advantage of how to make that building in the most -- in 
the best commercial technical, like you say, techno-commercial manner because of the variety 
of items we can make. So then we can give the best commercial technical solution to the 
customer.  
So there is nothing that will only go from the heavy structure or only go on a PEB plant. For us, 
the whole thing is a steel solution. What is the best solution, and can we make it in-house? That 
is the idea of making all now after the heavy structure plant, we'll be fully equipped to really 
make anything for a steel building. That is our idea. 
Aasim: 
Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it. So basically, steel structure will have part heavy, part light. That's 
how you want to look at it. So if I wanted to ask if your existing order book has any heavy 
structure numbers in it, or in your bid pipeline for that matter, that would technically not be—I 
mean, not be a relevant question, right? That's how I should understand it? 
Arvind Nanda: 
Yes, it's a relevant question. So if we can always divide it, okay, now this building we got and 
80% of this is being made in that heavy structure plant. So we can divide it like that. Our idea is 
to -- our idea is that we should not be restricted in either bidding for a building because it requires 
a lot of heavy structure which I can't do competitively. So we were earlier restricted. In many 
kinds of buildings, we were not able to bid because we were not competitive since we didn't 
have our own heavy equipment. So you can divide it, but for us, it is to give the best solution to 
the customer. 
Aasim: 
Got it. Got it. Okay. And just lastly, I mean, I ask, so in your -- now that your heavy structure 
line has started or rather will start by next month, I'm assuming your heavy structure part of your 
order book will still be negligible, although you did say that 35% is new age PEB and heavy 
structures. But in terms of bid pipelines, are you already seeing—are you already bidding for 
projects that involve heavy structures plus the lighter grade? 
Arvind Nanda: 
Yes, as a general strategy, we start going into the market much before we set up a plant, even 
though we might not take orders or take orders, get it made from where outside. But as a general 
strategy, we always make sure that there is a market and we can bid for it. And yes, if we had 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 24 
 
our own plant, we would -- the customer would give us the order also. You have to have that 
position. We can't do it after we set up the plant. 
 
So in fact, we already have our first order, which we will put into trial production and 
commercial production for our data center to be manufactured in the new plant. We already have 
that thing. But yes, of course, we have to do it a little slowly because the speed, the quality, that 
quantity, what we can deliver is a little -- something new for us. So these are completely new 
machines, different machines, different processes.  
And like I said, at Interarch, we are always very concerned about our reputation that once we 
take something, we have to do it. So business is there. There's plenty of business in the market 
that is available, and I think everybody is doing well, companies like JSSL, SISCOL, I mean 
they are all reasonably full companies which are doing mainly these kinds of buildings. 
 
So I don't think business will be a problem, but we are taking it slowly because we want to not 
make -- have a misstep going forward. That's why, for next year, we are taking about INR200 
crores of this business added to our projections and increasing the projection to INR2,700 crores. 
And then another quarter or 2, we will know and then maybe we'll revise projection, but our idea 
is always to be a little cautious. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devang Patel from Sameeksha Capital. 
Devang Patel: 
Sir, the last couple of orders have execution period of 15 to 16 months versus 8 to 12 months for 
our normal orders. Could you please explain what is different for these orders? 
Arvind Nanda: 
Manish? 
Manish Garg: 
Yes. So sir, these are orders from the energy sector. So some of them are for the valve halls for 
the HVDC transmission line wherein the engineering and the site clearances take a bit longer 
than a standard industrial project. And that is why these orders have a little longish period. So 
you get your sites cleared for execution in about 6 months after you get the order. 
 
Otherwise, we get it in about 2 to 3 months, and that is why these are very specialized orders for 
the HVDC transmission lines or for very heavy transformer manufacturing wherein the 
foundation and the civil work and the associated work, which is a preceding activity for us to 
begin and the complicated engineering approvals takes a bit longer than the normal cycle and 
such orders are normally on the variable price concept. That is why the tenure is a bit longer. 
Devang Patel: 
And if it is a transmission line project, that is what it seems, is it with a power utility or is it with 
EPC contractor? 
Manish Garg: 
No, it is for an EPC contractor. It is from an EPC contractor. And it is not for transmission line 
per se. It is for the center from -- in a transmission line, there is A and there is B. The place A is 
where the power is generated, and B is where it is transferred to. So there are stations on either 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 24 
 
side. So this is one of those HVDC transmission central stations. So they are for very large 
multinational power companies, which makes these solutions which are HVDC solutions. 
Devang Patel: 
This is not a typical PEB order where you do the whole turnkey of the site? 
Manish Garg: 
For turnkey means we only do the steel work. We don't do the civil or electrical or plumbing. 
So they are -- all our orders are only for design, manufacture, supply and erection of the steel 
buildings, which is the superstructure. We don't do any other thing in any of the works. 
Devang Patel: 
Okay. The second question was on your cash flows in Q1 last year; in the second half of Q4, we 
had a negative cash flow. Could you confirm what is our cash flows in the first quarter, if you 
have those numbers? 
Manish Garg: 
Yes. We have the numbers. And let me just tell you. We had INR26.83 crores positive cash flow 
in Q1 from operating activities. So it is almost equal to the PEB. The INR26.83 crores is the 
positive cash flow from operations during the quarter. 
Devang Patel: 
Okay. But some of the outflows we had are not completely reversed as yet. So the rest of the 
year, you could still have a further better conversion? 
Manish Garg: 
Absolutely. Absolutely. We look forward to having much more positive cash flows during the 
remainder of the year, definitely. 
Devang Patel: 
Okay. And with the orders that you're getting now, are we able to get better customer advances? 
Manish Garg: 
Our advances have always been -- sir, our advances have always been better. I think we did 
explain last year's negative operating cash flow: that we executed some very large orders on a 
work contract basis, very large orders last year. So those are now getting completed, and the 
billing and the payment collection is being done. So that was a very specific reason why it has 
become what it has become. So there are very standard advance payment terms that we have for 
all orders, which were there and are still there. So yes, the advances are intact. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vineet Mehta from Ashika Group. 
Vineet Mehta: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I just wanted to know because you have planned to 
accelerate your capex in wake of new demand. So can you give me a road map of what amount 
you are going to spend this year and what amount you're going to spend next year? 
Arvind Nanda: 
Turnover figures? 
Manish Garg: 
No, he's talking about the capex that we spent last year and capex we want to spend this financial 
year. 
Vineet Mehta: 
No, I'm saying this year and next year because you are going to accelerate your capex plans, 
right? 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 24 
 
Manish Garg: 
This year and next year, okay. 
Arvind Nanda: 
Yes. I think approximately half of INR250 crores this year and half of INR250 crores next year. 
I think that is the projection, Manish, if I'm not mistaken. 
Manish Garg: 
Yes, sir. Yes, sir. So it's about INR129 crores this year and INR133 crores next year. 
Vineet Mehta: 
Okay. So just a follow-up. Let's say that you have INR80 crores last year. And this year also, 
you will make a good profit of around, as per your estimates and PAT and all this; we do a basic 
calculation, it should come around INR150 crores to INR160 crores plus INR80 crores from last 
year plus depreciation? Broadly what I'm trying to say is we will still have enough cash. Why 
are we accelerating this QIP? Is there, like, a sense which I'm not getting in this whole scenario? 
Arvind Nanda: 
See, there's also working capital requirements. There's also an idea of having financial strength. 
And like we have realized earlier that situation changes pretty fast. So our call was that do we 
keep going back for more and more funds as we require? Or we have the funds and we can speed 
our capex faster if we need to. The market situation demands, working capital is also a very 
critical requirement while we generate our own funds, but working capital is very critical as we 
go into larger orders. 
 
So to keeping everything in view that whilst we were given is that whatever you need for next 2 
years, raise it together, then you will have the speed in your control rather than going back to 
the market again and again. So that's all and our own funds, which we will generate, we will 
need them for working capital, etcetera, etcetera, because this is mainly just capex going into the 
plants. It's a business which will require working capital as well. So that is advice we have been 
given that don't go for it twice or thrice, do it once. 
 
But still the timing is not decided. We haven't decided. We will go for it when we need it, which 
could be this year, early -- I mean, within the next quarter, within the next 4 months, but the idea 
is to get the approvals and keep it; then we can go with the speed of the market rather than our 
own decided speed today. So that's a general advice, and I think it is sensible advice to follow. 
Vineet Mehta: 
Okay. And like the new capacities which come up, do they also operate at 90%? Or initially, this 
is very low. Like, can you help me with what the ramp-up time will be to go to 90% at the 
existing facilities? 
Arvind Nanda: 
I think pre-engineered building, we are reasonably sure that we will be able to keep 80% to 90% 
in that. For the heavy structure, I think we will have a better idea by March this year. Of course, 
everybody starts on the projection that there's a huge demand, and we are setting up a very small 
plant. So we should be able to meet it, and we have been in the market, so we should be able to 
get the orders.  
But I would like to be more definite about the heavy-structure plant utilisation after a few 
months. For the pre-engineered building, we are pretty sure because we only set up a new plant 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 24 
 
once we are sure that our existing plants are meeting 80% to 90%. We just want to be ready. 
That's all. 
Vineet Mehta: 
Okay. And one more thing, like in your commentary, I read the near-term challenges arising 
from external market conditions. Can you elaborate on that, what type of challenges you are 
seeing? 
Arvind Nanda: 
From external? 
Vineet Mehta: 
So in the commentary, you have written about our revenue has grown by 20%, EBITDA has 
increased despite of near-term challenges arising from external market conditions. So can you 
elaborate on what type of challenges you are seeing in this market conditions, like...? 
Arvind Nanda: 
Yes, I think everybody is going through similar challenges because of the Iran war, prices going 
up, shortages, steel shortage, steel prices going up and remaining higher up, meeting those 
challenges. Manpower, I think nearly everybody has faced that problem in manpower, while our 
factory manpower is still more under control, but the site manpower with our certified builders 
has been a challenge. So I think these challenges are generally there, but I mean, we also believe 
that some challenge or the other will keep coming up. But these have been little extraordinary, 
yes. 
Vineet Mehta: 
No, no, that was fair. My question was related because if you are operating at 90% and 
everything is going smooth. What type of challenges are you still seeing there. Going forward, 
what will ease down so you see better -- good environment for you? That is what my sense was 
that part of the... 
Arvind Nanda: 
We are saying that we are very good at meeting challenges. So a lot of challenges came up and 
we met all of them. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Jain from Fair Value Equity. 
Nitin Jain: 
Congratulations on a decent quarter. So my first question is on the revenue guidance for the year. 
You have a very strong order book growth in the first quarter. Like sequentially, we have grown 
9% and the revenue growth also has been good at 20% plus. Besides the capacities are coming 
up as planned, but we are still guiding for mid-teens growth. So do we foresee any quarter of 
single-digit growth or we are just being conservative? 
Arvind Nanda: 
No, I think we are going by our capacity also. Andhra plant came up last year, and we managed 
to do better in the second, third quarter last year because of the Andhra plant capacity. Now after 
that, the new capacity has come up in Gujarat Phase 1 and Phase 2 by October or so. So keeping 
the capacities in view, we are trying to see whether we can make the plants more productive, 
etcetera.  
But currently, we don't feel that we can cross -- if you look at our earlier projections that we had 
given 2 years ago, we had said that we will reach about INR2,000 crores in '26, '27 and then 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 24 
 
grow this year by 20%, 25% -- or next year by 20%, 25% because of the added capacity. 
Capacities came in play. 
 
See, there are a lot of challenges which keep coming up. I mean, a lot of people accuse us of 
trying to give low projections and then try to meet it. But the thing is in this business, you have 
to be very cautious. Just because business is available, you can't take everything that comes your 
way. We don't want to take business which is -- doesn't suit our client profile, doesn't suit our 
delivery schedules, doesn't suit our payment terms. So we are a little cautious as a company.  
And while we are building up capacity, but we have to be very careful on the other fronts as 
well. So I think it might beat the projections this year. But I think we'll have a better idea by 
maybe another 3 to 4 months, how is the Gujarat plant performing, how is the Andhra Phase 1 
and Phase 2 are now working and they keep working at full capacity. 
 
So I think we are a little cautious because this is a business where it is better to be a little cautious 
than to go all out and start taking every order that comes your way and then suffer for various 
reasons, which we have seen in the past. It's very easy to be gung-ho when the things are good, 
but you have to also be prepared that you have to be very careful to stay on track. So we'll see 
maybe by next investor call, we might revise. But currently, we don't want to revise this year. 
Nitin Jain: 
Right. No, sir, the only reason I'm asking is despite the difficult circumstances in the last 3 
months that we have seen, we have done very good on the profitability side as well despite the 
steel prices going up. And yes, we are guiding -- we seem to be guiding on the lower end of 13% 
to 15%. So I'm not able to -- do we foresee any single-digit growth quarter in the next 3 -- in the 
next 9 months? 
Arvind Nanda: 
No, I don't think we have any single-digit growth this thing, but we are also concentrating on 
profitability. I think sometimes the revenue growth, you may have to sacrifice to increase the 
profitability growth. We are concentrating on that also. We are concentrating on trying to get 
better payment terms from customers, better pricing from customers. So I think it's a thing with 
many balls up in the air, but we also want to focus on profitability. That is also very critical for 
us. 
 
To take orders and keep reducing your profitability. I don't think it's a very good idea in the long 
run. So we are doing all that. I think let us see what happens. Right now, we feel that if this kind 
of turnover we can do with better profitability, we'll be happier than trying to achieve a higher 
revenue and not increase our profitability. But that current market conditions also give us an 
opportunity to increase our profitability.  
And challenges are there because there are a lot of fluctuations in your freight thing, your labor 
prices, labor have gone up. So erection prices have gone up. So a lot of challenges are there, but 
we are concentrating on improving profitability also well. We have been doing it, trying for 
some years, but I think that should be also our focus going forward. You are not missing 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 24 
 
anything, but we are trying our level best that revenue growth without profitability growth 
doesn't make much sense to us. So we are trying to do both. 
Nitin Jain: 
Okay. My second question is on the finance costs. They seem to be -- they seem to have jumped 
around 20%, 30% this quarter, which is faster than the revenue growth. So if you could clarify 
what is our debt to equity as of the quarter 1? And would we be utilizing some part of the QIP 
for debt reduction? Or will it be solely allocated for -- to fund the growth? That's all from my 
side. 
Arvind Nanda: 
I think the financial cost might be looking higher because the interest earning is not there. 
Otherwise, I don't think -- if I'm not mistaken, I don't think there's any increase, and we have no 
debt. So there is no debt repayment or anything like that. All the QIP money will go into capex 
because we are a 0 debt company. But anyway, maybe I might be missing something, Manish. 
Is that correct? 
Manish Garg: 
No, you are right, sir. So I would like to just clarify. The upward trajectory in finance cost is a 
function of our interest income not being there because we had IPO money, and we had surplus 
cash, which we had parked in FD, which was earning us interest and which we now spent in 
capex, therefore, the interest income is not there. And since it is below the line, the finance cost 
seems to have gone up. 
Anil Chandani: 
Manish-ji, can I add something here? Because he is comparing the 2 quarters in terms of finance 
cost only. The growth. Non-fund base limits. 
Nitin Jain: 
What I am saying is this quarter, we are at 82%. And last quarter -- last year, same quarter we 
were at 64%. 
Anil Chandani: 
You take new fresh enhancements, so bank charge you one-time processing fee. So there were 
some enhancements to meet the growing needs of the business. So those processing fees onetime 
were paid in this quarter. Some increase because of that, finance -- especially the finance cost. 
And rest of the answer Manish ji and Arvind sir has already given to you... 
Manish Garg: 
We don't really have a debt and equity ratio because we have no debt. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Kumar from Vaikarya Fund. 
Rahul Kumar: 
Just one question. The revenue guidance which you have given for FY27, does this include any 
business from the heavy structural projects? And two, and what does this revenue mean in terms 
of the volume growth versus FY26? 
Arvind Nanda: 
Manish? 
Manish Garg: 
Yes. So yes, it does include -- and I think we have clarified in today's call well enough that heavy 
structure is not really purely in the new plant. But yes, it will include about INR100 crores of 
what will qualify to be heavy structures, INR100-150 crores of that. And in terms of the volumes, 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 24 
 
we will grow around 18% in the volumes. So volumes will be approximately 190,000 tonnes for 
this year. 
Rahul Kumar: 
Okay. Second question to Nanda sir. Sir, what is the kind of competitive intensity you're seeing 
on the new projects? Are you seeing any other players actually being a bit more aggressive on 
the pricing front, especially in the context of the expansion by a lot of other players? 
Arvind Nanda: 
You see, this is a business which is, to my mind, a very highly segmented business. While there 
is one word for it pre-engineered building, but many times I give an example, it is like a transport 
or auto industry. Auto will include a 2-wheeler and go up to a Rolls-Royce or a plane or a train. 
So it is actually very segmented now. 
 
I think we all concentrate on our own market, on our own clients and the demand is moving 
much, much faster to my mind than the competitive players who are coming in. And I think 
everybody has something to add to the market in that sense. As long as there is good competition. 
You see what worries us in pre-engineered building and what has happened in the past is some 
bad quality players coming in. 
 
Then if they give bad quality material or they let down the customers, then they start trying to 
give a bad name to the pre-engineered building industry. But I think generally, on the whole in 
the top 5, 6 players, it's a good competition. Everybody is developing either their regional 
geography or their key clients or key industries. And we have our own. We do our own 
marketing. We do our own business development in our own way. Other companies do it in their 
own way. 
 
So I don't -- competitive can only be if the size of the pie remains the same. I think that is not 
happening. Pie is increasing dramatically. From 3 companies between 2003 and 2008, today, 
there may be 300 companies. So everybody has chosen their own field. Of course, there is price 
pressure, but we have never in this business found that there has been no competition.  
And the smaller the market, it seems more intense. So I think today, the market is too large. 
People -- there are people in steel industry doing elevated roads and bridges and girders of 
metros, metro stations, bullet train stations. And the quantities are so high that we don't even 
know who all are doing it. 
 
I'm not too worried about the competitive environment. I think we have to be very sure that we 
can develop our own market. We can convince the clients that we want to work with that we are 
their preferred partners and we can be good partners to them and then price is secondary. I'm not 
too worried about this.  
And in fact, I'm very happy that new good players are coming in because they expand the whole 
size of the pie. Steel becomes more acceptable. And many times, customers like competition, 
even if they want to give me the order, but they like the fact that there is competition and they 
can go to other players and get prices and they are not going to be stuck with only one player. 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 24 
 
 
So I think it's going to be -- it's a completely changed environment from 10 years ago, completely 
changed from 5 years ago. And now as I see it, I think every year, it will be a dramatic change 
because the steel usage is going up dramatically. So I'm not too worried about that. 
 
We have to be safe, like I mentioned earlier, it's a business that you have to be very careful in. 
It's a business which can kill you very fast if you're not careful. Is not -- nobody has ever in this 
business closed down because of lack of orders. They have closed down because they couldn't 
deliver properly. So then they lost money, they lost payments, they had LDs, and that is how 
they closed. That has been my reading of the market. So nothing to worry about in competitive 
environment right now. 
Rahul Kumar: 
Okay. Understood. And the last question, I think you mentioned about moving a bit more 
gradually or more conservatively on the heavy structural project, which is getting commissioned 
in Q2. But at the same time, you also have mentioned that you are actually -- you want to expand 
a bit more in that field, doing more expansion for the heavy structure. So what is that confidence 
based on at this point of time? 
Arvind Nanda: 
See, like I mentioned a little earlier that we always get into actual spending of capex once we 
have done 2, 3 years of research. Because we are in this field about 3 years ago, our sales and 
business development people started coming to us is saying that, look, there is a lot of 
requirement coming up like this and we are not able to bid. So then we built up our in-house 
team, which specialized in this. We brought some outside consultants because we didn't have 
the engineering skill for this kind of building in-house at that time, built up a whole team and 
went and did a lot of business development and marketing and found a very good response. 
 
We didn't take any orders because we didn't have the capacity. Some orders, which we did take 
was a part of the pre-engineered building, there was some heavy structure like in the Tata 
Electronics plant and a semiconductor plant and a lithium battery plant, which we then got 
manufactured from outside but 80% to 85% was our standard PEB and 15% was that. So we 
have been judging the market for last 2, 3 years. And then we said, look, now it's time to invest 
because if we don't have our own plant, it is not an easy market to tackle. We can't rely on others 
to give us the item. 
 
And that is what gives us the confidence because we do it in a very graded, structured manner 
rather than just jumping into it because somebody else is doing it. That -- can we do it is a critical 
thing for us. The important thing is for me is not that is there a market for it? Or is there a demand 
for it? If I cannot meet it or the customer is not able to trust me for it, then I can't be in that 
business. So that is what we discovered. I'm only going a little conservatively because at the end 
of the day, you have to get the order, you have to sell it. You have to recover your money and 
you have to see what kind of business is that. 
 
I've started getting the order. But I want to be conservative so that it is a little different from pure 
heavy structure business like data centers and high-rise buildings, etcetera, it is different from 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 24 
 
the pre-engineered building business that we are used to. The clients are different, the way of 
working is different, logistics, installation, a lot of things are very different.  
But -- so we want to try it out. That's why I want to give myself a little time of this 5, 6 months, 
not because I can't sell, but I want to do it in a manner that I learn the ropes practically. But the 
confidence comes from last 3 years of work. It doesn't come from hearsay only. So I think from 
next year onwards, we'll be more confident, yes. 
Rahul Kumar: 
Okay. Okay. Understood. Just last thing on this heavy structure only. So I think you mentioned 
that we have executed projects, which is a combination of PEB and heavy structures. So when 
we get commissioned this heavy structural projects, do the projects include where there's a 100% 
usage of the heavy structures? Or it will continue to be a similar combination of standard PEB 
and heavy structures? 
Arvind Nanda: 
It could be either. There could be a building which only -- see, generally, we know more of those 
buildings where there's a little hybrid system because that is the kind of market we are in. But I 
think as we get solely into this market and see, okay, if somebody had a sole requirement of a 
structure which only used what we could make in a heavy structure plant, we normally avoided 
it because there was no way that we could even do it. But I think as we go forward, it will be a 
-- for us, it is not a different thing. I mean, I know it sounds a little different. But for us, it is -- 
heavy structure means that till now I could do a column or a beam or a hot-rolled section, welded 
of a certain weight. 
 
Once it went over 4 to 5 tonnes, I didn't have the capacity in my plant to do it. But now I can go 
up to 20 tonnes. So that is the basic difference. The column might look the same as my standard 
PEB column. The beam might look the same. Hot-rolled section, I was doing earlier also, but 
not very productively because I didn't have too many good machines for it. So heavy structure 
is basically adding to our capacity to do more kind of buildings, more kind of structures rather 
than being a totally new thing. 
 
I think we have to view it that it adds greatly to our portfolio. When we say how are we doing 
R&D or how are we participating in other buildings because like I said earlier, it's a very 
segmented business. So to cater to more segments, I have to then do more kind of structures so 
that I can do their building. So it could be either. It could be a hybrid. I see more hybrid going 
forward for us, which is the most useful for us because very few heavy structure companies can 
do hybrid and very few pre-engineered building companies can also do hybrid. 
 
So we will be in a good position to bid hybrid and make it very commercial technically viable 
for the customer. But yes, I think going forward, it could be either. We are not really concerned 
as long as we are selling and it can be used. But like I said, on the commercial, technicals, both 
the issues, I think we will be in a more favorable position with these new plants. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraints, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over 
to the management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir. 

 
 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 24 
 
Arvind Nanda: 
Okay. Thank you very much, everybody. I'm sorry we couldn't take all your questions, but we 
are fully open to any questions. You can contact us any time through SGA, through AMBIT, 
through our own office directly. And any site visit, any plant visits, you want. We are a totally 
open and transparent company and we welcome suggestions.  
We welcome improvements, and we welcome all sorts of questions. We are open to personal 
meetings also. We do a lot of non-deal road shows on Zoom as well as personal. So please 
contact us if you need anything. But thank you very much for joining this call, and thank you 
very much for your patience. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Ambit Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
