 
 
 
YBL/CS/2026-27/66 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Corporate Relations Department 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)  
 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
NSE Symbol: YESBANK 
 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532648 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Call for the un-audited Financial Results for the Quarter (Q1) 
ended June 30, 2026 
Ref.:   Reg. 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015  
Please find attached the transcript of the earnings call hosted by YES Bank Limited (“the 
Bank”) on July 18, 2026, for the un-audited Financial Results for the Quarter (Q1) ended June 
30, 2026. The same is made available on the Bank’s website within the timeline prescribed 
under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and can 
be accessed at the following link: 
https://www.yes.bank.in/pdf?name=q1fy27_analyst_call_transcript.pdf  
The weblink of BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited providing the 
above information is being hosted on the Bank’s website www.yes.bank.in pursuant to Listing 
Regulations, as amended. 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For YES BANK LIMITED 
 
  
 
Sanjay Abhyankar 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
SANJAY 
MADHAV 
ABHYANKAR
Digitally signed by 
SANJAY MADHAV 
ABHYANKAR 
Date: 2026.07.24 
16:30:45 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“YES Bank Limited 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 18, 2026 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. VINAY M. TONSE – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
DR. RAJAN PENTAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
 
MR. MANISH JAIN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
 
MR. NIRANJAN BANODKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. SUNIL PARNAMI – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS AND 
SUSTAINABILITY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
YES Bank Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2026 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to YES Bank's Q1FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call. On the management panel, we have with us today Mr. Vinay M. 
Tonse, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Rajan Pental, Executive 
Director; Mr. Manish Jain, Executive Director; Mr. Niranjan Banodkar, Chief Financial 
Officer; and Mr. Sunil Parnami, Head Investor Relations and Sustainability. 
 
Mr. Vinay M. Tonse will now give you an overview of the results, which will be followed 
by a Q&A session. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
Participants are requested to ask questions pertaining to the Bank's Q1FY27 results 
only. For any other information, you may reach out to the Corporate Communications 
team separately. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vinay M. Tonse. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vinay M. Tonse: 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone. And at the outset, thank you for 
joining us for the YES Bank Quarter 1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. I know today, 
many other banks are also coming up with their results, and I really appreciate all of 
you joining us. 
 
Here, I'm joined by my senior leadership team, and we look forward to taking you 
through the key highlights of the quarter, and we'll be very happy to answer your 
questions thereafter.  
Before I turn to our performance, let me start with a few words on the environment in 
which we operated this quarter. The Q1 quarter was characterized by resilient domestic 
demand, strong tax buoyancy and steady manufacturing momentum set against rising 
cost pressures and a more uncertain global backdrop. Encouragingly, the underlying 
momentum remains firm. Direct tax collections grew a healthy 16.4%. GST stayed 
strong at nearly INR 1.95 lakh crores of collections in June. Manufacturing has now 
been in expansion mode for 37 straight months. Industrial production hit a 5-month high, 
led by capital goods. The strength is also being reflected in the uptick in the system-
level loan growth over the past few months. One area of pressure was inflation, which 
rose to a 17-month high of 4.4% on food and fuel costs, prompting RBI to lift its inflation 
projection to 5.1%, though the monsoon recovered well after a dry start easing some of 
that concern. However, on a positive note, the GDP growth forecasts have not been 
impaired. 
 
Now I turn to the highlights of our Q1 performance.  
It's against the backdrop which I just gave that at the core, this has been another 
encouraging quarter for us. Our Net Profit grew 33.7% that is year-on-year to INR 1,071 
crores. What I would really like to highlight is the quality of this quarter's delivery. We 

 
YES Bank Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2026 
Page 3 of 17 
 
achieved these results even after moderation of some of our non-core income streams 
such as gains from our Security Receipts (SRs) portfolio, which was significantly lower 
at INR 86 crores this quarter against INR 338 crores in the same quarter last year and 
Treasury Income too was lower. There was a one-off interest income on tax refunds of 
INR 119 crores during this quarter. But even normalizing for that one-off, the underlying 
performance remains strong.  
In many ways, this is precisely the outcome we had spoken about last quarter about 
our core business gradually taking over from the one-off gains, and that's exactly what's 
happening now with our recurring, sustainable earnings engine increasingly driving 
performance, and that's exactly the direction we want to be heading towards.  
Our Operating Profit grew 25.5% year-on-year to INR 1,704 crores. Net Interest Income 
was up 17.5% year-on-year at INR 2,786 crores, and our Net Interest Margin improved 
20 basis points year-on-year to 2.7%, also holding steady sequentially. We continue to 
benefit from lower Cost of Deposits even as Yields are impacted by the interest rate cut 
transmission and the change in mix. Having said this, our near-term aspiration is to 
move the NIM towards the 3% plus handle over the next 2 years and the underlying 
levers are well understood. The continued rundown of the low-yielding RIDF and Priority 
Sector Deposits, disciplined Deposit repricing and improving CASA mix. I would caution 
that, with the rate cut cycle now on par and Deposit competition intense, margin 
expansion will be a steady structural climb rather than a straight-line quarter-to-quarter.  
Fee momentum has been a real positive for us. Our Core Fees registered a strong 
18.7% growth year-on-year with broad-based traction across cards, third-party 
products, forex as well as transaction banking. Sustained cost discipline remains core 
to how we run the franchise. Our Cost-to-Income Ratio improved further to 62.8% from 
67.1% a year ago, reflecting genuine operating leverage - income growing well ahead 
of costs. Return on Assets (ROA) for the quarter was 0.9% and Return on Equity (ROE) 
was 8.3%. 
 
Moving to the Asset Quality.  
We see a further improvement of Asset Quality this quarter, and it has been the case 
despite the seasonality that the first quarter typically carries. On a reported basis, Gross 
Slippage was lower at 1.4% of Advances against 1.6% in the previous quarter and 2.4% 
in quarter 1 FY26. Normalized for an intra-quarter account movement in quarter 4, 
Slippages are at broadly similar levels quarter-on-quarter. And most encouragingly, the 
improvement in the Retail segment has continued with Retail Slippages at the lowest in 
the past 10 quarters. And having said that, our work continues. Our GNPA and NNPA 
ratio stand at 1.3% and 0.2%, respectively, with Provision Coverage healthy at 81.7%. 
Our Recoveries and Upgrades for the quarter aggregated to INR 564 crores, including 
INR 86 crores from Security Receipts portfolio. Despite tepid gains from the SR portfolio 
in Q1, we maintain our guidance of INR 800 crores to INR 1,000 crores of gains from 
this portfolio for this financial year '27. 

 
YES Bank Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2026 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
Moving on to the growth and Balance Sheet.  
Growth was broad-based across our businesses. Total Advances grew 18.3% year-on-
year to INR 2.85 lakh crores. Within this, the Corporate and Institutional Banking grew 
strongly. Commercial Banking, which largely includes MSME, sustained its momentum 
at 17% year-on-year and Retail Banking Advances grew 6.9%. I would offer one point 
of context on the headline number. The part of the Corporate growth is transitional and 
shorter tenure in nature. However, on an average balance basis, the Bank's underlying 
loan growth is in the 15% to 16% handle, and that's the growth band we find comfortable 
for the franchise and it sits squarely with our commitment to grow in line with the industry 
or slightly ahead of the industry. It's also heartening to see Retail disbursements 
growing at 27.5% year-on-year for this quarter.  
On Deposits, the Total Deposits grew 14.3% year-on-year to INR 3.15 lakh crores. 
CASA Deposits grew 14.3% year-on-year and stronger still at 15% on an average 
balance basis, a creditable outcome given the sharp rate actions taken by us during 
FY26 as well as in Q1FY27. Retail and Branch-led Deposits now comprise close to 60% 
of our Total Deposits, reflecting the growing granularity of the franchise. In a system 
where Deposits are the binding constraint, our granular Branch-led liability franchise is 
exactly where we are choosing to compete. Our capital and liquidity positions remain 
comfortable with a CET-1 ratio of 14% and LCR of 138.2%.  
Now this has also been a quarter of significant external validation, and I would like to 
specifically highlight the recognition our progress received from the rating agencies this 
quarter. 
 
Moody's upgraded our issuer rating to Ba1. CARE upgraded our Basel III Tier 2 and 
Infrastructure bonds to AA+. ICRA upgraded the same instruments to AA and S&P 
Global has assigned the Bank its inaugural international rating of BB+. Taken together, 
these actions are an important independent affirmation of the Bank's strengthening 
fundamentals, our improving Profitability, better liability profile, enhanced Asset Quality, 
robust capitalization and the confidence drawn from strong institutional sponsorship. 
These upgrades also carry tangible benefits for our funding costs, our Wholesale and 
Financial Institutions relationships and our brand. 
 
A few other updates moving towards the conclusion.  
• 
We were awarded the ‘Most Sustainable Bank’ at Business Today's India's 
Most Sustainable Companies 2026, and we were also included in the 
FTSE4Good Index for the fourth consecutive year.  
• 
We were recognized also among the top 25 India's Best Workplaces in BFSI 
for the year 2026. 
• 
Our NRI homecoming campaigns earned several awards for being most 
disruptive in the use of AI.  

 
YES Bank Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2026 
Page 5 of 17 
 
To sum up, we operated this quarter in an environment of resilient domestic demand 
but heightened external uncertainty and against that backdrop, YES Bank delivered a 
set of results that reflect consistency, discipline and steady progress on our stated 
priorities. 
 
Our compass for the year ahead is unchanged: While our aspiration would be delivering 
a full year ROA around 1%, our focus would remain on improving the core Profitability 
and grow Advances and Deposits around in a Profitable and calibrated way; deepen 
our Deposit and CASA franchise; move margins structurally higher over the medium 
term; hold the line on Asset Quality with conservative provisioning. All of this anchored 
in our People-Product-Processes-Technology (PPPT) structure and also along with 
collaboration with SMBC, all within the strong governance framework. 
 
We are ambitious about where this Bank can go and also as realistic about the 
environment we operate in. Our foundation is solid, our strategy is clear, and our 
execution is getting better every quarter - and that gives me a lot of confidence on the 
road ahead. 
 
Thank you very much again for joining us. We would now be happy to take your 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first 
question comes from the line of Dev Dey with HorsePower Securities. 
Dev Dey: 
Heartiest congratulations to you for maintaining the performance up to the level 
expected by us. And excellent set of EPS numbers. So again, I would like to ask you 
about the road map in future. So what would be the net order loan book you are 
targeting by the end of this year? 
Vinay M. Tonse: 
Yes. So now Dev ji, thank you very much for this question. What we are looking at is,  
what sort of funding resources we have, and that gives us a lot of comfort as to our 
liquidity available. So now moving forward, we endeavor to grow at a little above what 
the industry would be growing at and which is what makes us happy is, it could be in 
the range of may be 15% to 17%. 
Dev Dey: 
And my another, question would be just a few days ago, your Board has passed a 
resolution regarding the raising of capital, if I am not wrong? 
Vinay M. Tonse: 
Yes. So as far as the capital is concerned, this is an enabling or enabler for us to keep 
in readiness. But at the moment, we have sufficient cushion to grow for the next maybe 
3 or 4 quarters. But at the same time, we are keeping ourselves open, and this is a 
market where we keep looking at opportunities. And if there is an opportunity for 
increasing our capital cushion, we would definitely not mind doing that. And that is 
where we kept the enabler in place. 

 
YES Bank Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2026 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
And we also have this thought process within ourselves that if our peers are better 
capitalized than us, is there a point where we should be looking at increasing our own 
capital, but at the moment, we are comfortable. That's the point I would like to make. 
Dev Dey: 
Okay. So, by the end of this year, are we going to see, very pleasant picture by the end 
of FY27? What is the view of management? 
Vinay M. Tonse: 
Dev ji, I didn't get you. What was it you said? 
Dev Dey: 
By the end of 2027, will we be able to give a very pleasant picture about this Bank? 
Vinay M. Tonse: 
Yes, we are quite confident the way we are seeing the last few quarters. 
Dev Dey: 
Sure. Let’s, hope for the best. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of M. B. Mahesh with Kotak Securities. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
Good afternoon sir, 2 questions. One is on the entire FCNR Deposits, just wanted to 
understand how are you looking at that underlying opportunity? And where are you 
positioned on it currently? 
Vinay M. Tonse: 
On the FCNR, Mahesh, a couple of things I would like to mention. One is there is a very 
strong demand that we see. And this comes from 2 aspects. One is the aspect of the 
pure Deposits that come in. And second is the aspect of leverage. 
 
On both of these, we are seeing very strong demand. And for the leverage part, you 
may be aware that we need to have certain limits in place. And whatever limits we have 
already got, we have filled them also on the leverage part. As of now, we have decided 
that we'll keep it to 9% - I mean 9x. 
 
And going forward, we may change the leverage also if we feel that the market would 
look at us that way. If there is an expectation that we should raise it. But otherwise, as 
of now, we are keeping it at 9x. Though I cannot give a specific number to it, Mahesh, 
we are quite ahead of the market, I would say, or some of the other banks. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
Sir, just one clarification. On this product, would you be getting any support from your 
largest investor at this point of time? Or is it still a very arm’s length kind of a transaction 
that is happening on the ground? Second is that how... 
Vinay M. Tonse: 
Sorry, I'll answer this. For this particular transaction, we are not having a constraint of 
any arm's length. And we are in the process of working out certain limits. So, we are 
looking actually at getting something out of that. 
Manish Jain: 
So just to add, we are working with many international banks for the limits to make this 
facility available, including SMBC. 

 
YES Bank Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2026 
Page 7 of 17 
 
M. B. Mahesh: 
And how easy or difficult is it on the ground today? Or if I were to ask, what is the 
constraining factor for this product not having picked up as much as one would have 
expected it to be. 
Niranjan Banodkar: 
So, if you just think about what's playing out, there are 2 macro themes playing out. 
One, the borrowing spreads globally have inched up, let's say, for the overseas financial 
institutions to take a macro view on India for a 5-year period, the spreads are higher 
now. That's number one. 
 
Number two, it's also a function of where the Global liquidity is sitting. As you think about 
it, it's not that it is equally available everywhere because ultimately, some overseas 
geography or in a set of geographies will have to fund India for the size that we're 
looking at, for which the risk limit has to go up by that much leverage. 
 
So, it is a function of the process of the risk review and the limits getting set up across 
different institutions for a period of 3 years to 5 years in a manner that is also 
commercially viable and conducive is I think that play is underway, and therefore, it has 
not been as fast as one would have expected because there are also macro themes of 
geopolitical issues going on. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
Perfect. Vinay, sir, you have seen this company now for close to 5 months. And could 
you tell us in terms of having seen this now for a little longer, the issue that we are 
seeing from the outside is that the margin is the key problem, there are two sides. 
 
One, we understand the cost side. There is also a problem on the yield side. So, do you 
have some thought process on how does this improve from here onwards? Or do you 
think that you will still need some more time to give an answer to this? 
Vinay M. Tonse: 
No, answer I have and of course, this is one of the most important priorities for us also 
as I came in here. And both these initial thoughts which I had, the drivers of how do I 
expand the margin, and they're working fairly well, what I have seen in the Q1. See, 
basically, you are also aware that since previous financial year April, we have actually 
substantially come down on the Cost of Deposits. And that has played out very well for 
us without actually resulting in any attrition of Deposits, right. So, this is something 
which gives me a better pricing power. The Cost of Deposits going down, the Cost of 
Funding going down gives me a better leverage on the type of Assets we are picking 
up. And also at our discretion, we are also looking at products which are increasingly 
giving us more yield, right. So, I think that way, this is something which is not too much 
of a worry for us right now for the NIM expansion. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
Okay. And you do have any number in mind for, let's say, in FY28, where do you want 
to see the margins? 
Vinay M. Tonse: 
Yes. I think north of 3% is something we would be able to achieve. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Narendra Porwal, an Individual Investor. 

 
YES Bank Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2026 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Narendra Porwal: 
Hello. Namaskar sir. 
Vinay M. Tonse: 
Namaskar, Narendra ji. 
Narendra Porwal: 
Thank you, sir, first of all for giving me the opportunity to speak. Sir, we have been 
observing for some time that our Bank is not able to grow the CASA Deposits ratio as 
it should, whereas a Bank of our size like IDFC First Bank is growing CASA very well. 
So, what are the reasons for that? Please look into it because sir, I think that in the 
coming time, there are many large-sized multiple IPOs coming like NSE, Jio, etc., and 
a large number of investors will deposit their money in our Bank to subscribe to those 
IPOs. 
 
So, sir, let's plan something like our Bank's cut-off time for filling IPOs is 3:30 PM, 
whereas IDFC Bank gives it until 4:30 PM and State Bank of India keeps the time until 
5:00 PM. So, sir, why don't we plan such a thing to increase our CASA? Like sir, I told 
you a year ago as well, IDFC Bank has increased its customers by doing aggressive 
marketing and from there you see how its CASA Retail has grown. 
 
So, sir, let's also plan something like this by increasing our timing and aggressively 
taking Retail customers to growth, so that when large IPOs come, once a customer has 
opened an account in our Bank and kept a balance, then they don't transfer to another 
Bank very quickly. Please pay attention to this, sir. This was my suggestion that the 
Bank can grow well in Retail from here, sir. 
Rajan Pental: 
Sir, thank you very much for your suggestion, and we will definitely work on it. Thank 
you. 
Narendra Porwal: 
Because there is a lot of trouble, sir. Many times, for us as well, in the last moment, 
many IPO subscriptions are left, so it causes a lot of trouble, sir. Please pay attention 
to this, sir. 
Rajan Pental: 
Definitely. Thank you for your suggestion, sir. We will definitely work on it. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sajal Raj from Zenflow Finance Private 
Limited. 
Sajal Raj: 
Good afternoon sir, my first question will be Advances have grown faster than Deposits 
this quarter. So how do you plan to balance loan growth with Deposit mobilization going 
forward? Should we expect Deposit growth to catch up over the coming quarters? 
Niranjan Banodkar: 
Thanks for the question. So, Advances growth for us is, yes, certainly higher, but we 
said that in our opening remarks as well that we always go through some transient flows 
or movements on the end of period balances. And therefore, a metric that we internally 
track is actually the daily average balances. 
 
And if I see the daily average balances for both Advances and Deposits for June quarter 
versus March quarter, the CD ratio actually has remained the same. So, there's not 

 
YES Bank Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2026 
Page 9 of 17 
 
been a worsening CD ratio. In fact, both growth rates for Deposits as well as Advances 
are in line. 
 
Number two, and it's a very important principle question that we will continue to focus 
on liability-led Balance Sheet expansion. The idea is never to really aggressively pursue 
Assets in the absence of a Deposit construct. And you would have seen that over the 
last 3 years, our singular focus has been to continue to improve the quality of our 
Balance Sheet. So, improving the CASA ratio, getting the higher share from Branch 
Banking or Retail Deposits have been areas of focus, and that's getting reflected in our 
Cost of Deposits as well. 
 
So, if you look through the last 3 years, our Bank actually has possibly delivered the 
best outcome on Cost of Deposits as compared to the industry at large. So, I think that's 
an area that we are absolutely focused on. And I think your point is absolutely well taken 
that Deposit growth will be an important constituent, and we will make sure that we are 
not accelerating on Advances in the absence of Deposits. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Shreyas Pimple from Nomura. 
Shreyas Pimple: 
Good afternoon sir and thank you so much for the opportunity. My question was on SR 
recovery. In this quarter, we had SR recoveries of around INR 86 crores versus last 
quarter of around INR 446 crores and higher in the previous quarter. Can you explain 
what is the reason for lower recoveries this quarter? 
Niranjan Banodkar: 
So, Shreyas, thank you for the question. So, on Security Receipts, I think absolutely a 
right observation. We have had SR redemptions at INR 86 crores as compared to INR 
450 crores. We have also been saying that the face value of Security Receipts, which 
is now outstanding at INR 1,500 crores, it's coming down, right. 
 
So, the recoveries that are going to come through are going to be a little bit more 
unpredictable, not that there is no stored capital or stored value sitting in the Security 
Receipts book. It is still very much there. So, we have a face value outstanding of INR 
1,500 crores. Against that, actually, the NAVs are upwards of INR 2,000 crores and 
NAVs are today's present value. So, if you actually look through from a Gross Recovery 
standpoint, the number could be slightly higher than that. 
But the resolution is a function of what J.C. Flower does, their execution, and we have 
no control on the pace or the timing of those executions. So we will go through these 
periods where one quarter could have a higher Security Receipts resolution. In another 
quarter, we may have a much lower. 
But at a very structural level, we said that during fiscal '27, we do believe, let's say, 
anywhere between INR 800 crores to INR 1,000 crores for the full year should be a 
number that we expect to come through. But as I said, I want to caveat that, it's finally 
a function of what J.C. Flower does. So it is possible that we could get higher than INR 
800 crores to INR 1,000 crores. It is also possible that we could also be slightly lower. 

 
YES Bank Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2026 
Page 10 of 17 
 
But our sense is INR 800 crores to INR 1,000 crores should be a reasonable probability 
to ascribe for fiscal '27. 
Shreyas Pimple: 
Yeah. Thank you so much for that explanation. My second question was on one-off in 
Net Interest Margins. You highlighted that INR 119 crores of interest on IT refund. If we 
remove that, the margins are down around 6, 7 basis points according to my 
calculations. Can you explain, I mean, what are the things that will help us improve 
margin from here on? 
Niranjan Banodkar: 
So Shreyas, I think one clarification is that Interest on Refund actually forms part of our 
Non-Interest Income and not part of the Net Interest Income. Although it is Interest on 
Income tax refund. We do not include that as part of the NII line. And therefore, it's also 
not part of the Net Interest Margin computation. So to that extent, there is actually no 
adjustment. 
Our Net Interest Margin continues to be stable on a Q-o-Q basis. 
Shreyas Pimple: 
Understood. Thank you so much for the explanation. Those were my questions. 
Niranjan Banodkar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jai Mundhra from ICICI Securities. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Sir, I wanted to check on your capital raising plan. We have a Board approval in place. 
And we also have a court case, which is pending. The outcome is still pending. We 
have a decent 14% CET-1, but just wanted to check your time line and quantum. And 
would this have any bearing from the court case? 
Niranjan Banodkar: 
So Jai, first quick clarification, which is your second part of the question, whether this 
capital raise has a linkage with the Board with the AT1 case. So we follow a practice of 
having an enabling approval in play. And that is something we've continued from last 
year. So we had the same approval for fiscal '26. We also have the same approval 
effectively for fiscal '27, actually till the date of AGM. So it is not a trigger of any particular 
event or court case. I think that's the first clarification. 
The second point is at 14% Core Equity Ratio, we do believe that we have reasonable 
capital for at least the next one year of growth. What gives us that confidence is also 
because we do have the Deferred Tax Asset (DTA), which is available to us. So one, 
the ROE structure itself is improving. 
So let's say, a ROE of about 8% to 8.5% is accreting to my capital. But more importantly, 
the effect of DTA on that ROE is also playing out, meaning the Bank is able to actually 
grow at anywhere between 12% to 13% of Risk-Weighted Assets and not consume 
capital, right. 

 
YES Bank Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2026 
Page 11 of 17 
 
And therefore, even if the growth were to be in excess of 13%, let's say, 15% to 16%, 
the quantum of consumption of capital is lower. So the limited point I wanted to make 
is we believe 14% is reasonable for the next 4 quarters of growth. 
Having said that, capital is a subject that the reason we keep an enabling approval is 
because sometimes capital you want to look through raising capital, which can take the 
14%, maybe in line also with some of the peers because it also adds to buffers, right. 
And we've kind of track some of the other banks, that's the way, let's say, rating 
agencies also look at us. 
More buffers are always good. And that's something we've worked on over the last three 
to four years. So if you go back to our last capital raise, we had actually raised it when 
our CET-1 was at about 11% to 11.5%. 
This time around, clearly, we don't want to drop to those levels. We will raise it, let's 
say, in the 13% handle. So we want to keep adding to our buffers as well. So whenever 
we think that opportunity is right, available with right players that is in the interest of our 
shareholders, we do want to keep that optionality available to us, hence, an enabling 
approval. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Sure. Thanks Niranjan that is very helpful. And regarding the court case, of course, this 
is a matter and we will be hearing from the court itself. But has the Bank - I mean, there's 
no pending provisions, right? I mean if it comes, it comes, right? there's no backup for 
in case the decision is adverse, right? That is how it should be? 
Niranjan Banodkar: 
So there is no adjustment to our financial statements on account of this court case at 
this point in time. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. Okay. Secondly, on the Retail growth, right? So overall growth has been strong. 
We are now 18%, which is slightly higher or maybe similar to system. But that seems 
to be driven by Corporate in a large part. Retail is still 7% types. So what is your strategy 
now Retail Slippages also seem to be multi-quarters low. How should one look at the 
Retail growth for, let's say, FY27? 
Rajan Pental: 
Retail is actually on a very strong wicket and largely one of the reasons being that the 
Slippages are under control. And last one year, we have really worked on the platform, 
scorecards and also policy refresh. 
So from here onwards, the trajectory from being flat to a 7%. So this is one journey 
which you look at from a book perspective. But on an incremental basis, actually, this 
is a business which is growing between 25% to 30% depending on segment to segment. 
Where our portfolio remains flat for a year or so, the book takes some time. 
But on the momentum on the fresh business, we are in a very steady state at a good 
state to be in a good range of 25% to 30%. Now this will start reflecting in the 
subsequent quarters when it comes to the book growth point. But right now, we are 
very, very strong on the disbursements. 

 
YES Bank Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2026 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Jai Mundhra: 
Okay. Sure. So I mean, can we reach like mid-teens number by FY27? That is how at 
some point of time, the disbursement will translate to loan growth, right? 
Rajan Pental: 
Yes, sure. Absolutely. We are working towards that as well. 
Jai Mundhra: 
That's helpful. And secondly, on recovery target, sir, I mean, if you can specify either 
from SR Recovery and Overall Recovery, we used to have an INR 5,000 crores-odd-
number. But of course, after that, a lot of recovery has already happened. So what 
would be your sense for FY27 recovery numbers? 
Niranjan Banodkar: 
So the other recoveries that we were talking about, one of the reasons we were talking 
about the gross recovery number at that stage was because some of it was also 
predicated from the corporate resolution. To be fair, I think we would not ascribe a lot 
of value now to the corporate resolutions because that story is behind us. 
 
So what we now sit with is really the J.C. Flower ARC and which, like I mentioned, as 
compared to last year, about INR 1,500 crores, at least we do believe that anywhere 
between INR 800 crores to INR 1,000 crores is something we should see in fiscal '27 
also playing out. 
On the Retail Recoveries and Upgrades, that is anyway now forming part of the Net 
Credit Cost structure at the NPA. So we are now segregating that and grossing up to 
give you a headline number on the Recoveries and Resolutions. So I would say a very 
focus for us is really on the core ROA now. We said this last time as well. Our objective 
continues to improve the core ROA meaningfully. 
Our expectation is fiscal '27, we should see a 15 to 20 basis points expansion in the 
core ROA. And if the resolutions, let's say, the external factors on bond gains and 
trading with all of those elements also play out, I think we should be able to also deliver 
the fully reported 1% ROA for fiscal '27. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. That is very clear. And Niranjan, lastly, if you have the Expected Credit Loss 
(ECL) transitional estimate as to what could be the onetime transitional impact for Bank 
as you transition to ECL next year? Thank you. 
Niranjan Banodkar: 
So Jai, again, we've not publicly disclosed those numbers yet because we are in the 
process of putting that together. The ECL number, we've said for us has an offset 
component from the Security Receipts. So for us, if you allow us the benefit of Security 
Receipts, actually, there is no impact on ECL. 
 
However, what's going to happen is that the ECL adjustment for Security Receipts will 
not be allowed in the Balance Sheet. So we have to keep taking that through the P&L 
for the year. So at the gross level, there is likely to have some ECL impact. We don't 
expect that to be very material. 
 
Also adjust or take into account the fact that the new circular is also coming in on credit 
Risk-Weighted Assets from 1st April. So when we kind of look at both these circulars 

 
YES Bank Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2026 
Page 13 of 17 
 
together, which is the ECL transition impact and the new Capital Adequacy - credit risk 
weights, we do believe that the impact, if at all is not going to be material on our core 
equity. 
So I think that's really the headline message, but we will come back during the course 
of this year as we firm up these numbers so that we can give you a better visibility of 
what impact could play out. 
Jai Mundhra: 
So now, that is very helpful, Niranjan. Thank you and all the very best. 
Niranjan Banodkar: 
Thank you Jai. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Shreyanth KT with Sundaram Asset 
Management Company. Please go ahead. 
Shreyanth KT: 
Hi. Good afternoon team. I hope all of you are doing well. Just a quick question. I believe 
you had called out earlier that you're going to be more cautious in the Commercial 
Banking MSME segment. But then I saw that the Slippages have gone up actually. So 
could you point out is there any specific segment or cohorts you're seeing stress? And 
like what is the situation on the ground and impact from the recent Max situation? 
Manish Jain: 
So our Commercial Banking portfolio continues to be of high quality. And the Slippages 
are quite controlled in Q1 as well. And while we continue to assess and monitor the 
portfolio very closely for any impacts of the West Asia war, but happy to report that there 
is very limited impact on the portfolio and the clients have managed this crisis very, very 
well. So in a nutshell, the portfolio quality continues to be very good. 
Shreyanth KT: 
Okay. Perfect. And quickly one more. Just on the Retail, again, you’ve already 
answered some of my questions over there, but just a few more things. One is what 
products are you planning to be more aggressive on going forward? And where are you 
being more cautious? That's one. And second, the disbursement number being lower, 
is that just seasonality or can it be attributed to any other reason? 
Niranjan Banodkar: 
So, I'll take the second question firstly. On the disbursement, on a Q-o-Q basis, it is 
actually the seasonality because March typically is very high, plus there is an element 
of co-lending or partnership-led disbursements that kind of come through. But at an 
organic level, I think we continue to be quite similar levels this quarter as well. If I were 
to, however, bring your attention to the Y-o-Y growth in disbursements, that is actually 
close to 30%. 
So, we're quite looking at continuing to focus on growing the disbursements because 
we know, it is a matter of time before the disbursements will start resulting into the book 
growth because right now, the run-off factors are also there. But as the run-off start 
tapering because we had slowed down the loan book between '23 to '24, '25. We started 
slowing that down. 

 
YES Bank Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2026 
Page 14 of 17 
 
So as the run-off starts slowing down, these disbursements will start also resulting into 
a book growth. And we do believe, I think that's about 3 to 4 quarters from now, that we 
should be able to deliver a double-digit growth as well on Retail. 
Shreyanth KT: 
Okay. Perfect. And regarding the product strategy within Retail? 
Niranjan Banodkar: 
So, from our side, there is a multi-product. So, to begin with, when you think about us, 
Shreyanth, you have to think that we are an all-weather universal structure of Assets. 
It's not that we are dependent on any particular product. So, when Retail has been 
slower, we have the ability to work through the Corporate engine or the Commercial 
Banking engine. So likewise, within Retail, we also operate with multiple products. 
And therefore, it's also sometimes a function of where we see this growth tapering off. 
So, for example, Personal Loans, we had slowed down quite meaningfully over the last 
2 years, but we are now again growing that book. But there are certain channels through 
which we are growing faster than other channels. So, I think that's one part. 
The second, there are certain products like Loan Against Property (LAP), where we will 
continue to do  because we did well in the past, and it's a product that will continue to 
grow. Then there are products that we are now calling it as franchise products, where, 
as and when our customers will need, let's say, a Home Loan or an Auto Loan, I think 
these will be products that we will also be willing to offer to these. 
So, you combine all of this, and add to it the fact that we also have co-lending structures 
in place. It is going to be quite diversified product mix. I think certain guardrails with 
which we operate is, for example, the secured, unsecured. So we will not allow a whole 
lot of unsecured to be dominant part of this. 
So typically, let's say, it's a 75-25 ratio, we will ensure a 75% secured versus 25% 
unsecured kind of Retail. So, I think that's really the broad theme. So, I'm not sure if you 
got the gist of the answer, but I think, it will continue to remain largely diversified. 
Shreyanth KT: 
Okay, perfect. Thank you so much for answering all the queries and wish you the best 
of luck going forward.  
Niranjan Banodkar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rama Subbareddy, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Rama Subbareddy: 
So, my question is like recently, Board has approved a capital raise of INR 16,000 
crores where 10% equity dilution. So how do you ensure that the existing shareholders 
will not be impacted with that kind of capital in the future? Because if you see earlier, 
right, we were like okay, basically, you have given a lot of discounts for the new 
shareholders such as PE investors. And even SMBC also, they got in good price. 

 
YES Bank Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2026 
Page 15 of 17 
 
So in future, when you are raising this equity, so how do you ensure that existing 
shareholders are not going to be impacted? Because we have been staying for the last 
6 years and you have not paid any dividends. And still we are expecting the Bank will 
deliver the good numbers and been waiting for so many years. And you have to take 
care. So that is my concern. So, can you please address? 
Niranjan Banodkar: 
Thank you very much for the question. And first and foremost, thank you very much for 
being a patient supporter of the Bank over the last many years. Our objective clearly 
has been to solve for what we think is the right strategy and the right quality of the Bank. 
And you would see that over the last 2 to 3 years, the performance of the Bank has 
continued to improve. 
We had always stated that the Bank will deliver an ROA to exit FY26 with 1%. I think 
we've delivered that as well. And there are clearly signs of sustenance that's playing 
out as well. Now as the Bank continues to grow, there will be need for capital because 
when we compare our Core Equity Ratio compared to others, the other banks are also 
higher than us. 
But there are going to be levers that the Bank will continue to use to make sure that we 
are not compromising or it is not coming at the cost of shareholder value. I think that's 
also an important factor that we consider when we think through elements of capital 
raise. 
Having said that, what I want to clarify, which I did in one of the previous questions, is 
that this resolution is an enabling resolution that we are seeking. This was a resolution 
that was also approved by the shareholders last year, and we are only refreshing that 
enabling resolution. 
This resolution only gives the Bank the optionality to trigger a capital raise in the event 
we believe that the raise is going to be beneficial for the Bank for its growth and 
ultimately for creating value for its shareholders. And that's really the objective with 
which we have gone about taking this resolution. 
Rama Subbareddy: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Sunil Choksey with Indus Equity Advisors. 
Sunil Choksey: 
Congratulations on stable results. Sir, I have a little different question than normal 
analysts would ask. Prospects for India, Japan businesses are getting better every day. 
Infrastructure financing, Japan is taking a big lead in India, be it bullet train, maybe now 
shipbuilding, many other aspects. Trade is concerned, India is likely to do much better 
with the country. 
And there are certain other specific government-related industry like defense and many 
other aspects also taking place. Can you throw some light that being a preferred partner 
in our Bank, we have some scope of business growth in the Indo-Japanese business 
corridor? 

 
YES Bank Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2026 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Vinay M. Tonse: 
Thank you, Choksey sir. Thank you for this question, which you said is a little different 
to what normally we get in the analyst meet. See, a couple of things which we observe 
now is that the Indo-Japanese corridor itself is getting strengthened, year after year. 
And particularly after the recent meeting, inter-government meeting, which happened 
and also between the Prime Ministers as well as the trade teams, we see a lot of traction 
happening, much more than what has been seen in the last few years, I would say. 
 
And now with also the agreements that are in place, the corridor gets busy, that's for 
sure. Now the aspect of how we would be leveraging our partnership with SMBC is 
something we have already started working upon. We already have some 
Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) in place. And eventually, our endeavor is to 
get the max that happens in this corridor between these two countries, should happen 
through our Bank. 
 
So this is our endeavor, and that's what we are already working towards. And there are 
certain specifics which at this point of time, I'm not able to mention because of 
confidentiality reasons. But otherwise, we are very strongly working on these aspects, 
be it trade or be it investments or what you rightly said that there's a lot of infrastructure 
investment that is coming in from Japan into the Indian projects. 
 
And there is also a lot of interest that is seen from the Japanese corporates establishing 
some project or the other in India, be it in the form of a wholly owned subsidiary or a 
joint venture or even some distribution channels out. I hope that answers. 
Sunil Choksey: 
Yes, that answers. At least there is some visibility visible in your comment. 
Vinay M. Tonse: 
Definitely. Definitely. 
Sunil Choksey: 
It means that we have a very good partner where the Government of India’s new 
scheme for FCNR (B) by RBI is visible. I am quite sure that we should be doing well 
because people tap Japan very often for the yields and the rate. No doubt the Japanese 
are looking upward trend right now. FCNR (B), we should be doing much better than 
most of the other banks. I had missed the question because there were too many calls 
at the same hour. So, pardon me for that. Sir, any color which you think you would do 
on a leverage trade or a straight deposit? 
Vinay M. Tonse: 
Yes. So in fact, you're right that this question had come up in the earlier part of this. But 
then what we are looking at is a max leverage of 9x at this point of time rather. So we 
will perhaps be sticking to that. And we are seeing a lot of interest that is coming in from 
various geographies, and one of which is towards the East also, importantly for us. 
And now whatever limits we had for the leveraging, one aspect is, of course, getting the 
Deposits, the straight one is to one sort of a Deposit, there is a pureplay FCNR (B) 
Deposit. That is something which we are absolutely no constraint. We are getting quite 
a bit, which happens in our Branch Banking franchise. 

 
YES Bank Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2026 
Page 17 of 17 
 
The leveraging part is something which we are also looking at fairly strongly, and we 
see a good growth that has already happened. And further growth will depend on the 
limits which we get from some of our partners or the foreign banks. Thank you, Choksey 
sir. 
Sunil Choksey:  
Thank you, sir. Thank you for answering all my questions and good luck for the years. 
Vinay M. Tonse:  
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as a last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Vinay M. Tonse for closing comments. Over to you, 
sir. 
Vinay M. Tonse: 
Yes. Thank you very much. And to all the participants in this call also, I would like to 
convey our sincere appreciation for coming in and joining us, knowing fully well that 
today is the day of many Bank results that are coming up. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. This brings the conference call to an end. On behalf of YES Bank, we thank 
you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
