 
 
       
        July 27, 2026 
 
BSE Limited  
Floor 25, P.J. Tower  
Dalal Street, Fort  
Mumbai - 400 001  
Scrip Code: 543271 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza  
Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Trading Symbol: JUBLINGREA  
  
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended – Transcript of the Investors’ 
Conference Call for the Quarter ended June 30, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, we enclose the 
transcript of Investors’ Conference Call for un-audited standalone and consolidated financial 
results for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, held on July 23, 2026. 
 
The link to access the transcript of the earnings conference call is given below: 
             https://www.jubilantingrevia.com/Uploads/upload/Earning_Call_Transcript.pdf 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
        Yours faithfully,  
 
  
        For Jubilant Ingrevia Limited  
  
  
  
 
Deepanjali Gulati  
           Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Deepanjali 
Gulati
Digitally signed by Deepanjali 
Gulati 
Date: 2026.07.27 19:53:20 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
List of management attendees 
 
1. Mr. Shyam S Bhartia, Chairman 
2. Mr. Deepak Jain, CEO and Managing Director 
3. Mr. Varun Gupta, CFO – Jubilant Ingrevia Limited 
4. Mr. Pavleen Taneja, Head – Investor Relations 
 
 
External participants during Q&A session 
 
1. Siddharth Gadekar, Equirus 
2. Abhijit Akella, Kotak Institutional Equities 
3. Nitesh Dhoot, Anand Rathi Institutional Equities 
4. Archit Joshi, Nuvama Institutional Equities 
5. Harsh Shah, Rare Enterprises 
6. Rohit Nagraj, 360 One Capital 
7. Kiran Gadge, Knightstone Capital 
 

 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
July 23, 2026 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Jubilant Ingrevia's Q1 
FY27 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pavleen Taneja, Head of Investor 
Relations at Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Thank you, Rayo. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining the 
Quarter 1 of FY 2027 Earnings Conference Call of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited.  
I would like to remind you that some of the statements made on the call 
today could be forward-looking in nature, and a detailed disclaimer in this 
regard has been included in the press release and results presentation that 
has been shared on our website. 
 
On the call today, we have Mr. Shyam Bhartia, Chairman; Mr. Deepak Jain, 
CEO and Managing Director; and Mr. Varun Gupta, CFO, Jubilant Ingrevia 
Limited. I now invite Mr. Shyam Bhartia to share his comments. 
Shyam Bhartia: 
Thank you, Pavleen. A very good evening to all of you.  
We are pleased to report a strong start to FY 2027, delivering healthy 
financial performance in the first quarter. Revenue grew by 25% year-on-
year, while EBITDA increased by 36% year-on-year, reflecting the strength 
of our business model and disciplined execution across operations. 
 
Now let me take you through an update on the markets we operate in. 
Despite continued geopolitical uncertainties in the Middle East, demand 
across chemical industry has remained resilient. Industry volumes have 

 
Page 3 of 20 
 
stayed stable. While pricing has shown a firming trend in the recent weeks, 
driven by improving consumption dynamics across key customer segments. 
 
Pharmaceuticals continued to be a key growth driver for the company, 
supported by volume growth and sustained demand across markets. We 
witnessed a stable momentum in the agrochemicals during the quarter, with 
demand trends showing encouraging signs of recovery across key 
segments. Healthy export visibility and improving market dynamics have 
supported recent price increases.  
The Nutrition and Personal Care market witnessed healthy growth during 
the quarter, led by higher realizations for niacinamide and choline. At the 
same time, volumes remained resilient across end-use segments, 
underscoring stable market demand. We are also seeing a strong traction 
with customers in electronic semicon segment who are keen to partner with 
us for integrated opportunities. 
 
Now let me share a few details on our future outlook. We are encouraged 
by the progress of our Pinnacle journey, which is increasingly reflected in 
our performance through strong revenue and EBITDA growth and a 
stronger opportunity pipeline. Supported by sustained volume growth and a 
firmer pricing, we remain confident of continuing our growth momentum. 
 
FY 2027, we expect growth to be led by Specialty Chemicals and Nutrition 
alongside a recovery in acetyls. We anticipate sequential improvement in 
revenue and EBITDA over the coming quarters. In the new multipurpose 
plant remains on track for commissioning by the end of current calendar 
year, further strengthening of our CDMO and Fine Chemicals growth road 
map. 
 
With this, I hand over to Deepak. Thank you. 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you, Mr. Bhartia. A very good evening to everyone. We appreciate 
your participation in the Q1 FY27 investor call.  
During the quarter, we continued to advance our strategic priorities while 
effectively navigating global challenges. Despite disruptions in the Middle 
East affecting global supply chains and price dynamics, our diversified 
sourcing capabilities, customer relationships and operational agility enabled 
strong business performance and effective cost pass-throughs. The 

 
Page 4 of 20 
 
strength of our agile operations and execution capabilities during this 
challenging period is clearly reflected in our strong Q1 performance. 
 
Let me share the overall business update for Q1 FY27 first. Q1 marked a 
strong start to the year with revenue reaching a 15-quarter high of 
INR1,300 crore, up 25% year-on-year, driven by healthy volume growth and 
improved realizations. EBITDA increased to INR209 crore, growing 36% 
year-on-year and 22% sequentially, while PAT stood at INR106 crore, up 
41% year-on-year and 22% quarter-on-quarter. 
 
In our Specialty Chemicals business, we delivered revenue of INR533 
crore, up 11% year-on-year and 3% sequentially, supported by steady 
business volumes and robust growth in Fine Chemicals and CDMO 
businesses. EBITDA stood at INR139 crore with margins of 26%, benefiting 
from improved pricing and a richer product mix led by value-added CDMO 
and fine chemical offerings. Our pyridine and picoline business delivered 
steady volumes during the quarter. Despite some pricing pressure in 
pyridine, cost optimization initiatives helped sustain a healthy performance.  
Our Fine Chemicals business delivered strong momentum during the 
quarter. Pyridine and Diketene derivatives recorded healthy volume growth 
with improved pricing. 
 
In Personal Care, we now have over 20 products under development, and 
we are seeing increasing traction across key Personal Care segments. In 
Industrials, we continue to strengthen volumes with existing customers 
while expanding our new customer pipeline. 
 
Our CDMO business continues to gain momentum during the quarter. The 
agro segment benefited from the rollout of big innovator CDMO volumes, 
while pharma saw strong customer traction and a more than threefold 
expansion in the pipeline following our U.S. and Europe roadshow. 
 
In semiconductors and electronics, we are building a dedicated R&D and 
clean room facility at our Greater Noida facility, and we are seeing 
encouraging growth in our opportunity funnel.  
Our CDMO and Fine Chemicals pipeline continued to show good 
momentum. We have a funnel of 100-plus molecules with INR3,500-plus 
crore of peak revenue potential with now 25-plus confirmed molecules, 

 
Page 5 of 20 
 
which will drive our growth in coming years. We added 5 new molecules in 
the last quarter across pharma, semicon and Personal Care. 
 
In our Nutrition & Health segment, the Nutrition segment continued its 
strong momentum with revenue growing to INR243 crore, up 36% year-on-
year and 6% quarter-on-quarter. We achieved the highest EBITDA in the 
segment over the last 3 years at INR36 crore, reflecting a 45% year-on-
year and 12% sequential increase, while margins improved to 15%. In 
Human Nutrition, niacinamide volumes grew steadily, supported by strong 
pricing across food and cosmetics applications. Choline chloride and CBT 
pricing also improved on the back of strong customer engagement across 
key global markets. 
 
In premixes, we strengthened our presence with Tier 1 customers in India 
following the successful integration of Remidex. Our Animal Nutrition 
business delivered a strong performance, supported by significant pricing 
improvement. Vitamin B3 volumes remained stable, while pricing improved 
substantially on both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 
In choline, we maintained our domestic market position and continued to 
witness healthy demand from Europe alongside improved customer 
realizations. The premixes business also performed well with volume 
growth and a favorable product mix driving margin expansion. 
 
In Chemical Intermediates business, it saw a strong rebound in Q1 on the 
back of robust demand and price escalations. Revenue in the segment 
grew to INR524 crore, up 38% year-on-year and 21% quarter-on-quarter, 
driven by strong volume growth and improved realizations, supported by 
higher input cost pass-throughs. EBITDA for the segment stood at INR57 
crore, up 240% year-on-year and 163% quarter-on-quarter, driven by 
strong realization gains across the product portfolio and effective cost pass-
through. 
 
Let me also share a few other critical updates. On the operations and ESG 
front, we remain firmly on track, targeting INR100 crore of lean savings in 
FY27. We are progressing well on our new MPP plant and advancing our 
Supernova program with new Gen AI use cases. We successfully cleared 
over 20 customer quality and EHS audits during the quarter and maintained 
an exemplary safety record across our manufacturing facilities. 

 
Page 6 of 20 
 
 
From an awards and recognition perspective, we achieved several notable 
milestones during the quarter. We were certified as a Great Place to Work 
and ranked among the top 50 manufacturing companies for FY27. 
 
On the safety front, our Gajraula facility earned a distinction at the British 
Safety Council International Safety Awards, while our Bharuch and Nira 
sites were also recognized at the same prestigious platform. 
 
On the M&A front, we successfully completed the integration of Remidex 
Pharma, and we are witnessing encouraging traction from Tier 1 human 
nutrition customers. We are also actively evaluating new growth 
opportunities across high potential segments such as electronics, 
semiconductors, cosmetics and nutrition. 
 
We also hosted a highly interactive Investor and Analyst Day at our 
Bharuch facility, showcasing our operational strength, pipeline visibility and 
growth aspirations. Feedback from the investment community was very 
encouraging with the visit reinforcing confidence in our manufacturing 
capabilities, operational excellence and expansion potential. Investors also 
gained deeper conviction in our CDMO growth story, supported by a robust 
opportunity pipeline and strong commercial traction. 
 
With a strong start to FY27, we are increasingly confident that our Pinnacle 
strategy is delivering results. We believe this will be a pivotal year in our 
journey, providing a strong platform to accelerate growth and create greater 
value in the quarters ahead. 
 
We will now be happy to address any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus. Please go 
ahead.  
Siddharth Gadekar: Good evening. The first question is on the CDMO contract. So can you give 
us some sense on what was the contribution on the large CDMO contract 
this quarter? And if the utilization was lower, was the plant reporting an 
EBITDA loss this quarter? 
Deepak Jain: 
So Siddharth, I think we shared some light on that at the plant visit also a 
couple of weeks back, but the plant has been running absolutely smoothly. 
We started the supplies in March and will continue through Q1 and a 

 
Page 7 of 20 
 
significant bump in EBITDA of our Specialty Chemicals business is 
reflected on the back of those volumes. 
 
We did not serve the full volumes last quarter as the innovator had 
confirmed because in between the raw material prices had escalated due to 
war and the innovator asked us to take a temporary pause till pricing came 
down. That was the only challenge by and large, except for some small 
challenges on the operational front. So, we did make good positive EBITDA 
on it, which is reflected in the Q1 numbers. 
Siddharth Gadekar: And how should we think about the full year EBITDA on this contract if the 
entire volumes do not come? 
Deepak Jain: 
So as communicated earlier also, we have certain EBITDA expectations on 
this contract, which I have announced to the markets in the past and on 
analyst calls in the past as well. We maintain that expectation. We, of 
course, are in discussions with the innovator on the volume visibility for 
coming quarters. They are building their scenarios, as I explained a couple 
of weeks back as well. 
 
They have not finalized and hence, I cannot provide any further visibility. 
But in the unforeseen circumstances of they not giving us any volume, we 
have full protection, which will more than cover for whatever EBITDA 
expectations we have communicated to the markets. 
Deepak Jain: 
Secondly, we have made a comment on the presentation that we will see 
sequential growth in the coming quarters. Can you highlight what are the 
drivers for that growth? And secondly, how should one think about the 
spreads in 2Q versus 1Q? 
Deepak Jain: 
If you see our business, and I think this is not different from what we have 
been communicating in our Pinnacle strategy, the growth drivers in the 
business are coming from our fine chemicals business, CDMO business 
and nutrition business. All three businesses are showing sequential growth 
in terms of volume as well as portfolio expansion as our pipeline also 
shows. 
 
At the same time, the new plant on Niacinamide that we created, we are 
filling up the capacity very fast. You can see the growth numbers in that 
business. A lot of it is driven by volume, and we expect to continue on that 

 
Page 8 of 20 
 
journey. The plant is already reaching almost 50% plus volumes versus 
what we had envisaged. And we are hoping in coming quarters, we will be 
able to take it to 70% of the peak volumes very soon. 
 
So all three businesses are expected to continue to grow in coming 
quarters. And all three are high-margin businesses. So that will give a very 
strong lift in the positive direction to our EBITDA. On top of that, acetyls or 
chemical intermediates, as you saw in Q1, has done well, and we are 
seeing that business continue to do well in current quarter as well, 
especially on the back of the recent escalations in oil price and the raw 
material prices. So if that continues, then we should be a sequential 
improvement in EBITDA coming quarters. 
Siddharth Gadekar: Just last question on the CDMO funnel. Last quarter, we had indicated we 
had 20 projects with a potential of around INR1,500 crore peak revenue. 
That number has increased to 25 projects. Can you give us the peak 
revenue number for this incremental for the total peak revenue from the 
CDMO contracts? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. I think so that is a good and valid observation. I think we explained 5 
new molecules which we have added. Most of them come from pharma or 
personal care segment and are early stage. And hence, right now, it is 
difficult to comment on the peak potential of those new molecules. And 
hence, we have not updated that INR1,500 crore number. 
 
Obviously, there will be upside coming from them. And as and when we get 
visibility from our customers on what kind of peak revenue potential exists 
in them, we will add to the confirmed revenue potential. But those are good 
early-stage molecules and will obviously take some time to get further 
visibility on what their peak potential could look like. 
Siddharth Gadekar: Okay,  that is it. Thank you so much. 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you, Siddharth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Abhijit Akella from KIE. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Good evening. Thank you so much and congrats on much improved 
numbers. First question is just actually a follow-up on the previous one. So 

 
Page 9 of 20 
 
this INR1,500 crore order book, would it be possible to just break out by 
end-use industry, what the rough mix is? That was one. 
 
And second, when we talk about pharma or personal care, given that these 
are early-stage molecules, and as you mentioned, it is difficult to quantify 
the opportunity there. How exactly have we arrived at the peak order value 
for these? Is it based on some firm contracts from the customer or how do 
we think about it? Because it is difficult to quantify just the requirements at 
early stages. 
Deepak Jain: 
Okay. Abhijit, This question came, I think, in the last call as well. And I 
explained that not all molecules in this pipeline are backed up by a 
multiyear or annual contract. This is based on a very customized set of 
discussions with the customers where they needed some molecules and 
we had those chemistries and we created those molecules and started the 
commercial supplies to them. So we start counting them as confirmed 
molecule as and when customers start taking first commercial volumes 
from us, even if it is small quantity, that is point number one. 
 
Point number two is, in most of those molecules, customers have given us 
at least some visibility on what their peak volumes would look like in 2 or 3 
or 4 years from now. So we have taken assumptions based on that on what 
it means for our volumes and our revenues. 
 
Number three, a couple of these molecules are very big and are backed up 
with contracts, including the big CDMO agro molecule that we talked about 
in response to first question. So obviously, all of that is included in this 
INR1,500 crore plus of potential. 
 
And fourth, as I have explained in the past also, if you look at our business 
mix, we have about 20%, 25% agro, about 30% pharma, about 10% to 15% 
industrial, 15% nutrition and 10% consumer. The broad mix of these 
molecules as well as broader pipeline also is reflecting that because when 
we started this exercise 2 years back and we met customers, we met 
customers across all segments. Of course the traction is higher in some 
and lower in some, like agro right now is going through downturn. We do 
have molecules, of course, the 2 contracts which we have already 
announced to the market plus a few more. But the speed at which we are 
moving in agro is relatively slow versus if I compare it with personal care or 
pharma pipeline because those segments are still holding up in the market, 

 
Page 10 of 20 
 
while agro is recovering gradually and will hopefully start to bounce back in 
the coming quarters. Hopefully, I answered your question, Abhijit. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Yes. Thank you. That is helpful. And the second one I just had was we 
have done INR209 crore of EBITDA this quarter, and we are talking about 
sequential growth through the rest of this year. In the context of that, is 
there any possibility you might want to upgrade your full year guidance of 
INR750 crore to INR800 crore? Would you see upside to that? And just 
from the standpoint of the segmental drivers, would it be possible to 
comment on how much of this increase year-on-year would be driven by 
spec chems and nutrition versus chemical intermediates? 
Varun Gupta: 
Abhijit, Varun here. Regarding your first point, whether we want to upgrade 
our guidance, we would like to stick with the same guidance of INR750 
crore to INR800 crore. Sequential growth will be there. It will be in the 
similar range of what we have indicated when we met in the Bharuch a 
month back of roughly INR200 crore kind of an EBITDA in the first half will 
be around INR400 crore plus. 
 
And in terms of the mix, bulk of our EBITDA and revenue growth will be 
done through specialty and nutrition, which has been continuing in the 
range of 70% to 80% of our EBITDA mix total. So if you do the math, 15% 
of total EBITDA for the quarter or for the year, chemical intermediaries will 
be coming in the similar range of INR100-odd crore. The rest all will be 
through specialty and nutrition. 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, Abhijit, I think I will just add one point to what Varun said. The reason 
we feel hopeful about sequential growth despite the guidance we have 
given is because we see acetyl doing well and continue to do well in this 
quarter as well. And on the back of some of the orders we have booked 
with the customers, we are hopeful that if they materialize in time, we can 
hopefully beat the target that we have set for ourselves. 
 
So that is why there is optimism that we should be able to improve 
sequentially. But given the volatility which exists in the market, particularly 
on the Acetyl segment, we never know what happens in Q4. right? So the 
fundamentals are strong, which make us believe that sequentially will 
improve. But obviously, there is always a risk if the market go down again in 
Q3, Q4. So that is why we maintain overall guidance at the levels we 
discussed. 

 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
Got it. Great. Just the last one from my side. I will step back in the queue 
after that. Just in terms of the order book and its materialization into 
revenues, we are aware of the large agro contract, of course. So that is 
one. But then what about the rest of the portfolio? How much of a 
contribution to revenues could that have in this year? And second, from the 
standpoint of the agro contract itself, should we expect the full annual run 
rate to be visible this year itself or should we wait for that for another year 
or so? 
Deepak Jain: 
See, I think based on our earlier calculations and assuming we get full 
revenue from the big contract as per the agreement with the customer, the 
confirmed molecules were supposed to contribute at least 25% of our 
Specialty and Nutrition portfolio together here. Now obviously, we do not 
have the visibility on the volumes from big contract, depending on where it 
lands, at least in revenue terms, there could be some adjustment. But in 
EBITDA terms, we should still be able to maintain what we have committed, 
as I explained in response to the first question. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay, got it. Thank you so much. I will come back in the queue for any 
more. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Nitesh Dhoot from Anand Rathi 
Institutional Equity. Please go ahead. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Good evening, team. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My 
question is on the Specialty Chemical segment numbers that we see. So 
the sequential increase there is only about INR17 crore in sequential 
revenue increase, and there is no change in EBITDA if you look at the 
previous quarter. So taking sequential numbers as our new plant got 
commercialized towards the end of the last quarter. So would that imply 
that the segment ex of the agro CDMO contract would have seen some 
revenue decline? And I mean, any pricing or margin pressures there? Or 
was the CDMO revenue looking lower than expected there. So could you 
just clarify? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. So I think the question is valid. And one thing to note is Q4 is always a 
heavy quarter for us because of the year-end. And what also happens is 
the customers also slow down their purchase in Q3 because that is year-
end for them. They do not want to increase their inventory. So naturally, in 

 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Q4, we get benefit from that. So I think from Q4 to Q1, sequential trajectory 
is not the factor of what is happening in the business. 
 
Secondly, of course, given the nature of our business, particularly on the 
Fine Chemicals and CDMO side, there are always some orders which can 
get pushed off by 1 quarter here and there, which I have explained in the 
past also, which may be some. So just keep these two factors in mind. 
 
But coming back to the specifics of your question, as you rightly said, the 
business has grown. The CDMO business has also grown, particularly on 
the back of the big order. And as I explained in response to one of the 
questions, we have not served the full volume in Q1 because customers 
asked us to delay some of that to Q2 because of the price escalations on 
raw material side, which hits them than us because we have to we pass it 
on to them. So we took some call there. 
 
On rest of the business, the pyridine business is pretty stable in terms of 
volume because it is a mature business. There was some pressure on 
pyridine pricing, which might have offset some part of the growth. The Fine 
Chemical business also is going strong in terms of both volume as well as 
holding up on the pricing. But because Q4 is a peak period for Fine 
Chemicals, again, when you compare Q1 to Q4, you will not see that 
sequential growth. 
 
So it is a combination of factors in our portfolio between CDMO business 
growing, fine chemicals coming out of a strong base quarter and pyridine 
stable but some price decline. All those forces put together is essentially 
what is leading to the kind of INR17 crore growth that we talked about. The 
more, I think, right way of doing it is to compare it versus last year, where 
versus last year, we have increased by almost 11% on specialty on a like-
to-like basis. And a significant portion of that growth has come from our fine 
chemical and CDMO. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sure. So just checking on the confirmed molecule count that has climbed 
up steadily in the last couple of quarters, 5 every quarter to 25 now. But the 
advanced stage bucket, that seems to be static at around 10 molecules for 
2 straight quarters. So any color that you would want to give there? 
Deepak Jain: 
Nitesh, you answered the question yourself. The confirmed moving means 
advance is also moving, right, if it is remaining at 10. So those 10 

 
Page 13 of 20 
 
molecules at advanced stage are not the same molecules which were 3 
months back because some of them have moved to confirmed part of the 
pipeline and some from rest of the pipeline had moved to the advanced 
stage pipeline. 
 
So the whole funnel is moving. Even the 100-plus molecules that we have 
mentioned even for this quarter is not the same 100 molecules, which we 
might have explained or announced 2 quarters back because the fact is 
some of them drop, some new opportunities come. Our funnel at the top 
part of it is also improving. I just came back from U.S. last week, met 7 
customers. On the back of that itself, there are at least 10 new opportunities 
we have now, which is not even reflected in the numbers we announced in 
the last quarter. 
 
So it is a moving funnel. Obviously, at the same time, there are some 
molecules, customers' plans are changing. So they come back and say that 
we want to put it on backburner. So it is a very dynamic pipeline. Each 
number, whether at the top of the funnel of 100-plus molecules or the 
confirmed molecules or advanced, all 3, the composition is changing every 
month, I would say, not this quarter. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Right. And just one on the nutrition side, if I can squeeze in. So last quarter, 
I think you had announced that Q1 benefits from the inventory were 
expected to fade from Q2 onwards. So does that still hold? Have we started 
seeing any reversal on those benefits? Or we still expect some of these 
gains to sustain there on the pricing side? And would want to know the 
capacity utilization at our human grade plant there and what kind of annual 
EBITDA do you expect from the Nutrition segment overall for FY '27? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. So I think I did mention that remark last call that because the raw 
material prices were increasing mid-May when we last spoke on this call, so 
there was this risk of we ending up being with high raw material inventory 
and pricing of finished good crashing. The good news is, number one, we 
were very careful in building up the stock of high raw material inventory. So 
we were very thoughtful and careful. 
 
Number two, the prices of finished goods, while they came down from the 
peak a little bit, they did not come down as much. And particularly in our 
specialty CDMO segment and Nutrition segment, we have been able to 
keep the pricing where they were in Q1. And number three, which in 

 
Page 14 of 20 
 
general is not a good news, but because the war restarted, the finished 
good prices have started to move up again in certain segments. So 
because of these three factors, we feel the impact coming from any 
inventory being carried over from Q1 to Q2 will be very minimal on the 
business. And hence, to Varun's earlier point, we feel confident about the 
numbers and the guidance we have given for Q2. 
 
To your second part, I think I already answered on the nutrition plant. That 
plant was created for 5,000 tons annual capacity. As we speak, we are 
already serving volumes of niacin and niacinamide cosmetic grade, which 
are the two products for which that plant was created, which are at a 50% 
of that run rate, and we are hoping to take it up to 70% plus by end of this 
year. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sure. So thanks a lot. Thank you so much, and all the best for the coming 
quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Archit Joshi from Nuvama Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead.  
Archit Joshi: 
Hi. Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. A slight clarification. From 
the presentation, I was reading that B3 volumes, we have mentioned it to 
be steady. And we have sort of said that the improvement in the quarterly 
results is coming because of pricing. And at the same time, we have written 
that strong volumes in niacinamide. 
So I just wanted to understand what would be the quarterly performance of 
Human Animal Nutrition business be? And is the pricing sustained in this 
current environment? And if we can see this INR28-odd crore EBIT number 
being sustainable for the rest of the financial year? That would be my first 
one. 
Deepak Jain: 
So Archit, I think the volumes have increased. They grew steadily. Maybe 
the English shared is confusing. But the volumes of B3 at the overall 
segment level have increased. And obviously, the high-value segment that 
we have started to serve through the niacin and niacinamide cosmetic 
grade from the new plant, that is also increasing. So I think the English 
might have confused, but I just explained in response to the previous 
question, the volumes have increased. 

 
Page 15 of 20 
 
 
The second question is about the pricing of B3. Obviously, that is a very 
volatile territory in the past historically. What we have seen is when prices 
move up, they stay up for at least 2 to 3 quarters at a time. So prices were 
up in Q1, and we have a little bit of spillover effect coming into Q2 as well.  
There is a possibility that prices may start to come down by end of Q2 
based on historical trends. The good thing for us is because the relative mix 
of high value-add products on the food grade, pharma grade and cosmetic 
grade is increasing, the pricing, even if it comes down, hopefully, it should 
not impact us significantly. 
Secondly, at the same time, we have been continuously working on the 
cost improvement for that product to ensure we can protect our margins. So 
if we are able to do that, both of those things in the -- depending on where 
the pricing is towards the end of Q2. Q2, we feel comfortable because a lot 
of booking for Q2, we have already done. 
That will, if at all, pricing comes down, it will have some impact on the Q3 
pricing, which we will see. But as I said, we have already done some 
mitigation actions, which should hopefully help us in protecting the margins. 
Archit Joshi: 
Got it, sir. Got it. Thanks for answering. The second one on, if you can give 
some update on the pricing of base pyridines. And how have we fared in 
the pyridine derivatives? And how do we sort of look at it for the rest of the 
9 months growth driver? 
Deepak Jain: 
Pyridine, as you all know, we are world leaders in pyridine and its 
derivatives. So we are running our plant currently also at 95% plus 
utilization level. So we have a strong momentum on the volume side, both 
on pyridine and its derivatives. The pricing depends on which derivative you 
are talking about in Pyridine. We do almost 60-plus products. In most of 
them, we have leadership position, and we are holding up on the pricing as 
well. 
There are some commoditized variants of Pyridine, including the building 
block itself. The pricing pressure is more acute there because of the 
overcapacity in China. But because increasingly, our focus is more on 
either pyridine downstream, more advanced derivatives or the picoline part 
of it, where the pricing is holding up. So we are able to manage that 
business in a fairly steady manner. 

 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Archit Joshi: 
One follow-up on the same one. To what extent have we internalized the 
base pyridines for captive use? I am sure the ratio was significantly higher 
towards base pyridines. I think you had indicated that also in the few con 
calls in the past. And right now, how much are we captively consuming? 
And what would be the external sales of base pyridines? That would be my 
last one. Thank you. 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, we never disclosed those numbers specifically, Archit. So I will not be 
able to give those numbers. But what is more important is that percentage 
of captive usage is increasing year-on-year, especially a lot of picoline. A lot 
of beta-picoline particularly goes into B3 requirement. And like I explained 
in earlier responses to the questions, the B3 volumes are growing 
substantially for us, which automatically means a lot of beta-picoline is 
getting used. 
So the percentage of captive usage is definitely increasing for picoline as 
well as in our pyridine business, we are doing and adding new derivatives, 
and we are signing new CDMO contracts pyridine. So in general, our 
relative share of captive consumption on the whole pyridine and picoline 
family is increasing, and it is significant. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sure. That is helpful. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Harsh Shah from Rare Enterprises. 
Please go ahead. 
Harsh Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity. You have just mentioned that we will not 
supply much of the large CDMO contract for this quarter due to the hike in 
the raw material prices. But can you indicate what about the present 
quarter? Are the volumes more for this quarter for the particular CDMO 
contract? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, Harsh, the volumes in this quarter will be more than the previous 
quarter. 
Harsh Shah: 
My second question is, last year, you have indicated that you have won 
more than around 15 molecules. And you have said that it takes generally 3 
years to reach the peak potential from those molecules. And a few of those 
molecules will be reaching the second year in this financial year. So can we 
expect a ramp-up in those molecules? 

 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Deepak Jain: 
Absolutely, there are molecules where we were doing volumes, and we are 
already getting indication from the customers that they will be giving higher 
volumes to us. Obviously, there is a lead time to all of it. We announced our 
pipeline first time, I think, last year, probably October. 
So as we get into the negotiations as well as discussions with the 
customers, generally, most Western customers give us volume indications 
by August, September and then confirmation by October for the following 
year. So there are at least a few molecules where I know the volumes will 
be higher in second year versus what they were in the first year. 
Harsh Shah: 
My final question would be, despite the massive investment that we have 
done in renewables and green energies, but our power and fuel expenses 
have gone sharply for this quarter. And also other expenses have also gone 
up. Could you explain the nature of these costs? And can we expect the 
power and fuel expenses to go down from here onwards? 
Varun Gupta: 
Hi, Harsh. Varun here. So yes, in this quarter, the power and fuel expenses 
have gone up on account of two reasons. One, first reason is year-on-year, 
our volumes have increased and so has the quantity of power and fuel. 
Second, because of this Gulf crisis, the cost of LSHS or the natural gas has 
also gone up, which has led to the increase in the cost of power, which is 
fuel, which is reflected in our P&L. 
In terms of the other expenses, which you see in the P&L, bulk of the 
increase is due to the logistic cost where we have been hit by the increase 
in the cost of logistics, both domestic and international, which is reflected 
there, which we were able to successfully pass on to our customers as is 
reflected in our increase in pricing. 
Harsh Shah: 
So one last question from my side. Has the large CDMO contract customer, 
have they given us any time line by which they will be providing us the full 
volume visibility? 
Deepak Jain: 
We have been in constant discussions with them. As you know, the market 
is dynamic. And obviously, they are also listed. I am sure all of you are 
tracking them as well. As and when they have the visibility, they will provide 
us. Unfortunately, they have not given us a firm time line. But in order to 
plan for Q3, we will need some clarity from them within the next month or 

 
Page 18 of 20 
 
so. So we are hopeful we will get more visibility at least about next quarter 
by next month. 
Harsh Shah: 
All right. Thank you and all the best. 
Shyam Bhartia: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Rohit Nagraj from 360 One Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good quarter. First question 
on the Specialty Chemicals front. We have given in our press release that 
there has been volume jump as well as pricing increase. So in terms of 
11% top line growth on a Y-o-Y basis, what would be the volume and value 
breakup given that the EBITDA increase is limited to 7%, so there could be 
some cost inflation transfer? Thank you. 
Deepak Jain: 
Rohit, we do not give the breakup of volume and price, but it is driven by 
both. Because as I explained earlier, our CDMO business has grown 
versus last quarter in terms of volumes. Our pyridine volumes are holding 
up at least at a steady level. Fine Chemical volumes have also grown. So 
there is a reasonably strong growth on the volume front.  
The other thing which is changing in specialty is the mix of the business, 
which is also giving high-priced products that also adds to the overall 
growth. And then, of course, there is some contribution coming from pricing 
growth. So it is a mixed bag. It is a healthy growth on volume supported by 
some price escalation. And obviously, the volume mix, which is being taken 
in a certain direction.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. That is helpful. Second question on the Chemical Intermediates front. 
Now if you look at Y-o-Y basis of the consolidated EBITDA delta of about 
INR56 crore, almost INR40 crore is contributed from Chemical segment, 
the Intermediates segment. What gives us confidence that this particular 
performance will continue in Q2 and thereafter? And an allied question to 
that, were there any inventory gains during the quarter gone by? Thank 
you. 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, Rohit. So see, that is why we have a portfolio of businesses. Now if 
you pick one business and say whether we are confident that every quarter, 

 
Page 19 of 20 
 
it will start increasing, that becomes slightly sticky because of what I 
explained earlier that every business has its own nuances and drivers. 
Sometimes one order moving from one quarter to other can reflect 
differently on the growth trajectory of the business. But I think if you see as 
a portfolio, 3 years back, we were giving INR100 crore EBITDA in a quarter, 
and now we are at INR209 crore. So what is more important is there is a 
steady growth over the last 3 years. 
Now in some quarters, some business fires and some business does not 
fire because of specific factors, which are outside of control. But as a 
portfolio, I think that is why we feel more confident in giving the guidance on 
the overall business. And you can analyze the last 12 quarter results. 
There will be quarters when specialty chemicals have fired, there will be 
quarters when nutrition has fired and there will be quarters when chemical 
intermediate has fired like the current one. But as a combination, we feel 
good about the portfolio. And put together, we feel confident that we will 
deliver on the numbers we have committed. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Perfect. That is helpful. Just one last clarification. In terms of the large 
CDMO contract where the revenues of $300 million spanned over 5 years, 
is there any take-or-pay commitment? And if initially for whatever reasons, 
if the commitment is lower, can that contract get extended beyond 5 years 
to fulfill the entire $300 million? Thank you. 
Deepak Jain: 
No. So, Rohit, we have clarified it multiple times in the past and on this call 
also, probably even not part of this call earlier. Yes, we have full protection. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Perfect. That is helpful. Thanks a lot and all the best, sir. 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Kiran Gadge from Knightstone Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Kiran Gadge: 
Sorry, my question has been answered. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take that as the last question. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management team for closing 
comments. 

 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining this call today. We hope we have been 
able to answer all your queries. For further clarification, I would request you 
to get in touch with me. Thank you once again for your interest in Jubilant 
Ingrevia Limited. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited, that 
concludes the conference. Thank you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. 
You may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity, 
readability, etc. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high 
level of accuracy. 
 
