mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
I 
Igniting Success 
Reg Office: Mahindra Towers, P.K. Kurne Chowk,  
Worli, Mumbai - 400018 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
Arena Space, 10th & 11th Floor, 
Plot No. 20, Jogeshwari Vikhroli Link Road,
Near Majas Bus Depot, Jogeshwari (East), 
Mumbai – 400060, Maharashtra. 
Tel: +91 22 6836 7900 
Email: enquiries@mahindralogistics.com 
www.mahindralogistics.com 
CIN: L63000MH2007PLC173466 
Ref: MLLSEC/77/2026                           
 
    27 July 2026 
To,  
BSE Limited, 
(Security Code: 540768)
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,
(Symbol: MAHLOG) 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
“G” Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051  
Dear Sirs,  
Sub:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call - Regulations 30 & 46 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI 
Listing Regulations”) 
Ref:    Intimation of earnings conference call vide letters dated 10 July 2026 and Outcome and audio 
recording of earnings conference call dated 21 July 2026 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call of the Company for the first quarter 
ended 30 June 2026, held on Tuesday, 21 July 2026, with several Analysts/Institutional 
Investors/Funds. The transcript includes list of management attendees and the dialogues including 
but not limited to the Questions & Answers. 
The text transcript and audio recordings of the said earnings call are also uploaded on the website of 
the Company at the weblink: https://mahindralogistics.com/investor-interaction/recording-amp-
transcript/
No Unpublished Price Sensitive Information was shared/discussed by the Company during the 
earnings conference call. 
This intimation will also be uploaded on the website of the Company and can be accessed at the 
weblink: https://mahindralogistics.com/investor-interaction/
For Mahindra Logistics Limited  
Jignesh Parikh 
Company Secretary 
Enclosures: As above
Digitally signed by: JIGNESH 
ASHOK PARIKH
DN: CN = JIGNESH ASHOK 
PARIKH C = IN O = 
PERSONAL
Date: 2026.07.27 10:25:18 +
05'30'
JIGNESH 
ASHOK 
PARIKH

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Page 1 of 20
“Mahindra Logistics Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 21, 2026 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recording uploaded on the website of the stock exchange on 21st July 2026 will prevail.
MANAGEMENT: MR. HEMANT SIKKA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  (“MD & CEO”) 
MS. ISHA DALAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
(“CFO”)  
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANDAR CHAVAN – STRATEGIC GROWTH 
ADVISORS

mallindra 
LOGISTICS
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
July 21, 2026 
Page 2 of 20
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Mahindra Logistics Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the Company, which are based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the Company as on the 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Mandar Chavan from SGA. Thank you, 
and over to you. 
Mandar Chavan: 
Thanks, Manav. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Mahindra Logistics 
Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. We are pleased to have with us today Mr. Hemant 
Sikka, our Managing Director and CEO; Ms. Isha Dalal, CFO, along with the member of the 
senior management team. 
I hope everyone had a chance to view our financial results and investor presentation, which were 
recently posted on the company's website and stock exchanges. We will begin the call with the 
opening remarks from management, followed by an open forum for question and answer. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements made during today's call 
may be forward-looking. A disclaimer to that effect was included in the earnings presentation. I 
would like to invite Mr. Sikka to share his remarks. 
Hemant Sikka: 
Thank you, Mandar. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We have 
started FY27 on a very strong note, building on the momentum created over the last few quarters. 
The improvements that we are seeing reinforce a simple but very important fact. 
The actions we took to strengthen our operating model, sharpen our execution skills, bring in a 
lot of discipline and rigour with a very strong focus on our customers and improving the quality 
of our growth are delivering tangible results. 
You can see that in our results. We delivered a significant step-up in profitability this quarter, 
moving from a PAT loss of INR 10.8 crores in  Q1FY26to a PAT profit of INR 25.4 crores in 
Q1FY27. Alongside this, our consolidated revenue grew by 23% Y-o-Y, reflecting broad-based 
strength of our businesses. 
These results validate the effectiveness of our transformation efforts and demonstrate the power 
of disciplined execution, strong customer focus, improved customer level economics and a 
relentless focus on profitable growth. 
If I have to see, there are four themes which capture our progress in this quarter, and I will take 
some time to go through each one of them. We are clearly entering our next phase with 
confidence and purpose, anchored by four strategic pillars who will drive profitable growth, 

mallindra 
LOGISTICS
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
July 21, 2026 
Page 3 of 20
build differentiated capabilities and cement Mahindra Logistics leadership in the logistics 
ecosystem of tomorrow. 
Let me talk about 3PL scale up. Expanding the core this is our core business, so expanding the 
core with higher quality growth remains a key strategic priority. Contract Logistics continues to 
be the cornerstone of our business as we strengthen our 3PL franchise through deeper customer 
partnerships, sector-focused solutions and efforts on high-growth consumption sectors, while 
maintaining discipline on margins, return on capital and operational excellence. 
B2B Express turnaround continues to be a very key focus area for us. We continue to drive a 
disciplined turnaround through network optimization, rigorous cost management and enhanced 
service reliability. This is laying the foundation for a very sustainable long-term value creation 
in our B2B Express business. 
We clearly want to be a leader in operational excellence. Operational excellence is embedded 
across our organization. This is not a flavour of a month or a quarter for us. Through disciplined 
execution, process standardisation and continuous productivity improvements, we are enhancing 
the customer experience while consistently delivering superior service levels. 
Technology as a differentiator is again a key strategic lever for us. Technology continues to be 
a strategic differentiator for Mahindra Logistics. LogiOne, our digital ecosystem, provides 
greater visibility, faster decision-making and data-driven insights, enabling us to build smarter 
and future-ready supply chains for our customers. 
Our e-commerce and quick commerce business continues its momentum, reinforcing our 
position in the fast-growing segments of the logistics ecosystem. As we have articulated 
previously, our objective is not to scale for the sake of scale only. Let me repeat this. Our 
objective is not to scale for the sake of scale only, but go for intelligent scale, where every 
customer, every contract and every investment contribute meaningfully to our long-term 
profitable growth. 
Let me now turn to a few specific business updates. Starting with our Express business, which 
is MESPL or Rivigo, as we call it, our B2B Express Logistics business - In Q1, revenue grew 
by 58% Y-o-Y and the gross margin improved from negative INR 3.6 crores in Q1FY26to a 
positive of INR 9.2 crores in FY27. 
The business continues its turnaround journey with uptick in volume and yield and disciplined 
cost control now firmly embedded in our system. Our focus remains on EBITDA breakeven with 
PAT progression to follow in a calibrated manner. The foundation of the business is far stronger 
today, and we are confident that this is a long-term business for us, and it will create long-term 
value for our stakeholders. 
In our Contract Logistics business, Q1 revenue grew by 26% Y-o-Y and our gross margins grew 
by 21% Y-o-Y, a clear indication that our focus on operational efficiencies and profitable 
customers is working. We continue to see new wins across business segments, reflecting 
stronger customer solutioning capability, very strong customer focus, improved service delivery 
and deeper customer engagement. 

mallindra 
LOGISTICS
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
July 21, 2026 
Page 4 of 20
We have been speaking about our white space for the last few quarters. So on white space, I'm 
very happy to inform you that we are firmly on our track to achieve our glide path on reducing 
our white space by 95% by September '26 to the point where we started in quarter 1 of last year. 
In quarter 1 of last year, we had said that whatever white space we had at that point in time, 
which was 1.6 million square feet, we will reduce it by 95%. We are firmly on track to achieve 
that. 
In our Mobility business, quarter 1 revenue grew by 38% Y-o-Y and our gross margins grew by 
2% Y-o-Y. Our focus is on acquiring new customers on the B2B side of the business. On the 
B2C side, we are focusing on stabilising and building on the recently launched airport taxi 
business at the Noida International Airport. 
In our Last Mile Delivery business, LMD, as we call it, revenue moderation, we had a degrowth 
of 16% Y-o-Y was a conscious strategic choice, and we had called that out in our earlier 
communication that this is a conscious strategic choice to prioritise profitable business over low-
margin business amid sustained pricing and cost pressures. This strategy has actually worked 
very well for us, and it has driven our gross margin in quarter 1 up by 62% Y-o-Y, supported by 
improved business mix and disciplined cost management. 
In our Freight Forwarding business, revenue for Q1FY27stood at INR 45 crores, reflecting the 
impact of customer attrition experienced during the recent transition phase of the business and 
the geopolitical crisis that we are currently facing. 
We have since strengthened the leadership team and are focused on expanding commercial 
coverage, rebuilding the customer pipeline and driving growth while maintaining strong service 
level and operational discipline. As we look ahead, our priorities remain unchanged. 
We will continue to scale our core business profitably, strengthen the Express Logistics network, 
improve asset utilisation and leverage technology to drive productivity and customer experience. 
Operational excellence will remain the foundation of everything that we do. So, in conclusion, 
the transformation journey we embarked on a year ago has now evolved into a growth journey. 
Our focus is firmly on building a stronger, more agile and future-ready Mahindra Logistics, one 
that consistently delivers profitable growth, superior customer experience and sustainable value 
creation. In this journey, we will continue to see, number one, revenue and PAT growth; two, 
improved operational efficiency and excellence; and three, a growing base of highly satisfied 
customers who clearly see tangible value from our services. 
Friends, our vision is clear. We want to be India's number one logistics service provider, 
delivering superior customer experience through technology-led solutions and led by a very 
passionate team. 
With that, I will now hand over to Isha, our CFO, to take you through the financials. Isha, over 
to you. 

mallindra 
LOGISTICS
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
July 21, 2026 
Page 5 of 20
Isha Dalal: 
Thank you, Hemant. Good afternoon, everyone. Let me now give you a brief on the consolidated 
financial performance for Q1 FY27. Our revenue has increased by 23% year-on-year to INR 
2,003 crores. As you will see in our segment results, supply chain management, which includes 
our 3PL and network services business, including Freight Forwarding, Express and Last Mile, 
contributed 94% of overall revenue and the Mobility business contributes 6% of our overall 
revenue. This revenue split remains more or less consistent with previous quarters. 
Gross margin on a fully consolidated basis stood at 9.7% in Q1 FY27 compared to 9.4% in Q1 
FY26, which is an improvement of approximately 28 bps year-on-year. Our reported EBITDA 
for the quarter is INR 115 crores, up from INR 76 crores in Q1 FY26. 
As we have done starting last quarter, we will now also share the per Ind AS 116 or adjusted 
EBITDA numbers, which factor in the full impact of lease cost and EBITDA. At this adjusted 
EBITDA level, as you would have seen in our investor deck, EBITDA for the quarter stands at 
INR 57 crores, up 76% versus INR 32 crores in the same quarter last year. 
Our adjusted EBITDA percent is at 2.8%, improved by 85 bps year-on-year. Our PAT for this 
quarter is at INR 25.4 crores, which is INR 36 crores better versus Q1 FY26. In the same quarter 
last year, just to remind, our consolidated loss was INR 10.8 crores. I do want to call out that our 
PAT in this quarter includes INR 4 crores of interest on income tax refund. You will see that in 
the other income line, which is not expected to be recurring income in the subsequent quarters. 
If you remove that number, our operating PAT is approximately INR 21.4 crores. 
As Hemant has already mentioned, we will work towards continuing our trajectory of PAT 
positivity and improvement in operating performance. I will now move on to segment-wise 
performance. In the Contract Logistics business, our Q1 FY27 revenue was INR 1,623 crores as 
compared to INR 1,289 crores in Q1 FY26, up by 26%. 
One of the key drivers for this growth has been continued strong momentum in the M&M auto 
and farm businesses as well as growth in our other 3PL verticals, including e-commerce. In this 
segment, gross margin has diluted by 46 bps year-on-year. 
While efficiency and intrinsic operating performance improvement across the Contract Logistics 
business continues basis all the levers we have deployed and which Hemant spoke about a few 
minutes ago, the business has faced some headwinds driven by manpower shortages, site ramp-
up and minimum wage revisions resulting in some margin compression. 
These have been offset by our overhead efficiencies and operating leverage, leading to an 
EBITDA growth of 31% year-on-year and margin expansion from 6.6% to 6.9%. In the Last 
Mile Delivery business, the network recalibration and focus on profitable sites has led to a 16% 
year-on-year revenue decline. However, in line with our strategy, this business has witnessed 
GM expansion from 5% to 9% year-on-year and is continues to be EBITDA profitable. 
In the Freight Forwarding business, the business has faced challenges due to a combination of 
macro-led disruptions and the impact of customer attrition experienced during the recent 
transition period of the business. This has led to decline in volume from some key customers. 

mallindra 
LOGISTICS
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
July 21, 2026 
Page 6 of 20
Revenue for the quarter was INR 45 crores as compared to INR 74 crores in Q1 FY26, down by 
39%. Despite these challenges, the Freight Forwarding business has continued to maintain 
healthy gross margin of 10%, in line with historical trends and witnessed efficiency in fixed cost. 
It has continued to remain positive at the EBITDA level. 
In our Express business, Q1 FY27 revenue was INR152 crores as compared to INR97 crores in 
Q1 FY26, up by 58%. Year-on-year improvement in both volume and yield has driven this 
revenue growth. Our gross margin stood at 6% compared to minus 3.8% in Q1 FY26. We 
continue to expand gross margin year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter, in line with our 
commitment to improved operating performance. 
EBITDA performance in this business also continues to improve with an EBITDA loss of INR 
1.6 crores in this quarter versus an INR 11.8 crores loss in the corresponding quarter last year. 
I'll come to the last segment, which is Mobility, where the revenue for this quarter is INR 111 
crores as compared to INR 80 crores in Q1 FY26, up by 38% year-on-year. 
The revenue growth in this vertical was largely contributed by expansion of client base in the 
B2B vertical. That brings me to the end of the commentary on segment results. And with this, I 
will now open the floor for question and answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much., we will now begin with the question and answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to 
remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested 
to use handset while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while 
the question queue assembles. We have first question from the line of Alok Deora from Motilal 
Oswal Financial Services. 
Alok Deora: 
So, congratulations on pretty decent numbers. Just had a couple of questions. First is on the 
Express business. So, if you can just indicate what has been the volumes for this particular 
quarter? And yes, in tonnage terms. 
And also, this improvement in the EBITDA, which we have seen in this quarter, so that we 
should be kind of break-even now by the second quarter, is that the understanding correct? We 
are on that path? If you can just highlight on the Express business first? 
Isha Dalal: 
Yes. Alok, we don't really disclose the volumes in the Express business. But as I mentioned, we 
are continuing our trajectory of improvement in both volumes and yield. And that journey is 
well underway, and we are satisfied with the progress. We have been indicating that just as we 
turned gross margin positive in this business last year, we will seek to be EBITDA positive or 
EBITDA breakeven this year. 
And again, we are well on the way to achieving that target. So. we will continue to work towards 
that milestone. I would not like to indicate whether it would be in quarter 2 or 3 or 4. I think we 
have still a lot of work to do in this business, but I can tell you that, that continues to be our 
objective for this year. 

mallindra 
LOGISTICS
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
July 21, 2026 
Page 7 of 20
Alok Deora: 
Got it. Second question is on the Mobility business. Now we are clocking almost – INR 110 
crores per quarter of revenue. And the EBITDA margin is in the range of 2% to 3%, which has 
been there even when we were doing a very smallish number like INR80 crores. So where can 
the margins go here in this business? Because suppose if we continue to see this kind of run rate 
in revenue, is there any scope of margin improvement here? Or this would be like a 2%- 3% 
kind of a margin business? 
Isha Dalal: 
Yes. Alok, so I think from a gross margin perspective, we have historically been between a 9%- 
10% kind of gross margin business in the Mobility segment, and we will continue to work 
towards that kind of gross margin profile. As the business expands in top line, we will continue 
to see some operating leverage in this business. We also will make some commensurate 
investments in B2B and so on, which you will see. But eventually, as the business grows in 
scale, we should see some improvement in the percentage EBITDA profile of the business. 
Alok Deora: 
Got it. So just some clarification here. So this is almost entirely B2B? 
Isha Dalal: 
We don't disclose the specific percentages, Alok, but the B2B business, which is employee 
transport services as well as the B2C business, which is now branded Alyte, are both within this 
segment. 
Hemant Sikka: 
Majority, Alok, is the B2B, a large majority. 
Alok Deora: 
Got it. Just last question related to this only. I mean I'm not directly comparing it in that sense, 
but we have another listed player who is into this sort of business. There, the margins we see are 
in the range of 10% to 12%, which is again mainly B2B and into the transportation services. So 
I just wanted to understand is this the margin because the mix is different or the customer profile 
is different? Or just if you could just spend a minute on this, it would be helpful. 
Isha Dalal: 
Sure, Alok, there are various types of model even in the B2B business of Mobility. One of them 
is the employee transport services business, which I was mentioning. And the other one is kind 
of an on-call business or a chauffeur car service business, right, which essentially just to kind of 
explain, it means when you go to another city, the car kind of is with you for the entire day and 
you get charged on that basis. 
Now that is a significantly more lucrative business from a margin profile perspective than the 
first business I mentioned, which is the employee transport services business. So the relative 
margin profile or the rather, I should say, the blended margin profile of the business will depend 
on the relative mix of these two segments. 
At MLL Mobility, we are heavily weighted towards the employee transport services business, 
and hence, our margin profile will be, therefore, slightly lower even from a gross margin 
perspective. Secondly, there is the question of scale and size of the business. So like I mentioned, 
from an operating leverage perspective, we probably don't have the kind of leverage yet that one 
would expect at 2 or 3 times the scale. 
Alok Deora: 
Got it. Thanks for that pretty good explanation. Thank you so much. All the Best. 

mallindra 
LOGISTICS
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
July 21, 2026 
Page 8 of 20
Isha Dalal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Krupashankar from Avendus Spark. 
Krupashankar: 
Congrats on great set of results. My first question is on the Contract Logistics business. Just 
want to get an indication on two aspects. First is on what would be Mahindra Logistics' wallet 
share with M&M this year? And then what is it in comparison to last year? 
And in continuation to that, I just wanted to get a sense around the growth, what would be the 
contribution of new clients this year to your overall growth because the growth has been quite 
solid in the Contract Logistics. If you can give some color around that? 
Hemant Sikka: 
Thank you, Krupa. So, on how much are we as a wallet share for Mahindra, I mean, we have a 
significant part of their business, clearly. It's not only that we are a preferred partner for them. 
We also have a significant part of their business. That would be our comment. And we continue 
to win a large part of their business, which comes on stream. So, we are pretty large with 
Mahindra. 
And on the new customers, we don't share that ratio of new customers, but I can only tell you 
that with our focus on customers a lot, bringing in technology, a very strong focus on our 
operational excellence, we are winning a lot of new customers. 
In fact, compared to our internal plan, which was a very aggressive plan in quarter 1, we have 
surprised ourselves with wins more than what we had even planned as part of our stretch goal. 
So that means our customers are appreciating the kind of solutioning that we are doing, the kind 
of benefits we are bringing to them, and that gives us a lot of confidence that the kind of growth 
that we want for this business is looking good for us. 
Krupashankar: 
Understood. The reason why I'm further questioning on this aspect is that the momentum of 
growth, what you are seeing on the Contract Logistics business, is it going to be primarily a 
reflection of the underlying automotive growth, which is there at this point? Or do you also see 
that the segments like e-commerce, which we are talking about, continuing to keep this growth 
rate at north of 20% over the near term? 
Hemant Sikka: 
You are absolutely right, Krupa. Since we are a very significant part of Mahindra's logistics 
game, when Mahindra's auto and tractor business does so well, obviously, that has a very big 
tailwind for us. So, we will benefit from that. And hopefully, that will continue through the year. 
Apart from that, let me also tell you that we are winning a lot of business from e-commerce 
customers. So, we don't share that business wise, but I can broadly tell you that we have done 
very good work on e-commerce. 
Thirdly, I want to call out our manufacturing and telecom vertical, which is again doing 
exceptionally well. Since we have this core competence working with Mahindra as a large client 
on working with manufacturing clients, I think we are also a preferred kind of a logistics partner 
for all manufacturing companies, whether they are MSMEs or they are large companies. So, we 
have also won a lot of business on that side. Again, we don't want to share our customer names 

mallindra 
LOGISTICS
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
July 21, 2026 
Page 9 of 20
here. But I can tell you that in the last quarter, we have won a couple of very large marquee 
clients in the manufacturing space also. So, we are feeling good about that. 
Krupashankar: 
Understood. One last question on Express segment business. While I do appreciate that you don't 
want to share any incremental information on volumes, absolute volumes, can you break up the 
growth between what would have been the volume growth and what would have been the yield 
growth this quarter?  
Hemant Sikka: 
So, Krupa, I'll give you more color. But let me tell you why we are not calling the number. We 
used to share that number if you see our previous communications, and then we stopped doing 
it a couple of quarters back, which was a very conscious decision because it is not the volume 
alone, which will drive our turnaround story. 
Let me tell you, I can pick up the volume as much as I want if I don't care about the yield. And 
if you remember in some of the calls with investors, we had shared that especially that there are 
certain lanes across the country where it is as much volume that you want to pick up, you can 
pick up if you don't care about the per kg rates. That is not our objective. 
Our objective is not to maximize volume and make losses. Our objective is to turn around this 
business. So we are very focused on volume as well as yield. And that is why we said that we 
will not declare the volume because it doesn't give you any picture. A lot of the analysts were 
asking us at what volume will you become EBITDA positive. 
Let me tell you, there is no right answer for that because we can take as much volume and can 
never break EBITDA if we don't care about the rupee per kg. So it is especially important for us 
that we focus on both, which is yield as well as volume. Now just to tell you a better colour on 
it, as Isha said in her remarks, but I will add more weight to what Isha said that our target is to 
become EBITDA positive in this year, but let me tell you that we are very confident of achieving 
this. So I think that should give you some indication on where we are. 
Krupashankar: 
Get your Point. Thanks a lot for answering. 
Hemant Sikka: 
Thanks, Krupa, 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Rehan Saiyyed from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
So, my first question is around your current understanding regarding the customer addition and 
economic-wise. So, could you help us understand the economics of the new customer addition 
during the quarter? So, are the customers being onboarded at margin above the portfolio 
average? And how long does it typically take for a new contract to reach steady-state established 
profitability? 
Hemant Sikka: 
Rehan, I didn't understand very clearly, but just let me repeat what I understood as you asking 
that what is the margin profile of the new customers that we are adding? Is that what you want 
to know? 

mallindra 
LOGISTICS
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
July 21, 2026 
Page 10 of 20
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Yes, yes. Like and also how long does it typically take for a new contract to reach steady state 
profitability level? 
Hemant Sikka: 
Okay. Fair point. So obviously, Rehan, we can't share you what is our margin profile for new 
customers. I can only tell you that we are very competitive. All these new wins that we are 
getting are very hard-fought win. These are won against, I mean, national RFQs that our 
customers come up with. And you know that we have a very competitive logistics industry in 
the country. 
So all these wins that we are getting are very hard fought. And these are done not only on pricing 
basis, but also on the quality, the solutioning that we bring for our customers, our reputation in 
terms of our execution ability and the governance, which the Mahindra Group brings for the 
customers. So this is a combination of several things that we are judged by our customers, and 
it's not only a pricing call that the customer will make for us. 
Having said that, I can only broadly tell you that we are very focused on making sure that while 
our teams work so hard, we don't want to work very hard and at the end of the month, give a 
cheque to our customers. 
That is not our objective. We want our teams to work very hard and then also be making profit 
for our company and also for our stakeholders. So that is our game plan here. I can't share you 
the profit profile of our customers. Only I can tell you that these are very hard-fought wins. And 
we, compete very aggressively in the marketplace for any good customer that is available in the 
market. 
On your second question on how quickly it becomes, generally, we have seen that when you are 
coming up with a new site, if the site is small, it is a matter of a couple of weeks. But if we are 
also winning some very large sites where it takes almost 3 to 4 months for a site to come fully 
normalized in operations. 
We have recently opened a very large site for a very marquee customer in Luhari near Gurgaon. 
I mean, just to give you an idea, it's almost like a 2 lakh square feet site. There, we are expecting 
that our operations will become normalised in about 3 to 4 months' time. So this is the general 
timeline, but we also have for last mile, very small sites like less than 1,000 square feet, where 
the sites become normalized within the first 10 days. So depending on 10 days to let's say 4 
months, that's the kind of window that you can keep in mind. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Got it, sir. And sir, right now, you have mentioned about the Mahindra & Mahindra company. 
So sir, just wanted a clarification. Mahindra continues to remain a meaningful contributor to 
revenue. So could you indicate where this share stands today versus 3 years ago? And where 
you would ideally like this concentration to settle over the medium term? 
Hemant Sikka: 
Yes. So we are very proud of our association with both the large businesses of Mahindra, which 
is automotive, a very large business in the country as well as the tractor business, which is the 
world's largest tractor company by volume. We are very proud of our association. 

mallindra 
LOGISTICS
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
July 21, 2026 
Page 11 of 20
And obviously, Mahindra & Mahindra is our lead marquee customer. 3 years back, this ratio 
was pretty high, closer to the range of almost 70%. This over years came down to less than 50%, 
but again, because of happy news that both Mahindra business of auto and tractor have done 
better than the overall industry growth. 
And since they are doing so well, obviously, their share of our business has gone up. So we are 
now closer to 60% with them. We don't have a target to reduce that ratio at all. Our target is that 
we should win as much business from Mahindra and as much business from non-Mahindra 
clients. 
So we will keep giving our best foot forward. We don't want to lose any business from Mahindra, 
and we have won a lot of business in the last 12 months from Mahindra. And similarly, we are 
winning businesses for non-Mahindra clients, and that is, again, our very strong focus area. So 
we'll continue to do well on both sides. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Got it, sir. Thank you for the quick clarification. And sir, one more last question, if you can 
allow me to ask like. Sir, your warehouse utilisation level, I just wanted to know. So sir, your 
warehouse capacity has expanded meaningfully over the last few years. So could you disclose 
the current utilization level of our warehouse portfolio? And you have any tracking metric, like 
at what utilization level that operating leverage becomes meaningful? 
Hemant Sikka: 
So broadly, we had shared two numbers earlier, which we stopped sharing in every quarter, but 
I can still quote that number. In the quarter 1, we had shared that we had 1.6 million of square 
feet in quarter 1 of last year,  
And we had set a target that we will reduce this 1.6 million of white space by 95%, I can share 
with you that we are on track for that. That target was to reduce it by 95% by September of this 
year, and we are on target, So that's what we will share. We will not share what is our overall 
utilisation. They are very high utilisation levels currently. But we don't want to share that number 
because it is not good for when we are pitching for new businesses. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Okay, no worries and thank you.Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of 
Achal Lohade from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Achal Lohade: 
First question is with respect to Contract Logistics, 26% revenue growth. Obviously, you 
attributed this to the M&M group as well as the non-M&M. The margins, despite such a strong 
growth, we have seen that actually the margins kind of seen a contraction on both Y-o-Y, Q-o-
Q? 
If you could clarify how much of that could get reversed like I think it was called out with respect 
to wage revisions, etc. If you could call out, A, part of this can get reversed? And B, if we are 
looking at a structurally lower margin, we were like 7.7% in Q4 FY26. So is it fair to say that 
the new normal is 7%, and that's the starting point here from here on? 
Hemant Sikka: 
Achal, I'll come in first, and Isha will then come in to give you more colour. So broadly, I can 
tell you that there were 3 areas which led to margin contraction. Very big one was that we have 

mallindra 
LOGISTICS
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
July 21, 2026 
Page 12 of 20
a sales target for this year. Thankfully, again, happy to share that with the good work done by 
our teams, we have over exceeded our target in quarter 1. 
So that had led to a lot of new starting up cost because we were like opening a site almost every 
week, a new site every week kind of run rate. So, since we were opening so many new sites, 
there are always start-up costs. And as I said in my previous answer, it takes 3 to 4 months for 
the site to normalise and then the profits to come back at the level where we had won the 
business. 
But first 3-4 months are always more costs and revenues follow later. So, some of that margin, 
Isha will share with you some numbers on that, , there is some start-up costs in this, which 
obviously, since it is the first few months of the start-up cost, this will normalise. 
The other costs was that you know that there was all over the country, an issue of manpower 
availability in quarter 1 because of the various factors which were playing out in terms of LPG 
shortage and there was some reverse migration happening to villages. That led to us hiring some 
ad hoc manpower, which has more or less streamlined again. I think we are back to our normal 
labour thing, but that led to some cost pressures. 
And the third was on the fuel price increase. Even though for us, the fuel is a pass-through, and 
we have been able to pass it down to our customers, but it doesn't happen on the same day 
because all these costs are actually to be discussed with the customers, the POs have to be 
amended and also it takes some lag. So these were broadly the 3 factors, and Isha can share more 
details on it in her remarks. 
Isha Dalal: 
Yes. Thanks, Hemant. Achal, nothing much to add from what Hemant has said. But just to give 
you sort of a broad sense, the start-up cost that Hemant spoke about, I would say about half of 
the year-on-year dilution, etc, should have come from the start-up cost or the ramp-up cost that 
Hemant talked about. So that, of course, is a temporary sort of bunching up of cost in 1 quarter 
that should normalize as the year goes on, and we will seek to recover it. 
And the rest is on account of some of these other operational challenges, disruptions and cost 
escalations that we have faced. And I think you are aware that there is a lot of work ongoing on 
the ground to be able to sort of recover some of those efficiencies. 
I will also say that while there has been a gross margin dilution, it is also very noticeable that 
there has been work done on the overhead side through other cost efficiencies and optimization 
to try and recover some of that cost hit at an EBITDA level So that work is ongoing, and we will 
continue to do that. 
Achal Lohade: 
Thank you, Just to clarify, when you mentioned half of that was on account of the start-up cost, 
you're talking at the gross margin, which is 40 bps down Y-o-Y? 
Isha Dalal: 
Right. 
Achal Lohade: 
Okay. Got it. The second question I had was with respect to the B2B Express with a 57% revenue 
growth, we've seen the EBITDA margins improving. How do you see - in terms of the - is this 

mallindra 
LOGISTICS
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
July 21, 2026 
Page 13 of 20
the run rate we should work with? Is there any significant seasonality out here, which we should 
kind of bake in? And, if you could clarify with respect to particular sector, which is driving this 
Express business? 
Hemant Sikka: 
No particular sector. I think we are doing well on a cross-section of sectors. So I won't be able 
to call out a particular sector. But I'll just repeat our confidence that we are working very hard 
towards an EBITDA break-even in this financial year, and we are very confident that target 
should be achieved by us. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. And with respect to the run rate, is that one should work with the seasonality, if you could 
clarify on that? 
Hemant Sikka: 
There will be some seasonality. I have seen that during -- if the rains are very heavy, then it leads 
to some kind of business operating issues. So that can lead to some kind of a small here and 
there in quarter 2. But generally, that gets covered in quarter 3 because the festive demand starts 
to kick in. So there is always some seasonality, but nothing to like call out. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. And just a clarification, if I may ask, Isha, if I add up all the segments, the numbers what 
you have given in terms of gross profit, there is some difference between the reported gross 
profit and this. Is there any classification difference? The EBITDA tally is exactly, just the gross 
profit, if you could clarify on that? 
Isha Dalal: 
You're talking about the numbers in the segment-wise breakup versus the overall gross profit? 
Achal Lohade: 
Yes. 
Isha Dalal: 
There shouldn't be. There could be some intercompany elimination, etc but I will check on that 
and come back to you, Achal. But there shouldn't be that. INR 194.5 crores is the gross profit 
for the quarter. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. Thank you so much 
Isha Dalal:
Thank you 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Jinesh Joshi from PL Capital. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I have two, three business-specific questions, not directly 
relating to numbers. So first is that typically, when do the yield negotiations happen with our 
anchor client, M&M? And historically, in the past, I mean, what kind of escalations have we 
seen? 
I understand the growth in Contract Logistics is driven by M&M and their volume growth has 
been really good, which is helping us. But I mean, if you can help us understand how yield 
negotiations happen and how have they been in the past? 
Hemant Sikka: 
Not understood the question because if M&M is coming up with any new, let's say, warehouse 
in this month, that warehouse will get negotiated in that particular month. There is a process that 
if there is a fuel escalation beyond 5%, then with M&M, it happens within the first 24- 48 hours. 

mallindra 
LOGISTICS
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
July 21, 2026 
Page 14 of 20
So I mean, it keeps on going. There's no particular quarter or a particular month where we bunch 
it together. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Okay. So sir, let me put it this way. As volumes increase of M&M, you need more warehousing 
space, right, to house the components. 
Hemant Sikka: 
Yes. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
So in that sense, the revenue increases, but that is the volume-led growth. I was talking about 
any price-led growth that we typically negotiate with them. 
Hemant Sikka: 
So those happen at the end of the contract period. And there is no fixed particular contract. I 
mean, with M&M, we have multiple contracts. For example, for their, let's say, aftermarket spare 
parts, there are separate contracts. For their in-plant logistics, there is a separate contract. For 
their outbound, there is a separate contract for their part truckload that we handle through Rivigo, 
there is a separate contract. 
So there are like multiple contracts, and there is a cycle of contracts. Some contracts are done 
for a year, some contracts are done for 3 years, some for 5 years. So it depends. It's very difficult 
–and this is an ongoing activity. It keeps happening through the year. And for example, now we 
had INR 8.10 increase on fuel, which was impacting all the segments that we had with M&M. 
And we got a price adjustment done within the 48 hours. 
So there is no particular time. All I can tell you is that these are continuous discussions that any 
supplier or any partner has with the customer across the industry, and we continue to follow the 
same practices. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Understood. And sir, secondly, can you highlight what kind of customer overlap do we have in 
the 3PL and the B2B Express business? And have you exploited this customer overlap advantage 
to the fullest? And is that the reason why we are kind of doing really well in our B2B Express 
business? Or it has also got to do with multiple client wins that you have been talking about? 
Hemant Sikka: 
Great question, Jinesh. This is one of my objectives also that if we have a customer on the 3PL 
side, make sure that all verticals within MLL try and pitch to that customer. So lot of work has 
happened. But if you ask me, have we done fully? No. I think there is still a lot of work to be 
done in terms of cross pitching of various products to a 3PL customer. So a lot of improvement 
done, a lot of wins we have got, but I think there is still a lot of work to be done. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Understood. Sir, one last question on the number side. So if I look at our B2B Express business, 
while the gross margin has improved on a sequential basis from about, say, 4.8% in the previous 
quarter to about 6%. The extent of EBITDA loss reduction is just INR1 crores on a sequential 
basis. And given the fact that the business has a very high operating leverage, ideally, the benefit 
of GM improvement should flow through to EBITDA, right? 
I know the numbers are very small at this point in time. But is there anything specific that you 
would want to highlight, which has led to a slightly lower EBITDA loss reduction when you 
compare that with your sequential gross margin expansion? 

mallindra 
LOGISTICS
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
July 21, 2026 
Page 15 of 20
Hemant Sikka: 
So as I said in answer to my previous question that we had 3- 4 levers which were like a headwind 
for us. I had narrated 3 headwinds for the Contract Logistics business. Out of that, one headwind 
was also for the B2B Express, which is the manpower cost. Since there were a lot of concerns 
in Q1 on manpower availability across industries, across the country, we also faced the same 
issue in Contract Logistics as well as B2B Express. 
And in many of our hubs, we had to hire ad hoc manpower to make sure that our customers are 
not inconvenience in any way. And whenever you hire ad hoc manpower, that is at a higher cost 
to a long-term manpower that we have. That has since stabilised. So there was a headwind in 
quarter 1, which we hope that will not be there in quarter 2. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Okay, sir got it. Thank you so much, and all the best. 
Hemant Sikka: 
Also, Jinesh, the fuel price increase for Contract Logistics, which are large contracts, for 
example, M&M, I said happened in 48 hours, where at B2B Express, we have a huge tail of 
customers, hundreds of them. There, it takes a negotiation with each one of them. So it takes 
time to pass on the fuel cost increase in B2B. So that process is still on. 
Broadly, we have got the fuel escalation passed on for 80% of our customer even in B2B. But 
that also was a little headwind if you see at the blended gross margin level for B2B Express. So 
that also as we fully pass on, that goodness will come. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Right. So that means that the sequential expansion that we have seen on the gross margin side, 
despite the fuel price headwind, right, we have seen a 120-basis points expansion. Had that not 
been the case, the gross margins would have been even better. And adjusting for that one-off 
manpower cost, your EBITDA losses would have been even lower? 
Hemant Sikka: 
Yes. So broadly, that's why we are saying we are very confident that we should be able to achieve 
our target of EBITDA breakeven in this year. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Ankita Shah from Elara Capital. 
Ankita Shah: 
Congratulations on the good quarter. Sir, on Contract Logistics, again, the margins are coming 
again on this. How do you think? I mean, once these one-off costs are behind, up to what level 
do you see in the near term that these margins can be scaled up to from 6%-7% that we are 
reporting right now? 
Isha Dalal: 
Yes. Ankita, like I said, some of these are sort of onetime cost impacts. I wouldn't call them 
onetime, but I would say they are bunched up in one particular quarter, which is why they are 
sort of extremely visible and seemingly adverse in Q1 FY27. And some of these are sort of 
overall more macro headwinds that we will have to work through and counter with the help of 
our execution excellence and cost efficiencies across various parts of the business. 

mallindra 
LOGISTICS
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
July 21, 2026 
Page 16 of 20
We continue to expect that the gross margin across the business will expand. We have said that 
150 to 200 bps is kind of the expansion that we are looking at in the gross margin from a medium-
term perspective, and we will continue to maintain that view overall. 
Ankita Shah: 
This 150 to 200 is only for Contract Logistics segment, right? 
Isha Dalal: 
For the overall business, Ankita. 
Ankita Shah: 
For the overall business, you mentioned. Okay. And although warehousing space has come off 
on a Y-o-Y basis, why has the depreciation gone up? 
Isha Dalal: 
Sorry, can you repeat your question? 
Ankita Shah: 
Although the warehousing space has gone down on a Y-o-Y basis, why has the depreciation 
gone up? 
Isha Dalal: 
So warehousing space has not gone down on a Y-o-Y basis, Ankita. White space has gone down 
on a Y-o-Y basis. Overall, warehousing space has gone up. If you remember, a very similar sort 
of question had come up in the second quarter of last year when we had a lot of new warehouses 
sort of capitalised at one time, which causes an impact in depreciation as well due to the curve 
impact of Ind AS 116. 
So that continues. If you look at it sequentially, there has not been a substantial increase in 
depreciation at all. In fact, it is more or less sort of in line. If you look at the standalone financials, 
it is more or less in line and I think broadly in line at a consolidated level as well. So the year-
on-year increase is because of overall increase in space and sequentially. 
Ankita Shah: 
21 million square feet is the warehousing space... 
Isha Dalal: 
I'm sorry. 
Ankita Shah: 
Is the warehousing space 21 million square feet? 
Isha Dalal: 
Approximately, yes. 
Ankita Shah: 
Okay. Fine. And lastly, on Contract Logistics side, how much growth you would attribute -- you 
said both are contributing to your M&M growth as well and your new initiative to scale up e-
commerce, manufacturing, telecom vertical. So would you be able to quantify, I mean which 
segment has shown a higher growth? Is it M&M or the non-M&M other businesses like e-
commerce, telecom and all? 
Isha Dalal: 
No, Ankita, we will not be able to quantify that growth, but I will say both M&M and non-M&M 
businesses are very important growth levers for us going forward from a top line and profitability 
perspective. 
Ankita Shah: 
Okay, That from my side. Thank you and all the best 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Raman from Sequent Investments. 

mallindra 
LOGISTICS
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
July 21, 2026 
Page 17 of 20
Raman: 
Can you hear me? 
Hemant Sikka: 
Yes. We can hear you. 
Raman: 
Sir, I just have two questions. One is what percentage of your total business is from Mahindra? 
Hemant Sikka: 
Okay. We have close to 60% business from Mahindra. 
Raman: 
And do you plan to maintain this? Like is this the sustainable percentage where the management 
like sees for the long term, like around 60% of the entire business will be Mahindra for a longer 
future? Or are you planning to bring this down a little? 
Hemant Sikka: 
Actually, this is not even a target for me. 
Raman: 
Okay. 
Hemant Sikka: 
Basically, I want to win every possible business of Mahindra and I want to win every possible 
business that we can win from non-Mahindra customers. The ratio is an outcome of the work 
that we are doing. So in my working, honestly, I don't even monitor this number. I would like to 
win 100% business from Mahindra and 100% business from all other noncustomers. 
Raman: 
Understood, sir. And sir, my second question is with respect to the airport taxi business under 
your Mobility business. I think from the presentation, you launched the airport taxi business at 
Noida Airport. So I just want to understand what is the management's view on this particular 
area, line of business? Are we planning to launch this airport taxi services to other airports as 
well? And how are you planning to scale this business? Is there any plan? 
Hemant Sikka: 
So Raman, I would say that we are being very cautious in our scale up. As I said, one of our key 
objective is not to scale business for the sake of scale. We want to scale the business profitably. 
So our current strategy is to focus on airports where it is a profitable business for us. 
In fact, we are withdrawing from Mumbai Airport. if you would have noticed, if you were 
transiting through Mumbai Airport, we had a Alyte service available. As I speak to you, we are 
withdrawing from that airport. And we are doubling down on the Delhi Airport, and we have 
started with the Noida Airport. 
Now Noida Airport will scale up at their own pace, and we will scale up that business along with 
the Noida Airport. As they keep adding flights, we will keep adding fleet. But very happy to 
share with you that in Noida Airport, we are the preferred taxi partner of the Noida Airport. 
Similarly, in Delhi Airport, we have the best lane, if you come out of the gate number 2of Delhi 
Airport. You will see our counter as the most prominent counter. So there also, we have the 
preferred lane. So wherever we are able to secure these kind of rights, we will scale up. And 
wherever we don't have any preference on these rights, we will withdraw. And that is the reason 
for us to actually withdraw from Mumbai Airport. 
Raman: 
So, if my understanding is correct, were you making loss in Mumbai at Mumbai Airport from 
this business? 

mallindra 
LOGISTICS
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
July 21, 2026 
Page 18 of 20
Hemant Sikka: 
I can only tell you that, that was not meeting our internal threshold. 
Raman: 
Okay. Understood, And sir, with respect to, again, the Contract Logistics as well as the Express, 
which has grown like Contract Logistics has grown 26% and Express has gone 58%. I know you 
said you won't disclose the volume and yield figures. But can you just give a split between how 
much was the contribution from volume aspect and how much was the contribution from the 
yield aspect out of the entire 25% growth? 
Hemant Sikka: 
I'm sorry, we won't be able to share that number because if we share that number, then there can 
be a reverse calculation to look at a more granular our margin profile, which we don't want to 
share like that. So I can only tell you that we are winning new businesses. We are winning new 
businesses at a threshold yield, which is higher than our internal target. And we are very 
confident that we should be achieving EBITDA breakeven in this financial year. 
Raman: 
Okay Sir, Thank You. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Sonal Minhas from Prescient Capital. 
Sonal Minhas: 
This is Sonal Minhas from Prescient Capital. I have two questions. First is with regard to, the 
Express mobility business. I wanted to understand what is our value prop to horizontal 
aggregators or, let's say, D2C brands given the fact that there are two dominant number one, 
number two players that exists in the market? 
And the second question was that on the KPI side for the SCM business, what is the near-term 
1 year out, 2 year out target that the company has on return on capital employed? If you could 
share that, that would be great? 
Hemant Sikka: 
So on the second part, clearly, Sonal, we don't share, forward-looking guidance on ROCE and 
all. All I can tell you that our ROCE metric has been improving. And at the end of H1, when we 
share our balance sheet, we will also share that number with you at the end of quarter 2 half 
yearly, which is looking much healthier than what it was a year back. 
Coming to what is our pitch to our customers, our pitch is very strong. We run a very strong 
operating metrics. Our customer service levels are very respectable. We are very competitive in 
terms of our quotes to our customers. So pricing-wise, we are very competitive, very responsive 
to our customers. 
Each one of us is available to our customers 24/7 if something happens. And I think these 
operating metrics, very strong execution skills, very competitive on cost is our overall pitch. 
Plus, we are from Mahindra Group. So we bring the best of corporate governance to our business. 
And many of our customers value these things a lot. And that is why that we are winning so 
much business even on the B2B side. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Got it, sir. And there is an overlap between the Last Mile Delivery and the Express Mobility 
customers, sir, if I may understand that a little bit more... 

mallindra 
LOGISTICS
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
July 21, 2026 
Page 19 of 20
Hemant Sikka: 
Not so much, though I would agree that this is our internal target that we need to have synergies 
between our various verticals, and we are working very hard to it. But as I said in my earlier 
response, I think there's still a lot of work to be done by our leaders in this. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Sure sir. Thanks for taking my question. Thank You. 
Hemant Sikka: 
Thank you.
Moderator: 
The last question will be from the line of Shaurya Yadav from Growthsphere Ventures. 
Shaurya Yadav: 
Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, Shaurya, we can hear you. 
Shaurya Yadav: 
Sir, my first question is related to the Express business turnaround. If you can tell how we are 
improving the lane utilisation. I just want to understand how we are improving the density of 
our lane or density per volume order. What exact strategy we are implementing on that front? If 
you can explain it with some example, that would be great. 
Hemant Sikka: 
Difficult for me, Shaurya, to explain you that. These are very operational metrics., so let me tell 
you how I review the business. So I do review lane-wise profitability. I also review what is our 
forward lane and return lane utilization. 
And if any of our lanes, either on the forward or reverse are not utilised fully, obviously, that is 
a target for our teams to make sure that we win more businesses or optimize the loads in a way 
that either the vehicle is optimised because you can always change the vehicle for a smaller or a 
larger vehicle or we are able to then give some incremental loads from that a particular lane and 
do that. So there are multiple levers. I mean, there is no single answer to it. This is a core job. 
And we have people who are specialised in this area who do this data analysis 24/7, and we are 
looking at how do we optimise each lane forward, reverse, whether we can optimise the 
customers, whether we can optimise volumetric load to heavier load, whether we can optimise 
the vehicle size, single axle, multi-axle, this many square feet, that many square feet. So this is 
like a very strong operational rigour that we have in our business, and there is no one line answer 
that I can give you. 
I mean there is like multiple -- so many hundreds of factors being played at a game. And then at 
some point with a lot of use of technology, we are able to evolve the one fine balance, which 
will give us the best results. 
Shaurya Yadav: 
Got it, sir. No issue. Sir, second question is on the front of the 3PL industry. This is related to 
the B2C mode, like there is so much debate going on regarding the industry consolidation on the 
3PL side. Do you feel the consolidation which is going on in the 3PL logistics industry, it will 
stay or there will be a room for more 2, 3 players to enter? And do you feel the 3PL industry is 
getting the pricing power back post this consolidation and all? 
Hemant Sikka: 
I can tell you my view overall, and I will not go into details whether it is B2B or B2C, but 
broadly as a logistics, I'm very bullish on this industry. I believe that the logistics industry in 

mallindra 
LOGISTICS
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
July 21, 2026 
Page 20 of 20
India has been a very unorganized sector. Anybody with 2 trucks is a logistics company, and 
that is now how any country's GDP works. 
Since we are a very large GDP now as a country, and we have very strong aspiration to grow 
our GDP, logistics will play an outsized role in the growth of the country. And the unorganised 
sector, as we become more richer, as people have more disposable income and companies value 
sustainability and companies value their own time and their own effort and business goes to 
people who can deliver that business the best. That means to the experts. I think there will be a 
lot of consolidation in this industry, which will happen. And also the industry will become more 
organized. So I remain very bullish to it. And that's why we are kind of seeing the growth that 
you have seen in our quarter 1 results. 
Shaurya Yadav: 
Got it. Understood, sir, and all the best. 
Hemant Sikka: 
Thank you, Shaurya. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of the day. And I now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Hemant Sikka: 
Thank you so much all the participants for joining us today. We hope that we have been able to 
address all your questions and provided you insights into our performance and strategy. If you 
have any further queries or need any further information, we'll be very happy to reply to you. So 
please feel free to reach out to our team or our Investor Relations Advisors at SGA. Thank you 
all very much. Good evening to you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Mahindra Logistics Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
***********
