 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 17.08.2026 
 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051. 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001. 
Scrip Symbol: CEWATER 
Scrip Code: 544315 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015: Transcript of Conference Call held on 12th August, 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of Conference Call of 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited (“Company”) held on 12th August 2026.  
 
The same is being uploaded on the Company’s website and can be accessed at 
https://www.concordenviro.in/investors.php.   
 
The above is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
 
Prerak Goel 
Director 
DIN: 00348563 
 
Place: Mumbai 
 
Encl: As above 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
101, HDIL Towers, Anant Kanekar Marg, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051, India 
T     
F     
E     
W   
CIN  
+91 22 6704 9000 
+91 22 6704 9010 
cs@concordenviro.in 
www.concordenviro.in 
L45209MH1999PLC120599 
Prera
k Goel
Digitally signed by Prerak Goel 
DN: c=IN, st=Maharashtra, 
2.5.4.20=beb938ac9e4c1a077fab0d93
c25c50c49c8a02af69da02a94e9502a6
88c7fb0a, postalCode=400054, 
street=SO Kamlesh Kumar Goel f1001 
eben ezer tagore road opp vera moda 
showroom Mumbai, 
pseudonym=71eeaf46b1b74c28a5dc5
92bfa1a1027, title=6215, 
serialNumber=51ce672053a7bfa66d51
6eff302eda4e72eea43005f79c11f10d0
47e2c8c2f5f, o=Personal, cn=Prerak 
Goel 
Date: 2026.08.17 13:12:37 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 11 
 
  
“Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 12, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRAYAS GOEL – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – CONCORD ENVIRO 
SYSTEMS LIMITED 
MR. PRERAK GOEL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
CONCORD ENVIRO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KANAV KHANNA – ERNST & YOUNG (EY 
LLP) 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call of 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today's presentation. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * 
then 0 on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Kanav Khanna from EY. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Kanav Khanna: 
Thanks Manav, and good morning to all the participants on the call. And thank you for joining 
us on the Q1 FY27 earnings call. Please note that we have mailed out the results to everyone 
and you can also see it on the exchanges and our website. And in case you have not received it, 
you can write to us, we'll be happy to send it over. 
Before we proceed to the call, let me remind you that the discussion may contain some forward-
looking statement and may invoke some known or unknown risks, uncertainties and factors. It 
must be viewed in conjunction with our business model and could also cause future results or 
performance to vary significantly from what is being implied. 
To take the results for the quarter and full year and answer to all your queries, we have the 
management of Concord Enviro Systems Limited with us. Please welcome Mr. Prayas Goel, 
Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Prerak Goel, Executive Director; and Mr. Shleshank 
Laheri , Group CFO. 
We will start the call with a brief overview of the quarter gone past and we will follow it up with 
some question and answers. With that being said, I'll transfer the call to the management. Over 
to you, sir. 
Prerak Goel: 
Hi, good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the call. A very warm welcome to Concord 
Enviro's Q1 FY27 earnings call. Thank you for taking the time to join us today. The first quarter 
of FY27 was characterized by a combination of near-term operational challenges and 
encouraging strategic progress across several areas of our business. 
Our revenue performance during the quarter was impacted by supply chain disruptions due to 
the conflict in the Middle East for the better part of the quarter. However, we remain confident 
that these challenges are temporary and expect execution to normalize by the end of Q2 FY27. 
Despite the revenue impact during the quarter, our underlying business fundamentals remain 
robust. 
We are witnessing very healthy order inflows across core segments, reflecting our strength of 
our technology portfolio and the increasing demand for sustainable water and environmental 
solutions. We expect execution to accelerate and growth momentum to strengthen over the 
coming quarters. On the order inflow front, we continue to see encouraging momentum. 
Our order book has increased to INR699 crores primarily on the back of S&P order book, 
providing strong revenue visibility for the quarters to come. We are also witnessing a strong 
healthy traction for our new industrial order wins across domestic as well as international 
markets, supported by growing demand across industrial water treatment, ZLD, recycling, and 
process separation solutions, etc.. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 3 of 11 
 
One of the highlights of the quarter continues to be the strong market response to our H-Xtreme 
heat exchanger, which we had introduced last year. This product has been gaining meaningful 
traction since its launch. As mentioned in the previous quarter, the product offers significant fuel 
savings while delivering up to 90% efficiency through recovery of both sensible and latent heat. 
In addition, its lightweight design and field-repairable architecture offer substantial life cycle 
cost advantages to our customers. So therefore, we believe that this product will start to see a lot 
of traction in the coming two quarters, especially in our thermal solutions segment and emerging 
industries such as solar, green hydrogen, semiconductors, and carbon capture applications as 
well. 
On the key strategic developments during the quarter, we also introduced our partnership with 
WaHa. This is a California-based company specializing in atmospheric water generation and 
humidity control technologies. Through this arrangement, we have invested in WaHa for a small 
stake in the company and also secured exclusive rights for India and UAE along with global 
manufacturing partnership for atmospheric water generation systems. 
We believe this partnership opens exciting new growth avenue for Concord. It enables us to 
leverage our existing customer relationships across sectors such as pharmaceutical, food and 
beverages, batteries, solar, and semiconductors, while expanding our portfolio beyond water 
treatment into atmospheric water generation, industrial drying, and dehumidification solutions. 
Importantly, this is a highly scalable business model that combines exclusive access to high-
potential markets with participation in the global manufacturing opportunity, positioning us well 
to address the growing demand for sustainable water and energy efficient solutions. Alongside 
our technology-led initiatives, we continue to make progress in expanding our presence across 
new markets and industry verticals. 
During the quarter, we achieved an important milestone by securing our first ZLD order from 
Europe, marking our entry into a strategically significant market. While so far, our presence in 
Europe was limited to membrane systems, this is our first ZLD opportunity that we have been 
able to bag in the European market. 
So, we expect this to create additional opportunities for the company's products across the region 
over time. Also, talking about our Roserve Water as a Service platform, as you know, this has 
been performing very well. We've got some marquee projects which are being executed and it 
continues to gain traction with customers. 
As industries increasingly looking for asset-light and sustainable water management solutions, 
Roserve is emerging as a compelling offering that supports our broader objective of building 
recurring and annuity-style revenues. We remain optimistic about the long-term potential of this 
business and expect it to play an increasing important role in our overall revenue mix. 
Also taking this opportunity to mention that we have successfully delivered our first project with 
new REM membranes. So, these were the raw effluent membranes that we had spoken about 
last year. This is also in our partnership with NALA Membranes. We are working towards 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 4 of 11 
 
developing solutions for the textile and paper industry and this continues to be a large focus for 
us. As we announced it, it is a game changer in the effluent treatment industry. 
Also, as mentioned in the last quarter, we are pleased to share that the orders worth INR1,430 
million, including orders of INR1,260 million from India's largest steel manufacturers, have now 
been signed and are part of the order book. This again is one of the largest ZLD orders that 
would be installed in the Indian market. 
It further reinforces our growing presence within the steel sector and validates our ability to 
continue to deliver complex and technologically advanced solutions for this segment. Moving 
on to the financials for the quarter. For the quarter ended 30th June 26, revenue from operations 
stood at INR853 million compared to INR1,024 million in Q1 '26. 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at a negative INR149 million compared to a negative INR9 
million in Q1 FY26. Net loss for the quarter stood at INR176 million compared to a PAT of 
INR41 million in Q1 FY26. Also taking this moment to introduce our new Group CFO, Mr. 
Shleshank Laheri, who has rich experience in working for many Indian and global companies. 
We wish him all the best for this journey ahead. 
Looking ahead, we remain excited about the opportunities before us. Our strengthened order 
book, growing traction for H-Xtreme, the continued scaling of Roserve, expanding opportunities 
in the steel and solar sectors, and our successful entry into Europe collectively provide multiple 
levers for growth. 
With improving supply chain conditions and healthy pipeline of opportunities, we believe the 
company is well positioned to deliver sustainable growth while continuing to strengthen its 
technology leadership across environmental and water treatment solutions. We are confident that 
the strategic investments we are making in talent, technology, and execution will enable us 
deliver growth this year and sustainable long-term value. 
With that, we now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have a first 
question from the line of Disha from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Disha: 
Good morning. Sir, a couple of questions. Sir, firstly, we have seen the execution being impacted 
in the first quarter because of the disruptions. Will it be possible for you to quantify the amount 
of revenue that we lost? 
Management: 
So, if you look at our order book, we had about the S&P especially is the segment that is mainly 
impacted and some part of trading as well. So, if you look at our trading segment, I would say 
we lost about INR15 odd crores of revenues. And I think in the manufacturing, we had almost 
about INR42 crores to INR43 crores of orders that were totally down. So, about INR50 crores, 
INR55 crores was the overall impact for the quarter. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Disha: 
Okay. And so, we expect the situation to normalize post Q2, right? So even in Q2, we are not 
expecting, so will we be seeing degrowth or will it be a flattish sort of quarter? How should we 
look at that? 
Management: 
At the current moment given that we are in the August month, things are stabilizing as you know 
that we've seen the freight rates and spare parts coming down from back in July, but things have 
stabilized this quarter. So, supply chain is getting back to normal. We expect things to be better. 
So, it should end up in a growth phase, but I would still say that it's subject to some of the things 
playing out over the next six weeks. 
Disha: 
And so how should we look at the overall growth for the entire year with H2 performance 
significantly improving? 
Management: 
Yes. So, I mean, if you look at our order book, currently it stands at INR699 crores. Of this, a 
significant portion of this order book is deliverable in this financial year. Given that we've 
already completed 85 even if we take a 80%, 85% conversion of this order book, we should end 
up with a growth number. 
But again this does come with a qualification that there are still some challenges in execution, a 
bit of the industry. So, how much we're able to really do  in H2, would also depend on how stable 
things are during that period. But I think definitely from an order book number, we definitely 
have the ability to exceed and deliver the growth in this year. 
Disha: 
Right. Right. And my next question was this ZLD order that you received from Europe. Will it 
be possible for you to quantify what's been the size, how the margins there, and when do we 
start seeing revenues coming in? 
Management: 
So, the revenues will come this year, in fact, it's a quick delivery. We should be able to deliver 
in Q3. It's  roughly about a EUR600,000 order that we have got. It's a metal slag industry so we 
have it's value recovery. Basically, it's a project where we are recovering some waste and 
converting to value. And ya, I mean the margins should be good. As in Europe, we do, export 
margins are definitely better than our local margins here. So,  yes, it's a little bit too early to tell 
the exact numbers there. 
Disha: 
And so given up, we also have a healthy pipeline of around INR3,200 crores. What sort of 
conversion are you looking at for this year and what's the exit order book that we are targeting 
for this year? 
Management: 
So, see, we're looking at an order intake number of about INR1,000 crores overall for this 
financial year. I think we are close to about INR200 crores already done and we have some large 
orders in the pipeline which, both in the international and in the domestic market which we see 
converting over the next three to four months. So, our-- overall order intake should be close to 
INR1,000 crores this year. 
Disha: 
And just the last thing so on our margins. What sort of margins are you, for this year, I know 
there's going to be a lot of challenges, but for the next year and going ahead, what sort of margins 
are we looking at and for the next year, any sort of colour on the growth that we're targeting? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Management: 
Yes, see on the margin front, I think we've always tried to maintain a 14% to 16% EBITDA 
margin. We obviously have put in some investment into talent and, and execution for the larger 
projects that we are now pivoting towards. So that, that will have a temporary effect on margins. 
I see that number, once we cross a growth figure of about , INR850 crores the margin should 
stabilize around that period. 
Given that it probably will take us two financial years more to get there. So, we're looking at a 
15% to 20% growth possibilities over the next two years. And the opportunity as you're aware 
is, is huge in the Indian market itself. And we can see that the new regulations that the 
government is bringing out or even the new liquid waste management rules, etc. 
This is creating a lot of movement towards water recycling. So, we definitely see that as a big 
thing to move on to. So, we definitely see a lot of traction and growth should be in the 20%, 25% 
range with EBITDA margins between 12% to 16% between the next two years or three years. 
Disha: 
Okay. And just the last question, sir, if I can squeeze in, on your partnership with WaHa, if you 
could just elaborate a bit more on what sort of opportunity size are we seeing, what sort of 
revenues can we expect from this business going ahead? Just a bit more colour on that. 
Management: 
Yes. So WaHa is an interesting company. They have a product which  is used both for 
atmospheric water generation as well as dehumidification. Both opportunities are huge in India. 
With the data centres, they require a lot of dehumidification. If you look at the battery 
manufacturing, that requires dehumidification. So that's a segment that we're looking at very 
interestingly with WaHa. So, I don't have numbers at the current moment that I can share with 
you. But hopefully, by the next quarter, we will have done a lot more work on this and we can 
share some more numbers in details with you. 
Disha: 
Okay. That is it, sir, from my side. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nikhil Gupta from Vaayu Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Gupta: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Can you please quantify the percentage stake we have taken in 
WaHa and the money invested? 
Management: 
It's less than 2%. It's basically a stake. As I said, it's more licensing arrangement for their 
products and they are  exclusivity to the Indian and the UAE markets. So that's the essence. But 
yes, the stake is only less than 2%. 
Nikhil Gupta: 
And how much capital we infused for 2%? 
Management: 
We put in about USD575,000. 
Nikhil Gupta: 
Okay, thank you so much. That's it from my side. 
Management: 
Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Subrata Sarkar from Mount Infra Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Management: 
Hi, good morning. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Hi, good morning, sir., is it be possible for you to give some breakup of the order book in terms 
of industry? You have given the order book breakup in terms of services and product line, but I 
would love to have a breakup of the order book as well as the prospective pipeline in terms of 
industry. 
Management: 
Sure, sir. Can we connect offline with you and send you that information? 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Sure, . Sir, just at least one point if you could speak on it. 
Management: 
Yes, definitely. If you look at our major order book, I think the alcohol beverage sector, the steel 
sector are probably the largest orders that we have. Then pharmaceutical, chemical that continues 
to be strong for us. So, we've also had our first orders from solar, so they are also under 
execution. So, it's a mix. But I will send you more details offline, sir. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Great, sir. No issue. Sir, just one if you if you qualitatively can highlight one aspect, like we are 
traditionally strong in certain areas as well as we are trying to build up capabilities or like in 
certain other areas. So, if you can highlight like at least two industry where and  what are the 
initiatives we are taking to get incremental order from those two industries? One is like from the 
petrochemical industry as well as like steel industry, given that we have already secured another 
one order from the steel industry. If you can highlight these areas. 
Management: 
So, basically, I think, I mean, if you look at the steel sector, obviously the entire steel industry 
has realized that they don't have enough water for the production targets that they're setting 
themselves. So,  at least the steel sector is looking at ZLD in a big way. And this is across all the 
large steel players who are working towards this. 
So, I think markets like Odisha, etc are seeing a lot of traction because of this and where the core 
manufacturing locations are. So, I think steel is somewhere where we have a very good solution 
because if you look at the installations that we have done so far as compared to most of our 
competition, we have really been able to demonstrate how well it works. 
Even our waste pickle liquor treatment solution for the steel industry has been demonstrated now 
at one of India's largest steel manufacturers, where we will be converting that to an order in the 
next two months. So, it's a more holistic solution that we're doing for the steel industry. 
I'll also like to talk about solar because solar is another area where initially we kind of looked at 
the market and said, okay, we need to understand the effluent a little bit more. And today, after 
doing a lot of work in that market, we're really going out to the bigger players and really 
providing them solutions which are very innovative as compared to what they have installed 
currently, bringing them a lot of savings and energy efficiency in their process. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 8 of 11 
 
So at least with couple of the larger players now we have made inroads where we've got orders 
from them and we are converting a lot of what they have existingly installed and they are either 
facing issues or the cost of operation is very high, we're kind of helping them to make that a lot 
more efficient. So, I would talk about these two sectors where we are seeing a lot of traction. 
I think the traditional sectors like pharma, chemical, textile the projects that we've put out and 
the design solutions that we have done, that industry is pretty advanced, they know their 
wastewaters, they know how to treat them. So there, you could say our solutions are the same 
ones that we've been providing for years. But I think these are the key sectors where R&D and 
growth is really helping us build inroads into them. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Okay. Sir, one thought on the semiconductor industry or sector, given that semiconductor 
actually all these projects are very huge in terms of capex and size. Like, given our size, sir, 
please correct me, but still, given our size, it is very difficult to get a standalone basis for this 
kind of a order in India as well as maybe somewhere else also. So, any thought of tying up with 
some bigger larger player which gives more comfort to our client and then we can get into that 
sector, sir? Because that required ultimately ultra-pure water which is far superior. 
Management: 
Yes, no, obviously, sir, I mean that we do appreciate that. And in fact, the route that we've taken 
for the semiconductor industry is to work with one of our US partners who have a collaboration 
with Micron. So, we are actually working through them to get our projects, products registered 
with Micron. Initially, we are targeting the membrane replacement market and then we will 
move into the project segment. So that's the approach we are taking towards the semiconductor 
industry. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Perfect. Sir, last question from my side, like we have ventured into some related sectors along 
with this water treatment basically, like the way you told heat exchanger and all those things. 
So, can you give me a broad level of your strategy like why Why we want to get into this biomass 
sector because water itself is a very large sector. So, what is the synergy, what is the thought 
process to getting into those sectors? If you can highlight a little bit more. 
Management: 
Yes, sir, so I think we're looking at the nexus between water, energy, and because any of our 
customers who looks at anything whether it looks at a ZLD or considers even a recycling 
solution, they're worried about two things. They're worried about the energy impact and they're 
worried about the water impact, right? 
And all of this goes to the whole carbon footprint thing that industries are today looking at. So, 
a lot of, at least on a global level, a lot of our European clients are for them carbon footprint is 
the most important thing. Now, any kind of evaluation in any kind of process takes us to what is 
the water treatment that we are doing, what is the cost of that water treatment, what is the energy 
cost of that water treatment, what is the carbon footprint. 
So as a result of that, we're realizing that all of this is connected when it comes to solutions that 
we offer our clients. And now the heat exchanger has actually come out of our evaporation 
division. So, when we were building and doing R&D on our evaporators, we actually wanted a 
product which is non-corrosive to handle heat exchangers in the evaporators. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 9 of 11 
 
So, every evaporator that has would have an heat exchanger because you're exchanging the 
condense, whatever water condenses comes with heat. So, you're exchanging the heat between 
the condensate and the incoming feed. Now, we wanted a product which is non-corrosive and 
that's how we ended up building what we call IHX today. 
So, a lot of this development is really coming out of um solutions which we are using for the 
water treatment industry. But obviously, when we evaluate that product on a standalone basis, 
we realize that it has a great potential for the industry because it solves a lot of inherent problems 
the industry faces. 
So as simple as a steel heat exchanger they make it in SS, they make it in duplex. These heat 
exchangers keep corroding and then every year when you have to take a shutdown to replace it 
or to clean it up, it's a cumbersome process. So, we're giving you something in FRP and non-
metallic completely so that the corrosion levels are almost close to zero and you can really open 
it up and clean it and put it back in a very short time. So, the heat exchangers kind of born out 
of that demand that the industry has today, right? 
So, these are all I would say what we are working towards, our R&D is working towards is the 
water industry. But obviously, because everything is related, we do come up with products and 
solutions where we see that these have great cross implementation within the industry alone. So, 
it's the same industry, it's the same clientele and we are able to now solve two problems for them. 
So that's the approach that we are taking. Currently, even our process applications, as we 
mentioned last year, we've done a process separation application for a pharma industry today 
using our membranes. So obviously the applications are getting wider and we want to see how 
we can capture the market there. 
But the focus for the company remains that we want to be able to tag our existing clients, we 
want to remain within our existing clients' focus. We want to look at what products they require, 
both from a water and energy perspective, and we want to solve those solutions for them. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Okay. And sir, just one thought process of your basically, how serious Indian government in 
terms of in terms of carbon capture as a whole? And what are the initiatives they are taking? Can 
this really become a big thing within next five years? 
Management: 
Sir, I think carbon will become larger than water, because every industry is impacted by carbon, 
right? It's not water as you could still say are fewer industries who are manufacturing etc. But 
some carbon is something that impacts everybody. So, I mean see, the initial steps that the 
industry has taken, the government has taken towards carbon capture are encouraging. 
They have mandated it for a few industries which obviously have a high carbon footprint. The 
implementation obviously is being worked out. I think the mechanisms are still being put into 
place. So, we still see this to be taking some more time, I think in the next 3 to 5 years you will 
see this to be a very large segment that people are working on. 
And there are two routes to it: one is the chemical route and one is the biological route.  Here 
we are sticking with the biological route because we believe that's going to be the more longer-

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 10 of 11 
 
term solution instead of chemicals. So, but yes, I mean, I think I see a three-to-five-year horizon 
for this industry to become as big, but potentially it's larger than water. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Okay. But Indian government is serious on this means, as per your understanding? 
Management: 
Yes, sir, so I think the mandate that they have given, the steel, the fertilizer, cement, I think a 
couple more industries which I'm forgetting right now, but if you look at the mandate that they've 
given them, they have to start doing carbon capture almost immediately. So, implementation, 
giving them time to implement the right technology, all of that will take some time. 
But that's what I'm saying, so I think that learning curve will take about three to five years. And 
we've seen it in the water sector, 2004 is when India really started off implementing compliance 
for water treatment and ZLD, and you can see it's taken the country 20-25 years to really reach 
that point. But carbon will be faster because just the impact of carbon is huge. 
I mean, we are living in the cities, we all know the air that we breathe. So that will definitely be 
fast-tracked as compared to what we've seen in the water segment. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Nikhil Tiwari from Time Wheel 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Tiwari: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, one question, who would be our competitors, like 
one-to-one competitors in the ZLD segment in India? 
Management: 
Sir, I think, I mean, if you look at the top five or top six players, I would say Ion Exchange, 
Thermax, Arvind Envisol, I think there are a couple of other players, Praj Engineering would be 
there, and a couple of smaller players like Permionics and Hyper Filtration, etc, these would be 
the five or six key players that are there. 
I think if you look at the more organized larger corporates, we would generally see Ion Exchange 
and Thermax there. If you see the smaller segments, yes, textile, etc., you would see other 
companies. But yes, I mean, today there are a lot of players, sir, and they're all specializing in 
either certain industries or certain regions. I think Thermax, Ion Exchange, Arvind Envisol 
would pretty much be pan-India who would be operating today. 
Nikhil Tiwari: 
Okay. So as per the market share, I think we would be in the top three? 
Management: 
Sir, I think we had done an industry survey about a couple of years back. We were just below 
Ion Exchange in the whole ZLD segment. 
Nikhil Tiwari: 
Okay, got it. So, my second question is around so would our products be also used in the data 
centres? And do you see a scalable opportunity over there returning to the market in the next 
two, three years? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Management: 
Yes, sir. Data centres, the demand for water and both the recycling of water, both of these areas 
is where we can provide solutions to data centres. Our sales teams are in talk with most of the 
larger players and obviously their plans are something we are working towards and 
understanding how we can work with them to come up with the right solutions. In fact, the whole 
dehumidification product entry that we've done with WaHa, that will also solve for the for the 
data centres in terms of their cooling needs as well. So, we are looking at data centres with a 
significant product both on the cooling and the water side. 
Nikhil Tiwari: 
Okay, done. Thank you so much. 
Management: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Prerak Goel for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Management: 
Thank you everyone for joining the call and we look forward to speaking again in the next 
quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Concord Enviro Systems Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
