 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered Office : 2nd Floor, ABR Emerald, Plot No. D-8, Street No. 16, MIDC, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400 093 
CIN : L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
August 06, 2026 
 
BSE Limited
Corporate Relations Department 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543248 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Listing Department  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
SYMBOL: RBA 
 
Sub.: Investors and Analyst Call Transcript
Ref.: Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to the SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call with 
the Investors and Analysts with respect to Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results 
of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, held on Monday, August 03, 2026 at 5:30 p.m. 
(IST). 
 
The same is being made available on the website of the Company viz. www.burgerking.in. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
 
Shweta Mayekar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
(Membership No.: A23786) 
 
Encl.: As above 
SHWETA 
SUNIL 
MAYEKAR
Digitally signed by 
SHWETA SUNIL MAYEKAR 
Date: 2026.08.06 12:47:32 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 03, 2026 
 
 
 
      
 
 
    
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJEEV VARMAN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND 
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 
 
MR. SUMIT ZAVERI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER AND CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER  
 
 
MR. KAPIL GROVER – GROUP CHIEF MARKETING 
OFFICER 
 
 
MR. SANDEEP DEY – BRAND PRESIDENT, INDONESIA 
 
 
MR. GAURAV AJJAN – HEAD OF CORPORATE 
DEVELOPMENT AND INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
 
 
  
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Restaurant Brands Asia Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. This conference call 
may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on beliefs, 
opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not 
guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand over the conference to management. Thank you, and over to you. 
Gaurav Ajjan: 
Thanks, Pari. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the Conference Call to discuss results for 
Q1 FY27. I am Gaurav Ajjan, the Head of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. 
As always, joining us today are Mr. Rajeev Varman, Whole-Time Director and Group CEO; 
Mr. Sumit Zaveri, Group CFO and Chief Business Officer; Mr. Kapil Grover, Group Chief 
Marketing Officer; and Mr. Sandeep Dey, Brand President, Indonesia. 
We will start the call with a presentation and after which we'll open up the floor for questions 
and answers. With that, I'll hand over to Raj for his opening comments and a business update. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Thank you, Gaurav. Thank you, first of all, for your interest and joining your time this 
evening. I know it's 5:30 PM. It's probably time for you to get home. So thank you for joining 
the call. I will give you a very quick India overview as well as Indonesia overview. And then 
I'll hand it over to Sumit Zaveri, who will go through the numbers with you guys. 
Now we have 2 businesses, of course, in 2 different countries. And then we also have 2 brands 
that we operate. So I'll just give you a little perspective. Burger King India, we have 590 
restaurants as of June 30. Burger King Indonesia, we have 137 restaurants there and Popeyes 
Indonesia, we have 25 stores. 
Now if you look at the revenue perspective, we have 83% of our business is really Burger 
King India from a revenue standpoint. 15% of our business is Burger King Indonesia and then 
2% of our business is Popeyes Indonesia. So that's the makeup of the revenue of our business. 
Now quickly on the India Q1 highlights. Now Q1 has been a very, very, very exciting year, 
exciting quarter for us and some very good results that we are proud of that we thank our entire 
team that has worked very hard to kind of deliver those results. So the top line for us is, again, 
590 stores, which is 71 year-over-year growth, plus 9 stores quarter-over-quarter growth, 
which gets us to 590. 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Same-store sales growth was 12.6%. This is the highest we have done in the last 15 quarters. 
In fact, highest that I can remember as far as we go back several years. So congratulations to 
the operations and marketing team for delivering such a high SSSG number. 
Our ADS, average daily sales for this quarter was INR1,31,000 as well. Revenues, INR682 
crores, which was 23.6% higher year-over-year same quarter. Gross margin, 70.8%, which is 
3.1% over year-over-year and 0.6% quarter-over-quarter. So a very good improvement in gross 
margin as well. Restaurant level EBITDA, we delivered INR90 crores, which is 68.1% over 
year-over-year. 
Our company EBITDA in India was INR52.7 crores, and that is 133.6% year-over-year. So 
literally, I'm looking at a green page, SSSG 12.5%, 12.6%, looking at revenues up 23.6% gross 
margin, 70.8%, restaurant level EBITDA, INR90 crores; and company EBITDA INR52.7 
crores. So thanks to the entire team for an exciting quarter. 
Now strategy-wise, we haven't changed anything. We will stay steadfast on the strategy that 
we spoke about in the last several quarters. I'll reiterate, we continue to be a QSR that leads in 
value leadership here in India. No different. 
We continued our pursuit in being that value leader with the 2-for-X strategy, as you've seen us 
grow from stunner and tasty meals at 99, 2-for-X. So whatever the strategy is, it will all be 
consistent with our value leadership in the country. So we continued that. 
On menu strengthening, we spent a lot of time because we had built a lot of traffic over the last 
several years. We call this value strategy induction or introduction of new customers into our 
business. And then we started about last year to start strengthening our core menu as well as 
our premium side to be effective in terms of our product mix, which saw us this 12.6% kind of 
a growth number. 
So we launched BK Cafe, as you know, in 2022, we continue to build those. Now 
approximately, actually, most of our restaurants, all if not all of them have a cafe. So Burger 
King Cafe continues to grow, and we have long-term strategy to make this a prominent part of 
our menu structure. This year and this last quarter, we also launched some co-branded desserts 
and shakes, which have started to grow and part of the 12.6% that you see over there.  
The burger portfolio, we launched, as you know, premium range Korean and now 
subsequently, we have launched Peri-Peri, as you saw in July. Both those promotions have 
been really, really good for the company and has drawn a lot of traffic through those 
promotions. 
One of the other pillars that we have been working on is digital. And as you already know that 
SOKs, self-ordering kiosks, BK app, 90% of our orders are digital. And this is not only a good 
foundation for good management within the restaurant, but also you will see that we that in the 
future, this database that we are collecting through our digital means will become a foundation 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
for the CRM program that we will be launching very soon. So that digital efforts continue 
here, and I'll speak in a minute about what that means in Indonesia as well. 
Profitability-wise, same focus, laser focus. First of all, our capex spending is very disciplined. 
When we open restaurants, there's a disciplined process of outlaying that capex. So we open 
good sites and good restaurants so that we continue to grow profitably. So the profitability 
focus was threefold, right? First of all, we continue to focus on menu, product mix and gross 
margin. 
So gross margin is just not simply a result of increasing price. It's also about a proper shift in 
product mix and making sure that the product mix that we delivered continues to grow our 
gross margin. We continue to work with vendors, continue to bring in new vendors. That 
strategy continues, and we continue to do that through our supply chain initiative. 
As you know, that we continue to do a cluster approach every time we build a market. So that 
supply chain efforts continue in this quarter as well. And you've seen an improvement on our 
gross margin as well quarter-over-quarter. 
Initiative that Sumit Zaveri will speak next, started a few quarters ago was on the utilities 
front. And he worked very diligently with our teams here and we were able to and we continue 
to drive efficiencies through utilities, whether it is the installing of new equipment, we 
installed a new broiler that consumes half the energy of the old broiler.  
But we also started the solar farm initiative, which several of our restaurants now are covered 
under that, and we continue to grow that as well. So we continue with that profitability focus. 
It's not about just building the top line, but it's a continuous effort to bring efficiency within the 
top line and the bottom line, which the team continues to deliver on. 
Quick word on Indonesia. So the Indonesia, 137 Burger King restaurants delivered an ADS of 
INR102 -- and I'm putting these in INR so that people here can understand. So INR1,02,000 of 
ADS. Revenues of total INR124 crores and restaurant level EBITDA was INR6.4 crores. So 
these Burger King restaurants, they're profitable at the restaurant level, and they delivered a 
positive EBITDA. 
And we are testing a lot of things, and I'll talk to you in a minute on where we are going with 
the Burger King business. The Popeyes business was exactly where it was when I spoke to you 
last time. The 25 restaurants still continue to operate there with an ADS of INR69,000. 
Revenues over there were INR15.7 crores, and we actually had a loss of INR3 crores over 
there. 
Combined losses in EBITDA, restaurant level EBITDA in Indonesia was INR3.3 crores, 
significant reductions that you've seen, all because of all our strategy that I'll discuss with you. 
Now the value focus, now we had a 25,000 King Deal program that we were running in 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Indonesia for the longest time, which was driving some traffic, but didn't get us the kind of 
leverage we required in terms of volume. 
So we are now testing and probably by the end of September, should be in good shape to 
launch a new value strategy over there. And I think that's very important for the Burger King 
business over there, and I'm talking about the Burger King business now. That strategy, once 
we put that in place, it was one of the missing links that we needed to put in Indonesia. 
Now when you look at the menu strategy, it's, we kind of went backwards in Indonesia 
compared to India, where we built a very strong premium and core menu ahead of the value 
strategy. And that menu is doing very well. I think we had a few limited time options that we 
put out, and they were all doing well in Indonesia. 
We also had spent a lot of time in the last 3 years building a very strong chicken line. When I 
say chicken, it's bone-in chicken line, which has climbed from what it used to be 30% of sales 
to about 50% of sales in the Burger King business. We continue to stay true to that. 
We continue to provide different options on that by dunking the BIC, and it becomes a good 
limited time offering to the businesses. But what we started to do, and I'm saying just 2 
quarters ago and more prominently last quarter is to focus on our burger line. The reason we're 
doing that is our study that we did with the consumers in Indonesia gave us a clear lead on 
Burger King as a burger brand. 
So burgers, when you ask consumers over there, their first choice is Burger King. So we 
started to promote and our value strategy will include our efforts in bringing burgers into the 
value platform and driving that business. We also installed self-ordering kiosks for the first 
time in Indonesia. which has actually pushed our APC, average per check up by about 4%, 5%.  
And it is just, we just installed them, so we should see some progress on that as well as we 
move forward to unlock all the stuff that we have done here in India, but also to set the 
benchmark for CRM in the future. Our profitability focus in Indonesia continues in the same 
lines. 
Corporate overheads, as you know, we continue to reduce them, and we bought them down by 
25%. So we have done a very good job. I think we have kind of reached a point where we have 
optimized that. We continued to optimize our portfolio there. We closed some restaurants that 
were nonprofitable. So in all, in the last couple of years, we have reduced that portfolio by 42 
to the 137 that we have. 
And then delivery profitability is something that we started a few quarters ago. And now we 
are doing almost the same sales we were doing before, but significantly more profitable in our 
Indonesia Burger King business. So we continue to stay focused on that, corporate overheads, 
portfolio optimization, delivery profitability. And now what we are doing is carrying these 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
learnings from India when it comes to the equipment utility bills and the portfolio of -- that can 
go on to solar farms where we can reduce our utility bills. 
So all those will be transferred by our team from here to Indonesia. And I think that will give 
us a very strong P&L at the current ADSs not that we are looking at bringing in more EBITDA 
at higher ADSs, which we are working through the value strategy. But at current ADS, we 
want to bring some efficiencies into the P&L as well. So this is basically the top line strategy. 
And now Sumit will carry you through the numbers in detail. 
So over to you, Sumit. 
Sumit Zaveri: 
Thank you, Raj. So Raj has already covered the individual quarterly performance for India and 
Indonesia. So I'll start with Slide 17, and then we'll go into the details how the quarter-on-
quarter performances have moved. As we can see on Slide 17, on a consolidated basis, our 
store count between India and Indonesia stands at 752, up by 69 restaurants. The entire growth 
is led by India growth. 
Continuing with our overall revenue trajectory growth. On a consolidated basis, as we've seen 
in standalone as well, our overall revenue grew by 18% to INR823 crores for the quarter ended 
FY27 as compared to INR698 crores that we had last year. 
Similarly, restaurant EBITDA showed a robust growth of 73.5%, a total of INR93.3 crores. 
And this had a INR3.3 crores of Indonesia as well. If you do compare to last year, you would 
realize that we were at a breakeven level in terms of restaurant EBITDA. 
From there, we have moved to 3.3%. And we will go into brand-wise as well in terms of which 
brand has performed well for us in Indonesia as compared, in addition to India also performing 
very, very strongly.  
As far as company EBITDA is concerned, we moved from INR12 crores last year to INR43.5 
crores or INR44 crores. So it's almost over 3x growth in terms of company EBITDA that we've 
seen as compared to last year. So we are not only on a stand-alone basis, but even on a 
consolidated basis, we've had a very strong performance. 
Now going on to Slide 18, and we will go into the nuances of the India performance and then 
Indonesia performance. We've already seen a constant focus on adding restaurants in India and 
to grow the brand in India. We ended the quarter at 590 restaurants.  
As we've always been stating that we would continue to grow at a pace of around 80 
restaurants on an annual basis, and that still continues to be our goal going forward as well. As 
far as ADS is concerned, you could very clearly see that there is a step change led by very 
strong SSSG growth that we've seen in quarter 1. 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
We, at the portfolio level, we stand at an ADS of INR1,31,000 with SSSG growth of 12.6%. 
As far as revenue is concerned, INR683 crores, 24% growth over last year. And delivery mix 
continues to be in a very similar tight range at 44%. So it is 2% higher than what we had seen 
in quarter 1 last year, which is more a comparable quarter from a seasonality perspective. 
Gross profit margin, you've always seen us improving on a quarter-on-quarter basis. That trend 
continues, and we ended the quarter at 70.8%. We believe that this is a trajectory at which we 
should continue to grow our gross profit margin going forward as well with restaurant 
EBITDA standing at 13.2% at INR90 crores, which if we look at it from a seasonality 
perspective, it is up from 9.7% in quarter 1 last year to 13.2% in current quarter. 
And then translation of the restaurant EBITDA improvement is also reflected in company 
EBITDA numbers moving from 4.1% or INR22.5 crores, INR23 crores to INR53 crores for 
the quarter at 7.7%. 
If we quickly look at the Indonesia summary, and I'm looking at Slide 20 there. As far as 
Indonesia is concerned, ADS-wise, we've remained fairly flat, but all the efforts that we've 
taken to improve the overall restaurant EBITDA on the Burger King side by building 
efficiencies into the P&L, what Raj spoke about, including delivery profitability or looking at 
cost initiatives. 
We have been able to move the needle to a store EBITDA of 5.2% as far as Burger King is 
concerned. Popeyes is something which continues to remain at a stable ADS of around 
INR69,000 to INR70,000 in terms of Indian rupees. And that is an area which we continue to 
work towards. 
But what is important is that at a consolidated level between the 2 brands, we have been able to 
move the needle to a positive EBITDA for quarter 1 at INR3.2 crores or INR3.3 crores for the 
quarter. So there is a positive directional change that we are seeing in Indonesia as well. 
As we saw in India, obviously, India shift is substantial at the back of 12.6% SSSG that we've 
seen. If we look at, and I would kind of take a moment to take you to Slide 23, which talks 
about India performance on a post-Ind AS basis as well. You could see that on a post-Ind AS 
basis as well on India, we've made a substantial shift. 
We are, we reported a marginal profit after tax loss of INR3.2 crores, but there is an exchange 
loss that really caused the profit after tax to be negative of INR12 crores, which is pertaining to 
the investments that we have in Indonesia.  
Otherwise, subject to that, our directionally, we've also started to move towards making the 
company not only generate good cash, but at the same time, also to directionally move towards 
positive after-tax numbers as well as we kind of see as far as standalone performance is 
concerned. 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Similarly, on consolidated performance, which is Slide 25, the profit after tax on a 
consolidated basis, we had a loss of INR45 crores, which is also reduced by 27% to INR33 
crores. So we kind of believe that there is an all-in improvement in India as well as 
directionally, we started to move on the positive side on Indonesia. We feel that as on the 
journey side, we are moving directionally, we are moving in the right direction, and we will 
kind of take this forward. 
So with that, we would open it up for Q&A. Happy to take the answer, happy to take the 
questions that you all would have. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Operator, we can proceed with the questions, if they're lined up. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Aditya from CLSA. 
Aditya Soman: 
So 2 questions. Firstly, we've seen a significant escalation in SSG. Could you maybe break that 
down into sort of pricing mix and volume, how that would -- how that was in the quarter and 
how you expect that to play out for the rest of the year? 
And then secondly, when we look at the sort of restaurant EBITDA in the context of the very 
strong SSSG, we find that maybe the improvement isn't as strong. Would that entail that there 
has been a higher marketing spend? Or is that something else? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Thank you for your question. Look, our total sales, whether it's delivery sales or dine-in sales 
is driven at the back of traffic increase. We didn't take any -- and you could probably reflect on 
our restaurant pricing as well. We haven't taken any significant pricing to have reached that 
12.6%. It's driven by traffic that we have generated. 
And we believe that, that's what we have been doing for the last 3 years. We continue to stay in 
line with doing that. So as long as we continue building traffic, you will continue to see that 
SSSG number persistently going forward. And we have had a very good start to Q2 as well. So 
I can say that some of the things we have put in place is driving more people into our 
restaurants. 
The second question, which was on marketing, yes, we -- you always see in Q1 that we have a 
higher marketing expense. This time, it was 6.9% -- 6.6%, sorry. And usually, this kind of gets 
amortized over the year. Usually, we have a lot of spends initially, which we kind of tie up for 
the year. So that's higher. If you bring that down to 5%, 5.5%, 5%, then yes, the growth -- the 
EBITDA at the restaurant level will go up by that much amount. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit from Investec. 
Mohit: 
So like I have a question on like given the 12.6% SSSG achieved this quarter, so what percent 
of revenue was allocated towards like advertising and promotional activities in India? And do 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
you expect like ad intensity to remain at current levels and considering the season, which is 
like typically strong for Burger King coming, it increase? 
And another question is on future synergies and acquisition. So, are there transition plans to 
integrate many options, or is there any plan? Because we have not heard post-Lenexis 
acquisition, any synergies or what is going to happen. So what do you think about things like 
Burger King, is like the sole focus is on increasing efficiency, sourcing and everything? 
So -- and also, we have fresh capital infusion coming in. So based on that, any strategic 
alignment with Inspira Global and Lenexis ecosystem? Or are there any concrete procurement 
co-located stores or anything happening in such direction? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. So first of all, on the question that you had, the first question, which is on the trend -- 
customer trend and the SSSG. I think I answered that earlier, but I'll reemphasize that we have 
actually developed more and more customer base through our value strategy and now with our 
premium strategy, which has become very popular with our Kimchi Korean promotion. 
And then recently now you have seen what we have put out with the Peri-Peri promotion. Both 
of those were a big success for our company. Now as we move forward, synergies you spoke 
about, look, both the businesses and you're talking about Inspira business are operated 
independently. And they will continue to operate independently. 
We do have a lot of learnings from the promoters because, as you know, Aayush Agrawal has 
actually set up the entire Inspira Food business, which is Chinese Wok from scratch. So while 
we are here running a brand, a global brand and building a business, he's actually got a lot of 
experience in building a brand, not just building businesses. So I think those synergies from 
there will definitely be transferable to our RBA business. 
Most people ask where are they going to benefit from that? This is what RBA is going to 
benefit from. So I think that's -- we are excited about it. And a lot of good things, feedback in 
the last few days, we have had a lot of meetings with them, and a lot of questions on 
efficiencies and so forth, which have been very, very useful for us to understand. We'll 
continue to have that kind of discussions and whatever we can transfer into our business here 
in RBI, we will continue to kind of move forward and do that. 
Mohit: 
Okay. Okay. So there is no plans for any co-located store expansion strategy as of now? Like 
is it continues to operate as independent? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes, they're 2 very different businesses. They operate very independently. They have their own 
teams and their own CEO who operates that business, and we operate our own. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Congratulations for extremely strong set of numbers. Sir, my first question is, I think if we 
look at last 4 quarters, every quarter progressively, we have increased the SSSG. And 
generally, what I understood is that QSR is a momentum business. Once the momentum picks 
up, it continues to carry on as you have enrolled more customers, they come to stores, spend 
more. 
So given this, how do you look at next 4, 5, 6 quarters? Should we be able to kind of grow at 
double-digit SSSG on a longer-term basis? Because earlier, we were guiding for 5% to 7% 
SSSG and we have far exceeded that number this quarter. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Very good question. Look, I think you spoke about the last 4 quarters, but I would say even the 
last maybe 6 to 8 quarters, you generally got on calls and listen to very muted sales in the 
industry, right? 
You've seen some negative sales and you've seen very muted sales for a very long time. And 
this quarter, you've heard nothing but positive from the industry. So it should tell you where 
the industry at large, the food business in the country is going. So we are very blessed and 
everyone is benefiting from it and so are we, right? 
Now if you have this kind of environment and you have the right promotions in place and the 
right strategies in place, which we have had for a long time, then they benefit in ample amount 
when things turn positive and the wind is behind you back instead of in your face. So I think 
those are the things. We don't make forward-looking statements, but I'll submit to you that we 
have started this quarter very well, Q2, and we feel very good about the market. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it. Sir, second question is a lot of capital will get infused into the company. And as a 
shareholder, that is something we want to understand how this capital will get utilized because 
our profitability is increasing, cash flows will make sure that even 70, 80 stores eventually will 
be self-sustained, maybe not now, maybe 4, 6 quarters later. 
So what is the plan on the capital that we will have in the company? How do we deal with it? 
Will we again not get into that more of acquisition and then investment again and then waiting 
for next 2, 3 years? So how do you want to kind of your thoughts on that? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. We are in the process. You can appreciate that this is the first call with the new 
promoters, and we just closed the deal just a few weeks ago. So you would appreciate that we 
would like to have some time to put together a strategy moving forward for the next 3 to 5 
years. 
We are working with them on a strategy to move forward, how we are going to do capital 
allocation, what is going to be the growth rate, what is going to be the different efficiencies we 
can bring in, what is the back-of-the-house integration. So a lot of conversations happening. 
Once we have a steady plan put together that we are all fully energized and behind, then we 
will be in a position to share those plans. 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it. And last question, sir, and I'll come back in the queue. Sir, on the Indonesia side, I think 
earlier, we were working on twofold streams. One is, of course, making the business go to the 
profitable part, but the alternative stream was again to kind of sell off the business or hive off. 
So are we still on the same line? 
And I think last call, you indicated that at least on the Popeyes side, you are working on a very 
urgent basis to do something about it. So any updates on that? Any change in thought process, 
if you can update on that, sir? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. No, thank you for your question. Very aligned on what we spoke last time. Look, the 
Burger King business is improving there very well, right? You get a feel of it, even though you 
don't see it in the numbers immediately, you get a feel from the market whether what you're 
doing is right. 
So we have that focus over there in terms of our value platform that we are launching. But we 
already see that the restaurants have started to generate a positive amount of EBITDA. And we 
see that there is a lot of inefficiencies that we have bought in India, the efficiencies that we 
have bought here that we can transfer to Indonesia very quickly. 
So we are now working on those. We feel the Burger King business is stronger than it was a 
few quarters ago. And I think we want to continue to put a focus on that and make sure that we 
strengthen all those things that we have done in India, we kind of parallel those off into 
Indonesia. 
The value strategy being a big one, the utilities and the middle of the P&L refinement, that's 
another one. The delivery strategy where we have an opportunity, we have already done some 
progress by making it more profitable. I think there is still some work over there. So we'll 
complete all those things and stay focused on that. 
Popeyes, like I told you, we are now in very deep conversations with the new promoters. It is a 
tough business, and it is something that we will not exclude any strategic decisions on that, and 
we will inform you as we kind of arrive at a path that is visible to us. 
But either way, if you appreciate it, whatever we do with both those businesses, bringing 
efficiency into both those businesses, making sure those businesses are moving towards 
profitability is important in the near-term anyway. So we haven't left our eyeball from that, and 
we continue to look at some strategic options on Popeyes as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Just continuing on the discussion, right? So firstly, congratulations for a very strong 
performance in Q1. The -- you sort of answered to this from an acquisition perspective, right? I 
mean you are currently phasing on the strategy. I also wanted to sort of get some clarity 
because promoters may have taken some debt to consummate the stake acquisition, right? 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
So do we have as a company, any plans to share dividend going ahead to sort of maybe service 
that debt taken by the promoters. So if you could also sort of maybe provide clarity down the 
lane on that front, it would be helpful. 
Secondly, I wanted to check that your delivery channel performance has been pretty different 
from that reported by peers this quarter, right? So your mix has actually increased. Checking if 
you are also benefiting from relatively lower competitive intensity on that channel, if you 
could throw some light there. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. So look, just let me answer the second question first, and then I'll turn it over to Sumit on 
the PAT and the dividends. Look, we -- our strategy on delivery has been very consistent, 
right? We continue to focus on driving traffic, right, and profitable traffic, not just traffic, but 
profitable traffic. We started doing that a while ago. 
We have been reporting positive delivery sales flow-through for a while now. And we haven't 
stopped improving on it. We continue to improve on it. So when we do delivery sales, we 
actually do that more profitably than we have done it in the past. So that journey continues in 
those lines, and we are not shaking away from it. 
You saw a kind of shift in some of those delivery numbers because there were certain markets 
we had some good delivery businesses because of certain events in those areas, whatever that 
those may be. But we will take all sales, whether it's delivery or dine-in as long as it's bring 
coming in profitably, and that's how it came in. 
And so that's why you see those numbers in EBITDA as well as on revenues, which is up 
23.6% on revenues, SSSG up 2.6% and EBITDA, restaurant level and company EBITDA both 
up 168%, the other 133%. All this is because these things kind of lined up well. As far as... 
Sumit Zaveri: 
Yes. So Devanshu, I'll just take the first question. As far as the business is concerned, we are 
very clear that the cash that the business generates will be utilized for the purpose of growth of 
our businesses. And that's something which is very clearly kind of agreed as a part of our long-
term plan. So we are very clear. We continue to kind of use the cash for the purpose of growth 
of our businesses -- the current businesses that we have. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it. Sumit, just one more clarification. You did mention there is some forex-related loss, 
right? So your pre-Ind AS head office cost is somewhere around INR37.6 crores, but your 
post-Ind AS head office cost comes out to be around INR50-odd crores, right? So what is this 
exact difference and whether this is expected to continue in the coming quarters? 
Sumit Zaveri: 
So one is, Devanshu, the exchange loss that I mentioned to you is sitting below the EBITDA 
line as a part of finance cost. So that does not impact the EBITDA line as far as G&A is 
concerned, our G&A for India business stands at INR37 crores for the quarter. So that is the 
number. And the exchange loss number that I spoke to you is not forming part of the G&A or 
the EBITDA, whether it is pre-Ind AS or post-Ind AS EBITDA numbers. 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Okay. Got it. Then there might be some mistake at my end, I will correct that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya from Complete Circle Capital. 
Aditya: 
Yes, all my questions are answered. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manoj from Geometric. 
Manoj: 
Congratulations on super matrix in all areas. I understand that you will take time for the 
capital, which will come from the equity dilution. But can you give some sense what you will 
not do? What you will do you have a time like I understand that multiple permutations that 
looks like that capital will go into the investment phase in some form of sense. 
But like last time, there was a promoter that we bought Burger King Indonesia. Can we -- it is 
like that we can buy something in Chinese wok. Is there any guideline what we won't do? 
What we will do, we will come to know. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Manoj, please give us some time. We are in discussions on an outlay on plan. We will come 
back. We will have a plan. There are a lot of options, which include backward integration, 
bringing some efficiencies by investing in, for example, solar farms. It's a good way to kind of 
spend the money long-term. 
But backward integration, there's growth initiatives that we can -- there's a lot that is on our 
plate that we are sorting out. Given the very small time frame that we have had since the deal 
was closed till now, I think we should do this honestly, and we should come back with 
definitive answers more than speculative answers. So please give us some time. 
Manoj: 
Okay. Understood. Looks like -- my commentary of Indonesia, Burger King, it looks like that 
more or less we are continuing with Burger King, it just looks like a very positive 
commentary. How much capital if we continue with Burger King Indonesia would be needed 
more? Any idea on that? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. So first of all, let me clarify that Burger King Indonesia is doing much better. We have a 
good feel that, that business is kind of on track towards a strong positive EBITDA line at the 
restaurant level. So we continue to kind of work around that. We have identified the gaps that 
are there. 
It took us a little while, but given the rough market that was there because of the boycott and 
before that COVID and then the second boycott, all these things happened in Indonesia. It was 
a fantastic business when we bought it. Pre-COVID, it generated very strong EBITDA 
margins.  

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
And it was in a market where we had very high out-of-home consumption. And it was a very, 
very, very strong business that we bought, but kind of fell through because of all the string of 
events that happened because of the war in Palestine and the boycott subsequent to that. 
So let's leave that alone. We made a good decision that kind of turned out to be tough on us. 
We have found some solutions with Burger King, we are moving forward with those solutions. 
Like I said, whether we have a strategic output from this effort, we still need to be, as a 
company, reducing losses, finding efficiencies, building a strong business as long as we own it. 
So we are continuing to do that, right? 
Popeyes, we think in the near future that we will make some strategic decisions. We still need 
to continue to improve that and minimize the losses. So we are working on both those fronts. 
And that's the real plan that we shared with you prior to the new promoters coming in. It's no 
different now, promoters and we are aligned on how we are moving forward with that. So just 
kind of stay put to hear a little more from us. 
Sumit Zaveri: 
I just want to add to what Raj mentioned, there was an initial question as well with respect to 
the way both the business, our business and promoters business will be run. I think he's already 
clarified that those businesses will continue to operate individually, and that is something 
which is how we will continue to operate both the businesses there. 
There are no -- there are absolutely no plans to consolidate those businesses there as far as we 
are concerned. We are very clear and focused to run these businesses as individual businesses, 
including the allocation of capital, which will go towards the growth of the business that we 
are currently operating. 
Manoj: 
Congratulations and hopeful for a very good journey with the new promoter and transparent 
and very better to the shareholder. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul from Athletico, Analytic Services, LLC. 
Rahul: 
So as part of the acquisition, the promoters have pledged 14%. Is there a chance that, that 14% 
could go further up? 
Sumit Zaveri: 
Rahul, that is honestly completely the plan that the promoters have with respect to funding the 
acquisitions, honestly. So that's a question that rather we would kind of stay away from. As far 
as we are concerned. 
Rahul: 
Fair enough. And is it possible or likely that in the next con call, the promoters would be open 
to being on the call? I think many shareholders would appreciate that if it's possible. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Look, I mean, I'll definitely have a chat with Aayush on that. But I think it makes more sense 
for us to finish a business plan, set that out and then kind of share that with the wider 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
community and then kind of have that call. So we'll discuss and get back for sure. I mean it's a 
good question from you, and we'll get back to you on that, yes? 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit from ithought PMS. 
Rohit: 
Congratulations on solid performance. So my question was on Indonesia. So while you sort of 
hinted that maybe we may look at things at Popeyes. But just on Burger King Indonesia, I 
mean, what kind of capital outlay do you see? And given that you -- I mean you seem to be 
very confident about the things improving, notwithstanding the numbers yet. 
So like what kind of external capital, I mean, from the parent do you see that they will 
probably -- that we need to sort of invest? I saw that we have invested close to INR50 crores in 
the Indonesian subsidiary. But assuming that the business improves from here on, I mean, is 
there sort of a limit you're thinking that this is the kind of capital that we would sort of give out 
to Indonesia -- Burger King Indonesia... 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes, Rohit, that's a very good question. First of all, let me reiterate to you that the franchisor, 
which is RBI, Restaurants Brand International has invested already or plans to -- has 
committed to invest USD9 million over the next 3 years in the Indonesian market. 
So that's the capital that they are outlaying in terms of marketing support to spruce up our 
marketing program over the next 3 years. So we thank them for that. That's their belief that this 
is a strong market, and this is a market that they would like to build, if anything, right? So 
that's one thing. 
Now we are not in -- we haven't got a plan in place right now to build any new restaurants 
there. right? There's nothing in this year's plan to build any new restaurant. We are optimizing, 
reducing rent in existing restaurants. We are looking at the solar farm. We are looking at the 
new broiler. 
We might end up buying the new broiler, which will actually bring efficiencies that last time 
when we told you about this plan for India, the payback was about a year and a few months. So 
that kind of paid off real quickly here in India, and we are looking at those, and we will have 
that into our plan as we kind of move forward on that. 
But a lot of efficiencies will come out without any capex outlay, right? A lot of this will come 
out. Marketing support is there from RBI that they have invested into this business. So these 
are the initiatives. We are not looking at putting in capex to grow restaurants, but we'll find 
ways to bring in efficiencies at current ADSs. 
And then, of course, the value strategy that we are going to roll out will help us kind of 
improve the top line. We have seen in the industry over there at the other players that are there 
that they have slowly started to move their top lines as well. 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
And so generally, the industry -- and when I say the industry, I'm talking about Western QSRs 
in Indonesia are now creeping up and improving on their ADSs and their sales and P&L and so 
forth. So it's not just that we are hoping to do that. We are seeing the entire market doing that. 
Rohit: 
And just 2 small questions on this follow-up. So I think when we had acquired, I think I 
remember maybe you had articulated that while the gross margins there are lower than India at 
a restaurant level or at a unit level, probably because of lower rents and lower delivery 
provisions, etcetera, the margins actually are slightly ahead of India. 
So of course, a lot has happened since then in terms of the macro environment. But assuming 
that you work through these efficiencies and you get some bit of market tailwinds in terms of 
ADS, does that still hold? Or I mean, that argument has probably not played out, if you can 
share some comments? Sorry, one more question on this was that I think when we had 
acquired this piece, I think we were very on the chicken part. And I think we have -- you 
mentioned that we've gone from 30% to 50%. 
And concomitantly, I think we were talking about a gross margin improvement there as well 
because of this mix changing when we had acquired. So can you maybe also talk a bit about 
that? What kind of potential improvement in gross margin because of this have we already 
achieved and what can happen going forward, in Indonesia specifically? Yes. Thank you. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Very good question, Rohit. Excellent question, actually. Look, the dynamics of that P&L 
haven't changed, right? We have an advantage over there in rent. While we kind of 12% over 
here when we bought that business, it was sitting at 8% because of volumes, right? The 
volumes were there, sitting at 8% rent. 
We hope to get there very quickly as we kind of do this value strategy and we kind of roll this 
out. So many of those benefits that were there in those P&Ls still exist, right? For example, 
delivery is a lower percentage there. The commissions on delivery are lower. There are a lot of 
intrinsic advantages that we have in that business that haven't changed. 
So as we grow the volume back and there, those things will be still firm and available to us, 
right? Now you spoke about the chicken. Yes, we moved the volumes of chicken, which, of 
course, you saw our gross margin in the BK business has improved significantly. And that 
gross margin will continue to improve and that will roll down to our EBITDA line. 
What I think we learned from the study that we did is that Burger King is very strong and 
known for burgers over there. And people that visit QSR and if they visit for a burger, they 
would like to visit a Burger King. And so what we are doing now with the value strategy is 
including burger options into our value induction menu. And those will be rolled out. 
In fact, they are in test as we speak. In fact, the test started on the 1st. So we are already in test 
in 3 markets. We will see how the tests run. And as we kind of learn which of those test -- 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
which of those strategies are best, then we will implement those to drive the top line over 
there. Did I answer all pieces of your question there, Rohit? 
Rohit: 
Yes, Raj, I think this was very helpful. And just sorry, if I can squeeze one more in. I 
mentioned that we tried some value strategy in Indonesia, but it sort of did not work out and 
we're moving to another strategy. So anything you can share what didn't probably work out? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. Rohit, see, when we put a value strategy, like we have a 2-for in India, right, 2-for-79, 
that's a value strategy, right? We have a gross margin percentage that's lower. But because of 
the traffic we drive, the gross margin dollars or rupees in India, those are substantial, right? 
And that's what helps us in driving EBITDA and top line sales, right? 
Every company has some kind of a lead offer that they use to generate trial and bring -- it's 
called the induction menu people into the business. Now we had that strategy in place in 
Indonesia for a while. It did give us some kind of initial jump, but did not go to the traffic 
numbers that we had speculated. 
One, because maybe there was a better offer and a better strategy in place that we did not put. 
And secondly, the marketing spends around that were muted because of the muted sales that 
we had. Now both those things we are trying to solve. One is we have got additional marketing 
rupees that have come in our -- Rupiah in Indonesia that have come through our franchisor 
who has graciously partnered in that business.  
And secondly, we are also testing what different strategies would work better than what we 
currently have. So once we have those pieces put together, I think we're going to come out a 
little ahead than where we were when we started this journey. 
Moderator: 
The last question is from the line of from Vignesh Iyer from Sequent Investments. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
My question is on the gross margin part for our Indian business, in which we have seen a 
sequential improvement for several quarters now. So -- and even in this quarter, we have seen 
improvement, if I have to say, on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
So wanted to understand what is the target or anything in mind? Or is this the steady state 
number that we should model in for the future quarter, considering the fact that we have been 
hearing from other players in QSR industry that there has been an impact of raw material 
inflation on the gross margin part, but we have still seen a good improvement in our gross 
margin on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. Thanks, Vignesh, for your question. First of all, our strategy, we are slightly ahead of 
where we thought we would be in terms of gross margin. We have already outlaid that. Our 
goal is, as we have outlined in the last call, is to get to 72% over the next 3 years. Now given 
we are at 70.8%, that tells you that we're kind of a little bit ahead on our strategy. 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
But it's all coming through our -- which is -- I've been sharing this now for the last 3 years. We 
are continuing to fill up markets which have DCs with more restaurants. So we amortize the 
secondary transportation in those restaurants -- and sorry, the primary transportation over more 
restaurants in that region. So automatically, we see efficiencies coming in. Again, it's again, 
the cluster approach. You build a DC, there is some fixed cost to the DC. When you put 
enough restaurants around it, it not only absorbs the fixed cost, but in future, it brings down the 
total cost. So this cluster approach that we have been doing is helping bring down the total cost 
of distribution. But also buying and bringing in multiple -- bringing, as I say, bringing food 
close to the restaurant. That's another strategy that we put in place a couple of years ago. And I 
think as we keep working on that strategy, you will find that the fruits of that will continue 
coming in. Our plan is to get to 72% in the next 2 to 3 years. So we'll stay on that plan. And if 
we meet that ahead, kudos to the team, but that's the plan. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Right. So would it be fair to say that on a quarter-on-quarter basis, this entire improvement is 
due to the structure that you have set up, that's a cluster-based approach. And there is no such 
price increase that you have taken in this specific quarter? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. Look, we haven't taken any strategic price increase at all. We take a few paise here or a 
few rupees here and there. We haven't had a price increase for a while now. And we have 
stayed true to that. We have taken some in delivery, some here and there, but nothing that we 
haven't done in the past. 
We haven't really gone out of the way to take a price increase. We won't do that. I think we 
continue to stay true to our strategy of continuing to drive traffic into our business. And I think 
that strategy kind of keeps us honest and keeps us clean. 
Thank you so much. Really appreciate it, guys. Again, thank you for your interest in our 
business. It's one of those quarters that we are actually as a team proud of. 12.6% SSSG, 
INR682 crores in total revenues in India, 70.8% gross margin, INR90 crores in restaurant level 
EBITDA and INR52.7 crores in company EBITDA here in India. Indonesia, Burger King 
business getting strong. We are looking at all options on Popeyes, and we are going to be 
putting a structurally sound plan in the next several weeks and months to kind of take this 
company forward. And thank you for your support. You guys have been good. Please go and 
buy Burger King, go buy Whoppers. We'll appreciate that. Thank you very much. Over to you, 
operator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question from the participants. On behalf 
of Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited, that concludes this conference Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability) 
