  
 
Biocon Limited 
20th KM, Hosur Road 
Electronic City  
Bangalore 560 100, India 
T 91 80 2808 2808 
F 91 80 2852 3423 
 
CIN : L24234KA1978PLC003417 
 
www.biocon.com  
 
BIO/SECL/TG/2026-27/58 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
To, 
            
 
 
 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
To, 
            
 
 
 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Communication Department 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code- 532523 
Scrip Symbol- BIOCON 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call Q1 FY27 
 
This is further to our earlier letter dated August 06, 2026, regarding the presentation of Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Call held on August 06, 2026, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of the Earnings Call. 
 
The same is also available on the website of the Company at https://www.biocon.com/investor-
relations/financial-information/earning-call-transcripts/. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Biocon Limited 
 
                  
 
_______________ 
Rajesh U. Shanoy  
Company Secretary and Compliance officer  
ICSI Membership Number: A16328 
 
 
 
 
 
RAJESH 
UMAKANT 
SHANOY
Digitally signed by 
RAJESH UMAKANT 
SHANOY 
Date: 2026.08.11 
19:38:06 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
Biocon Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call Transcript 
August 06th, 2026 
 

 
Speakers and Participants from Biocon Limited  
 
Dr. Kiran Mazumdar Shaw – Executive Chairperson, Biocon Group  
Mr. Shreehas Tambe – Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director, Biocon Limited 
Mr. Kedar Upadhye – Chief Financial Officer, Biocon Limited 
Mr. Anuj Goel – Chief Development Officer, Biocon Limited  
Mr. Matthew Erick – Chief Commercial Officer – Advanced Markets, Biocon Limited  
Ms. Rhonda Duffy – Chief Operating Officer, Biocon Limited 
Mr. Susheel Umesh – Chief Commercial Officer – Emerging Markets, Biocon Limited 
Mr. Amit Kaptain – Head - Global API Commercials & FDF – EM, Biocon Limited 
Mr. Siddharth Mittal – Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director, Syngene International 
Mr. Deepak Jain – Chief Finance Officer, Syngene International 
Mr. Prashant Nair – Head Investor Relations, Biocon Limited 
 
 
External Participants during Q&A session 
 
Sidharth Negandhi – CWC Advisors 
Neha Manpuria – Bank of America Securities India Limited 
Surya Patra – Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited 
Shyam Srinivasan – Goldman Sachs India Securities Private Limited 
Damyanti Kerai – HSBC Securities and Capital Markets (India) Private Limited 
Ankit Shah – Canara Robeco AMC 
Chinni S – Individual Investor 
Vipulkumar Shah – Sumangal Investments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Prepared Remarks Session 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Biocon Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Please note that this meeting is being recorded. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Prashant Nair, Head Investor Relations, Biocon Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Prashant Nair: 
Thank you, Neerav. And good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Biocon's first quarter 
results for Financial Year 2027. A press release and presentation related to the same have been sent to the 
exchanges and are uploaded on our website for your reference.  
Let me introduce the management team on this call. We are joined by Biocon Chairperson, Dr. Kiran Mazumdar-
Shaw; Mr. Shreehas Tambe, CEO and Managing Director; Mr. Kedar Upadhye, CFO; along with other senior 
members of our management team.  
We will begin with opening remarks from Kiran, following which we will open the call for questions. Please note that 
this call is being recorded. The recording will be made available on our website within a day, and the call transcript 
will be shared shortly thereafter.  
Before we begin, I want to remind everyone about the Safe Harbor related to today's call. Comments made during 
the call may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in relation to the risks that our business faces that 
could cause our future results, performance, or achievements to differ significantly from what is expressed or 
implied by such forward-looking statements.  
Now I would like to hand over the call to Kiran for her opening remarks. Over to you, Kiran. 
Kiran Mazumdar Shaw:  
Thank you, Prashant, and a very good morning to everyone. I want to start on a confident note by saying that 
Biocon is now operating from a position of significant strategic and financial strength. The successful integration of 
our biosimilars and generics businesses has strengthened our operating model, expanded our global reach, and 
enhanced our ability to serve patients, customers, and partners across markets. With the major integration and 
investment phase largely behind us, we are increasingly focused on translating our capabilities into accelerated 
growth. In addition to which, we are focusing on improved profitability, stronger cash generation, and of course, 
better returns on capital.  
Against this backdrop, let me begin with a perspective on the key geographies in which we operate and the 
opportunities we see across our businesses.  
 
 

 
North America 
North America is our largest and most strategically important market and continues to offer significant long-term 
opportunities across both biosimilars and generics. The policy dialogue is increasingly centred around affordability, 
patient access, and healthcare sustainability, creating a favourable backdrop for high-quality, cost-effective 
therapies. We are particularly encouraged by recent legislative and regulatory initiatives aimed at simplifying 
biosimilar development and removing unnecessary barriers to adoption. As an active participant in these 
discussions through industry forums and advocacy efforts, we believe that these developments have the potential 
to further strengthen the long-term outlook for biosimilars in the US.  
We continue to strengthen our position in the region through the successful commercialization of Bosaya™ and 
Aukelso™, which is our biosimilar denosumab, Yesafili™, which is our biosimilar aflibercept, and gliraglutide in the 
US. These launches expand our presence across important and growing therapeutic segments while further 
enhancing the breadth of our portfolio. At the same time, we continue to strengthen our regional supply network 
through a combination of our global manufacturing footprint, local manufacturing capabilities, and strategic 
partnerships, enabling greater proximity to customers and enhancing supply resilience. Together with a favourable 
policy environment for biosimilars, these developments reinforce our confidence in the long-term opportunities 
across the North American market.  
Europe 
When it comes to Europe, this represents one of the world's most established markets for biosimilars and generic 
medicines, where healthcare systems increasingly rely on affordable therapies to improve patient access and 
support long-term sustainability. Following the integration of our product businesses, we now offer a combined 
portfolio of 11 biosimilars and 8 generic medicines. These span key therapeutic areas supported by tailored 
commercial strategies across both retail and tender channels.  
During the quarter, we launched our denosumab biosimilar for bone health across multiple European markets and 
Abevmy™, our bevacizumab biosimilar, in the Czech Republic and Switzerland. We also expanded our commercial 
footprint through strategic partnerships in markets such as France, Portugal, Slovenia and Spain, further 
strengthening market access and positioning the business for future growth.  
Emerging Markets  
Emerging markets continue to represent an important growth opportunity for Biocon, driven by increasing 
healthcare access, rising adoption of biologics and the growing need for affordable therapies. Following the 
integration of our businesses, we now offer a broader portfolio supported by expanded commercial capabilities and 
regional partnerships. We are also strengthening regional supply networks through a combination of local 
partnerships, contract manufacturing arrangements and technology transfer initiatives, helping bring products 
closer to the end market while expanding patient access to high-quality medicines.  
During the quarter, we continued to build momentum through new product launches, regulatory approvals and key 
tender wins across Asia-Pacific as well as Africa and Latin America. Highlights included the launch of Yesafili™, 
the first approved biosimilar aflibercept in Malaysia, continued leadership of our bevacizumab franchise in Brazil 
and further expansion of market access through multiple product approvals and commercial partnerships across 
the region. 

 
Financial Highlights  
So, against what I've just spoken about, let me now discuss the group's financial performance for the quarter.  
In Q1 FY '27, the group delivered 10% year-on-year growth in operating revenue.  
• 
Within this, biopharmaceuticals grew 17% year-on-year with strong traction across biosimilars and 
generics 
• 
Services revenue declined 16% year-on-year due to continued impact of challenges faced the previous 
year.  
EBITDA was at INR902 crores with a margin of 21%. Generics profitability improved meaningfully and helped to 
offset the impact of challenges faced by the services business.  
Interest cost declined 23% year-on-year and 8% quarter-on-quarter to INR213 crores following the actions taken 
to strengthen our balance sheet.  
Reported net profit for the quarter before exceptionals was INR145 crores, representing a 245% year-on-year 
increase.  
As we have indicated in the past, our objective is not simply to grow revenues but to translate growth into stronger 
earnings and shareholder value. We remain committed to improving free cash flow generation, further reducing 
leverage and driving sustained improvement in return ratios.  
I would now like to discuss our business performance in a segmental manner.  
Biosimilars Q1FY27 Update 
Let me start with our biosimilars business, which remains our core growth engine and is well-positioned and highly 
differentiated for the next phase of growth supported by recent launches and expanded manufacturing capability.  
• 
Biosimilars revenue for quarter one stood at INR2,855 crores, representing a 16% year-on-year increase 
driven by the North America market.  
• 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR728 crores, representing a growth of 10% year-on-year and this 
translates into an EBITDA margin of 25% 
• 
R&D investments for the quarter stood at 7% of revenues.  
Q1 performance was broadly in line with our expectations, and we expect momentum to build progressively through 
the year with meaningful acceleration in the second half of FY'27.  
We achieved a significant manufacturing milestone with EMA approval for the second drug product line at our 
Malaysia insulin facility. Supplies from this line have started and should pick up further from Q2 FY'27. This will 
support the next phase of growth in our global insulin franchise, where we find rising demand across the world. 
 
 

 
Generics Q1FY27 Update 
The generics business delivered a strong quarter, combining healthy revenue growth with a marked improvement 
in profitability, reflecting the benefits of recent product launches, operating leverage and disciplined execution.  
• 
Revenues stood at INR760 crores, representing a 21% year-on-year growth.  
• 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR56 crores. EBITDA margin at 7% improved more than 250 basis 
points over Q4FY'26, driven by higher volumes and operating leverage.  
The GLP-1 portfolio continues to be an important growth driver for the business, with generic liraglutide contributing 
to growth across multiple markets, including the US.  
The significant investments made over the last several years in peptides, fermentation and manufacturing 
capabilities have created a strong platform for future growth. As utilization levels improve and newer products 
continue to scale up, we remain focused on further strengthening profitability, generating stronger cash flows and 
enhancing returns on capital.  
Services Q1FY27 Update 
Syngene's Q1 FY'27 performance was impacted by lower offtake from a key biologics client and a forex hedge loss 
partly offset by cost optimization initiatives.  
• 
Revenues were down 16% year-on-year to INR736 crores 
• 
Operating EBITDA margin was at 12% for the quarter.  
During the quarter, Syngene entered into a strategic collaboration with BRIC-THSTI, a premier institute under the 
Department of Biotechnology, Government of India to strengthen capabilities across translational research, clinical 
development and bioanalytical sciences. We believe that this partnership further enhances its ability to support 
first-in-human, Phase 1 and patient-based clinical research programs.  
Syngene also continued to strengthen SynAI, its AI-enabled drug discovery platform, expanding virtual screening 
capabilities and advancing AI-driven molecule design to accelerate drug discovery and development. Its strong 
balance sheet continues to support targeted investments in infrastructure, AI, digital technologies and emerging 
modalities.  
FY'27, we have clearly indicated, is a transition year for Syngene as it navigates the impact of reduced demand 
from the large biologics client. While revenues are expected to decline in the first half, performance should improve 
in the second half, resulting in a single-digit revenue degrowth in rupee terms for the full year and EBITDA margins 
back to mid-20s.  
With the new management team now in place, the focus is on restoring commercial momentum, strengthening 
execution, driving operational excellence and improving profitability. These actions are expected to position 
Syngene for a return to profitable and sustainable growth from FY'28. 
So, to conclude, I would like to say that we have started FY'27 on a steady footing and remain confident in the 
outlook for the year. With a stronger foundation, multiple recent launches, expanded manufacturing capacity and 

 
a continued focus on profitability, cash generation and returns, we believe we are well-positioned to deliver stronger 
performance as the year progresses.  
With that, I now open it up for your questions. Thank you. 
 
Q&A Session 
\
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First 
question is from Sidharth Negandhi. Kindly announce your company name and proceed 
with your question. 
Sidharth Negandhi: 
This is Sidharth from CWC. Thank you for the opportunity to ask questions. I had 
a few questions. First on the generics business and then on the biosimilars. The 
generics business has seen some strong growth, as you've mentioned, with the 
liraglutide launch. But could you give us some colour on what the growth in the 
base business ex of liraglutide is?  
And within that, if one looks at the generics profitability ex of R&D, it is lower on 
a quarter-on-quarter basis. There is a 600 points lower R&D spend, but a 200-bps 
sort of improvement in profitability. So, is that some competitive intensity playing 
out in your base business? How should one look at that? These were on the 
generics business.  
And on the biosimilars business, if you could share any updates on your 
formulary listings for the insulin in the US? And given that that wasn't the case, 
what are the products that are driving your North America growth, as you've 
mentioned? And if you could give us some colour on the market share across 
products and what's the change in the market share? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: I will ask my colleagues Shreehas and Kedar to respond to your query. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Thanks, Sidharth, for the question. And I think the important part is to respond to your 
question and if I miss something then please do remind me about those.  
The generics business has been exceptionally important for us to get back to 
profitability. So, what's really underpinned that turn around right now is really a product 
mix that we've focused on. We focused on getting cost out of the system that's helped 
as well and operating leverage has started to play.  
We've talked about in previous earnings calls that you will see once we integrate the 
businesses that the operating synergies will start reflecting in the business and that's 
what you're starting to see. We had said we won't quantify it until we have better visibility 

 
to it. As we get to the second half, we'll start quantifying it and letting you know but 
you're starting to see that in the numbers already.  
The part related to R&D is also another significant piece, which has contributed to R&D 
to the EBITDA that you see. That's another clear incentive to see that the R&D outlays 
in line with what the business is right now slated to grow, so that it's not in line with its 
more than what we want to right now outlay in that business. So that's on the generics 
side.  
On the biosimilars side, there's been a couple of growth drivers that Kiran listed in her 
opening speech, which was about our denosumab biosimilars, which we talked about 
and most importantly, earlier this month, we announced that aflibercept is a product we 
are launching in the ophthalmology space. It's launched now and available to patients 
in the United States. That gives us a very unique play before a large part of the other 
competition comes in. It's a big asset and we're very bullish about how that is going to 
grow.  
You also did ask about the insulin play, and I would point you out to the fact that our 
insulin glargine market shares have been steadily growing over the last couple of 
quarters. We've always signalled that we've been very responsible in how we've 
brought in other insulin products into the US.  
Our market shares have grown for glargine over last quarter as well. And we've got 
active conversations going, which we will make public about our insulin aspart, which 
is branded Kirsty, as we move from the closed-door network that we currently supply to 
in the US to the more commercial players. I think I've probably tried to cover all the 
questions you had asked but in case I missed, do let me know. 
Sidharth Negandhi: 
Shreehas, thank you. And maybe Kedar can help understand the growth in the 
base business on generics versus the growth that's coming from the new product 
launches that you've done, liraglutide and a couple of others. But just also to 
understand that R&D is obviously a need-based spends and that's clear.  
But just to get some colour, because if I look at quarter-on-quarter, the revenue 
is more or less similar, but you've seen a change in the margin, right? You've 
spent lesser on R&D by roughly about 6% in that business, but you've seen only 
a 2% improvement in EBITDA. And therefore, is that more due to competitive 
intensity or is the EBITDA margin lower due to any other factor? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes, maybe I can add here Sidharth. Actually, there is nothing particularly different to 
call out from a competitive intensity standpoint in generics. As you know, the growth will 
always be dependent upon new launches. This quarter, actually, the contribution from 
liraglutide is in single digits, so it's picking up and not fully reflected in this quarter.  
And I think you should note the work that we have done on opex across all three 
companies from quarter four to quarter one and even year-on-year, you will see a 

 
significant drop in the operating expenses. So as part of integration, we have taken a 
hard look on all costs and there is an effort to be more productive, more efficient, which 
will allow us to retain the EBITDA.  
So, I think it’s difficult to give you precise movement about new launches or existing 
business or R&D, because there will be quarter-to-quarter fluctuation. But if you take 
two messages, the new launches are expected to scale up even in generics in the 
subsequent quarters and the work on opex and the thinking on productivity remain very 
strong. 
Sidharth Negandhi: 
Sure. So single-digit growth in the base business plus new launches is how I'm 
reading it and then no increase in competitive intensity. Very clear. Thank you, 
Kedar. Thank you, Shreehas. 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Thank you, Sidharth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from line of Neha Manpuria. Kindly announce 
your company name and proceed with your question. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Yes, thanks for taking my question. This is Neha from Bank of America. My first 
question, Kiran Ma'am, in your opening remarks you'd mentioned & I think you've 
mentioned this last quarter as well that with the improving momentum in the 
biosimilar business, our focus is on profitable growth.  
So, if I were to read that a little more specifically, should I assume margins for 
the biosimilar business to improve versus last year? Would that reflect with this 
focus on growth? And how should we think about exit revenue or when you say 
meaningful improvement in the second half, could you give us some color on 
what that meaningful improvement would be? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: Yes. So, I'll start with my comments and then ask Shreehas to add to it. But basically, 
when we talk about focusing on profitable growth, I think we would like to basically veer 
away from just focusing on market share. Because I think a lot of the focus from the 
investor community is on market share, and if you're going to only double down on 
market share, there is a danger that it might lead to an erosion of margins and 
profitability.  
And we would therefore like to really, really calibrate our business in a way that we 
maximize the profitable growth and profitable businesses that we are seeing across our 
biosimilars. And maybe, Shreehas, you'd like to add to it. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Yes, thanks, Kiran. I think that's rightly said in terms of how we are aiming, Neha, going 
forward and I think the expectation as new products come in, there will be those 
products will obviously be at a higher profitability margin. So clearly, that expectation is 
accurate and we should expect.  

 
It'll also help us offset the market dynamics, because price erosion is also another thing 
which is real in a situation in the market which will also happen. Competitive forces will 
also happen. And I think the competitiveness of Biocon is that we are able to bring in 
several products in a fully integrated manner, which is why the EBITDA margins are 
robust, and they continue to grow strong as you bring in more products. So that 
expectation is not unjustified. 
Neha Manpuria: 
So, just to be clear. So, the 27% margin that we had done for the biosimilar 
business last year, that should be higher this year as we focus on profitable 
growth. Would that be a fair assumption? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
We have always directed this to say we will be in the mid-20s, and it will ramp up. Kedar, 
do you want to comment on that? I do not think we have guided anything beyond that, 
Neha, at this point, but Kedar, you can come in. 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes. I would just, Neha, I would urge you to normalize the 27% of last year. If you 
remember in quarter three, we had allocated more products for North American region, 
and for that quarter and for the full year, that pulled up the profitability. So, if you 
normalize last year's margins to maybe 24%, 25%. Yes, then we are all driving towards 
margin expansion. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Understood. And my second question is on Aflibercept. Given that the existing 
biosimilar has very high market share. What's the thought process there? Would 
that be a very slow ramp-up in market share? How do we think we can get a fair 
market share in Aflibercept? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Well, I think if I can respond to that question, the first thing is that there was a large 
concern in the past that in the ophthalmology space whether biosimilars would be an 
accepted space. I think that myth's been busted already and there is clarity that 
biosimilars are high-quality products and will be accepted and will thrive in the 
ophthalmology space. 
So, I think that path has been paved, which is a very good sign. Where it places us is 
in a very strong position as we come in this month with a with a clear path for the next 
few months. We've got some active contracts that Matt Erick, who's our Chief 
Commercial Officer, and his team in North America have been tying up. 
So, we believe, Neha, this would well, almost every ramp has a start and then it takes 
some time before it reaches peak. We should have a good straight-out-the-gates a good 
start to this, which will build up towards the second half of the year. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Thank you, Shreehas. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Surya Patra. Kindly announce your company name 
and proceed with your question. 

 
Surya Patra: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. This is Surya Patra from Phillip Capital. My first 
question is let's say the profitable growth again. So, while we have been seeing 
a kind of steady and consistent improvement in the profitability of the biosimilar 
business, which is earlier was facing challenges. But now we are facing 
challenges from other two businesses, Syngene as well as the Generics 
business. So, the way Syngene guided for this year, there is low growth and 
challenges visible. 
So, given that, whether despite the ramp-up in the biosimilars, should we see a 
kind of a moderated kind of a profitable performance for Biocon as a whole for 
FY27 or how should one see the challenges of Syngene for the current year? 
Kiran Mazumdar Shaw: So, Surya, let me first direct you to a very important pie chart that we have shown in our 
press release, and I think you should actually pay attention to that. As, you know 83% 
of our business comes from Biopharmaceuticals. The Research Services business 
accounts for about 17%.  
So, I think you should understand that the main growth drivers of our business is coming 
from Biopharma, largely from the biosimilars business as we have shared in my opening 
comments. So, we do not believe that a temporary decline in profitable growth for 
Syngene is going to impact the performance of Biocon as a whole. 
I believe that Biocon is positioned very well for good profitable growth because the main 
growth engine for Biocon is biosimilars, and even the generics business is now 
beginning to deliver better performance and better profitable growth. 
So, I think you should read this in a very different way than assuming that every 
business is equally apportioned. So that's really the way I would guide you to look at 
the Biocon business and not just jump to conclusions that because one part of a small 
business is not delivering as it used to will impact the rest of the business. So, I hope I 
have answered your question. 
Surya Patra: 
Yes. That's clear, ma'am. So, in fact, given the kind of biosimilar progress what 
we have been anticipating, it was expected that possibly this year onwards, we 
will see a kind of meaningful progress. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: So, I must also remind you, Surya, that our performance in the past has been severely 
impacted by a lot of the structured debt that we had included in our financials because 
of the structured equity element, which is now retired and behind us. And I think that's 
why you're seeing now a return to good, strong, sustained profitable growth. 
Surya Patra: 
Sure. My second question is about the biosimilar progression itself. So, we have 
been guiding about second-half pickup from all the products. 
So, is it possible to give some sense or colour about what is the kind of uptake 
that we are witnessing, either in terms of penetration or enrolment or the kind of 

 
marketing engagement that we would be having or even in terms of the kind of 
contracting cycle visibility that we would be having for products like Adali, 
Ustekinumab, Aspart as well as Deno along with Aflibercept? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: So maybe Shreehas, you would like to take this but let me start by saying that we have 
guided for new launches, and you just heard that Aflibercept just entered the market 
this month. And I think that is going to be a big contributor to growth this fiscal. 
Apart from that, insulins are tracking very well and very robustly, and with the 
commissioning and approval of the second drug product line in Malaysia, that's of 
course now unlocking a lot of the capacity challenges that we used to face for in terms 
of addressing the demand. 
So, I think when you look at all our other products, they are tracking well, and maybe 
Shreehas, you would like to add to what I am saying. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Yes, no, I think that's said very well. It sets the base, Surya, in terms of where we are. 
Just to add a little more colour to what Kiran said, the five products that we have always 
said we are going to be focusing growth on, two we just talked about Aflibercept, 
Denosumab. But there is beyond that Aspart, Ustekinumab, where you've seen a 
tremendous offtake in the past year. And then you've got bevacizumab, which is in in 
some sense understated at this point in time. 
These five products will drive growth. We have been contracting for some of these 
products in recent days. You know that July to September is the window when most of 
these payor negotiations finalize for full year for the following calendar year, and I think 
what I can tell you at this point in time is we are in a good place to have those 
conversations. 
It would be premature to disclose exactly what those are, but we are now in that place 
where we would be looking to bring these products to market. Some of the other things 
like I was responding to Neha before, may not be really a commercial play. They are 
also fee-for-service models, which exist for Part B products, which is in the medical 
benefit space, and those are something that will come straight out of the gate as we 
launch these products, and Aflibercept will see the benefit of it, which is why we have 
been saying that the second half of the fiscal year will be stronger than what you are 
expecting to see in the first half. Just to give you some broad colour on that. 
Surya Patra: 
Yes. Thank you, sir. Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Shyam Srinivasan. Kindly announce your company 
name and proceed with your question. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Hi. This is Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. Thank you for the 
opportunity. Just going back to the biosimilar, both approved as well as the 

 
launches that have just recently happened, if you could just characterize how 
some of the franchises are working. 
Let say for example the oncology franchise Ogivri, how are they doing in terms 
of either market shares, because I think Kiran Ma'am had also mentioned a de-
emphasis on market share as a metric to measure success, let's assume. 
So how should we look at our core portfolio maybe U.S., Europe, if you could 
also comment, oncology as well as diabetes portfolio, the insulins, and Aspart, 
for example, and I know the launches have happened in immunology, so just want 
to understand how the base business even in biosimilars are tracking? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Shreehas, you might want to take this. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Yes. That's a very comprehensive question, Shyam, probably a longish response. I will 
try to be brief, and I will lean on my colleague Matt to jump in if and when needed. Matt, 
please feel free to jump in. I think your first question was in terms of how the legacy 
products, established products have been performing. 
I do want to point out to you and others on the call is, and this is something that I've 
been saying for a very long time, that the biosimilars business is very enduring, both in 
terms of its margins and its revenues. The products continue to be strong. We launched 
Fulphila in 2018. It's now eight years that that the product is been in the market, 
continues to drive margins and continues to have market share, in case that is one of 
the ways to look at how it's been performing, continues to be a fifth of the market, a 
fourth of the market, whichever way you look at it, continues to deliver strong 
performance and contributions to the bottom line. 
Same with Ogivri, which is in the HER2 breast cancer space. We are looking to add 
some more products in that. Bevacizumab I just talked about. But the legacy products 
are these two. Insulin, you talked about, was another legacy product which we launched 
in in late 2020, early 2021. 
It's been there for a very long time, continues to hold market, continues to deliver 
margins. We have been very cautious, if the market shares for the taking, we have not 
gone all out and wanted to take everything at a go. But this is a very sustainable 
business in that sense, and very responsibly we have taken market. This was the U.S.  
In Europe, it's a play where we have focused on the immunology space, the 
inflammation space, and you have seen adalimumab do extremely well for us for the 
last 7, 8 years. We have had a very strong position, despite the fact that there is 
competition which played around with concentration and strength, because of the kind 
of quality that we brought to the market and the reliability of supply that we've been able 
to provide. 

 
So, I believe that legacy products in biosimilars is a very strong indication that they 
provide enduring margins for a very, very long time. So, this was one myth which was 
again challenged and busted, that they will fall off in a few months. So that's not the 
case. 
On the new product launches, I think I responded in a fairly detailed manner to Surya, 
but I'll pause and check with Matt, because Matt's the one who is really driving a lot of 
this growth that you are seeing in our advanced markets along with Susheel in the 
emerging markets. But over to you, Matt. 
Matt Erick: 
Yes. Thanks, Shreehas. Just a little more colour, particularly around the oncology 
products in the U.S. So, those established products remain very strong from a market 
access standpoint. And as Shreehas said, with that strong stability comes strong 
margins. And that's what we're looking at. Our focus is continued on select channels to 
drive the sustainability. So, you see this market share maintained as profitability 
continues to be strong. Also, on our other products, market access, as Shreehas said, 
going through into the July calendar year remains very robust in our ability to add 
additional market access in contracts in the U.S. 
This is why both Kiran and Shreehas have commented on you will see these growths 
start in the second half. So, lots of good momentum there. As Shreehas said, not a lot 
more to add in Europe. 
Exactly what's going on there with the adalimumab and continue momentum in some 
of our key oncology products, and absolutely we're excited about all the new launches, 
especially Aflibercept, which we see strong demand and strong opportunities within the 
U.S., particularly around the market access piece. Thank you, Shreehas. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Thank you. Thank you for the detailed response. Just a second question, and I 
will be brief, is on the generics part. And maybe Kedar, just on the profitability, 
so we are showing 7% EBITDA. I know it's been a little volatile on that line item, 
but do you foresee now, with the kind of growth that we have seen, that there's a 
path to higher profitability, and the split of API to formulations, how is that 
trending? Thank you, all the best. 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes. So, I think the split of API to formulations is about 60:40 this quarter. Historically 
it's been two thirds and one thirds. So maybe eventually it will go there. The profitability 
improvement is an agenda across all three businesses, Shyam. So, we are not guiding 
specifically, but as the new launches kick in, as our work on the cost continues, margin 
expansion will remain a priority. 
And that will also include a hard look on operating expenses, hard look on what is 
relevant for us to pursue in R&D, and we do have active cost improvement program in 
the materials and factory overheads as well. So, all of this is expected to improve, and 
not only the portfolio improvement because of launches. So, we'll continue to do work 
on all these levers, Shyam. 

 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Thank you, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Damayanti Kerai. Kindly announce your 
company name and proceed with your question. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Hi. Good morning. This is Damayanti from HSBC Securities and Capital Markets 
Limited. So, my first question is again continuing on your efforts for optimizing 
cost. So Kedar, you mentioned you have been working on a lot of initiative to 
really assess the cost and make improvement wherever it's feasible. So just want 
to understand on two things. First, if you can update on utilization of some of the 
new units, including unit in the US and what kind of cost drag you are incurring 
as these new plants are scaling up? So that's my first question. 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes. So, I think, Damayanti, we will not call out any specific number at this stage in 
terms of the cost drag, but what has happened is the improvement that you're seeing 
in the Generics profitability is because of three things. One is some of the premium on 
API products, pricing premium; secondly, optimization of the R&D portfolio; and thirdly, 
opex. 
So, I think all these three levers are helping, and you know there'll be some time lag 
before the new units start contributing meaningfully in terms of utilization. But our 
numbers for the subsequent quarters do show that. So as the things improve, the 
numbers will reflect at higher utilization and the associated benefit on revenues and 
margins. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
And just to add to what Kedar is saying, I think the focus there has clearly been on fiscal 
discipline. And that is why you're seeing that what Kedar just mentioned is whether it is 
in the R&D alignment to business in terms of whatever we've outlaid there, or the cost 
synergies that have come in because of the operating leverage because we were able 
to merge the two businesses that it has offered. 
That is the first level of benefit that you are seeing come through in the cost benefit, and 
we expect this to remain. So, it's not a one-off that happened. We expect this to carry 
through over the course of the coming quarters as well. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: Yes, I think Damayanti, I would like you to remember that one of the key objectives of 
the integration of Biocon and Biologics was to basically unlock a lot of synergies and 
avoid a lot of the duplication in our businesses which has actually been delivered and 
will continue to deliver. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Sure, Ma'am. So, when we look at the current operating cost structure, a lot of 
improvements were already achieved, and you think we can continue to improve 
on current structure as well. And then obviously the growing top line will 
contribute towards the leverage benefit. That's the way we should assume? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: Yes. 

 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. Also, my second question is again on cost. Kedar, can should we look at 
the current quarter depreciation number as the numbers to sustain in coming 
quarters as well? So, if also you can also explain, what has led to increase versus 
last quarter's depreciation number? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes, yes. So that line includes as the new launches happen in the market, the 
corresponding amortization gets charged to P&L. So that's the reason the number will 
keep moving as the new launches do come in. So that's primarily the reason, and 
whenever the facilities get fully capitalized and start operating, that will come in as well. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
And my last question is, you have launched, I think, all the targeted products, five 
products, which we discussed. So, when I look between now and say FY28, FY29, 
what I understand, we don't have more, like much more products to be added to 
the portfolio, and focus will be on ramping up the recent launches, or is any other 
product apart from Etanercept which could come in '29, should we assume 
between now and next two years’ time frame? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
We would be happy to surprise you, Damayanti, in a nice way. Would that be okay? 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Yes, definitely. Thanks. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
We have been working on the pipeline. We've not necessarily talked about everything, 
but the focus has always been to see that we have a new product launch either in the 
US or in Europe every year from here on till the end of the decade. That's what we've 
shared visibility to, and we will continue to strive towards that. So, you should continue 
to expect us to or at least see that we try to work towards that. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. Thank you. That's helpful. Wishing team all the best. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next follow-up question is from line of Sidharth Negandhi. Please 
go ahead. 
Sidharth Negandhi: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity for the follow-up. Just continuing on the previous 
discussions on profitability and cost improvement, thanks for a really detailed 
colour, Shreehas and Kedar. Just to understand this further, given that there have 
been a few new launches on the Generics side, is there any launch expenditure 
that could see some operating leverage later as those scale and therefore could 
we see profitability improvement? 
And in context of what you mentioned on looking at both operating costs and 
R&D projects, how should one think of the growth trajectory on the Generics 
business if R&D projects are going to be prioritized to really only the focused 
ones? 

 
And on the Biosimilars business similarly, right, in the current profitability, given 
the spate of new launches that has happened recently, are there meaningful 
launch expenditures that could see operating leverage going forward? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Kedar, you want to take that? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes, yes. I think, Siddharth, you've asked two, three interesting questions, and maybe 
we'll take it offline, some of those queries, specifically in a detailed manner, but the 
operating expenses we're not cutting what is required to be spent. So, I want all of you 
to remember that, and keep in mind that we are not cutting the muscle, we are cutting 
the fat wherever required. And the integration offers us synergies in operations, 
commercials, enabling functions. 
So those are the areas which we are taking a very hard look at, and the numbers do 
reflect that. The relations between new launches and the support required in terms of 
marketing and commercial expenditure, that will get done, and that will get more than 
offset by revenue increase. So, we'll be very calibrated, and we'll be very mindful on 
what needs to be spent and what can be optimized. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: I think in my opening comments, I clearly talked about I used two words. I said strategic 
and synergy. And I think that's what we're doing. I think we are basically calibrating all 
our expenses in whether it is R&D, whether it is other opex, we are really looking at the 
synergy that we can derive through a very, very well thought out strategy. We are not 
going to compromise the future of any growth opportunity by cutting back on anything. 
So, when we talk about R&D, we have a very strategic view of where we should be 
playing in and investing in R&D. And I think that's what you will see, delivering better 
robust growth. I don't think we want to become just opportunistic in R&D investment, 
but we would rather be strategic in the way we are investing in high-growth 
opportunities. 
Sidharth Negandhi: 
Very clear. Thank you. And Kedar, I'll take that offline. Thank you. 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Thank you, Sidharth. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ankit Shah. Kindly announce your company name and 
proceed with your question. 
Ankit Shah: 
Yes. Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. This is Ankit from Canara Robeco AMC. 
My question pertains to debt and working capital. So, I noticed that net debt has 
increased sequentially by around INR1,100 crores, and also the working capital 
has risen because of higher inventory and receivables. So, can you please 
explain the reasons for this, and how do you expect it to trend for the rest of the 
year? 

 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes, see, the increase in inventory, working capital is largely in inventory, and that's 
basically we are getting ready for the second-half scale-up in both biosimilars and 
generics. So that's a good increase in the working capital, and that shows our 
confidence in expected scale-up in the second half. Net debt increase is linked to the 
working capital. It's not any other term loans. 
So, we are in line with the plan that we have, and the idea is to look at productivity and 
efficiency even in working capital. So as things progress, you should expect us to 
maintain robust days of receivables, and DIO, days of inventory outstanding, which 
used to be more than 400 for biosimilars in the past, it's been normalized to about 280, 
290. 
And there are opportunities to improve on that further. But the investment that we have 
made in this quarter in inventory and working capital is to funnel the growth of the 
expected scale-up in second half. 
Ankit Shah: 
Got it. And do you expect the net debt to reduce by the end of the year, or would 
it remain flattish? And also, the quarterly interest cost, I mean, we had talked 
about INR210 crores, INR220 crores range. Would that also stay, or that can 
increase in the coming quarters? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes. So, year-on-year now, there is a significant decrease. So, there is a 23% decline 
in finance cost from last year. Last year, we booked around INR280 crores, this quarter, 
we've booked around INR213 crores, and this is despite the rupee depreciation impact 
on the dollar interest that we pay. So, the constant currency reduction is actually far 
higher.  
And we have said that we are working on this actively, every single dollar that we get 
from free cash, the first use of that is in reduction of the debt. So as things progress, 
you will notice the debt reduction as well. 
Ankit Shah: 
Got it. Thanks a lot, and best of luck. 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Chinni. Kindly announce your company name and 
proceed with your question. 
Chinni S: 
Yes. Myself Chinni, I'm an Individual Investor. I just would like to know what 
would be the impact of tariffs announced by Trump, which would be applicable 
after two years? However, are we well-positioned about improving the 
manufacturing capacity in USA?  
Shreehas Tambe: 
Matt, do you want to respond to that? 

 
Matt Erick: 
Yes, sure, Shreehas. So, the recent announcement by the US President, Donald 
Trump, in regards to additional tariffs was just a tweet. Right now, the law states within 
the United States, generics and biosimilars are exempt. So, legislation would have to 
be passed and redone. And I can tell you from spending numerous days on the Hill in 
Washington that it is a bipartisan review that access and affordability of generics and 
biosimilars must continue to exist. And by putting tariffs on this and adding additional 
cost would absolutely conflict with this. 
The other interesting thing about this is that in the next two years, the current President, 
Donald Trump, will be very close to his last month in office. So, there's a lot that has to 
happen. What we're doing as we look at it today, because it is law in the United States, 
we're continuing to push with our congressmen and women as Biocon and with our 
associations and affiliations in policy, that biosimilars and generics are great. 
They bring cost savings to the United States, and it should continue to be bipartisan 
between the Democrats and the Republicans to save costs to the American citizen. So 
right now, it's just a tweet. Certainly, with our President, you have to take anything he 
says seriously and continue to watch it. But current law states it does not apply, and it'd 
have to be a change in legislation. Thank you for the question. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: And I would also say that the Biocon Group is certainly looking at having the required 
footprint in terms of local manufacturing wherever needed. So, I think that's something 
else we are also looking into, and we do have a number of partnerships in this respect, 
so we will watch the space. 
Chinni S: 
Yes, Ma'am. Does it mean that are we increasing our capital expenditure within 
USA in manufacturing? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: No, I don't believe that we will be increasing our capex in establishing new facilities or 
capacities in the US. We will look at it through partnerships, if required, and we already 
have some of our own manufacturing facilities, which we will obviously utilize. 
Chinni S: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vipul Shah. Kindly announce your company 
name and proceed with your question. 
Vipul Shah: 
What is our current stake in Bicara, and any plan to monetize it? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: I would like to answer that by saying that Bicara is no longer a significant investment for 
Biocon, and we will look at monetizing it at the right time. Bicara is doing exceedingly 
well, and we are very pleased that we have been able to create this value for Bicara by 
establishing it in the first place, and we will decide when is the right time to monetize. 
Vipul Shah: 
What is our current stake, Ma'am? 

 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: The current stake is, we have a small holding in Bicara, and we are in at this moment 
not contemplating to monetize. 
Vipul Shah: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Prashant Nair for closing comments. 
Prashant Nair: 
Yes. Thanks, Neerav. And thank you, everyone, for joining this call. If you have any 
questions that are unanswered or any other questions, please reach out to the IR team, 
and we'll be happy to address those. Thank you once again. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Thank you. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Biocon Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us, and you may now leave the meeting and disconnect. Thank 
you. 
 
-Ends- 
 
 
Note: The contents of this transcript have been edited to improve accuracy and readability 
  
 
