 
 
 
Tata Technologies Limited 
Plot No 25, Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park | Hinjawadi, Pune 411057 | India 
Tel: +91 20 6652 9090 | Fax: +91 20 6652 9035 
CIN L72200PN1994PLC013313  
Email: investor@tatatechnologies.com 
Website: www.tatatechnologies.com 
Ref. No.: TTL/COSEC/SE/2026-27/42 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the earnings conference call on financial results for the quarter ended               
June 30, 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call on financial results for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2026, conducted after the meeting of the Board of Directors held on                       
July 17, 2026. 
The above information will be made available on the website of the Company: www.tatatechnologies.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
For Tata Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
________________________ 
Raghav Mulay 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl: As above 
BSE Limited                                
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001, India 
Scrip Code: 544028 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051, India 
Trading symbol: TATATECH 
RAGHAV 
MANOJ 
MULAY
Digitally signed 
by RAGHAV 
MANOJ MULAY 
Date: 2026.07.21 
14:56:47 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 31 
 
 
“Tata Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY'27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 17, 2026 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. WARREN HARRIS – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – TATA TECHNOLOGIES 
 
MS. SUKANYA SADASIVAN – CHIEF TRANSFORMATION 
OFFICER – TATA TECHNOLOGIES 
 
MR. UTTAM GUJRATI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
TATA TECHNOLOGIES 
 
MR. PRATEEK RAMPURIA – MANAGER – INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – TATA TECHNOLOGIES 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Tata 
Technologies 1Q FY27 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prateek Rampuria, 
Manager, Investor Relations at Tata Technologies. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Prateek Rampuria:  Hello, everyone, and a warm welcome to Tata Technologies Q1 
FY27 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Prateek Rampuria, Manager, 
Investor Relations at Tata Technologies. Joining us today from 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 31 
 
the management team are Mr. Warren Harris, Chief Executive 
Officer and Managing Director; Ms. Sukanya Sadasivan, Chief 
Transformation Officer; and Mr. Uttam Gujrati, Chief Financial 
Officer. 
 
We will begin today's call with opening remarks from the 
management team, covering the company's performance for 
the quarter and key business highlights followed by a Q&A 
session. Before we proceed, I would like to remind everyone 
that certain statements made during today's call may be 
forward-looking in nature. 
 
These statements should be viewed in conjunction with the 
risks and uncertainties outlined in Slide 2 of our quarterly fact 
sheet, which is available on our website. Our press release, 
financial results and investor presentation have been 
submitted to the stock exchanges and are also available on the 
Investor 
Relations 
section 
of 
our 
website, 
www.tatatechnologies.com. 
We 
trust 
you've 
had 
an 
opportunity to review them. 
 
With that, I now invite Warren to share his opening remarks. 
Over to you, Warren. 
Warren Harris: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining 
us today.  
 
As we begin FY27, I want to be very clear about the way we see 
the year ahead. FY26 was a year of transition and investment 
for Tata Technologies. FY27 is poised to be a breakout year. 
That confidence is not based on aspiration alone. It is based 
on the quality of the demand we are seeing, the strength of our 
order book, the momentum in large-deal conversion, the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 31 
 
visibility we now have across our pipeline, and the operating 
discipline we are bringing to margin expansion and 
productivity improvement. 
 
The first quarter reinforces that view.  
 
For Q1 FY27, total revenue was $175.4 million, representing 
growth of 4.3% quarter-on-quarter and 25.2% year-on-year 
in constant currency. Services revenue was $136.6 million, up 
4.3% quarter-on-quarter and 24.4% year-on-year in 
constant currency, while Technology Solutions revenue was 
$38.8 million, growing 4.2% quarter-on-quarter and 27.9% 
year-on-year in constant currency. Services remains the 
core engine of our business, representing approximately 78% 
of total revenue.  
 
Our operating EBITDA was approximately $28 million, 
translating into an EBITDA margin of 16.1%, an increase of 10 
basis points sequentially. Margin performance during the 
quarter reflected a combination of business mix and the 
deliberate upfront investments required to support the ramp-
up of several large strategic wins. 
 
The external environment remains dynamic. Customers 
continue to be selective in how they allocate engineering 
budgets, particularly across the global automotive value chain. 
But that selectivity is increasingly working in our favour. 
Customers are prioritizing programs that accelerate product 
launches, improve efficiency, reduce cost, strengthen software 
capability and support the transition to intelligent, connected 
software-defined products. That is precisely where Tata 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 31 
 
Technologies has been investing and where our capabilities 
are becoming more relevant. 
 
Over the last 2 years, we have deliberately built a more 
resilient, diversified and future-ready Tata Technologies. We 
have strengthened our customer portfolio, expanded our 
global footprint, deepened our capabilities in high-growth 
technology areas and positioned the company closer to where 
long-term engineering and manufacturing transformation 
spend is moving. 
 
The quality of that growth is equally important.  
 
Automotive remains our largest vertical, but the business is 
becoming healthier and more diversified. Automotive non-
anchor revenue reached $43.9 million, growing 6.7% quarter-
on-quarter and 56.3% year-on-year, reflecting continued 
progress in reducing customer concentration and expanding 
our presence across global OEM. 
 
Beyond automotive, we continue to see encouraging 
momentum in our diversification strategy. Aerospace 
revenue grew to approximately $10.2 million, up 6.4% 
quarter-on-quarter and 38.1% year-on-year, while IHM 
revenue reached approximately $15 million. Together, 
Aerospace and IHM are becoming increasingly meaningful 
contributors to growth and provide additional evidence that 
our diversification strategy is delivering results. 
 
We're also seeing encouraging geographic momentum. Europe 
has become an increasingly important growth engine for the 
business, supported by the successful integration of Es-Tec 
and our growing presence across the region. Q1 revenue from 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 31 
 
Europe reached approximately $67.9 million, representing 
growth of 10.1% quarter-on-quarter and reinforcing our belief 
that the region will remain a significant contributor to future 
expansion. 
 
Germany continues to strengthen from a strategic white space 
to one of our most important growth markets.  
 
Specifically, BMW TechWorks continues to scale successfully 
and has now crossed the milestone of 2,000 engineers. While 
BMW TechWorks is not consolidated into Tata Technologies 
revenue, it remains an important strategic relationship that 
strengthens 
our 
software-led 
engineering 
credentials, 
enhances our access to next-generation mobility programs 
and reinforces our position as a trusted partner to one of the 
world's leading automotive manufacturers. 
 
Let me now turn to deal momentum.  
 
During the quarter, we continued to see strong traction in large 
strategic deal pursuits, reflecting customers' increasing 
willingness to entrust Tata Technologies with business-critical 
transformation initiatives. The most significant win was our 
$100 million strategic engagement with Tenneco, which 
expands our relationship beyond traditional engineering 
services into a multiyear transformation program spanning 
engineering, digital technologies, AI-enabled processes and 
operational modernization. 
 
We also secured a strategic engagement with a leading North 
American industrial equipment manufacturer, expanding our 
role across systems engineering, software engineering and 
embedded software development. The program will leverage 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 31 
 
AI-enabled 
engineering 
methodologies 
to 
improve 
development productivity, accelerate product realization and 
reduce time to market. 
 
In automotive, we deepened our relationship with a leading 
global OEM through a Range Extender Vehicle program that 
draws upon our capabilities across vehicle engineering, 
powertrain integration, validation and systems development. 
In addition, we were selected as a preferred engineering 
partner by a leading off-highway manufacturer to support 
both their new product development and total cost of 
ownership optimization initiatives. 
 
In addition to these new wins, we continue to make strong 
progress 
on 
the 
strategically 
significant 
full 
vehicle 
development program with a leading Japanese automotive 
OEM that we discussed during our previous earnings call. What 
makes this engagement particularly noteworthy is not simply 
its scale, but what it represents. As 
many 
of 
you 
will 
appreciate, Japanese OEMs have historically been highly 
selective in their choice of engineering partners, particularly 
for programs of this strategic importance to be entrusted with 
the complete development of a vehicle program by a 
customer with whom we had no prior relationship in this 
space is a remarkable achievement and, in our view, a powerful 
validation of the capabilities, credibility and value proposition 
that Tata Technologies has built over many years. 
 
This engagement reflects the growing confidence customers 
place in our ability to deliver end-to-end product engineering 
solutions across the entire vehicle lifecycle. It also 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 31 
 
demonstrates that our investments in vehicle engineering, 
software-defined vehicles, systems engineering, validation, 
manufacturing engineering and global delivery capability are 
enabling us to compete for and win some of the most strategic 
programs in the industry. 
 
Collectively, these wins reinforce a clear trend. Customers are 
increasingly engaged in Tata Technologies on larger multiyear 
programs that combine engineering, software, AI and digital 
transformation capabilities to accelerate innovation while 
improving efficiency and competitiveness.  
 
This is why our guidance for FY27 should be viewed with 
confidence. Based on our current visibility, we continue to 
expect strong double-digit organic revenue growth for FY27 
with services as the primary growth engine and margin 
expansion 
supported 
by 
scale, 
utilization, 
delivery 
productivity, 
AI-led 
efficiency 
and 
disciplined 
cost 
management. 
 
AI remains a central pillar of this confidence.  
 
Our AI strategy is built around 4 priorities: transforming service 
delivery, building differentiated offerings, strengthening AI 
partnerships and delivering AI-ready talent. We are anchoring 
this strategy on enterprise-wide adoption with trust and 
responsible AI built in from the start. 
 
Through chromosome.ai, we are codifying decades of 
engineering 
knowledge 
into 
repeatable 
frameworks, 
accelerators and solutions that improve productivity, quality, 
scalability and delivery speed. We see AI as both a margin lever 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 31 
 
and as a strategic differentiator, helping our clients engineer 
better products faster and more efficiently. 
 
Talent is the other half of this equation. Through TechVarsity, 
our internal university, we have delivered over 9,000 learning 
hours 
across 
GenAI, 
software-defined 
vehicles 
and 
cybersecurity this quarter, strengthening capabilities of over 
2,000 employees.  
 
Customer recognition during the quarter has also reinforced 
the progress we are making. Tata Technologies was honored 
with JLR's Visionary Supplier Award in June 2026, recognizing 
our role in supporting JLR's enterprise and manufacturing 
transformation journey across multiple initiatives and 
programs. 
 
In summary, Q1 FY27 confirms that Tata Technologies is 
entering the year with real momentum.  
 
We have stronger visibility on growth. We've delivered 25.2% 
year-on-year revenue growth in Q1, while continuing to 
improve the quality of our portfolio through diversification, 
large deal conversion, strategic customer wins and expanded 
software and AI-led capabilities. 
 
We are scaling in priority areas through initiatives such as Es-
Tec. We are improving diversification through continued 
growth in automotive non-anchor accounts, Aerospace and 
IHM while reducing our dependence on any single customer, 
geography or end market. We are investing in AI as both the 
delivery productivity lever and a differentiated customer 
proposition, and we are translating this growth into margin 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 31 
 
expansion 
through 
productivity, 
utilization, 
operating 
discipline and scale. 
 
With that, let me hand it over to Uttam to take you through the 
financial performance in more detail. Thank you. 
Uttam Gujrati: 
Thank you, Warren, and good day. Thank you for joining us all. 
Building on the business update shared by Warren, I will now 
walk you through our financial performance for the first quarter 
of FY27 and discuss the key drivers underpinning our results. 
 
I am pleased to note that the growth momentum we had 
established in the second half of FY26 has continued in Q1 with 
Services segment growing 6.3% Q-o-Q in INRand 4.3% in 
constant currency to INR 1,297 crores. 
 
The Technology Solutions segment saw sequential revenue 
growth of 4.3%, led by our education business, which saw 9.1% 
growth, while the product business saw a degrowth of 2.6%, 
primarily due to seasonality as it typically experiences strong 
demand in the final quarter of the calendar year. 
 
As a result, aggregate revenues increased 5.9% Q-o-Q in INR 
and 4.3% in constant currency to INR 1,665 crores.  
 
I'm particularly pleased with the quality of our revenue growth 
this quarter, which once again underscores the diversified and 
resilient nature of our business mix. While Warren touched 
upon some of these trends, let me add a few data points that 
further highlight the strength and balance of our portfolio. 
 
Within automotive, our non-anchor business continued to 
grow at a healthy pace, reflecting our success in broadening 
customer relationships and diversifying revenue streams. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 31 
 
Resultantly, the contribution from anchor accounts to our 
services revenue reduced to 48.9% in Q1, an improvement of 
150 basis points sequentially. This continued diversification 
enhances the resilience of our revenue profile, while creating a 
broader base for future growth. 
 
We also saw encouraging momentum in our embedded and 
software business, which grew 8.5% Q-o-Q in dollar terms. The 
strong growth in embedded and software not only reflects the 
increasing software content in vehicles, but also positions us 
well to capitalize on the long-term industry shift towards 
connected, autonomous and software-defined mobility 
solutions.  
 
We maintained strong operating discipline during the quarter 
with operating expenses increasing 5.8%, slightly below 
revenue growth of 5.9%. Resultantly, EBITDA grew 6.1% 
sequentially to INR267 crores, while EBITDA margin improved 
10 basis points Q-o-Q to 16.1%.  
 
Margin 
performance 
during 
the 
quarter 
reflected 
a 
combination of business mix and strategic investments to 
support future growth. Our services business delivered a 
healthy 120 basis points improvement in gross margins, which 
was partly offset by 250 basis points decline in Technology 
Solutions margins, resulting in an unfavourable mix impact. 
 
In addition, several large strategic engagements and full 
vehicle programs entered the mobilization phase during Q1, 
requiring upfront investments in talent, ramp-up, capability 
development, transition activities and delivery readiness 
ahead of revenues reaching steady state levels. While these 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 31 
 
investments created some near-term margin dilution, they are 
critical to successfully scaling these multiyear programs and 
capturing the growth opportunity ahead. 
 
We are also navigating some temporary headwinds within 
parts of our Germany business as certain customers work 
through restructuring and cost optimization initiatives. As we 
implement annual wage increase in Q2, we expect to absorb 
the associated cost impact, while still delivering sequential 
margin improvement through operational discipline and 
execution. While these factors may moderate the pace of 
margin expansion in near term, they do not alter our 
confidence in long-term opportunity. 
 
Overall, our confidence in the growth outlook has strengthened 
materially. As we move to FY27, we will continue to balance 
investments required to capture this opportunity with our 
commitment to margin improvement. We remain confident 
that 
prioritizing 
high-value 
turnkey 
and 
end-to-end 
engineering engagements today will create greater long-term 
value, while supporting our medium-term margin ambitions. 
 
Our operating profit or EBIT increased by 8.3% sequentially, 
reaching to INR 239 crores.  
 
Our partnership with BMW continues to scale well. BMW 
TechWorks has now crossed a key milestone of 2,000 
engineers and continues to strengthen our credentials in 
software-led automotive engineering, while expanding our 
participation in next-generation mobility programs. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 31 
 
 
In Q1, our share of profit from the joint venture increased 43.5% 
Q-o-Q to INR 9.5 crores, and the total contribution stood at 
INR 17.8 crores, including the deferred income of INR8.3 crores.  
 
Other income increased 19.3% Q-o-Q to INR 36.9 crores, 
driven largely by a profit on sale of investments. 
 
Profit before tax for the quarter was INR 252 crores compared 
to INR 283 crores in the previous quarter. It is important to note 
that Q4 included a onetime reversal of the provision related to 
the new Labour Code. Excluding this nonrecurring benefit, our 
underlying profitability improved meaningfully with PBT 
increasing 10.8% Q-o-Q and PAT growing 11.3% sequentially to 
INR 181 crores. 
 
Maintaining a strong balance sheet with robust liquidity is a 
key focus for us. At the end of Q1, the net cash position stood 
at INR 880 crores, while the DSO remained stable at 97 days, 
reflecting healthy collection efficiency. Our billed DSO came in 
at 65 days compared with 59 days in Q4, while the unbilled 
DSO were at 32 days compared with 36 days in Q4. 
 
Moving on to the operational metrics, the highlights are as 
follows: 
 
 
Our total headcount stood at 12,579 associates at the end of 
Q1, representing a net reduction of 67 employees or 0.5% 
sequentially. This primarily reflects a continued optimization 
of our delivery capacity with a balanced approach towards 
managing the mix between full-time employees and 
outsourced resources. As demand conditions continue to 
improve and deal momentum strengthens, we remain 
disciplined and selective in our hiring, focusing investments on 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 31 
 
strategic skill areas and growth priorities. This approach 
enables us to align talent deployment with client demand while 
maintaining operational efficiency and supporting future 
growth.  
 
Our talent metrics continue to remain healthy with trailing 12 
months voluntary attrition declining to 16%, an improvement 
of 20 basis points year-over-year. This reflects the strength of 
our employee value proposition, investments in learning, 
career development and our efforts to provide employees 
with opportunities to work on leading-edge engineering and 
digital transformation programs. We 
remain 
focused 
on 
attracting, developing and retaining high-quality talent as we 
prepare for our next phase of growth.  
 
Building a future-ready workforce remains central to our 
strategy as we scale in high-growth areas such as embedded 
software, software-defined vehicles, cybersecurity, digital 
engineering and AI-led engineering services. Our learning 
ecosystem continued to gain traction with over 20,000 
training hours delivered to 3,000-plus employees this quarter. 
TechVarsity continues to be an important enabler of this 
capacity 
building 
journey, 
having 
conducted 
90-plus 
programs, including focused technical learning across 40-plus 
niche skills areas.  
 
In summary, as we look ahead, we remain encouraged by the 
healthier customer engagement levels we are seeing across 
our key markets and by a constructive demand environment 
that 
continues 
to 
support 
strategic 
investments 
in 
engineering, digital transformation and next-generation 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 31 
 
mobility. 
While 
we 
remain 
mindful 
of 
the 
evolving 
macroeconomic backdrop, our focus remains firmly on 
disciplined execution, operational excellence and prudent 
capital allocation. These priorities, together with our diversified 
business mix and resilient margins, position us well to capture 
emerging opportunities and continuing to invest in capabilities 
that strengthen our long-term competitiveness. Above all, our 
commitment remains unchanged to create a sustainable value 
for all our stakeholders, including customers, employees, 
shareholders and partners through consistent execution and 
profitable growth. 
 
Thank you, and we can now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator 
Our first question comes from the line of Jyoti Singh with 
Haitong. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on the good 
execution and also on the Tenneco deal. So, sir, largely, I 
wanted to understand that you reiterated double-digit organic 
growth for '27 after delivering a very strong number in Q1. So, 
does this imply some moderation in H2 or has the visibility 
actually improved further since the beginning of the quarter? 
Warren Harris: 
Thanks for that question, Jyoti. I think, when we began the fiscal 
year, we referenced double digits, our expectations for 
double-digit growth. I think in the narrative that we've 
surrounded the Q1 results, we've referred to strong confidence 
in double-digit growth. 
 
So, I think that as we've gone through the quarter, given deal 
signings, given momentum, given the engagement that we've 
got with customers, our confidence has only grown. So, we do 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 31 
 
not see a tapering of growth in the second half of the year. We 
actually see growth accelerating as we move through the 
quarters of this fiscal. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Understood. And second question, are you seeing any OEMs 
shifting engineering budgets away from EV platform toward 
hybrid or ICE refresh program over the last 3 months? And how 
is the demand we are getting from Europe and U.S. 
Warren Harris: 
Yes. I think a great question. And certainly, we have, over the 
last couple of years, start to see the investments in EVs 
tapering and a much more balanced proposition as far as 
propulsion options that our customers are building and 
investing in. And that's great news for Tata Technologies 
because as far as propulsion is concerned, we're agnostic. We 
are, at the moment, delivering work packages and full vehicles 
in the ICE, in the hybrid, plugged hybrid and full BEV arenas. 
 
And again, the key driver to the improvement that we've seen 
is that over the last kind of 18 months, demand has been 
somewhat compromised by the tariff announcements and 
again, that tapering of EV demand in geographies like the 
United States. We're seeing those periods now start to come 
to an end, clarity being provided for the customers that we're 
working with. And based upon that clarity, investments are 
being made, and we are very pleased that we've been on the 
right side of that. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ravi 
Menon with Axis Capital. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 31 
 
Ravi Menon: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Congrats on a really good 
quarter. One of you can as a kind of optimism of infectious. I 
just wanted to understand, I mean, what's really underpinning 
this because most of your peers who are the specialists seem 
to be singing quite a different tune. So, is this about your client 
portfolio being different, the service portfolio being different 
or are you being a lot more diversified with clients or is this 
about involvement in new hybrid platforms? What's actually 
the reason why your outlook seems very different compared 
to the peers? 
Warren Harris: 
Yes. Great question, Ravi. And I think what's really playing out 
is essentially the thesis around which we are investing and 
growing the company. For some time, we have believed that as 
the clock speed of technology change accelerates, we think 
that our customers and the market will increasingly shrink their 
focus on to the things that are core to the DNA of their brand, 
and they will increasingly look to outsource. 
 
And I think the propensity to outsource will be positioned 
predominantly for those organizations like ourselves that have 
demonstrated over many, many years, our ability to be able to 
take on turnkey responsibility for complete work packages and 
complete products. And that's really where we are seeing the 
tailwinds that we are currently intersecting with. 
 
And I think one of the associated points that I'd make is that 
when a customer of ours makes a decision to outsource a 
complete product, that decision is typically made at the top 
end of that customer hierarchy. So it's typically made within 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 31 
 
the C-suite. So, it's the Chief Exec, it's the Head of Engineering 
or it's the CTO. 
 
Those relationships that we've cultivated over many, many 
years give us the opportunity to not only influence product 
engineering decisions, but also all outsourcing decisions. And 
so we are seeing a broad-based improvement in demand. It's 
certainly very much predicated upon the outsourcing of full 
vehicles. 
 
But the halo effect of that and the influence that, that affords 
us has given us the opportunity to grow in a relatively broad-
based way. As Uttam pointed out, we've seen growth not just 
in terms of engineering, but also in embedded software and 
also in digital. And again, I think those represent proof points 
of the principles that I've just shared. 
Ravi Menon: 
Great. Thanks so much for a detailed answer. You spoke about 
how it's turnkey engagements. So, can I think about the AI 
impact as not being really deflationary for you? Is that 
something that you're seeing? Because what kind of impact 
that you're seeing at all on pricing? 
Warren Harris: 
Yes. Great question, Ravi. I think one of the things that is 
underpinning our value proposition on the full product space 
is our ability to be able to deliver China speed and China cost 
at the quality standards that the global automotive market 
expects. Now we're doing that because we've had a footprint 
in China for more than a decade now. 
 
And so, we understand the players. We understand how they 
do things. But we've been able to capitalize that experience 
through the investments that we're making in AI. And so, the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 31 
 
contribution that AI is making to us is really a force multiplier 
in terms of productivity and a force multiplier in terms of being 
able to do things that are increasingly difficult, not just for the 
competition, but also in part for the industry at large. 
 
If you look at many of the Western OEMs, they're still 
developing vehicles at between 36 and 48 months. We are 
routinely and have demonstrated this consistently able to 
develop full vehicles and top hats anywhere between 18 
months and 24 months. And again, we've demonstrated that, 
and we've got vehicles on the road today that are, again, proof 
points against those claims. 
Ravi Menon: 
Great, thanks. So, then we can just say that we shouldn't think 
of the volume of work is constant. Can we just think of that as 
the product cycles are accelerating, but that's the real net 
impact of AI and that we shouldn't just think of that as shrinking 
the pie, right? 
Warren Harris: 
I think that's a great way to summarize it. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks so much, Warren. And Uttam, one clarification on the 
technology product side, the margins are lower. What's the 
reason for that this quarter? 
Uttam Gujrati: 
So basically, that's a mix impact that we are seeing in the 
Technology Solutions business. The education business grew 
faster than the product piece in it. And this disproportionate 
growth mix change within the two led to the declines in the 
margins. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks so much. Best of luck. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 31 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Mayank 
Babla with Carnelian AMC. Please go ahead. 
Mayank Babla: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. Am I audible? 
Moderator; 
Yes sir, you’re audible. Please proceed. 
Mayank Babla: 
So first of all, congratulations to Warren, Uttam and Vijay for a 
great set of numbers and great execution. You have outdone 
yourself. So, congratulations at first. My question first to 
Warren is you announced the Tenneco deal and one full vehicle 
program in Q1. Now last quarter, you had mentioned that you 
were positive on closing 2 full vehicle programs in the next 8 
to 12 weeks, out of which 1 you have already closed.  
 
And I'm sure given the confident tone that you're speaking 
with, you will be closing the second one soon. But could you 
give us a sense of how many such full vehicle programs do you 
have in pipeline now at this point in time that you are confident 
of closing in? 
Warren Harris: 
Well, thank you for the generous comments, first and foremost. 
I think as you picked up, our confident tone is really informed 
by the momentum that we continue to build in and around deal 
signings -- large deal signings and specifically full vehicles. 
We've pointed in the narrative and the press release that we've 
accompanied the Q1 numbers or at least the deck that we 
published.  
 
We've pointed to a number of large deals. But that's not an 
exclusive list. And so, we have closed additional business, and 
we've taken that momentum into the second quarter. So, I'm 
not at liberty to give you too many details in terms of customer 
names or the size of these deals. And hopefully, we'll be able to 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 31 
 
share more at the end of Q2. But rest assured, the deal 
momentum continues to build. And it's that, that really gives 
us renewed confidence in the guidance that we've previously 
shared. 
Mayank Babla: 
Sure, sure. My second question is in 2 parts. The first part to 
Uttam, if you could give us the Aerospace revenue and the Q-
o-Q and Y-o-Y performance in this quarter. And then the 
second part, I'll address to Warren, is that if you could give us 
some outlook? I know you don't give guidance, but 
qualitatively, if you could give us a direction of how big this 
vertical can be so that we can get a grip on the size and scale 
of opportunity, especially given that Airbus has announced a 
new clean-sheet program last year. So yes, these were the 2-
part questions. 
Uttam Gujrati: 
So, let me go with the Aerospace piece first. Our Aerospace 
revenues grew to approximately $10.2 million. This was up 6.4% 
Q-o-Q and 38.1% Y-o-Y. And the second question, what you 
had was... 
Warren Harris: 
It relates to what the potential can be for the Aerospace 
vertical. I think we have consistently messaged in the last 
couple of years our confidence in scaling this vertical at a 
faster rate than the automotive sector. And that's driven by a 
number of different things. It's been driven by the fact that 
we've been able to secure an involvement in Airbus' strategic 
supplier outsourcing list. It's been informed by the investments 
that the Tata Group is making in Aerospace. 
 
It's informed by the fact that the demand for air travel is 
increasingly being centered upon Southeast Asia and 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 31 
 
specifically here in India, and by association, the fact that there 
is going to be a significant amount of infrastructure investment 
in things like MRO capabilities and assembly and build 
capabilities here. 
 
So, the growth that we've seen in the last 4, 5 years, which I 
think has represented a CAGR of about 40%. I think that is a 
CAGR that we can continue. And I certainly think in the next 
couple of 3 years, I think that we can trend very successfully 
towards the $100 million target for Aerospace. Now how 
quickly we get there will depend upon a number of factors. 
 
But I think that we've cemented not only the relationship with 
Airbus, but with key components of Airbus’s supply chain. And 
we've also been able to build very strong relationship with 
some of the propulsion players in North America. So, the 
growth now is not just predicated upon a single customer. It's 
much more broad-based and by association, it's much 
healthier. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ankur 
Pant with IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Pant: 
Hi, Warren. Hi, Uttam. Congratulations on a good set of results. 
So, my first question is picking on Warren statement that you 
expect growth to accelerate towards the second half of the 
year. So, when you say accelerate, does it mean that from the... 
Moderator: 
Really sorry to interrupt. Ankur sir, your voice is slightly muffled. 
Ankur Pant: 
Is it better now? 
Moderator: 
This is much better. Yes, sir. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 31 
 
Ankur Pant: 
Yes. So, I'll repeat my question. My question is that Warren 
highlighted that he expects an acceleration in growth towards 
the second half of the year. So just wanted to understand that 
we've achieved 4.3% growth this quarter. Is that the 
benchmark that we are using to say that the growth would be 
accelerated in 2H? That is my first question. 
Warren Harris: 
I think we will maintain guidance in terms of double-digit 
growth. And I think in terms of the quantum of growth that we 
will drive in Q2, Q3 and Q4, in part will be driven by the ramp-
up of the deals that we have closed. And our ability to ramp up 
is dependent not just upon the teams that we can mobilize, 
but also the readiness of our customers and the investments 
that need to be made in infrastructure. I expect growth to be 
much greater in the second half of the year than in the first half 
of the year. But how that spreads across the quarters will be 
predicated upon the factors that I just referred. 
Ankur Pant: 
And the other question is, given the investments that we are 
making on the wage hikes that are coming up in 2Q, do we see 
the same, are we sticking to the same guidance that we said in 
the past of 18% EBITDA margins by 4Q of the year? Or does 
that also change given in the light of the investment? 
Uttam Gujrati: 
So, as I said, rather than focusing on any specific margin 
milestone, we would emphasize that we are materially more 
confident on our growth trajectory that we are seeing. Given 
the strong demand and the healthy deal momentum, we would 
seek 
this 
opportunity 
to 
accelerate 
growth 
without 
compromising on our ambition of quarter-over-quarter 
margin expansion. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 31 
 
 
As also mentioned in my initial remarks, the quarter 2 
profitability outlook will continue to see quarter-over-quarter 
growth, which should take care of our -- the point that you just 
outlined about the salary increases. So, our quarter-over-
quarter expansion would continue. 
Ankur Pant: 
Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from Dev Gulwani with 
Care PMS. Please go ahead. 
Dev Gulwani: 
Now that the Es-Tec acquisition in BMW JV has been more 
than a few quarters, has company started cross-selling 
additional services to customers like Volkswagen and BMW? 
And how do you expect this to contribute to revenue going 
forward? 
Warren Harris: 
The short answer is yes. And we've been very pleased with the 
momentum, both at BMW and at VW. Obviously, the Es-Tec 
acquisition was only completed in November of last year. And 
so, the cross-selling is at a less mature stage than we're seeing 
at BMW. But one of the things that we've been really pleased 
about is that as part of the building of the partnership with 
BMW and as part of the due diligence we did at Es-Tec, we 
took the opportunity to sanity check our strategy with the 
leadership teams of both of those companies. And so again, 
that's provided us with access. It's provided us with influence. 
 
And because of the increasingly good standing of BMW 
TechWorks, our JV with BMW, that's affording us doors to be 
opened and influence to be had directly, which we are fully 
harvesting. And notwithstanding the challenges and the 
restructuring that VW is going through, we always believed 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 31 
 
that the platform that we've established with Es-Tec will 
support not just direct business through Es-Tec, but 
increasingly the strategy of VW to balance their R&D 
concentration across different geographies. And again, part of 
the pipeline that we are building is very much consistent with 
that. 
Dev Gulwani: 
Okay. And this is for Mr. Uttam, can you provide the revenue 
contribution of Es-Tec in Q1 FY27? I think I missed this. 
Uttam Gujrati: 
We do not provide specific details around the acquisitions. 
The larger business compositions and details have already 
been shared. So, we would want to stick to that. 
Dev Gulwani: 
Okay. And you mentioned that software-enabled solutions 
grew by 8.5% Q-o-Q. Can you provide the absolute numbers 
for this quarter for the software solutions? 
Uttam Gujrati: 
While I would do the same thing as you would do, we can 
calculate it. We have the total numbers with us. 
Dev Gulwani: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Your next question comes from Vaibhav Chechani with TCG 
AMC. Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav Chechani: 
Yes. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. So, my 
question is around Tenneco deal win. So, this is a big deal win 
market deal win for us. So, is it like a new deal win with the 
existing clients that we have done? And what sort of work we 
would be doing here because it contains business process 
transformation. So, would that be right to assume that more 
sort of offshore nature deals it would be? And the ramp-up, so 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 25 of 31 
 
when will the ramp up? And will that be needing any more 
subcontracting in this? And then the selection criteria? 
Warren Harris: 
Thanks, Vaibhav, and a great question. And I was hoping that 
somebody would ask about Tenneco because it's something I 
wanted to really celebrate. It is a milestone transaction for us. 
We've been working with Tenneco in the engineering space for 
the best part of 6 years. We established a relationship with 
them during the pandemic. And we have really cemented a 
very strong and strategic relationship with the senior 
leadership team at Tenneco. 
 
Tenneco, as you probably might know, was a listed company 
in the United States, and then Apollo bought them out a couple 
of, I think, almost 3 years ago now and are accelerating a 
significant restructuring and transformation that has already 
delivered significant improvements in the financial results of 
that company. 
 
We are engaging with them, not just in engineering, but in areas 
such as program management and supply chain development, 
process optimization and the work that they're doing in and 
around their digital transformation. The deal was celebrated 
and won last quarter. We are beginning execution in the 
second quarter, and we will ramp through this fiscal year. 
 
I think that it's an important deal for us, not just because of the 
revenue that it represents, but because I think it represents a 
blueprint of what is likely to go on within the manufacturing 
space going forward. I think the joint venture with BMW is a 
best practice demonstration of how to stand up a GCC. And I 
think that will influence other OEMs. And I think what we've 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 26 of 31 
 
done with Tenneco will really position a great example and a 
blueprint for what will happen within the extended supply 
chain. 
 
And so, for us, these deals are not just, again, important in 
terms of the contribution that they represent to growth, 
they're incredibly important in terms of the demonstration of 
the strategic nature of the relationships that we are building 
and also the direction that we believe that deals like this will 
provide as a signal to the rest of the industry. 
Vaibhav Chechani: 
Okay. And when can we expect when the deal will be 
ramping up? And are we expecting any increased cost for the 
deal ramp-up? 
Warren Harris: 
We will start ramping up in the second quarter, and we will look 
to scale towards the end of the calendar year and as we finish 
this fiscal year and move into the next. It's a 5-year deal, and 
there is a certain small element of renewal in terms of existing 
business because we're wrapping that into the deal, but the 
majority of this deal is new business. 
 
And so certainly, there is capacity that we will be discharging 
from within the company. But as we go through the ramp-up, 
we will certainly be bringing in additional headcount, which by 
association will represent additional cost. 
Vaibhav Chechani: 
Okay. And the last part to it is, what is the count of 
people we are having with BMW? And are we sharing any profit 
from the JVs in this quarter? Thank you. 
Uttam Gujrati: 
Yes. As we mentioned, the headcount in our BMW TechWorks 
has crossed the key milestone of 2,000 engineers. So that will 
continue as the entity grows. In terms of our share of profit, as 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 27 of 31 
 
I already outlined, it stands at INR 9.5 crores for Q1. And if I 
include the deferred income piece of INR 8.3 crores, the total 
contribution from the JV for quarter one stands at INR17.8 
crores. 
Vaibhav Chechani: 
Thank you. Sorry, I miss that part. Yeah, thank you.  
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Puneet Lineswala 
with Winvestments. 
Puneet Lineswala: Hi, Warren. Hi to the entire team. And once again, 
congratulations for the great numbers and delivered as 
committed. I had a question regarding to the non-Tata Motors 
segment of business, which we have like in the Tata Group 
itself, but excluding Tata Motors. So, if you could throw some 
light on the business from Tata Advanced Systems, that would 
be great? 
Warren Harris: 
We're not going to talk about any specific customers. But what 
I will say is that the growth outside of our anchor accounts is 
scaling and expanding faster than the growth with our anchor 
customers. So that is very much a part of our diversification 
strategy, and we expect that to continue certainly medium to 
long-term. There may be some spikes during different 
quarters as we secure different program opportunities on both 
sides of that particular challenge. 
 
I mentioned in my opening comments, the pride that I have in 
what we're seeing in automotive outside of the group. We grew 
that 6.7% quarter-on-quarter and 56% year-on-year, which I 
think, again, is a great testament to our teams, to the 
relationships that we've got, and the fact that we stuck with it 
during a pause in investments, that some of our customers 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 28 of 31 
 
were making as they were grappling to come to terms with 
tariffs and the slowing of the EV transition. So, we're very, very 
pleased with the bounce back that we've seen there and the 
growing momentum that we're building. 
Puneet Lineswala: My next question was to get an understanding about the 
trajectory ahead and the overall business. I just wanted to 
understand what are your learnings from the previous couple 
of years, that you would like to optimize moving ahead? 
Warren Harris: 
That's a great question, and it's part of what we're grappling 
with. I think, if I look at learnings for the past, particularly in 
terms of full vehicles, we did a lot of business with new energy 
vehicle companies like VinFast and NIO when it was first 
launched in China. And the great news for us in terms of the 
experience that we had with those companies is that it 
exposed us to a great deal of innovation, product innovation, 
process innovation and speed to market innovation. 
 
But I think one of the challenges that it represented for us is 
that, that space is relatively volatile in terms of demand. They 
typically invest in product. They then look to test the market. 
And dependent upon the success of the product in the 
market, they then invest in follow-on products. And whilst, 
again, those relationships have been important to us and have 
taught us a great deal. They've been challenging in terms of the 
consistency and the predictability of revenue. 
 
So, one of the things that we've really focused upon in the last 
2 years is delivering that same value proposition to the 
traditional OEMs. And there, we see demand being much more 
consistent, much more stable, and we see our ability to move 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 29 of 31 
 
from one program to another with the same and increased 
headcount in a way that's always very difficult to do in the new 
energy vehicle space. 
 
So, I think the quality of revenue is something that we've 
worked very, very hard to improve. And much of the work that 
we've done has been informed by the experience that we've 
had in those different areas. I trust that answers the question. 
Puneet Lineswala: Thank you so much. I'm really happy you answered those 
questions really well, and you have my confidence as an 
investor moving forward. 
Warren Harris: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Karan Uppal from 
Phillip Capital (India). Please go ahead. 
Karan Uppal: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted to check within 
automotive, how much is the contribution of anchor and non-
anchor at this point of time? I'm not sure if you have shared 
this number in the call as well? 
Uttam Gujrati: 
So, of our overall non-anchor from our Services business 
stands at about roughly 49%. And if I look at the distribution of 
my non-anchor business within the total automotive, it is 
about 36%. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. So, one in terms of the outlook for this year, double-digit 
growth, how are you factoring in the growth within anchor and 
non-anchor? How is the growth outlook within these two sub-
segments? That is one. And second is in terms of the non-
anchor how much is the contribution between US and Europe 
OEMs? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 30 of 31 
 
Warren Harris: 
I think the good news for us is that the growth is relatively 
broad-based, from both in terms of anchor and non-anchor 
and also geography. The Tenneco deal, for instance, is a US 
deal. And so that will certainly make a major contribution to 
our growth in that geography. 
 
So, I think the growth is relatively consistent. We are seeing an 
uptick despite some of the headwinds associated with the 
performance challenges that some of the German OEMs have 
got. We've seen an uptick in Germany. We expect that to 
continue. We are very much -- we're very pleased with the 
momentum in Scandinavia. I think we've shared with investors 
in the past the fact that we were successful in securing a 
position within the consolidated strategic supply chain of 
Volvo, and that is seeing our revenues with that customer 
scale. 
 
The Japanese OEM win that we celebrated last quarter, and 
we're now scaling up is starting to provide opportunity for us 
to address that white space geography for Tata Technologies. 
We've not done a great deal in Japan in the past. So not only is 
that win a sizable win, it's also a very strategically important 
win for us. So, a relatively long-winded answer to the question, 
but I think net-net, it's broad-based and relatively consistent 
across the different ways in which we measure our revenues. 
Karan Uppal: 
Got it. Got it. And the second part of the question. The non-
anchor part of it, what is the contribution of US versus 
European? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 31 of 31 
 
Warren Harris: 
We don't break it out at a sector level. But the revenue mix of 
our company today is relatively, again, balanced between the 
three major regions: Asia, Europe and North America. 
Karan Uppal: 
Got it. Thanks a lot. And all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last 
question for today. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Prateek Rampuria for closing comments. 
Prateek Rampuria: Thank you, everyone, for joining Tata Technologies Q1 FY27 
earnings conference call. We appreciate your continued 
interest and engagement. We hope the management 
discussion and Q&A have addressed your key queries. If you 
have any further questions, please feel free to reach out to the 
Investor Relations team, and we will be happy to assist. Thank 
you once again for your participation. Operator, you may now 
close. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Tata 
Technologies Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you, everyone, for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
 
 
