          CIN NO: L63040DL2005PLC463461 
 
 
 
 
August 19, 2026 
 
Listing Manager,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051, India  
Symbol: YATRA  
ISIN No.: INE0JR601024 
Manager - CRD 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001, India  
Scrip Code: 543992 
ISIN No.: INE0JR601024 
 
Sub: Intimation – Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2026.  
 
The above information will also be made available on the website of the Company at www.yatra.com.  
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking You,  
Yours sincerely,  
 
For Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Jyoti Chawla 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A20392 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
Digitally signed by JYOTI CHAWLA
DN: C=IN, O=Personal, T=6123, 
OID.2.5.4.65=1w8or2t9avyph67xq5sgzl04imfc3ebd, 
Phone=443013635751630f7ff526bec7d859e230d5eb
e51dd54bd3a8908120634feb00, 
PostalCode=122101, S=Haryana, 
SERIALNUMBER=a5bd3783836403062fbf96c3995c
7ee719161d698efddbe7d2efb862ed566718, 
CN=JYOTI CHAWLA
Reason: I am the author of this document
Location: your signing location here
Date: 2026.08.19 17:59:55+05'30'
Foxit PDF Reader Version: 11.2.2
JYOTI 
CHAWLA

 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Yatra Online Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earning Conference Call” 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DHRUV SHRINGI – EXECUTIVE CHAIRPERSON AND 
WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – YATRA ONLINE LIMITED 
 
MR. SIDDHARTHA GUPTA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – YATRA ONLINE LIMITED 
 
MR. ANUJ SETHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
YATRA ONLINE LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MS. SAGARIKA CHETTY – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Yatra Online Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note, that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Sagarika Chetty from Antique Stock Broking Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Sagarika Chetty: 
Hi. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, we welcome 
you all to the Q1 FY27 Earnings Call for Yatra Online Limited. Today, we have with us the 
management of the company represented by Mr. Dhruv Shringi, Executive Chairperson and 
Whole-Time Director; CEO, Mr. Siddhartha Gupta and Chief Financial Officer, Anuj Sethi. 
Thank you all for joining. 
 
Over to you, Dhruv, Siddhartha and Anuj sir. 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Thank you, Sagarika, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on this conference 
call to discuss our first quarter fiscal year ended 2027 earnings. 
As you might have seen in social media and our marketing campaigns, we recently completed 
20 years of taking Yatra -- taking Indians to work and -- helping Indians get off from work as 
well. An accomplishment we are extremely proud of. As we look back, I would like to reflect 
on a few of the key strengths that have shaped Yatra over the past 2 decades. 
First, the trust in our brand from over 1,000-plus corporate customers and millions of retail 
customers; second, our technology capabilities and third, the resilience of our business model. 
Over this period, our brand has become synonymous with online travel in India. This trust has 
won us numerous consumer accolades and continues to drive a high degree of repeat usage and 
direct traffic onto our platform. Our corporate customer base also continues to rise consistently 
with retention rates in excess of 97%. 
For nearly 20 years, technology has been at the core of our business, enabling us to continuously 
evolve with the changing needs of travelers and enterprises. Over this period, we have built and 
refined a comprehensive travel technology ecosystem covering booking, travel management, 
expense management, automation and analytics, which support more than 1,300 large and 
midsized enterprise customers across India. And now with our partnership with Kanoo Travel, 
we will be extending our reach into the Middle East as well. 
We believe the capabilities we have built over the last two decades provide a strong foundation 
for the next phase of Yatra's AI-driven growth as AI becomes an integral layer across our 
platform, making travel simpler for users, smarter for enterprises and more efficient for our own 
operations. We believe that AI can fundamentally change the economics of managed travel. AI 
is automating routine workflows, surfacing saving opportunities in real time, improving policy 
compliance at the point of booking and accelerating expense reconciliation. 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
As a result, companies are able to handle higher transaction volumes with fewer manual touch 
points, reducing cost leakages for their customers and unlocking better operating leverage as 
they scale. Our own investments are firmly aligned with these trends. We are embedding AI 
into search, recommendations and conversational interfaces so that travelers can find the right 
options faster and with less friction while staying within policy. 
We are also using AI and machine learning to automate service interactions, flag out of policy 
or anomalous spend earlier and provide travel and finance leaders with richer, more actionable 
insights into their programs. In practical terms, this translates into a better user experience, 
stronger compliance for our corporate clients, lower cost to serve and a more scalable operating 
model for us. 
We believe AI will increasingly be a structural advantage in travel management for us, not just 
enhancing the customer journey, but also improving margins and returns for our businesses. As 
we deepen these capabilities across Yatra's platform, we see a clear opportunity to drive both 
sustainable top line growth and continued improvement in our operating efficiency overtime. 
Let me now turn to the broader travel backdrop. The travel industry has gone through a period 
of disruption over the last few months. International travel was particularly impacted with the 
West Asia conflict disrupting air connectivity and affecting MICE activities. 
At the same time, we are operating in a structurally expanding market. India's overall online 
travel market is expected to grow at a high-single to low-double-digit CAGR over the next 
several years, outpacing many global peers, supported by rising disposable income, rapid digital 
adoption and improving air and rail connectivity across Tier II, Tier III cities. 
During this period, while international travel has got impacted to a certain extent, domestic 
travel has remained resilient despite global challenges. Air passenger traffic in India grew 
around 2.3% year-over-year in the period, driven by a young, increasingly affluent and mobile 
population that is prioritizing travel and experiences over other discretionary goods. 
We are also seeing sustained growth in non-air categories such as hotels as travelers look for 
short-haul getaways and value for money options. Outbound and international travel have seen 
more mixed trends. The West Asia conflict and rerouting of flights led to higher airfares, longer 
routes and uncertainty around certain long-haul destinations, which weighed on outbound 
sentiment. 
Industry-wide inquiries for some international destinations declined by, roughly 10% to 15% 
during the period. At the same time, the medium-term outlook for outbound travel from India 
remains very robust with multiple industry reports projecting low-teens growth in outbound 
spend over the next decade as more Indians travel overseas for leisure, business and education. 
As visa regimes ease, connectivity improves and new destinations ramp up capacity targeted at 
Indian travelers, we see a long runway for growth in this segment. Our discussions with the 
foreign tourism boards also supports these views with many foreign tourism boards keenly 
awaiting the normalization of the situation to initiate joint marketing campaigns to stimulate 
demand. 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Given our higher business mix of international travel and MICE, these near-term headwinds 
have had a disproportionate impact on our business. However, based on past cycles and what 
we are already seeing in the market, we expect this to recover quickly as the macro environment 
stabilizes. As we have seen in the past, revenge travel following periods of disruption has been 
very strong and prompt, both in India and globally, and we expect it to be the same this time 
around as well. 
In fact, we are already seeing early signs of this in our own numbers, given that in the first half 
of the current quarter, which is quarter two, our MICE bookings are already trending at 
approximately 50% higher than Q1. 
Importantly, if we step back from these temporary factors, the underlying travel opportunity in 
India continues to strengthen. Rising disposable income, improving airport and road 
infrastructure, growing preference for experiences are supporting greater demand for domestic 
tourism, while corporate mobility is being supported by continued economic growth and 
investments. 
Importantly, the shift from offline to online travel still has a long way to go. Online channels 
currently account for a small proportion of overall travel spends, especially when it comes to 
business travel and are expected to grow meaningfully faster than the broader market over the 
coming years. 
Against this backdrop, our Q1 performance reflects the resilience of our franchise and the 
benefits of our diversified model. Despite the challenging external environment, gross bookings 
increased 17% year-over-year to INR21,007 million. Gross margin increased to INR1,227 
million. Total transactions grew 12% and air passenger volumes increased 5%, roughly double 
the industry growth, reflecting further market share gains. 
Our corporate business also continues to demonstrate strong traction. During the quarter, we 
added 53 new corporate customers with an expected annual billable potential of INR2,223 
million. This provides a healthy pipeline of incremental business as these accounts progressively 
ramp up. 
We believe this is where Yatra's differentiated positioning becomes particularly relevant. Our 
diversified business model across corporate and consumer travel, air and hotel and other travel 
services, combined with our strong corporate relationships, extensive domestic hotel supply and 
technology-led platform give us a strong foundation to capture the growing travel opportunity 
in India. 
As the market continues to shift towards organized and online travel and as outbound demand 
normalizes from the current geopolitical disruption, we believe we are well positioned to benefit 
from this structural transition and to deliver sustainable profitable growth. 
With this, I now hand it over to our CEO, Siddhartha Gupta, for further commentary. Sid? 
Siddhartha Gupta: 
Thank you so much, Dhruv. Building on Dhruv's comments, I want to spend a few moments on 
something that has been fundamental to Yatra throughout our journey, which is our ability to 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
innovate, adapt and continually rethink how travel should work. Over the last two decades, the 
travel industry has been reshaped repeatedly. 
Through each period of disruption, our response has not simply been to manage the immediate 
challenge. We have used these periods to question established way of working, rethinking the 
fundamentals of our business and build for a more resilient future. That mindset has been part 
of Yatra from the beginning, and I think our approach to the current environment is another 
example of it. 
Coming to Q1, the larger headline is that Yatra continued to deliver strong underlying growth 
despite a challenging macroeconomic and geopolitical environment for the travel industry. 
Gross bookings grew 16.5% year-on-year to INR21,007 million, while total transactions 
increased by about 12.2% year-on-year, supported by a healthy growth across air and hotel 
segments. 
Gross margins increased 6.1% year-on-year to INR1,227 million. Revenue from operations 
stood at INR1,879 million, down approximately 10% year-on-year, primarily reflecting lower 
MICE top lines during the quarter. 
Adjusted EBITDA was INR151 million compared to INR249 million last year. There are two 
important factors behind this movement. The first factor was the impact of temporary macro 
and geopolitical disruption on MICE and corporate travel. MICE top line was approximately 
INR300 million lower year-on-year, mainly due to disruption in international group travel. This 
had an approximately INR30 million impact on gross margin. In addition, the shift from 
international to domestic group travel increased competitive pressures resulting in further 
impact of INR30 million on gross margin. 
I want to reiterate that we view this drop of INR60 million in H&P gross margin as a short-term 
transitory factor rather than structural change in the business, and we expect the impact to 
normalize going forward as travel patterns have started to stabilize already. 
Corporate travel demand was also impacted because of elevated air fares, while the timing of 
airline incentive programs created an additional near-term headwind during the quarter. The 
second factor, however, is one that I want to spend a little more time on because it reflects a 
deliberate choice we've made. We've continued to invest and build through this period of 
turbulence.  
Rather than allowing short-term disruption to define our priorities, we have used this period to 
invest in capabilities and capacity that we believe can materially expand Yatra's future growth 
opportunities. 
We've been doing this through a three-pronged approach. First, strengthening and scaling our 
core B2B business. We have continued to invest behind Travel Pro, our MSME offering, 
including building out the people, platform and the go-to-market capabilities required to expand 
our reach within the corporate market. We are already seeing early validation of that investment. 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Of the 53 new corporate customers won during Q1, 30-plus customers representing 
approximately INR800 million came through Travel Pro, our offering for that segment. While 
still early, this gives us confidence in the potential of the new go-to-market engine we have built 
around our core corporate offerings. 
Second, expanding our addressable market through RECAP, our expense management solution. 
Since its launch, we've already added more than 20 customers. We continue to invest in product 
and technology behind RECAP and believe it can develop into another meaningful growth 
engine as we scale the proposition. 
Third, taking our corporate platform beyond India. Over the preceding two quarters, we have 
invested in making our technology global-ready, including product, infrastructure, solutions and 
teams required to support international deployment. 
Our partnership with Kanoo Travel gives us the opportunity to take capabilities built and refined 
over many years in India into a large adjacent market in the Middle East, alongside a mature, 
highly respected regional partner with deep customer relationships and market knowledge. 
While the region itself is currently experiencing some near-term disruption, we believe the long-
term opportunity is very significant. Importantly, across all three initiatives, we've been building 
capacity ahead of the revenue we expect them to generate as they scale. 
While this investment is visible in our cost base today, we believe it materially expands the 
future earning capacity of the business. Periods of turbulence have often been periods in which 
Yatra has done some of its important building. We believe this period will be no different. 
Let me now turn to the individual businesses. Our air business delivered healthy growth during 
the quarter with gross air bookings increasing approximately 18% year-on-year to INR16,579 
million. 
Growth was supported by higher average ticket sizes, along with continued expansion across 
our distribution channels. Importantly, air passenger volume grew approximately 5% year-on-
year, nearly twice the industry growth rate. Despite capacity constraints, elevated fares and 
softer demand environment, we continue to grow passenger volumes materially ahead of the 
market, resulting in further market share gains. 
Air margins remained under some pressure during the quarter. Our focus remains on building a 
healthy and sustainable air business with continued discipline around unit economics and 
quality of growth. 
Moving to Hotels and Packages. The segment delivered gross booking growth of approximately 
13% year-on-year. Within this, our stand-alone hotel business continued to perform particularly 
well with gross bookings growing approximately 34%, revenues increasing by 62% and room 
nights growing approximately 30% year-on-year. This performance reinforces our conviction 
that our investments in expanding hotel supply is the right strategic priority. We are seeing these 
investments drive stronger demand across all businesses while increasing the contribution from 
hotels, a higher margin and increasingly important part of Yatra's business mix. 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
On MICE, as I mentioned earlier, MICE faced a particularly challenging operating environment 
during Q1, given its greater exposure to international and discretionary travel. Geopolitical 
uncertainty led to delays in corporate decision-making and in several cases, a shift of 
international programs towards shorter haul and domestic destinations happened. 
As discussed earlier, the combination of lower TTV and temporary margin compression resulted 
in approximately INR60 million impact year-on-year on MICE gross margins during the 
quarter. What is important, however, is that is what we are seeing as we enter Q2. The Q2 MICE 
pipeline is significantly stronger than Q1 and a healthier margin profile. Based on visibility we 
have today, we believe the Q1 impact was temporary, and we are seeing encouraging signs that 
the MICE business is returning to its growth rate. 
Coming now to our corporate travel business. Corporate travel remains one of Yatra's key 
strategic growth pillars. Despite elevated fares and disruption to international travel, the 
underlying business remained resilient and customer acquisition momentum continued to be 
strong. 
As I mentioned earlier, during Q1, we added 53 new corporate customers. These additions 
provide visibility into incremental volumes as customers are onboarded and progressively ramp 
up. Beyond new customer acquisition, we remain focused on increasing wallet share with our 
existing customers and expanding into the range of services consumed through the Yatra 
platform. 
The structural opportunity remains significant with online penetration in India, India's managed 
corporate travel market still relatively low. We believe our scale technology platform, extensive 
hotel supply and long-standing enterprise relationships position us well as the market continues 
to digitize. 
 
As we look ahead, we have several reasons to be constructive. MICE is seeing a stronger 
pipeline and improving margins. Corporate travel is recovering fast. Air margins are improving 
and hotel continues its growth trajectory as strong as it was earlier. At the same time, our 
investments are expanding our growth opportunities. Travel Pro is strengthening our B2B go-
to-market. RECAP is opening new customer segments and Kanoo is extending our corporate 
capabilities beyond India. 
As these factors come together, we expect the operating capacity we have built to support a 
much larger revenue base, driving operating leverage and rebuilding EBITDA margins towards 
20% plus. And as corporate travel normalizes and our growth initiatives scale, we believe the 
EBITDA margins can progress into the 30% range over time. 
The macro environment remains uncertain, but the underlying opportunity has not changed. 
India remains one of the world's most attractive long-term travel markets, and Yatra today has 
a broader set of growth opportunities than at any point in our recent history. Our priorities, 
therefore, remain clear, strengthen the core, expand our addressable market, take our capabilities 
into new geographies and continue using technology, AI and automation to build a more 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
scalable Yatra. That is how we approach periods of disruption throughout our 20-year history, 
and it is how we intend to build the next phase of Yatra's growth. 
Thank you, everyone. And I'll now request our CFO, Anuj Sethi, to brief you on the financial 
performance for the quarter. 
Anuj Sethi: 
Thank you, Siddhartha. Good morning, everyone. For the first quarter of financial year 2027, 
on a consolidated basis, our revenue from operations decreased 10.4% year-on-year to INR 
1,879 million. Our gross margin, defined as revenue less service cost rose 6.1% year-on-year to 
INR1,227 million. Adjusted EBITDA decreased 39.4% year-on-year to INR151 million, 
translating to a 12.29% adjusted EBITDA to gross margin ratio. As a result, our profit after tax 
came in at INR3.4 million. 
In terms of segmental performance, air ticketing passenger volume increased by 4.8% year-on-
year to 1,264,000. However, our gross air bookings grew 17.6% year-on-year to INR16,579 
million. And our air gross margin rose 8% year-on-year to INR699 million with margin 
declining from 4.6% to 4.2%. 
 
On the Hotels and Packages segment, total room nights grew by nearly 30% year-on-year to 
548,000. Gross bookings increased 13% year-on-year to INR3,876 million, while gross margins 
expanded 24% year-on-year to INR386 million, while margins improving from 9.05% to 9.95%. 
On the liquidity front, cash and cash equivalents and term deposits stood at INR1,976.9 million 
as of 30th June 2026. 
 
With this, I would like to hand it back to the moderator and open up for question-and-answer 
session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Sagarika Chetty from Antique Stockbroking. Please go ahead. 
Sagarika Chetty: 
Yes. Hi. So my first question is on the Flight segment. So you saw an 18% growth in GTV this 
quarter driven mostly by value than volumes. But your gross margins increased at a much slower 
pace. Now of course, it is middle of the second quarter, but are we seeing a similar trajectory in 
the second quarter given the supply cuts and the incentive finalization that you mentioned? And 
so is it fair to assume that margins further and would be relatively subdued for the year compared 
to FY '26? 
 Dhruv Shringi: 
Sagarika, as we mentioned –and you would see this in our investor presentation as well. What's 
happened at this point of time is that a lot of the Middle Eastern carriers, especially are still 
trying to figure out what would be the volume and how much capacity will they deploy during 
this current year on account of which the kind of PLBs, which are the annual productivity-linked 
bonuses, those targets and those deals have still not been closed. Historically, those get closed 
in the early part of Q1 itself. But in the current year, given the disruption in Q1, they have 
remained open. Hence, revenue is recognized at a lower number. 
As things move forward, we do expect that at least in the second half of the year, we are already 
seeing some degree of normalization in the capacity. We are seeing some more capacity being 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
added back. We do expect margins to improve in the second half of the year. So at this point of 
time, it's driven more by the macros because of which you're seeing GTV rise at a faster pace, 
and there should be a catch-up effect of this in the second half of the year. 
Sagarika Chetty: 
Okay. Fairly clear. And the second question was given the fact that this quarter, there was 
weaker corporate travel. So what is the proportion of your B2B versus B2C? Has that changed? 
Or does that remain broadly the same as it was in the previous quarters? 
Dhruv Shringi : 
I think there's obviously a slight decline in that. While the corporate business has come down a 
little bit in terms of share, B2C business has gained a little bit more, but it's not a very substantial 
change, which would be there in the mix. There is obviously a little bit of mix. 
 
On the B2B side, the one part which has really picked up a little bit more is the travel agency 
part of the business, which has got a bit more boost in terms of volumes. But on an overall basis, 
the mix would have moved from like late 60s to mid-60s right now. It's not very material in 
terms of the change. 
Sagarika Chetty: 
Very clear. Thank you so much. I will join back for the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nitin: 
Hi, good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions. So the first is on the 
MICE recovery. So you indicated that there's a INR300 million sort of loss of revenue on a year-
on-year basis. Do you think this loss of revenue in terms of at least on a year-on-year basis gets 
bridged immediately in the following quarter as you see an improvement? Or do you think this 
maybe sort of gets bridged only sometime next year? So that's the first question. 
Siddhartha Gupta: 
So, MICE as a segment has gone through a bit of a restructure. And the restructure actually 
started somewhere around mid of last quarter. And the demand had to shift from international 
group travel had to kind of transform itself into domestic group travel, which was maybe slightly 
higher margin, but smaller order sizes. 
 
So that transformation was going on as we progress from Q4 to Q1. And what we saw was an 
industry that was responding to the changing demand and what we could execute from a MICE 
segment standpoint. And I think that phase of MICE transformation is already over. 
As Dhruv earlier said in his speech, our Q2 volumes are looking 50% better than what we have 
seen in Q1 and the margin profile of the groups that we have received and are executing are far 
better as well. So, we do not expect a very prolonged change in the business now. Now things 
are stabilizing more and the pipes are looking better and the margin profile is looking better as 
well. 
So to answer -- the short answer to your question is that I think the massive change that was to 
happen has already happened. The industry has responded to the market condition, and I think 
things are normalizing as we speak now. 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Nitin: 
Perfect. And on the Travel Pro, it seems to have done pretty well in terms of bookings and seems 
to be seeing good traction. Do you believe that the INR200-odd crores of bookings that you 
have sort of done because of Travel Pro, considering the client sizes are maybe relatively smaller 
than the core corporate. Do you think that this sort of INR200 crores kind of booking run rate 
should -- is something that you can sort of aspire for on a consistent basis or thereabouts because 
this sort of does better? 
And the second part of the question is, do you think that Travel Pro also gives you longer-term 
contracts like two, three, four, five years? Or is it anyway different from the way it is for the 
rest of the corporate business? 
Siddhartha Gupta: 
If you look at our numbers, we've announced 53 new logo acquisitions of about INR220-odd 
crores annual billable potential. Out of that, 30 logos are Travel Pro, which is just the beginning 
of the scale of Travel Pro. So we believe going forward, Travel Pro would bring in more number 
of logos. So from a number of wins perspective, obviously, Travel Pro would start reporting a 
much larger number. INR80 crores out of INR140 crores, again, is a very, very good start. And 
this business is trending nearly 20% to 30% higher in Q2 already. So we believe there's a huge 
headroom whitespace, which is still not digitized from a corporate online travel perspective. 
And our ability to create a product which has really resonated well with very large customers 
for small and medium enterprises is starting to get traction in the market. 
What we -- usually our Elite customers would come in with at least a two to three-year kind of 
a contract. But in Travel Pro, we are seeing that most of our projects are about an annual contract 
that we sign with our customers. These are still too early days to comment on exactly how this 
part of customer cohort would behave going forward and the stickiness. But glad to report that 
there is no deterioration in our net retention percentage that we have been holding on for the 
last two to three years, where our corporate net retention is as high as 97%. 
Nitin: 
Okay. Very helpful. I have some questions on cost, but I'll come back in the queue. Thank you. 
Siddhartha Gupta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Anmol Garg: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of things I wanted to ask. Firstly, I wanted to 
clarify how much is our international business versus domestic as of now? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
So as of now, Anmol, the international share would have come down to less than 30%. If you 
recall, given our higher mix of corporate travel and MICE -- international MICE, we were 
trending closer to late 30s to almost 40% in terms of the mix. So it's under 30% at the moment. 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood. Understood. And Dhruv, our underlying volume growth in the air has been 5%, 
which is greater than the overall market growth. Now this is despite pressure in the corporate 
bookings at this point in time. So just wanted to understand, have we increased our focus on the 
B2C side of things, which is leading to relatively a little bit better growth than the market at this 
point in time within air? 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Dhruv Shringi: 
So, we have a diversified business model, and that is one of the advantages of the diversified 
business model. We've seen, obviously, that B2C is able to scale up and scale up profitably. 
And that's why we've been able to lean on a little bit on the B2C side to build a little bit of the 
volume to make sure that when it comes to supplier deals, etc, we remain at the right thresholds. 
So I think it also reflects -- I think we -- in the last commentary, we had spoken about the fact 
that we are putting in a lot of efforts to ensure that our tech and platform holds for all our 
customer cohorts. 
And that investment, which has gone in has resulted in the platform being more stable, the 
response times being much better. And it has a trickling down effect on almost all LOBs. And 
that's what we've seen that this investment has started reflecting in performance across B2C as 
well. So -- and that's the reason why the volumes have gone up there. Obviously, it's a business 
that's closest to the domestic spend story of India. I think travel demand hasn't come down, 
domestic travel demand. That's why we see people travel as well as hotel business doing really 
well stand-alone. And I think that's why overall, there is a bump up and we've gained market 
share. 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood. Just one thing on the margin. So we made a comment that we expect our adjusted 
margins to be 30% plus going ahead. So what will lead to such a strong margin inch up and 
current -- yeah, so what will lead to this? And will it happen over the next 1 to 2 quarters? Or 
this is more of a longer-term guidance that you're giving? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
I think let me answer that from the last part of your question first. That is more like a midterm 
guidance, which we had given earlier as well. We were at 20-plus percent kind of margin, and 
we have done the walk in terms of how the addition of every incremental corporate customer 
has almost 50% net contribution margin. So as the corporate business would have grown, we 
would have expected to get to that 30% number given the operating leverage in the business. 
Unfortunately, we've seen things like MICE, which get disrupted, which have gotten disrupted 
for the last 2 quarters. those are higher-margin businesses. Plus we've had to make some 
incremental investments for the Kanoo opportunity. So there is some amount of cost impact of 
that as well, which is there. So the net effect of those is what has brought the margin down. 
If you were to normalize for these elements, meaning if you were to look at MICE come back, 
which is what we are expecting in the current quarter, air margins on the international route 
getting stabilized and some further growth in the corporate travel business, we will see margins 
come back very quickly to the 20-plus percent mark first. And as the business continues to scale, 
we do feel confident that we'll get back to that 30% aspiration in the midterm. So my sense at 
this point based on what trending we are seeing is that in the second half of the year, we should 
start being pretty close to the 20% mark before scaling up again from there. 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood. Understood. Just Dhruv on that, so in the next quarter as well, should we see an 
increase in margins? Or will it remain range bound given that capacity constraint is there on the 
flight business at this point in time? 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Dhruv Shringi: 
I think there is a little bit of improvement on account of MICE, but for the second element, 
which is the capacity still continues to be coming back only gradually. So I think we'll see a 
marginal improvement to -- if MICE continues this momentum, hopefully, we might see some 
more tangible improvement, but largely remaining range bound in the current quarter before we 
start seeing further improvement going forward. 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure. That's it from my end Dhruv. Thanks for answering the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv from Leo Capital. 
Dhruv: 
Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Dhruv: 
Yeah. So firstly, congratulations to the team on the 7-year partnership that we had this quarter. 
I have just one question on the corporate structure. Could you give us an update on the 
restructuring merger of Yatra India with the parent company? Where do things currently stand? 
And what timeline are you working towards to get this concluded? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Hi, Dhruv, so on that front, there is obviously work which has been going on now for the last, I 
would say, at least 6 quarters on that. That entails different jurisdictions, including India, 
Singapore, Cyprus and Cayman plus dealing with the SEC. We did do a block back in February, 
right, from that entity into India to fund that entity's legal expenses for the collapse. So I think 
that's one indication that there is work going on over there, hence, we had to fund the legal 
expenses. But beyond that, from a public disclosure point of view, all I can say is it remains a 
key priority, and we guys are all working towards that. If I was to give you a sense of a timeline, 
having seen how regulators in different markets behave, it's very hard to give an exact timeline 
on that. 
Dhruv: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Chirag: 
Hello, sir. Can you hear me? 
Siddhartha Gupta: 
Yeah, we can. 
Chirag: 
Yeah. Yeah. So, a couple of questions. If you look at the uh customer inducement cost in the 
hotel and packages segment or customer promotion expense as a percentage of gross bookings, 
it has slightly elevated in this quarter. Is it like we provided more discounts in the hotel and 
packages segment considering the slowdown environment? 
Management: 
Your voice is slightly unclear. 
Chirag: 
Yeah, I mean the customer promotion as a percentage of gross booking has increased, and it's 
at almost a five-quarter high level. So, is it like we provided more discounts in current quarter 
in the hotel segment? 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Dhruv Shringi :Yeah. So, it's got to do a little bit with the business mix as well, given that this quarter, a greater part of the 
business mix is coming from B2C, and B2C does have a certain level of discounting which is 
and marketing which is there. That's part of the reason why you are seeing it at slightly elevated 
levels. As things normalize back, and we have the MICE mix also coming in again in the next 
quarter, this number should normalize. So, this is more of a temporary phenomenon on account 
of the change in business mix. 
Chirag: 
Okay. And can you also please provide a guidance like, from a near-term point of view, we are 
expecting, mix shift to happen like air and hotel will be 50/50 in near term? So, is that strategy 
still intact? 
Siddhartha Gupta: 
So I think we spoke about these margins. We've already spoke about the fact that in quarter 2 
we are seeing the GTV trend better than what -- where we were in Q1. So we expect that the 
margins would be a bit suppressed because the airline capacities are still continuing to be 
constrained. But other than that, we expect the MICE margins to improve in quarter 2 going 
forward. So hopefully, we'll be reporting better numbers. 
Dhruv Shringi :Was your question on the business mix between air and hotel? 
Chirag: 
Yes. So, I'm asking we used to provide guidance like we are looking to have a 50/50 mix over 
next 2 to 3 years' time frame in hotel versus air. So, is that strategy still intact, or is there any 
change there considering the current environment? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
No, no, absolutely. I mean that strategy continues to be well on track. We are at about a 60-40 
mix when it comes to air and hotels, right, on the gross margin level. And given that air is 
growing more like early double digits and hotels are growing at 30-plus percent, we would 
continue to see improvement in the business mix towards hotels. And that strategy of getting to 
a 50-50 mix between air and hotels over the next 2 to 3 years remains perfectly on track. 
Chirag: 
Okay. And a few bookkeeping questions I have on the P&L part. If I look at your employee 
expenses, that's increased by almost 300 basis points on quarter-on quarter. Can you go through 
-- walk through the math, I mean, what has led to the increase in the employee expenses? 
Dhrv Shringi : 
Sorry, I missed your question. Can you just come back -- just clarify your question again? 
Chirag: 
I'm asking on employee expenses part? I mean as a percentage of revenue has increased 
significantly. Also the business volume activity was slightly on the lower end considering the 
environment, what has led to the increase in the employee expenses as a percentage of revenue? 
Dhruv Shringi :Right. The incremental employee expenses as a percentage of revenue that you're seeing, that's happening on 
account of the investment we've made in people for the Kanoo project. The revenue for the 
Kanoo project has started coming in from 1st of July or middle of July. But the buildup of the 
people, some part of the infrastructure, the technology platform being hosted on GCP cloud 
platform, all of those has happened in the current quarter because people had to be hired, people 
had to be trained. 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 So there is a hiring cost of people, training cost of people, all of that which has come in the 
current quarter. That's why you're seeing people costs being higher as a percentage of revenue. 
The profit element of that will start kicking in from the second quarter onwards. 
Chirag: 
In second quarter, will it remain in this range or it will normalize like previous quarter? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
No. The number in absolute terms will remain at similar levels, right? So in terms of people 
costs now that the people have been hired, the people costs will remain at these levels, but you 
will see the revenue impact of that, meaning the positive revenue accruing from the Kanoo 
business and the Kanoo contract that will start coming in from the second quarter onwards. 
Chirag: 
Okay.  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Chirag. Please re-join the queue for the follow-up questions. The next 
question is from the line of Ankush Agrawal from Surge Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Yeah. Hi. Thank you for taking my question. So first thing I want to understand is about this 
MICE as a business and its impact on profitability. I think in Q4 also because MICE was 
impacted the profitability took a hit and this quarter again. So in the medium to long run, what 
I wanted to understand is if this is going to be the case that if any quarter or any year we have 
MICE as the business get impacted, then that takes away the profitability for a toss. So isn't the 
business sort of overly reliant on MICE generating a certain level of profitability for you? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
I think in the short term, there is an element which is correct from what you're saying. MICE is 
a highly profitable business. It is a cross-sold opportunity to our large existing corporate 
customer base. So given that MICE has a structure where you have a certain amount of profit 
margin, right, between 9% to 10%, and you've got very limited amount of incremental cost that 
you carry on your people, right? Your workforce cost is fixed in nature. 
So it has very good operating leverage. So when you execute the MICE business, it has a large 
bottom line flow-through, which ends up happening. The second part which has impacted us in 
the current quarter, obviously, is the air margins, given that the margins have not really been 
firmed up right now, there is a depression in the earnings on account of that. So I wouldn't say 
the entire drop is attributed to that. There are 3 elements which are impacting this drop at this 
point of time. 
MICE obviously being the most material along with air margins and then the incremental cost 
that we've incurred in the setup of the Kanoo project. The Kanoo project will become 
contribution positive immediately. So in the second quarter itself, you'll see the positive impact 
of that. Air margins, we do expect air margins to recover in the second half of the year based on 
the discussions that we are currently having. So that also will fall in place. 
MICE, the impact of MICE as the MICE business recovers will automatically flow through to 
the bottom line. So there are 3 components which have impacted this result, not just the MICE 
business. But yes, MICE does have a disproportionate operating profitability given that MICE 
operates at like a 40-plus percent kind of operating margin versus other businesses which are 
operating closer to 15% to 20%. 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Okay. Okay. So like over time over medium term as the business scales up and the aspiration to 
achieve that 30% margin that we are sort of thinking? At that scale, would it be fair to assume 
that MICE would still drive say half of the profitability of the business or it will be more than 
that? I'm just trying to understand is Yatra's business except MICE, how profitable it is going 
to be in absolute basis? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Yeah. So MICE will account for anywhere between 20% to maybe -- on an annual basis, 20%, 
you might have quarters where it tends to be closer to 25%, but that's about it. It's not that more 
than 50% of the business would come from MICE. I mean even if you were to look at the current 
quarter, the drop year-over-year in MICE, and you can see this in the service cost, right? You 
have a service drop of about INR30 crores. 
You've got a 10.5% kind of margin impact on that. Plus this quarter, there is some greater 
competition. So the total MICE impact of the drop is between somewhere INR4 crores and 
INR5 crores. So it's not that MICE is accounting for 50% of the profitability. 
Siddhartha Gupta: 
I think to add to Dhruv's comments, we have to look at the true nature of how the MICE business 
operates. MICE doesn't follow a linearity like the way corporate -- pure corporate business 
follows. It is lumpy in nature. And given that its contribution is to gross margin is in the range 
of 9% to 10% straight away. We have to look at the way and look at MICE business from a 
year-on-year standpoint rather than trying and comparing one quarter to another. 
 
Something that I said earlier in the call, MICE went through a slight transformation moment, 
the international fares went up. The industry had to rework with new fundamentals. And we 
believe that both on the customer side as well as on people like us who serve those customers, 
we have formed new equations and hence, brought the business back, because the inherent 
nature of rewarding your ecosystem or employees with good travel to keep the motivations up 
to train them to reskill them, that is a reward in a way which doesn't go away. So the basic nature 
of the business doesn't change. It's just that we have to look at MICE with different view than 
just pure air and hotel business coming through consumer and the corporate lines. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Great. Lastly, just this comment... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Ankush. Please rejoin the queue for the follow-up question. The next question 
is from the line of Sonal from Prescient Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sonal: 
Hi. This is Sonal Minhas. I hope I’m audible, and thanks for taking my question. My first 
question is regarding the guidance for the year. Are we still holding on to the guidance or there 
is a downward revision or a revision to the guidance that we've broadly given for longer term? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
See, we haven't given any guidance for the current year, Sonal. And at this point as well, we are 
not really issuing a guidance for the current year. We will evolve and as the market stabilizes, 
we should hopefully be coming out with the guidance next quarter. But at this point, we're not 
giving out a guidance for the year. 
Sonal: 
Got it, Dhruv. Got it. Could you share, if it's okay, to share what percentage of your business 
comes from the Middle East at the broader level? 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Dhruv Shringi: 
See, the Middle East itself -- in terms of the endpoint, would have been under 20%. But Middle 
East as a transit point, if you were to add all of that, right? That's when you're looking at almost 
30% plus of international travel transiting through Middle East. 
 
There is a spillover impact as well, which happens that with all this capacity out of the Middle 
East and travel out of the Middle East not going through, you have European fares or transit 
through Europe, which is the key point for business travel into the U.S., those fares are at 
extremely elevated levels, right? 
 
We are seeing ATPs being anywhere between 20% to 30% higher. And if you were to look at -
- we say, this in jest, but what was an economy fare has become a premium economy fare, what 
was the premium economy fare has become a business class fare and the business class fare 
today is like a first class fare. 
 
So you are seeing extreme amount of price increase happening, which is deterring definitely 
large group movements because company’s establish budgets at the start of the year of how 
much they are going to spend for incentives, etc. So it is deferring the spend level. 
 
And even when it comes to corporate movement, nonessential corporate travel is being limited 
at least in certain industries, right? So industries like IT, etc, continue to be very circumspect. 
So there is a spillover effect as well of all of this that's happening. It's not just traffic through 
the Middle East or Middle East as an endpoint. 
Sonal: 
Got it. Thanks for explaining that. I have second question, Dhruv. I was going through the 
annual report of Yatra, which is the listed entity in the U.S. and I presume there are some 
financial investors who are sitting there. So, just wanted to understand with regard to broader 
contours of restructuring, those entities look more like they are resident or domiciled investors 
in the U.S. or internationally. 
 
 What would be an incentive of them merging with the India entity and bringing that mirror 
shareholding back to India? From a very broader like zoomed-out perspective, it looks like there 
is no incentive for, let's say, a U.S. domiciled investors with investors sitting outside India 
coming and then holding up into India. That's one. 
 
And there are obviously some, I think, news rumors about shareholding being sold to outside. I 
don't want to track towards that, but I just want to understand from a stability perspective of the 
entity holding and is there financial investors who intend to sell out once this -- the holding gets 
folded into one entity? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
So, without commenting on the second part of the question, if I would just look at from a 
financial incentive point of view, the holding in that entity in the U.S. is fairly concentrated, 
right? And that has very limited amount of liquidity in that entity. 
 
So there is a big discount that, that entity trades that because of lack of liquidity right, and the 
objective of the collapse from making the shares fungible would be to ensure that from a value 
creation point of view, there is a value creation opportunity that happens and the price is more 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
-- price realization is happening for those few shareholders who are holding the majority of the 
shares in the U.S. 
Now there will be some smaller shareholders who might not have the wherewithal to hold India 
shares, who might not be able to do the KYC necessary to open demat accounts, etc. So for 
those guys, there would be some kind of an exit mechanism. But the large eight, nine of us who 
are either large individual shareholders or large institutional shareholders who are long-term 
believers of the Yatra story, holding a more liquid India stock is the right thing for us to do. 
Sonal: 
From an economic incentive perspective is what basically you're saying. 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Yes.  
Sonal: 
Got it, Dhruv. Thanks for explaining that. I’ll follow-back in the queue. 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Sure 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Moksh Ranka from Aurum Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Moksh Ranka: 
Hello. I wanted to understand any update regarding our corporate card platform. And we were 
working on some other permissions to reduce our working capital intensity. So any update on 
that? 
 Dhruv Shringi:So on the corporate card platform, we are working with the banks to create a product, right? So that part is 
still going on with the banks in terms of creating a product. The challenge in that and that we 
are working through is figuring out how do we balance the MDR cost on that, right? 
We obviously don't want to be in a situation where we have to pick up 165 basis points of MDR 
cost. So we are working with banks to see if there is a product which can get created with a 
lower MDR even if it comes with a shorter credit cycle for the corporate customer. So that's 
something which is being worked on with the banks, that business model and that business case 
is being put together with the banking partner. 
In terms of the other working capital initiatives, we are also working with the likes of American 
Express for their BTA platform and between HDFC and Citibank for the CTA card platform 
along with SBI also has a similar product. And we are trying to put that product into place with 
the corporate customers. In this -- the first step out of this is to make sure that we work with the 
airline and the hotel supply partners for them to pick up the cost of the credit card, right? So we 
don't want to be the one picking up this cost in the middle, given that we are more of an 
intermediary. 
So these are things which are currently high priority from a working capital management point 
of view, but they do have a long lead time. But once they get implemented, the impact of these 
also will then be equally quick. But this remains, needless to say, a key priority for us to be able 
to get these things in place. 
Moksh Ranka: 
Okay. Got it. That’s it from my side. Thank you for answering the question. 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Siddhartha Gupta: 
So I would like to thank all of you for coming on this call and asking very insightful questions. 
I want to reiterate, we are a company which believes in investing for future. We have spent 20 
years and all of us are really happy about how we have played our role in shaping the travel 
ecosystem in India as well as globally. And we have a strong belief that we'll continue to reshape 
this industry as we go forward. Again, commenting on Q1, we believe that these were tough 
times for the industry, but the way we have thought of navigating that is to innovate, is to invest 
for future, and we are already seeing very healthy signs that the future looks very, very positive. 
So we look forward to sharing more exciting news about how Yatra is progressing in the future 
and how we are reshaping the travel world. So thank you so much for your interest in Yatra. 
Thank you so much for coming on the call. 
Dhruv Shringi: 
And just one parting comment, right, in terms of having seen multiple such cycles, we do have 
a playbook in place to manage these cycles. And as we have said, we've seen revenge travel 
happening pretty quickly. So we don't see this time being any different. Our focus is to make 
sure at this point of time that we use this opportunity to sharpen our technology and our 
operations to make sure we come out and deliver even stronger service and customer experience 
to our large corporate customers. So we will continue to make sure that we have progress on 
this front, and we can execute the playbook that we have done successfully coming out of earlier 
such disruptions. 
Thank you so much, and thank you, everyone, for your continued support of Yatra. 
Anuj Sethi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stockbroking, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
