 
 
 
July 31, 2026 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400001 
Security Code: 532892 
    
National Stock Exchange of India Limi
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400051 
Symbol: MOTILALOFS 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call with Investor(s)/Analyst(s)  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
  
This is with reference to our earlier letter dated July 17, 2026 regarding Intimation of Earnings 
Conference Call (“Con-Call”) with Investor(s)/Analyst(s) held on July 24, 2026 to discuss 
financial performance for Q1 FY 2026-27.  
 
In this regard, pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) (as amended from time to 
time), please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of the said Con-Call for your reference. 
 
The aforesaid transcript of the said Con-Call is made available on the Company’s website i.e 
https://www.motilaloswal.com/content/dam/mofsl-website-adobe/investor-relations/26-
27/q1/mofsl-q1fy27-concall-transcript.pdf 
 
 Further, we hereby confirm that no Unpublished Price Sensitive Information was shared or 
discussed during the said Con-Call.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
Kailash Purohit 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: as above. 
 
Kailash 
Chunnilal 
Purohit
Digitally signed by 
Kailash Chunnilal 
Purohit 
Date: 2026.07.31 
15:40:20 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
This document is a transcription of the conference call conducted on 24th July 2026.  
Click Here to listen to the original audio.  
For past recordings, transcripts, Investor Presentation and Excel Data Book Click Here 
For any queries, please contact ir@motilaloswal.com. 
 
 
Manish Kayal- Head Investor Relations 
 
Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome all the participants on behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
Limited to take time out to attend our Q1FY27 earnings conference call.  
 
We hope that you had an opportunity to go through our investor deck and press release, uploaded 
on stock exchanges and on our website yesterday. We have also uploaded our data book on our 
website that has all the operational and financial numbers. Please note that today's discussion may 
include some forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on our 
macro assessment outcome of which can vary with respect to our assessment. 
 
To represent the group, we have the senior leadership members on this call. We will start this call with 
an opening remark by Navin Agarwal, Group MD, and then we'll have Q&A session. 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director 
Thank you, Manish. Good afternoon, everyone. 
 
Group Strengths & Past Decade Operating Performance 
• 
In FY26, our operating PAT reported was up by 16% on as YoY basis. On that base, our operating 
profit after tax grew by 14% on a YoY basis in this quarter to ₹609 crores, led by Asset and Private 
Wealth business, which grew by 44% YoY. 
• 
The Asset and Private Wealth businesses, now contribute 55% of the total operating profit of the 
group versus 50% in FY26 and 42% in FY25. We have guided that the share of Asset and Private 
Wealth businesses will continue to rise because of growing share of annuity businesses and the 
low market share that we have in these businesses allowing a lot of headroom for us to grow. 
• 
The AUM of the Asset Management business, including MO alternates, crossed ₹2 lakh crores 
milestone. This has witnessed a CAGR of 34% since March 2020 with strong market share gains.  
• 
Annuity businesses now contribute over 66% of the Group's revenues. As highlighted earlier, the 
Asset Management and Private Wealth businesses together contributed 55% of the Group's 
operating PAT during the quarter and also contributes to the annuity revenues. 
• 
We expect this share to continue increasing as we have transitioned from a transaction-led to an 
annuity-led business model, further strengthening the quality and sustainability of our earnings 
• 
We have invested a lot in the past couple of years on all the fronts in the group, be it people, be it 
brand or be it technology. We expect these to bear fruits in the coming years in terms of market 
share gains and profitability growth. 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
• 
Motilal Oswal is the largest integrated capital market player with rising share of annuity revenues 
and each business offering a strong growth runway leveraging the opportunities available in 
financialization of Indian savings. 
• 
Our operating businesses have delivered a decadal 10-year compounded operating profit growth 
of 33% and an average return on equity of 23%. This growth is supported by our investment book, 
which grew by 41% compounded since inception, led by strong IRRs and reinvestments of our 
operating profits after consistent dividend distributions and 3 buybacks since our listing. 
• 
We also want to highlight that ever since our listing back in 2007, we have never diluted equity by 
consistently paying out dividends and buybacks. This has only been possible due to our unique 
twin engine business model, where we have a strong backbone of our operating businesses and 
a large investment book that has continued to compound at nearly 18% XIRR. 
• 
This strategy has resulted in our rank in profit after tax for FY26, improving to 160th rank among all 
listed companies in India, and we are now among the top 200 companies in India by market 
capitalisation. We see the next decade offering equally exciting prospects, which should drive 
further improvement in these rankings. 
 
Turning now to the segmental performance. 
 
Asset and Private Wealth Management Business 
• 
Our Asset and Private Wealth businesses comprised of AMC (listed), MO alternates (unlisted) and 
the Private Wealth Management business. Asset Management and Private Wealth businesses 
continued its momentum during the quarter with robust net flows of ₹10,325 crores. AUM at ₹4.5 
lakh crores as on June '26 is up by 34% YoY.  
• 
We continue to invest in talent in distribution reach and in marketing. The operating leverage from 
rising AUM should be a strong driver to our profit growth going forward. 
 
Asset Management Business 
 
• 
The AMC business comprises of mutual funds, PMS and AIF. The AUM here grew by 34% CAGR since 
March 2020 till June 2026 and is very close to another major milestone of ₹2 lakh crores today, led 
by our strong performance and differentiated product offering to our investors. 
• 
Our unique PAN catered by our AMC is more than ₹1 crore as on June '26 versus ₹85 lakhs in June 
'25, which shows strong confidence by retail investors in our franchise. This is around 16% share of 
all clients in the Indian mutual fund industry. 
• 
Our average AUM grew from ₹1.67 lakh crores in Q4FY26 to ₹1.81 lakh crores in Q1FY27, reflecting 
the continued momentum in the business and today, we are closer to another milestone of ₹2 
lakh crores in this business. 
• 
Our product bouquet is pretty young as significant flows comes only from products that have 
crossed the 3-year track record. We launched 1 new active mutual fund inQ1FY27, increasing our 
presence now to represent 87% of the industry AUM. 
• 
Importantly, only 6 of our funds have a vintage of over 3 years, and these categories contribute a 
mere 44% of the industry AUM. We expect an additional 2 funds to cross 3-year vintage by March 
'27 and a further 8 funds to cross the 3-year vintage by March '28. This will improve our 3+ years 
vintage fund participation to 75% of the industry AUM from 44% now. 
• 
Most of these are best-performing funds since inception in the mainstream categories, which 
should help in strong flows as well as diversification of the AUM over the next 2 years. This will also 
continue our trend in net mutual fund flows market share improvement, which stands now at 4.2% 
compared to 3.7% in the previous quarter. 
• 
Our flow market share continues to be well above our AUM market share, which is 2.9%. In Q1FY27, 
our SIP flows were strong at ₹4,064 crores, up by 16% YoY with a market share of 4.3%, resulting in 
an SIP AUM of ₹38,643 crores. 

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
• 
To summarise - We believe our AUM growth will be supported by the following factors: 
o 
Annualized SIP run rate of around ₹16,000 crores 
o 
Collections from proposed NFOs besides discretionary flows 
o 
More products crossing the 3-year vintage 
o 
Current AUM of nearly ₹1.9 lakh crores is over 15% higher than the FY26 average AUM of 
₹1.57 lakh crores 
o 
Potential mark-to-market gains after 2 muted years 
o 
Entry into multiple funds to the GIFT City route targeting both inbound as well as 
outbound growth. 
 
We believe that the strong growth of AMC led by the above 6 factors will be a key growth and ARR 
driver for the overall group. 
 
Alternates / Private Markets 
 
• 
We have a strong franchise in growth capital and residential real estate and are confident to 
deliver industry leading IRRs to our clients in all the products that we offer.  
• 
We are in the process of executing our final close of our maiden private credit fund of ₹3,000 
crores, where we have raised nearly ₹2,500 crores in the second close. 
• 
We will launch commercial real estate in second half of this financial year and continue to offer a 
comprehensive suite of product offerings in alternates, which is seeing increasing allocation both 
among family offices as well as institutions. 
• 
To Summarise: Alternate Asset Management business will be another key growth driver and 
also an ARR driver of the Motilal Oswal Group on the back of 
o 
Larger fund size that we have raised in every subsequent series 
o 
Entry into newer categories 
o 
More funds entering the carry income recognition threshold, which will boost our carry 
income run rate. 
 
The Asset Management business contributes to 40% of the group's operating PAT in Q1FY27 versus 26% 
in Q1FY26 and is expected to increase based on all the pointers highlighted above. 
 
Private Wealth Management 
 
• 
The Q1FY27 ARR revenue for the private wealth business grew by 42% YoY to ₹157 crores. However, 
overall revenues were flattish on lower TBR revenues. We have highlighted that there will be QoQ 
volatility in TBR revenues, while ARR revenues will continue to rise steadily. 
• 
Net flows grew by a strong 37% to nearly ₹4,000 crores, leading to AUM growth of 37% on a YoY 
basis to ₹2.4 lakh crores. Our 441 RMs will witness productivity improvement as only 32% of them 
have a vintage of over 3 years. 
• 
We continue to make sizable investments in senior leadership as well as relationship managers 
and we'll continue to do so in a calibrated manner going forward. Focus is now on growing ARR 
AUM, which is currently at around ₹52,000 crores through various initiatives, including advisory 
solutions, strengthening leverage solutions as a value add for family offices and exclusive co-
investment leveraging group synergies. All this will help in revenue growth along with cost-to-
income improvement driving profitability. 
• 
To summarise - As we scale our ARR-led revenue mix in private wealth, the relative TBR 
revenue contribution will be volatile QoQ, while our overall earnings quality and predictability 
will continue to improve structurally due to rising ARR-led revenue in the mix. 
 
Wealth Management Business 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
• 
Wealth Management business comprise of distribution, retail broking and retail lending. We 
continue to have a sharp focus on growing our ARR revenues, which includes distribution income 
and Net Interest Income (NII). This has led to the share of these incomes in Wealth Management 
segment revenue increasing from 33% in the year ending March '21 to 57% in the Q1FY27. The ARR 
revenues grew by 26% on a YoY basis this quarter to ₹304 crores. 
• 
Distribution book grew by nearly 30% to over ₹45,000 crores. We are confident that our distribution 
book will grow meaningfully as we continue to harness the cross-sell potential of our client base 
of our franchise, which stands at only 18% versus multiple times for our global peers.  
• 
Our loan book in this segment rose 33% YoY to over ₹7,000 crores. Our MTF market share is close 
to 6.5% and is expected to improve going forward. 
• 
Our broking business continues to retain its leadership position as a full-service broker amongst 
non-bank players. We are the largest broker in the cash segment on revenue market share in 
non-bank segment. Our overall retail broking market share, including commodities, stood at 7.6% 
in Q1FY27, led by market share gains in F&O premium segment from 7% in Q1FY26 to 7.6% in the 
Q1FY27. Our cash market share has been stable during this period. 
• 
To summarise - We expect our ADTO market share to improve as the global uncertainty 
subsides as we have witnessed historically. The distribution lending book will continue to drive 
growth and increase its share in the overall group's ARR revenue pie. 
 
Capital Market Business  
 
• 
The Capital Markets business comprising of Institutional Equities and Investment Banking.  
• 
Despite challenging market conditions, our investment banking business has successfully 
completed 11 deals during the quarter, raising over ₹10,000 crores, and our fee income delivered 
a strong 48% revenue growth QoQ to ₹68 crores. We are now ranked #2 in the capital markets 
league table for IPO and QIPs. 
• 
With a $5 trillion market cap of India and growing, there is a base level of IB activity that the 
markets will see every year, and our IB has built a strong franchise to benefit from this. In 
institutional equities business, we are continuously increasing the coverage. We released 20 
initiations during the quarter, taking our coverage to 384 stocks. Our stated intent is to take this 
up to 500 numbers. 
• 
To summarise - We believe that our capital markets franchise is strong and diversified with 
products, including QIPs, IPOs, advisory business. Our size per deal is materially higher than in 
the past. And with a strong pipeline, we are poised to benefit from any market revival. 
 
Housing Finance Business 
 
• 
In Housing Finance business, our disbursements grew by 64% YoY to ₹646 crores. AUM grew by 
23% YOY to ₹6,164 crores in Q1FY27. We expect housing finance business to continue to witness 
strong growth in the next 2 to 3 years. Business has a strong capital adequacy ratio, very low 
leverage, giving us enough growth levers without any need for further capital infusion. 
 
Treasury 
 
• 
Our treasury book grew by 22% YoY to ₹10,482 crores in Q1FY27. The long term compounded growth 
of this book has been 41%, led by strong IRRs and reinvestment of operating profits after paying 
dividends. 
 
Outlook with concluding remarks 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
• 
To conclude, the rise in to over ₹100 trillion, combined with financialization of savings and powerful 
tailwinds in the rising rate of capital market sector within the Indian market cap. This is an 
important tailwind for the group. 
• 
In this space, MOFSL's decadal track record of 33% operating profit growth and average ROE of 
23% delivered entirely through internal accruals, no dilution, rising market share in multiple 
businesses, entering promising adjacencies in each of our businesses, rising share of annuity 
revenues to 66% and importantly, improving quality and predictability of our overall profits driven 
by asset management and private wealth business 
• 
With regulatory headwinds in the base, particularly for the Wealth Management business given 
the regulatory changes, continued resilience shown by Indian investors, we believe, makes the 
future outlook promising. 
 
With this, I'll conclude my opening remarks and open the floor for Q&A. 
 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The first question comes from the line of Sagar Jethwani with Phillip 
Capital PMS. 
 
Sagar Jethwani - Participant: 
Congratulations on a good show given the current environment. Your first question on the Wealth 
Management segment, your distribution assets and broking assets have increased by 13% and 7%, 
respectively. On the other hand, distribution revenues have fallen by 50% YoY. So, what went wrong 
here? Could you please explain? 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
As we've discussed in the Wealth Management business, we had a high base of TBR last year, 
particularly in the first quarter. We've highlighted that there will be QoQ volatility in this number. The 
subsequent quarters in FY26 were muted as far as TBR is concerned. Hence, you will see the 
distribution income tracking back to growth in line with the distribution assets. Thus, higher share of 
TBR led by unlisted revenues have caused this decline. 
 
Part of the Private Wealth business decline in Q1FY27 with respect to TBR is also led by the same factor. 
The Wealth Management business and the Private Wealth business have had strong growth in the 
ARR revenues. 
 
Sagar Jethwani - Participant: 
Yes. And in HFC business, the credit costs have seen a sharp increase on a QoQ basis from 10 bps to 
1% now. So, what led to that? 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
Credit cost overall for FY26 was 0.5% and also our GNPA & NNPA YoY are down. In Q1, generally 1+ DPD, 
30+ DPD, 90+ DPD numbers are marginally up. Thus, in Q1 numbers, the credit cost is usually higher. 
However, it’ll correct during the course of the entire financial year.  
 
Our asset quality has been supreme, because in Q1, last year's GNPA was 1.4%, and currently is at 1.1%. 
The delta is only because of the seasonal increase from Q4FY26 to Q1FY27. 
 
Sagar Jethwani - Participant: 
And what sort of cost of borrowing reduction can we expect from the rating upgrade? 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
There are two larger forms of borrowings, one is from the capital markets and other is on the bank 
side. On the capital market side, our spreads have come down relative to the AAA players. Earlier 
spread was at 75 bps and now it is at about 30-35 bps. Also, our bank borrowings cost has come 
down if one looks at last 12 months. 
 
Hence, with the recent upgrade from CRISIL we further expect cost to rationalize by 15 to 20 bps over 
the course of next 12 to 18 months, considering our AA+ rating improvement. 
 
Sagar Jethwani - Participant: 
And in the July month, the volatility has again increased. So, could you comment on how the treasury 
book performance is as we speak? 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
A lot can change between 24th July (today) and 30th September. Thus, I would like to reiterate that the 
long-term compounded growth of treasury book at 40%, led 20% by IRR and the balance led by 
reinvestments of our operating PAT; this has been going on since March 2014, all the way till June 2026. 
We can slice and dice smaller time periods of 5 years, 3 years, etc, and still get similar outcomes. 
However, on a month-to-month basis or a week-to-week basis, these things could be quite volatile. 
 
Sagar Jethwani - Participant: 
Absolutely. And we have a strong IPO pipeline going ahead. So how do we see the capital markets 
segment performing? Some thoughts on that for the rest of the year? 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
The pipeline is very strong. However, this whole West Asia scenario keeps changing and is quite 
volatile. Signed mandates very substantial to show a strong growth in revenue on YoY basis. Also, the 
business is now reconciled to not having a one clean runway of the whole year, but having pockets of 
2 months or 3 months, multiple times in a year, maybe 2 or 3 times in a year to be able to execute this 
signed mandate pipeline. I'd like to guide you that mandate pipeline is very strong. If we get a good 
window in any quarter, then you will see a lot of execution resulting in a very strong growth. However, 
if there's a quarter where there's no such window, then this business would be quite volatile for the 
whole industry including us. Hence, FY27 as a whole, we'll witness growth. However, on a QoQ basis, it 
really depends on market. 
 
Sagar Jethwani - Participant: 
And lastly, the AMC and PWM PAT is up by 45% put together. Could you please give a split of both 
these segments? How much was AMC PAT higher and PWM as well? 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
PWM is flattish, up by 2% due to the lower TBR. Hence, the growth is led by the Asset Management 
businesses, which comprise of both the listed equities and the unlisted equities. I'd just like to highlight 
that; our average AUM last year was ₹1.57 lakh crores and currently we are tracking at nearly ₹2 lakh 
crores. So, the increase in base that is driving very strong growth, coupled with operating leverage. 
 
Also, multiple funds are crossing the 3-year vintage and they're best performing in their category 
along-with strengthening of SIP book. So that's a tailwind that will benefit us. However, importantly, as 
you may have seen from the Q3FY26, the alternate business in unlisted was also graduated now to 
having a lot of mature funds and so the accrued variable additional returns has started to build up. 
That is showing up in the Q1FY27 nos., but not in the Q1FY26 nos., because the income started kicking 
in only from Q3FY26.  
 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Hence, that income will be higher this year's quarters on YoY basis, but on QoQ basis it will be stable. 
Even the alternate business AUM has grown strongly and the accrued carry income has started 
kicking in.  All these factors are contributing to this abnormally high growth. We are hoping high 
growth will continue, at least for the current year. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nidhesh with Investec. 
 
Nidhesh Jain - Participant: 
The first question is on the Wealth Management business. So there has been a regulatory change on 
prop trading from 1st of July. So, how are we seeing the impact of that change on our Wealth 
Management revenue and trading volumes? 
 
Ajay Menon, CEO Wealth Management: 
There is no much impact because that is mainly impacting the brokers who are heavy on prop 
trading. From a liquidity perspective, it's very early to assess the impact because of the volatility in the 
markets. There is no impact for us on the overall business model, except some change on the intraday 
funding from the banks, which will have minor impact. Otherwise, it's too early to comment. 
 
Nidhesh Jain - Participant: 
And what would be the share of top traders in our Wealth Management business? 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
Our entire treasury book is invested largely in our own funds and very small part in direct equity. We 
don’t have any material activity in the prop trading, the one which is impacted due to the regulatory 
changes.. There is an impact on the overall market volume and the exchanges, but not for broking 
players like Motilal Oswal. 
 
Nidhesh Jain - Participant: 
Sure, sure. Helpful. And secondly, in the listed alternate, there has been a soft net flows for this quarter. 
So, what is the reason for that? Any fund closure that has happened in this quarter, which has led to 
outflows? What is driving that? And how should we build net flows in alternates business for the full 
year? 
 
Prateek Agrawal, MD and CEO, Asset Management: 
Alternates business itself had a tough quarter, given the overall geopolitical scenario which existed in 
this quarter. If we just put ourselves in the shoes of ultra-HNI and think about what is going on in the 
head, it has been a soft quarter. Except one player who continue to do well, I think everybody else 
consolidated. 
 
Our gross inflows were amongst the highest in the street. But because of the AUM which is ₹ 35,000+ 
crores on the alternate side and some amount of normal redemptions, the net has been negative for 
the quarter. As we speak from this month, actually, we are tracking net positive. 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
I’ll add two more points to what Prateek highlighted, first is that the performance of the products is 
exceptionally good, so that is not an issue at all. But from a market perspective, as you may have also 
observed, there's a whole plethora of structured debt, private credit, real assets, special opportunity 
type of funds has taken up a lot of the alternate allocation by private banks, by family offices, by HNI 
clients. 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Hence, I think that is what has also happened in this quarter because of which, as Prateek highlighted, 
barring one player, no other player has seen any significant inflows. And in terms of the gross sales, 
we continue to be among the top players in the listed alternate space. 
 
Nidhesh Jain - Participant: 
So, are there any funds launch planned through the year on alternate business? 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
On alternate side, in the listed equities, we don't really believe in launch proliferation of products. I 
think the headroom in our existing products itself is very large according to us. However, as far as the 
overall market is concerned, we highlighted to you that a variety of products on the credit side are 
coming up. You are aware that this quarter also, if you look at the alternate business overall, we had 
a net ₹800 crore flow on account of our private credit fund. And that credit fund will continue to see 
the residual flows in this second quarter. We already got the regulatory approval for our commercial 
real estate fund launch, and that should happen in the second half, as I guided. In market, there is 
flows in credit products. We are seeing strong flows in our own credit product in Q1FY27 which will 
continue in the residual 9 months. Further, we are also hopeful of the listed equity side alternates 
seeing flows in the coming quarter. 
 
Nidhesh Jain - Participant: 
Sure, sure. And have we booked any carry income in AMC this quarter? And what is the expected 
quantum that we will be likely to book through the year in terms of carry income in AMC? 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
As far as listed equities are concerned, we have not booked any carry income, which is meaningful, 
some very rounding of error. I think, in Q2 or Q3, you may see us report some number there. It's not 
something that I'd like to call out because it's all a function of the markets also.  
 
On unlisted equities - the number is ₹66 crores accrued as variable additional return for this quarter 
and will continue to recur around a similar level for the next 3 quarters as well as for the next year 
because there's a whole pipeline of products which will keep advancing and coming closer to 
maturity. 
 
Nidhesh Jain - Participant: 
Sure, sure. And last question is on Private Wealth. There also ARR net flows have been a bit soft this 
quarter. I think on a QoQ basis, there is a meaningful decline. On YoY, the net flows are okay. But on a 
QoQ basis, there is a bit of a decline in the Private Wealth business. 
 
Ashish Shanker, CEO Private Wealth: 
If you look at the net flows over a period of time, they've been quite strong. We've doubled the net 
flows over the last 3 years, from ₹10,000 crores to ₹20,000 crores. However, QoQ, the flows tend to be 
a bit more volatile because the preferences of clients in terms of allocation changes. We've seen more 
flows into direct fixed income assets this quarter. But these things tend to even out over the year. 
 
Nidhesh Jain - Participant: 
Sure, sure. And sir, just one last question on private wealth again. So there, actually, your TBR has been 
a bit volatile. What we have seen some of the peers have built a TBR, which is slightly more stable now, 
more granular. So how are we planning to build a much less volatile TBR? And if you can give some 
color on TBR, what is the composition of TBR in terms of unlisted shares, listed shares, structured deal, 
etc.? 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Ashish Shanker, CEO Private Wealth: 
Led by transaction flows and again the preferences also keep changing in terms of asset class. Last 
year, we had very strong sourcing in unlisted equity however this year is we are seeing very strong 
flows into fixed income as an asset class. So, over the course of the year, you will see this even out, 
and we see volumes also compensating for the high base that we had last year. 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
You will see fixed income and equities balancing out, and that should lend more stability to this. 
However, as you know that last few years have seen a very strong trend in unlisted paper, both credit 
and equity which was there in the base of the Q1FY26. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Umang Shah with Kotak Mutual Fund 
 
Umang Shah- Participant: 
Congrats on a good quarter. My question is somewhat related to what Nidhesh was asking on the 
alternates business. In terms of the carry income booking, so I can see that there are a few funds, both 
on private equity and real estate side, which are likely to get exited in FY27. So, our carry income 
assumptions are contingent upon the fact that exits get completed in FY27? Or if at all, let's say, if 
there is any delay because of market conditions, then there could be a spill over in FY28? 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
These assumptions have been made on a conservative basis, factoring in delays. The run rate that I 
articulated, which is ₹66 crores this quarter, will likely have around similar numbers for all of the 
quarters of this year and also for the next year. 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
Also, only around 70% of the fair value has been recognized. Thus, we are more conservative as 
remaining is recognized only on realization. 
 
Umang Shah- Participant: 
Okay. Okay. Understood. And from a growth perspective as well, obviously, there are a few exits and 
there are a few funds in the pipeline as well. So, on a net basis, we should not see any lumpiness in 
terms of AUM, right? I mean we should be able to still deliver reasonable net sales numbers for the 
year? Or there is a likelihood that there could be some lumpiness for FY27/FY28? 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
Because of a series of new products that we will launch, the overall income as well as ARR income of 
the unlisted alternates business on a YoY basis will continue to rise. Whatever number you've seen 
last year, this year's number would be higher and the next year, it will be higher than this year because 
of two reasons  
o 
The private credit fund will see the its final closure in the Q2. The commercial credit fund will 
be launched after that. And then we have a series of products to be launched even after that. 
Hence, the AUMs will keep rising. 
o 
For the same product, the subsequent series is always a higher AUM. So, if there's an outgoing 
AUM of the previous fund, there will be an incoming AUM, which is larger of the next fund. And 
unlike in listed alternates, in unlisted alternates, you book fees or you report fees on the 
amount raised, not on mark-to-market. 
 
So, we would like to guide that there should be a steady rise in both the fee income as well as the 
accrued carry income for this business. 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
 
Umang Shah- Participant: 
Understood. This is quite helpful. For the mutual fund business as well, I mean, last few years, we have 
seen a fair amount of additions in the team as well as on the product side. How does the product 
pipeline look over the next 12 to 18 months in terms of new scheme launches? And also, are there any 
more additions to the team required? Or we are pretty much done with people hiring? 
 
Prateek Agrawal, MD and CEO, Asset Management: 
In terms of mutual fund side, you should expect to see more offering on the passive side. On the active 
side, there would be fewer, but still over the next 12 months, there can be 4 to 5 new offers from our 
side. 
 
The big thing to focus on the AMC is that over the December’26 - Jan’27, we have 2 large funds, the 
small and the large cap funds, which will complete 3 years. Hence, it comes into the tracking of more 
distributors, more wealth platforms, which we believe should help flows. After that, within 3 months, a 
multi-cap category, which is again a mainline category, will come into the focus. 
 
So, lot to look forward from existing funds only over the next period starting December, while we will 
continue to populate the active side also, but fewer. Like it was told in the initial comments, the 
coverage that we have today is 87% of the active fund listing and the positions left are few. 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
Just to summarize, NFOs will be a far smaller contributor, but the vintage products, which are 
performing, we have a bigger hope of a large growth there. 
 
In terms of team addition, we keep adding as we are launching more funds as we will need more 
hands. There is no vacancy to fill. But opportunistically as well as from a longer-term perspective, we 
are looking to strengthen both the fund manager base as well as the research team on the active 
side as well as the passive side. 
 
Umang Shah- Participant: 
Understood. Understood. And my last question is on the SIP flows. Now I do see that, I mean, there has 
been a fair amount of improvement in the net sales numbers. However, for SIP, our market shares 
have remained range bound. This quarter, in fact, not just for yourself, but for most of your peers as 
well; we have seen a little sort of a mixed performance on the SIP front. 
 
Just wanted to understand, how has been your experience when it comes to investors? Is it some sort 
of a fatigue which is catching up? Or going forward, will it be more driven by returns? And specifically, 
for Motilal Oswal, I mean, is there a scope for market share improvement, especially on the SIP side? 
 
Prateek Agrawal, MD and CEO, Asset Management: 
We saw very strong market share improvement in SIPs. We tracked over ₹1,500 crores at our peak. 
Today, we are ₹1,350+ crores a month. Hence, our market share on SIPs is significantly higher than our 
AUM market share and it has been led by primarily mid-cap fund and to some extent, Large & Mid-
Cap fund and passives also. Now as our other categories, especially small cap, complete 3 years, we 
expect SIP flows to pick up in that category also taking up our overall market share. 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
As far as the fatigue in the industry is concerned, there are times when you see a spell of 6 to 12 months 
when there's strong growth, particularly when trailing 12-month returns look very exciting. But times 
like this where the trailing 12-month returns don't look that exciting, you do have stagnation. 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
So, I think, there is not long-term fatigue in this. But there are spells when you have strong growth and 
spells when you have flattish numbers. Good news is that we are not seeing any meaningful 
contraction as an industry in this number. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Neeraj Toshniwal with UBS. 
 
Neeraj Toshniwal- Participant: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. So, my question first on wealth management. I think on 
distribution assets, you've done a good job here steadily increasing the distribution book. So how 
should one think about -- the yields have also gone up? 
 
And the lending is obviously increasing across the board for the industry and for you guys. So how 
should one think about the distribution piece going forward? And what are we -- how the mix is 
changing in that the yields are also improving? 
 
Ajay Menon– CEO Wealth Management: 
The focus on distribution has been there for the last 3, 4 years, and we have got a dedicated team 
now in place. At the same time, if you look at the overall penetration, it's still very low compared to the 
overall transaction-related client base which we have got. We have got a dedicated team across the 
channels, who are working on the distribution across all our client network. 
 
We see that this will keep on building up from here across the ARR products where you'll have the 
consistent trail revenue and there will be some number of products from upfront income side also.  
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
As far as the yields are concerned, it is stable at around 70 basis points. 
 
Neeraj Toshniwal- Participant: 
Okay. This is helpful. Second question is on capital markets. I think employee cost has been fairly low 
for the last 2 quarters. Is this a stable run rate or we can assume that with the activity picking up, there 
could be some increase here because it has been fairly low? 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
That is because of the variable portion of costs which is linked to the revenues. In Q4FY26 and Q1FY27 
overall revenue pie has been fairly a bit volatile. Hence, the variable component actually goes down 
and the fixed cost remains constant. So, you will see a bit of volatility in the people cost on account of 
the lower variable cost. 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
Variable component in the employee cost in that business is higher and so cost-to-income ratio that 
probably be more stable. But if you look at the absolute number, it will vary depending on how much 
top line is coming through. 
 
Neeraj Toshniwal- Participant: 
Got it. That is helpful. Then the other bit was, I think, already that has been debated in the call on the 
flow side. Just wanted some more color on the private wealth and also on the AMC. I think AMC, we 
have kind of stabilized within the MF side. 
 
And as you're mentioning that there's a couple of closing of 3 years of the timelines are there for some 
schemes. We might see some improvement here. So how do you think about the flow trajectory? Any 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
guidance in terms of flows in terms of opening AUM across the board within AMC and within Private 
Wealth? 
 
Prateek Agrawal, MD and CEO, Asset Management: 
Period by period, we have been tracking higher than our AUM market share in terms of net flows. As 
our large new schemes complete 3 years, that should increase. 
 
Now the second manner of thinking is if the net flows in the industry are lower than SIP, then it 
constrains a younger AMC like us. We have noticed net flows in the industry are more than SIP flows 
and if the performance looks competitive, the impact on net flows on us is more positive. It is quite a 
few variables which are there, which need to interact for the net number to happen. 
 
Now lastly, our digital flows continue to track stronger. So there, we continue to maintain or increase 
market share. Now digital itself is increasing market share amongst all channels in the industry. In 
some sense, we believe chances of us sustaining a better than industry growth rate, better than our 
AUM market share on net flows, is a very good possibility. 
 
Neeraj Toshniwal- Participant: 
Can you quantify, do we have digital market share as of now and maybe a year back. 
 
Prateek Agrawal, MD and CEO, Asset Management: 
We would have increased by 110 bps. In Q1FY26, we were getting ~6% market share. From there, we are 
today ~7%.  
 
Our overall net flows market share versus our AUM market share has continued to be higher all 
through. In terms of what we do on a month, we are between ₹700 crores and ₹1,200 crores net on 
active equities.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Neha with Abakkus Investment Managers. 
 
Neha- Participant: 
Most of my questions have been answered. Just one question on the expenses side. So, if you could 
please explain why the employee expenses have increased substantially this quarter. So QoQ, there's 
an increase of 16%. So, is there any one-off that is coming? 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
QoQ increase relates to the annual performance appraisal cycle, which has been closed and the 
increment, which is actually effective from 1st of April of this financial year. So, most of the portion of 
the increase is on account of the cost increment on the people side. 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
And on a YoY basis, its headcount led. 
 
Neha- Participant: 
Okay. And sir, specifically for the AMC business also, the number has increased almost 2x. So, is that 
because of the same reason? 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
In AMC in Q4FY26, there was a one-time reversal of an ESOP line item due to lapse of options, The 
current quarter is a normalized cost versus last quarter reversal. So sequentially to that extent it will 
look higher when compared with Q4FY26. 
 
Neha- Participant: 
Okay. So, the number that we have seen in Q1 will be the normalized number going forward? 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
Not just for AMC, but also for the group. 
 
Neha- Participant: 
Okay. And sir, just lastly, on the PBT margins. So, if you can just share some view on where do we see 
that going forward? So, I think last year, it was about 52.5%. So where do we see that? And if the 
incremental increase will come, which would be the segments that will drive the expansion going 
forward? 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
If we look at historically and our last few years, our margins have been around the range of 50% to 
52%. Q1 of this year is also around 52%. We expect, historically the margins that we had to sustain over 
the course of current financial year. 
 
Even the bulk of our costs are variable. For eg. in our Wealth Management business, about 70% of the 
costs are variable. To that extent, the ability to sustain our margins because of the higher portion of 
variable costs is also strong. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh with Citigroup. 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh- Participant: 
The first two questions on the Wealth Management side or the overall wealth piece. I think in the 
presentation, you mentioned that the cross-sell ratio is around 18%. Now there are two parts to this 
question. 
One is I wanted to understand, do you include, let's say, if a customer is doing broking and let's say, 
MTF utilizing MTF also, do you -- would you include them as a cross-sell? Or is it like when the customer 
kind of purchase any distributed products or mutual funds or PMS, then you kind of consider it as 
cross-sell? I just wanted to understand the definition. 
And second, in terms of this 18%, let's say, going to 20%, 30%, the other way to look at it is probably 
trying to understand the share of broking revenues from, let's say, the top 20% customers or top 30% 
customers. I mean if you can give some color on that so that we can understand how much this 18% 
can increase to? 
The second question is on the MTF book. I think similar to the industry, you have also witnessed a 
strong increase in that book. Just in terms of adoption rates or hit rates amongst your existing 
customer base, can you give some color and how much this book can further grow in terms of 
adoption amongst the existing customer base? 
So those are the two questions on the wealth side. Now on the -- I have one question on Capital 
Markets business, if you can give the IB pipeline over the next 12 months... 
 
Ajay Menon, CEO of Wealth Management 
MTF is not considered in distribution. This 18% is without considering MTF. We only consider asset 
products, which are being sold as part of the distribution network.  
 

 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Regarding the MTF book growth. It's in the line of industry growth. The potential to grow for us is much 
higher because we have been always into this advisory led HNI business with focus on high-quality 
clients where our ARPU has always been higher. We see that there's a good scope to penetrate further 
in the MTF book at an overall level and that this can be a good growth potential going forward. 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh- Participant: 
Any one small follow-up. Any quantification on the current hit rate amongst your existing cash 
customer base from an MTF perspective? I mean, how much of your cash customers would be utilizing 
MTF for the product? 
 
Ajay Menon, CEO of Wealth Management 
I don't have this number immediately, but we can share it. I think it will be around in the range of 15%. 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
Also, on the MTF side, we have very healthy yields and spreads because our cost of fund trajectory 
and our overall low leverage, gives us more delta in the P&L. While book has grown 54% YoY and the 
average book has also started catching up, which would result in a delta on the absolute NII growth. 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh- Participant: 
Got it. Fair enough. On the Capital Markets business, any color on the pipeline for IB revenues over the 
next 12 months now that primary markets are kind of improving a little bit? 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
Basically, the signed mandate pipeline is quite strong. This quarter, we reported a strong growth as 
well. Markets have been quite volatile because of the West Asian scenario. If we get few windows of 
deals happening, then I think our segment pipeline is quite substantial for us to be clocking revenues. 
 
There's a high probability that we should show a reasonable growth in this business on a YoY basis. 
But if deals are not happening, then it's all contingent on execution, and not contingent on pipeline. 
Pipeline is there. 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh- Participant: 
Fair enough. Just two small questions on the Private Wealth business. One is if I look at your recurring 
assets on the Private Wealth business, it looks like the closing AUM is meaningfully higher than the 
average AUM. I mean, compared to even the industry numbers for AUMs of mutual fund industry or 
something like that as a proxy. 
 
So, is it like the flows were more back-ended? Or is it a function of the asset mix in that particular 
distribution and recurring basket? Some color on that would be useful, the divergence between 
closing AUM and average AUM on the recurring side. 
 
And second, in the Private Wealth also loan book is growing quite fast. I mean we don't get color on 
the book, whether it's MTF, LAPs, ESOP financing. So yes, some color on that would also be helpful. 
 
Ashish Shanker, CEO of Private Wealth: 
In Private Wealth business there is a breakup of custody assets, ARR as well as TBR assets. The ARR 
assets have been going up quite steadily. Sometimes when we get a transfer in our DP or some 
promoter assets, the overall AUM tends to get bumped up. But the ARR AUMs are steadier in nature 
and sequentially, they've been going up gradually. 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 

 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Closing AUM on the ARR side is up 40% and the average AUM is up 36% which is largely in line. So, it 
isn’t back-ended  
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
But the absolute number itself is strong because the base is still small. We've added a lot of RMs. They 
are getting productive. We would like to see this number continuing to grow strongly at similar rates 
in the future also. 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh- Participant: 
Sure, the loan book mix in the Private Wealth business? 
 
Ashish Shanker, CEO of Private Wealth: 
This would be all related to LAS & MTF meaningfully. Very under-indexed if you compare ourselves 
with the other private wealth players. It's a very, very tiny book as of now. 
 
So, the headroom to grow is there and hence, NII forming a part of the recurring revenue base to be 
greater. That is something that you should see happening over the next 2 to 3 years. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Mohit Mangal with Centrum. 
 
Mohit Mangal- Participant: 
My first question is specifically towards the private wealth management. I think we have seen a steady 
growth in net flows. So, two questions over there that first is basically, have you seen any increase in 
the wallet size of existing clients? And second is, if you can throw some colour on basically the net 
flows of existing versus new clients, that would be helpful. 
 
Ashish Shanker, CEO of Private Wealth: 
If you see even the wallet size per customer has steadily moved up, we are now closer to ₹25 crores. 
And even the AUM per banker is now closer to ₹550 crores. Thus, that number has steadily moved up. 
 
Also, the flows from newer customers in any year would be around 20% and 80% is basically 
deepening from existing customers. 
 
Mohit Mangal- Participant: 
Yes, yes. So, my second question is towards the RM count. So, we have seen about 25% increase in the 
overall RM to 441. And you also said that the productivity has also improved for RMs. So, are we going 
to go that aggressive on hiring RMs? Or are we going to slow down on that? 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
Last year, obviously, there was a meaningful step up. This year, the composition of RM additions will 
be fewer in numbers, but much higher in cost, targeted at the family offices. Thus, the cost increase 
will continue to be there, but headcount increase will be lesser in FY27 compared to FY26. 
 
Mohit Mangal- Participant: 
Understood. My last question is basically on the breakeven. So, I just wanted to know basically a typical 
RM, how much time does it take to breakeven? And do you also face any attrition issues in that aspect? 
 
 
Ashish Shanker, CEO of Private Wealth: 

 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Typically, bankers at an aggregate level, breakeven around 2 to 3 years. However, what we are seeing, 
which is quite encouraging, is some of the senior bankers that we are hiring are breaking even much 
faster. I guess that's also the function of the kind of platform that we have because the platform 
enables the bankers to breakeven much faster than what normally happens. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Saket Mehrotra with Tusk Investments. 
 
Saket Mehrotra- Participant: 
I have a question on your data book. See, for Private Wealth this quarter, we are reporting ₹157 crores 
as ARR and the distribution is ₹110 crores. And last year, it was ARR was ₹111 crores and distribution was 
₹166 crores. So, I'm just trying to understand what is the bridge between the two would be very helpful 
to understand that. 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
Yes. The bridge between the two is actually the net interest income on the lending book of ₹4,200 
crores. And NII earned on that is the bridge because NII is also part of the ARR. 
 
Saket Mehrotra- Participant: 
Okay. So, your net interest income this quarter was ₹91 crores. Yes. So, you're saying some part of that 
is ARR and some part is transactional? 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
The entire Net Interest Income is ARR. There is no transactional in it. 
 
Saket Mehrotra- Participant: 
Okay. So, within distribution, there is some element of transaction? 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
Yes, That's right. 
 
Saket Mehrotra- Participant: 
Okay. Okay. The second question I have is in your AMC reporting, there's a line on variable additional 
returns. How does one read into it? Is this the carried interest of your AIF investments or -- I'm sorry, 
like I'm not aware of how this number should be read. So, could you just help me understand that? 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
This is not pertaining to the listed equities AIF. This is pertaining to the private equity, unlisted equities, 
Residential credit and going forward private credit will also have. So, this is a globally accepted 
practice followed by Blackstone and everybody else. 
 
As funds mature, they start kicking in. It started kicking in for us from Q3FY26. It will gradually rise as 
Shali explained earlier that we consider only 70% of the fair value while reporting this number. So, 
there's a buffer. We've reported ₹66 crores this quarter. We expect around similar numbers for the 
next 3 quarters and a higher number for the next year. Thus, this is consistent and stable that you will 
see. 
 
 
Saket Mehrotra- Participant: 
Okay. And this is a part of your ARR? 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
Yes, that's a part of ARR. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Shalibhadra Shah for the closing remarks. 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services, I would like to thank every participant for attending the 
Q1 FY27 conference call. In case if there are any further questions, please do get in touch with our 
Investor Relations desk. Thank you, and have a good day. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services, that concludes 
this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Please contact ir@motilaloswal.com for any queries. 
 
Disclaimer: The reader is requested to also refer to audio recording of the call uploaded on company website. Our conference call 
transcripts are edited to correct any grammatical inaccuracies or inconsistencies of English language that might have occurred 
inadvertently while speaking. 
