E] 
pInt>
Z§r
Amrit Mahotsav
...the name you can BANK upon!
Share Department, Board & Coordination Division, Head Office Plot No.4 Sector IO, Dwarka,
New Delhi-llO075, E-mail: hQ sd@pnb.bqnk.in
Scrip Code : PNB
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza”
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
Mumbai - 400 051
Scrip Code : 532461
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
DalaI Street,
Mumbai – 400 001
Date: 24.07.2026
Dear Sir(s),
Reg.: Transcript of the Earnings Call with Analysts/Investors on Unaudited /
Reviewed Financial Results for the quarter ended 30th June, 2026
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with 15(b)(iii) Para A Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI
(LODR) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Call
with the Analysts/ Investors on the Unaudited / Reviewed Financial Results for the
quarter ended 30th June, 2026, held on 18.07.2026. The same is also available at
https://pnb.bank.in/financials-current.html .
The above is for your information and record, please.
Thanking you,
(Bikramjit Shorn)
Company Secretary
Enclosed: As above
dana 69aFI &M punjab national bank
uvrq61zlf6ia, nic d.4, Ma-lo, 
atm, q{ fM- 
1 lo075
Head Office: Plot No. 4, Sector - 10, Dwarka. New Delhi 1 10075 India
pnb.bank.in
T: 01 1 28075000. 28045000
(B8({rDq$6)pnbindia (@ www.pnb.bank.in
©
\\•
A\
naia aqlala am
wtt+ Tr xdk 
!
punjab national bank
...the name you can BANK upon !
BIKRAMJIT 
SHOM
Digitally signed by BIKRAMJIT SHOM 
DN: st=West Bengal, 
serialNumber=6f2651546fb6d9dcaa692
694280f1d0198f3f1283652a85f10889a4
5fae593e8, postalCode=700039, 
o=Personal, c=IN, cn=BIKRAMJIT SHOM 
Date: 2026.07.24 15:34:01 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
“Punjab National Bank 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 18, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHOK CHANDRA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – PUNJAB NATIONAL 
BANK 
 
MR. M. PARAMASIVAM – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
PUNJAB NATIONAL BANK 
 
MR. AMIT KUMAR SRIVASTAVA – EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR – PUNJAB NATIONAL BANK 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. PALAK SHAH – ELARA SECURITIES PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Punjab National Bank 
July 18, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Punjab National Bank Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Elara Securities Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Palak Shah from Elara Securities 
Private Limited. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Palak Shah: 
Hello everyone and welcome to Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call of Punjab National Bank. 
Today we have with us the management of the bank headed by Mr. Ashok Chandra, MD and 
CEO; Mr. Paramasivam, Executive Director; and Mr. Amit Kumar Srivastava, Executive 
Director. With this introduction, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Sunil Kumar Goyal, 
Chief General Manager, Strategic Management and Economic Advisory Division,  post which 
the MD sir will address the conference. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sunil Kumar Goyal: 
Good afternoon. I am reading out the disclaimer. The statements made during this meet may 
contain forward-looking statements apart from historical information. These forward-looking 
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual 
results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. Punjab 
National Bank undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events 
or circumstances after the present date. Thank you and now I am handing over to our MD sir for 
opening remarks. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. We have started the financial year on a strong note, 
building on the momentum of the last few years. Our performance this quarter reflects balanced 
and sustainable growth across all key parameters: business expansion, asset quality, profitability, 
operational efficiency, and customer service. We remain firmly on track to achieve the guidance 
and strategic priorities for financial year 26-27. 
 
Our growth strategy continues to be driven by the retail, agriculture, and MSME segments. We 
are expanding our customer franchise through focused acquisition, digital-first delivery, and a 
calibrated expansion of our branch network. During the year, we plan to open 250 new branches 
with a special focus on strengthening our presence in the southern and western region. 
Technology and digital transformation remain at the heart of our growth strategy. We continue 
to invest in digital capabilities, automation, and analytics to enhance customer experience, 
improve productivity, and build a scalable future-ready banking franchise. 
 
Our asset quality continues to strengthen, supported by disciplined underwriting, robust 
monitoring, and focused recovery efforts. At the same time, our emphasis on business quality 
and operational efficiency has translated into steady growth in both operating profit and net 
profit. With this brief overview, let me now take you through the bank's performance for the 
quarter. 
 
First, I will touch upon the business growth. The quarter ended June 2026 marked another period 
of consistent financial performance driven by balanced growth and sustained strategic 

 
 
 
 
Punjab National Bank 
July 18, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
momentum. Our gross global business reached to INR29.98 lakh crores, making a healthy 10.2% 
Y-o-Y growth. 
Our advances grew by 12.7% Y-o-Y to INR12.73 lakh crores despite a INR22,411 crores low-
yielding IBPC exposure reduction, largely from the retail portfolio. Excluding the impact of the 
IBPC book, core advances recorded a strong 15.4% Y-o-Y growth, underscoring sustained credit 
demand and healthy business momentum. 
 
Our core RAM book has witnessed decent growth with retail book, excluding IBPC, growing at 
17.5%. MSME is growing at 19.8% and agri priority sector at 16.4%. Credit growth momentum 
is expected to remain strong backed by a robust sanction pipeline. The bank sanctioned more 
than INR95,500 crores of credit facilities during first quarter of FY2026-27and total of INR1.38 
lakh crores is pending for disbursement. 
 
Global deposits of the bank have reached to INR17.25 lakh crores, up 8.5% on the Y-o-Y basis. 
Our CASA strategy is centered on deepening individual saving account balance, which grew by 
9.3% Y-o-Y, reflecting steady customer acquisition and stronger customer engagement. The 
credit-deposit ratio increased to 73.8%. However, it still provides adequate balance sheet 
flexibility to support credit expansion while allowing the bank to remain selective in raising 
higher cost deposits. 
 
Now I will touch the profitability part. Improving profitability remains a key management 
priority. Profitability is a core agenda item in all our business review meetings with field 
functionaries and has been incorporated into their performance evaluation framework. In the 
previous meets, I informed that we will see Q-o-Q improvement in the margins in FY 2026-27 
and we have started to witness the same. 
 
Our domestic NIM, which was 2.61% last quarter, it has gone to 2.64%. And the global NIM 
was 2.47% in the Q4, which has gone to 2.50%. I am confident to witness healthy Q-o-Q 
improvement in margins in the coming quarters and achieving our guidance for the financial 
year '26-'27. 
 
Our NII, which was negative in previous financial year, has also turned positive in the Q1 and 
has remained at INR10,798 crores with sequential growth of 4%. Operating profits of the bank 
is also increasing on a sequential basis. 
Operating profits for the Q1 of this year is INR7,519 crores as against the INR7,081 crores of 
Q1 of last year, witnessing a growth rate of 6.2%. Our core operating profit, excluding recovery 
from written-off accounts and treasury gains, have witnessed a Y-o-Y growth of 35.7%. Net 
profit of the bank for Q1 stands at INR5,253 crores. 
 
Now I will touch upon the efficiency ratio. Our return on asset is consistently above 1% and is 
at 1.04% in Q1 of this financial year. Our return on equity stands at 17.33%. EPS is 4.57, not 
annualized for this quarter.  

 
 
 
 
Punjab National Bank 
July 18, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Our tangible book value per share as on 30th June 2026 is 108.58, which has significantly 
improved from the level of 92.64 as on 30th June 2025. We are quite mindful of improving our 
cost-to-income ratio and the same has reduced to 50.31% in Q1 of this year as against 55.31% 
in Q1 of last year. 
 
Asset quality. Asset quality continues to strengthen with gross NPA declining to 2.78% as on 
30th June 2026 from the level of 3.78%, 100 basis point decline is there. And net NPA improving 
to 0.28% as on 30th June from the level of 0.38% as on 30th June 2025, so 10 basis point 
improvement is there in the net NPA also. This reflects our disciplined credit and recovery 
framework and keeps us well on track to achieve our financial year '26-'27 guidance for both 
gross NPA and net NPA. 
 
As of now, we have not seen any material impact of geopolitical tensions on the bank's asset 
quality. Our slippages remain contained, SMA accounts are stable, and the overall credit 
portfolio continues to perform well. Our PCR stands at 97.23% as on 30th June 2026, which is 
well above our guidance of more than 96% for financial year 2027. Total fresh slippages during 
the Q1 of 2027 was INR2,080 crores as against INR1,886 crores in Q1 of FY26. 
 
Our guidance for slippages ratio was to remain below 0.9% in FY 2027 and we are well within 
our guidance level as slippages ratio for this year is 0.68%. Total recovery stood at INR2,789 
crores for Q1 of this year and our recovery is 1.34x of the slippages in Q1 of this year, reflecting 
our commitment towards improving asset quality. 
 
We have made additional floating provision of INR390 crores on prudential basis in Q1 of this 
year, making our total floating provision at INR2,435 crores. There is consistent improvement 
in the SMA book and overall SMA stands at 2.9% of the overall loan book. 
 
I will highlight the asset quality and underwriting standard. In fact, from the 1st July 2020 to 
30th June 2026, that is a 6 years period, we have sanctioned around INR14.74 lakh crores loans, 
out of which we have disbursed around INR12.92 lakh crores loans. The outstanding in these 
loans is INR8.94 lakh crores, which is close to 70% of our total outstanding loan book. 
 
The NPA in this book is hardly INR5,486 crores, which is only 0.42% of the disbursed amount 
under fresh credit underwriting, which is for the last 6 years. So, this speaks about the credit 
underwriting standard of our bank. Now I will highlight the capital structure. Our capital 
adequacy is 18.13% as on 30th June 2026, compared to 17.50% as on 30 June 2025, against the 
regulatory requirement of 11.50%. 
 
Our CET1 capital stands at 14.52% against the regulatory requirement of 8%. Tier 1 capital 
stands at 16.03% against the regulatory requirement of 9.5% and Tier 2 capital stands at 2.10% 
as at 30th June 2026. More than 86% of the total externally rated advance above INR25 crores 
are above A rated and more than 52% are AAA rated, which reflects our balance sheet strength 
from risk point of view. 
 
Bank is doing a lot of activities on the digital front, and digital banking continues to be a strong 
growth driver for the bank. After crossing the milestone of INR1 lakh crores in cumulative 

 
 
 
 
Punjab National Bank 
July 18, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
digital loan sanctions earlier this year, we are on track to add another INR1 lakh crores during 
the current financial year. In Q1 alone, our digital credit sanctions are more than INR19,000 
crores. 
 
This growth is being powered by innovative solutions such as Digi Lakhpati Didi, e-Prime 
Minister SVANidhi scheme and our newly launched emergency credit line, helping us expand 
credit access and improve customer convenience. Digital adoption is accelerating rapidly. While 
every third loan was sanctioned digitally in the last quarter of the previous year, today, every 
second loan is being sanctioned through the digital channel. 
 
On the transaction side, over 95% of the customer transactions are now digital. We are also 
actively supporting the RBI and government initiatives for CBDC and other digital public 
infrastructure projects, reinforcing our commitment to India's digital transformation journey. 
Artificial intelligence is emerging as a key growth and transformation driver for the bank. 
 
We have already deployed AI-powered solutions across customer service, employee 
productivity, learning and credit processes, delivering tangible business benefits. Going forward, 
we are scaling AI and machine learning across operations, analytics, risk management, and 
decision-making with a strong focus on responsible AI governance and regulatory compliance. 
 
We believe AI will be a key differentiator in making our bank more results, efficient and 
customer-centric. PNB is taking early steps towards becoming quantum ready. We have 
deployed quantum-safe encryption in customer-facing applications and developing quantum-
based banking use cases such as mule account detection. This reflects our commitment to staying 
ahead in quantum safe banking involvement and innovation. 
 
Bank is doing very well under the human resources front and strengthening the employees' 
engagement. The bank has partnered with 29 professors of practice and 4 premier institutions, 
ISB Hyderabad, MDI Gurugram, IPE Hyderabad, and U-Next Learning by Manipal Academy 
to strengthen capability building through specialized training, research and future-ready 
learning. 
 
The bank has introduced AR and VR-based training models available in 8 languages to deliver 
immersive learning and strengthen workforce capability through technology-enabled training. 
In partnership with Microsoft, the bank has launched an AI training and certification program 
for all officers to build future-ready digital capabilities. 
 
My concluding remarks, the bank is strengthening its core franchise by expanding its CASA 
base and accelerating growth in retail, agriculture, MSME portfolio, laying the foundation for 
sustainable growth, stronger margins and improved operational efficiency. 
Our disciplined risk management approach supported by prudent underwriting, controlled 
slippages and focused recoveries continues to strengthen asset quality while digital and 
workforce transformation are enhancing productivity and customer experience. 

 
 
 
 
Punjab National Bank 
July 18, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
Credit cards, cash management services and supply chain finance continue to emerge as key 
growth engines, delivering a strong business momentum and supporting diversification of our 
revenue streams. With a strong balance sheet, disciplined execution and multiple growth drivers 
in place, the bank remains well positioned to deliver consistent and sustainable value creation. 
 
Thank you very much, and I am open for any questions, clarification related with the 
performance of our bank. 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentleman, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Tara Capital. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Congratulations. So, I have a couple of questions. So firstly, in terms of margins, I know you 
gave your guidance and outlook. But how sustainable are these? Because we are seeing margin 
expansion at state-owned banks, and we are seeing margin contraction in quite a few private 
banks. So how sustainable are these margins? Do you think you can hold these margins? What 
are the pressures of positive triggers going ahead for margins? 
 
And also, in terms of growth, while you've done well on NII, your growth is slightly lower than 
other PSUs. So, what is the plan here in terms of catch-up and in terms of focus areas? So, these 
are my 2 questions. And then also, if you could talk a bit about your target of FCNR deposit 
mobilization and whether you are already seeing good demand or not? 
Ashok Chandra: 
First, I will touch the margin part. And if you recall our interaction in the last quarter, where I 
had mentioned that almost all the higher deposit repricing -- are likely to be completed by May, 
and that has already happened now. 
And bank has also mindful of the higher cost deposits, and that is the reason we are absolutely 
not there in the bulk deposit market and the CD market. And very cautiously we have kept the 
deposit growth at 8.5%. And this has contributed in the deposit cost of deposit and 34 basis point 
improvement has happened in the cost of deposit if you compare the Y-o-Y.  
And we are going to continue this strategy because since beginning I am talking about the 
profitability and rejigging of the balance sheet we are doing it, like I am talking about the low-
yielding IBPC which the bank was holding it. We have started diluting those things and despite 
diluting INR22,000 crores IBPC Y-o-Y, still we are having a growth of more than 10% in the 
credit overall.  
So this is going to continue and whatever the low-yielding corporate advances are there, that 
also we have shed to the tune of around INR34,000 crores, INR35,000 crores in the first quarter 
of this year. And with that we are still able to maintain a growth in the credit and that too the 
growth in the NII and the NIM.  
And this strategy is going to continue till we are coming out of all these low-yielding advances 
and you will see the improvement in the NII and the NIM in every quarter now onwards. So that 
is the first point which I wanted to address to you. Second point related with this itself is the 
growth. Growth if you see, I will give you some numbers.  

 
 
 
 
Punjab National Bank 
July 18, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
The retail growth, if I exclude the IBPC, which I am mindful of reducing it wherever the low-
yielding the IBPCs are there. If I exclude the from the retail part, we have grown at 17.5% in the 
core retail. MSME we have grown at more than 19.8%. Agri sector in the priority sector we have 
grown at 16.4%.  
Corporate loan book is also has grown at 10%. So it is only because there are some rebalancing 
we are doing it in the loan book, we are seeing the overall loan book is growing at around 12.5%. 
Otherwise, bank is absolutely poised for the good growth with profitability. Profitability is the 
topmost parameter we have kept ourselves and within that whatever business generation is likely 
to happen, we will do the business.  
Now coming to the FCNR part, I think it is appropriate time this RBI has announced and this 
has brought down the deposit rate in the market and overall mobilization which the bank has 
already announced that we are going to mobilize 2.5 billion USD under this route. Already 
USD425 million we have mobilized till yesterday and we are seeing the good traction.  
Whatever the commitment which we have given and we have set the target for ourselves, that is 
the USD2.5 billion through the FCNR route, we are going to mobilize that and to that extent I 
think our cost of deposit will also come because you are aware that whatever mobilization we 
are doing it, it will not go for the CRR and SLR, so that exemption is also there. So finally the 
cost of deposit will come down in the long run. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Okay sir, thank you very much and all the best. Thank you. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Thank you. Thank you, madam. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jai Mundhra from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Yes hi sir, good afternoon. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, you mentioned in your opening 
remarks that SMA 1, SMA 2 at the bank level is around 2.9%. Can you also share SMA 1 number 
sir at the bank level? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes. SMA 1 is INR7,942 crores and percentage wise it is. 
Jai Mundhra: 
The percentage is okay sir. And SMA 0 sir would be how much sir?  
Ashok Chandra: 
SMA 0 is 1.55%, SMA 1 is 0.62% and SMA 2 is 0.73%. All put together it is 2.9%. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Okay. Okay, sure. And sir, then now last time when we had spoken on ECL, I think the final 
guidelines have come and you would have had chance to have a thorough look on the ECL. 
What is your assessment on the transitional provisioning requirement under ECL one time and 
then if you can talk about the recurring impact because you may have to provide on the non-
funded exposure etcetera? 
Ashok Chandra: 
See, the final digital calculations are on way now and last time also I had indicated that in the 
month of October through the digital route we will be able to figure it out, but rough calculation 

 
 
 
 
Punjab National Bank 
July 18, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
which the bank has done and last time also we had indicated and as on today also we are in the 
same range around INR9,500 to INR10,000 crores, that is the one-time exercise bank has to do. 
And I think going forward also we have seen around 10 to 12 basis point impact will be there on 
quarter-to-quarter basis. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Okay, sure. Sir, on IBPC, right? So if I look at this quarter presentation, they still have around 
INR28,000 crores of IBPC, right? So do you think this will run down over the next one, two 
quarters or the run down could be slightly gradual?  
Ashok Chandra: 
Now fortunately there are around 80% of that is at a very good price. See, why IBPC we had 
reduced it because of the low-yielding side. Now almost we have cleaned, there are around 
INR7,000 crores, INR8,000 crores still it is at a lower rate and that is getting matured in this 
quarter. So we will be totally out from that. So final outstanding for another 90 days or Yes 120 
days will be around INR16,000 to INR17,000 crores and that is at a good price that is matching 
with our requirement, our requirement. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. So then no more IBPC drag will be there, right, after this quarter after you let us say 
remove INR10,000 crores. So that is good. And sir on FCNR (B), you mentioned that you have 
raised already USD400 million. Are you also offering leverage product or how does this work 
and what is the blended let us say leverage that you may be offering? 
Ashok Chandra: 
No, we are offering the leverage also, but we have not means exercised and the leverage as of 
now in a bigger way. Most of these things are coming without leverage. I think 100 out of 425 
million, around 200 million -- 200 million has come through the leverage side. Otherwise all the 
core the deposits under the FCNR are coming. But we have the leverage product and we are 
working on that. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Okay. And sir if I may last question from my side is sir what has happened to this IL&FS Tamil 
Nadu Power? I mean there I thought we had excess provisioning there we had resolved, has you 
accounted everything or what is going to happen there? 
Ashok Chandra: 
No, we are still holding it, around INR1,000 crores provision still we are holding it. That is the 
kitty we have now on positive side. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Okay. So you -- would you, I mean, so what stops you from not accounting and... 
Ashok Chandra: 
We will use this. In this financial year we will use this. Maybe in Q2 or Q3 we will use that fund. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Do you need any approval from any auditor or RBI to use that or that is your discretion kind of 
a thing? 
Ashok Chandra: 
No, no, there -- all the approvals are in place now. Nothing no challenge now. We can do that. 
All those approvals are there. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Okay. All right, thank you sir and all the very best. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Thank you. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
Punjab National Bank 
July 18, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Aggarwal from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good number sir. Sir, I have two questions. One 
is on the provision, that extra provision that you're making quarter every quarter. So what is the 
overall approach that you're looking at? Like by when do you look to complete this provisioning 
requirement? Any set timeline that you're looking at in terms of the total coming up to the total 
number? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Shall I answer now or you have any other? 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Yes, so okay I'll go ahead with the second also sir. Second question is around the opex growth. 
Now for us like opex growth this quarter is like a decline and we used to incur a high PSLC cost, 
so where it has come down and by when do you think we will be able to completely plug this 
gap and in fact go on to earn PSLC income? 
So by how are you seeing that trajectory and therefore overall how are you looking at the cost-
income ratio because that has been one of the drag on our ROA versus other banks. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes, all the three things I will answer you. First is the floating provision which the bank is 
keeping it. This quarter we have kept INR390 crores and thereby the total floating provision is 
INR2,435 crores. We will be doing it in every quarter of this financial year and anyway from 
the next financial year 1st April onwards, I think ECL has to be implemented. 
So in a true way all these floating provision which is there, I think that will be used for the 
migration purpose now. And thereby what rough estimation which we have done around 10 to 
12 basis point on running basis, the credit cost will be there on account of the ECL migration. 
So this is all about the ECL transmission. 
Bank is totally poised to have one-time migration also, that decision we will take at the 
appropriate time. But we have enough cushion in the capital front. And I think there is no 
challenge as far as the ECL implementation is concerned. Second part is PCL. I think last year, 
if you remember in every con-call I was touching upon this point that PNB has a large presence 
having 10,300 branches and most of these branches are in the agri sector. 
So a lot of activities we have started, coming out the agri outreach activity, self-help group 
outreach activity. And all those efforts have yielded good result. Field has responded very well 
and the ultimate result is that last year in the first quarter we had incurred INR893 crores, almost 
INR900 crores to purchase the PSLC and this year that amount is only INR360 crores. 
And with this activity which the bank is doing it, I think next year we don't require the PSLC 
and internally we have set a target at least INR5,000 crores to INR10,000 crores we should be 
the seller in the market. With the activity which the bank is doing it, with the agri gold loan 
which was very subdued in our bank and that is growing at 100% now.  

 
 
 
 
Punjab National Bank 
July 18, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
So that gives lot of cushion for us to use that PSLC for all those the gap purpose and also for the 
selling purpose if we have enough in the next financial year. I will give you the number. Last 
year on the gold loan, our total exposure was INR15,694 crores in the June '25. Today we have 
INR31,888 crores almost INR32,000 crores. So 103% growth is there. 
What was happening, we had only 3,000 branches they were doing the gold loan. Now with the 
RBI the policies in place, guidelines are there, so there is a full clarity is there on the gold loan 
front now. So thereby another 3,400 branches we have added this year in the gold loan banking 
and we have provided all the infrastructure and everything. 
So we are expecting that around INR59,000 crores INR60,000 crores our portfolio should be 
there by end of this financial year. And that will help us in reaching the PSLC as well as if any 
surplus will be there, I think we will be able to sell it. But definitely next year we don't require 
the purchasing of the PSLC. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Okay, sir. And sir any -- Yes, sorry. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Your third part was the operating profit and the operational cost? 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Yes, cost income, yes. 
Ashok Chandra: 
See, the cost-to-income ratio every quarter there is a reduction and from 55% last year in the 
same period, we have brought it down to 50% now. And all those the activity which the bank is 
doing it, especially the PSLC which the bank was purchasing it, I think all these things are going 
to help in reducing the cost-to-income ratio and we are setting a goal that we should be I think 
47%-48% by end of this financial year. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Right sir, that would be very good to see. Thank you so much for answering all the questions. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sushil Choksey from Indus Equity Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Sir, congratulations to team PNB for excellent result and a stable outlook. Sir, my three questions 
are what is treasury outlook? What is our digital spend likely for the bank enhancement of 
capability this year? And third is in our written-off book and technical written-off book, what is 
the recovery estimate for the current year? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes, first is the treasury outlook. We are expecting that every quarter around INR900 crores to 
INR1,000 crores we should be able to earn from the treasury side. This is the outlook which we 
have which we are giving you now. This quarter also around INR1,100 crores we have got the 
income from the treasury side. 
Next is the digital spend. In fact, last year we had taken the board approval of INR3,500 crores 
and we utilized around 82%-84% of that amount for our various IT and digital activity. This 
year also our total budget for the financial year is around INR3,400 crores. And we are 

 
 
 
 
Punjab National Bank 
July 18, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
augmenting our data center. We have come out with a new data center in Gurgaon, very high-
tech data center has come out.  
And then we are also working on the AI, GenAI, and the quantum technology which I have 
mentioned in my opening remarks also. Lot of activities, lot of thrust we are giving for 
improvement of the customer service, product improvement, and the employee engagement 
through these digital initiatives.  
We have come out with the AI-powered customer chatbot which we call PIHU. You can go to 
our Punjab National Bank website and you can interact with the PIHU for anything related with 
the reports, services, ATM network, branch network, which is related with the Punjab National 
Bank, PIHU will provide you and guide you. Then we have also come out with AI-enabled 
employee engagement, that chatbot is RAHI. So sitting across the counter, our employee can 
chat with the RAHI and provide the instant solution, instant guidelines to the customer now. 
Suppose any customer walks in and he wants to understand, what is the housing loan scheme? 
What are the documents required? So the employee can just chat with the RAHEE and instantly 
she can provide the list of all those documents and list of guidelines. So and the third initiative 
which the bank has taken is the GenAI-based tools for credit note generation and we are 
extensively using it for the CRM tool now. 
For leads generation, sales, marketing, we have extensively started using the GenAI. Quantum 
technology, in fact, we are one of the leading bank and first bank in the country who has deployed 
quantum-safe encryption in customer-facing application and developing quantum-based 
banking use cases such as mule account detection. 86 of our applications which is the customer-
facing, we have already deployed the quantum check now and that has been certified by NIST 
US-based organization. 
So bank is doing lot of activities on these areas. Your third point was TWO recovery. TWO 
recovery, in fact, last year when I had given the guidance, first of all the total recovery guidance 
we have given for INR13,000 crores total recovery will happen through that route now. Within 
that INR13,000 crores, INR4,000 crores we are expecting that it will happen through the TWO 
route now. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Sir, any outlook on all the three subsidiaries, PNB MetLife, PNB Gilts, and PNB Housing? What 
are we doing? Are we enhancing our stake or any business outlook which you are seeing as a 
promoter? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes, stake enhancement we are not going to do that, but of course we are constantly reviewing 
their performance and giving a very clear direction because value maximization of the subsidiary 
is one of our agenda items. And you have seen that PNB Housing, the new MD has come and 
lot of activities have started in that organization. 
Similarly PNB MetLife, their performance has also improved now and PNB Gilts also they are 
doing very well. So from time to time our interventions are there and we are reviewing their 
performance and our people are already there on their board now so that we understand that 

 
 
 
 
Punjab National Bank 
July 18, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
where they are now and what is the support they require from the parent organization. We are 
committed for the value maximization of our subsidiary. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Thank you for answering all my questions and good luck for the year. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Thank you. Thank you, Choksey. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashlesh Sonje from Kotak Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Hi sir, good afternoon. Sir, firstly if I look at the processing fee for the quarter that has grown 
very well by 30% Y-o-Y to almost INR1,000 crores in this quarter. Sir, what is driving this 
growth? That's my first question. 
And secondly sir, if I look you mentioned about shedding some low-yielding corporate advances 
of about INR35,000 crores in this quarter. If you can just explain what do you mean by low-
yielding advances? Is there some threshold that you are looking at and what has happened 
eventually to these borrowers? Have they have they availed new loans from you at a higher rate 
or they have gone to another bank or have they gone to the bond market? 
Ashok Chandra: 
See, processing fee last year during the same period was INR728 crores and this year the same 
period it is INR938 crores. So that is around 29% growth is there. When we are growing in the 
corporate loan book, last year INR4,00,000 crores of corporate loan book was sanctioned. So 
wherever the sanctions are there or the NBGs are there, I think we make income by way of 
processing fee. 
It is only because of the growth which is happening overall credit and especially in the corporate 
loan book, we are getting the good processing fee. And second is the low-yielding advances, 
which we classify  around 7% below. That is the benchmark we have created that whatever the 
advances are there below 7%, I think in a time-bound manner we should shed it and we are in a 
position to replace it and replenish it with the high-yielding advances. With all those things we 
are able to grow at 10% despite around INR40,000 crores low-yielding advances we have shed 
in the first quarter of this year now. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Understood sir. Sir, and the growth in processing fee coming back to that, do you think your 
ability to charge fees on these loans has improved over the past few quarters? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes, it has improved. What we are doing it, we have improved the turn-around time and we are 
very mindful and we have fixed up the accountability in the team now that the moment any 
proposal is sourced, let us have the decision immediately yes or no let us decide. That is one 
area bank has done very well. We have created a tool for that, the TAT tool is there where any 
proposal that gets emanated at any level, that has to be entered there because that gives you the 
reference number. 
And when the account gets opened in the system in the CBS, that reference number has to be 
used. So I think we are very guided in the way we are monitoring the turn-around time and I feel 

 
 
 
 
Punjab National Bank 
July 18, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
that if the decision-making process is good and if we improve that performance, I think pricing 
becomes the secondary thing item now. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Understood sir. Sir, and the other question on low-yielding corporate advances, I was I was 
trying to ask is what has happened to those borrowers? Have they come back to you at a higher 
price or they have gone somewhere else? 
Ashok Chandra: 
No, no, many of those loans have been repriced and we are able to sustain them. But there are 
around INR15,000 crores, INR17,000 crores we have lost it and we have not given the rate which 
they were asking it and we have allowed to exit from the bank. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Understood sir. Sir, a couple more questions, data keeping mostly, if you can share the AS 15 
provision which you made during the quarter and if you can also share the quantum of bulk term 
deposits outstanding. And one more clarification sir, this INR25 billion or INR2,500 crores of 
floating provision which you have created, is it fair to understand that this is deductible against 
the INR10,000 crores of one-time provision you require for ECL? So essentially your net ECL 
one-time provision would be INR70 billion, INR70 billion, INR75 billion. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Correct. It will be. First of all AS 15, this quarter we have made a provision of INR490 crores. 
And that as per the calculation which the actuary does, based on that calculation it has done now.  
Ashlesh Sonje: 
And the bulk term deposit number if you have handy? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Bulk deposit I think we have 17% to 18%. Percentage wise I can give you. One minute, one 
minute I will give you. One minute. Bulk term deposit around 18%. Yes, 18% it is. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Understood sir. Perfect sir, thank you very much for answering all my questions. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreejit Nair from 360 ONE Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Shreejit Nair: 
Yes, hi sir, thank you for giving me the opportunity. I just had a question. So you mentioned that 
this year this quarter PSLC income was lower compared to same time last year. And is that the 
right understanding? 
Ashok Chandra: 
No, PSLC not income. In fact, bank used to purchase and continues to purchase from the market. 
In fact, we are the borrower, we are purchasing it from the market. So, for Q1 FY’26 of last year 
our total operating cost which was spent on PSLC was INR893 crores, almost INR900 crores. 
This year for Q1 FY’27 it has been reduced to INR360 crores. It is an expense for the bank. 
Shreejit Nair: 
Okay. 
 Ashok Chandra: 
It is an expense for the bank. 

 
 
 
 
Punjab National Bank 
July 18, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Shreejit Nair: 
Okay. And that is the reason why other expenses is lower right on a Y-o-Y, Yes. And what is 
the reason for lower employee expense on a Y-o-Y basis? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes. That is also because of the AS 15 provision is INR490 crores in Q1 FY’27 compared to 
earlier provision of INR1,151 crores in Q1 FY’26. Otherwise the salary structure and everything 
is constant, nothing changes. 
Shreejit Nair: 
Okay, Yes. Thank you, sir. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Biraia from Bandhan AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Hi, two questions. The first one is on the monsoon side. In case we actually end up in a very bad 
state of monsoon for this kharif season, what do you think could be the potential impact for us? 
Thank you. I'll ask the second one next. 
Ashok Chandra: 
No, definitely that will be a big challenge on various aspect, not only in agri. Agri-related income 
wherever it is there, I think that also will get affected. So let us see that how it pans out in another 
two months' time because last year also we had seen that monsoon came little bit late in various 
parts of the country. 
 
Yes, so last year also we had seen that monsoon was little bit delayed. So let us see that another 
two months' time, the August and September, how it happens. But definitely if El Niño factor 
happens, I think there will be some challenges on the various aspects of the economy. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Okay. And sir on the MSME side, if you can just contrast as to what is driving this 20% growth 
in disbursements for us. And what portion of this you would think could eventually in case 
something goes wrong then what portion of this could have benefit under the ECLGS? 
Ashok Chandra: 
See, first of all the underwriting standards have improved in the bank and we have also come 
out with the digital cash flow-based lending, which got integrated with the various outside 
network and based on that assessment happens and we are giving the loan now. So that has 
brought lot of off-take in the MSME segment. 
 
And we know that this is one particular segment where the rough estimate done by the SIDBI, 
it says around INR25 lakh crores to INR27 lakh crores credit gap is there in this MSME space. 
So there is enough room for every institution to grow in this particular sector. And with our 
digital initiative and very good outreach activity Bank is doing it, massive outreach program in 
every quarter, 200 centers are being conducted for this. 
 
MD, EDs, CGMs, GMs from head office also participate. All those activities and the digital 
process have given a very good impact and last year throughout the year the growth was more 
than 20% and this year also the growth is more than 20%. We are expecting that we will be 
touching a growth of around 25% in the MSME segment. And book is behaving very well, 
absolutely there is no challenge in the stress or in the NPA. 
Vishal Biraia: 
So for us what would be the mix between secured and unsecured within MSME? 

 
 
 
 
Punjab National Bank 
July 18, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Ashok Chandra: 
No, it is most of these loans are through the CGTMSE coverage now. That is the best route to 
do it, because you have around 75% coverage now. 
Vishal Biraia: 
All right, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amansingh from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Amansingh: 
Hi sir, thank you for the opportunity. I have three questions. Firstly on ECLGS, if you can 
highlight the amount of disbursement under the scheme. Second, so starting this quarter there is 
risk-based pricing in DICGC premium, so what is the savings for us and which bucket are we 
falling in? And third if you can highlight the LCR for the quarter. 
Ashok Chandra: 
First, I will give you the ECLGS. We have eligible amount is INR40,000 crores and we have 
sanctioned INR15,856 crores out of applications received for INR20,370 crores. So INR40,000 
is the eligible, INR20,000 crores is the application received, sanctioned is INR15,800 crores, 
disbursement is INR12,335 crores. 
Raman Grover: 
Actually the point is, we cannot disclose the rating as such. The point is -- savings are as 
discussed. And by disclosing this you will be able to backward work that rating which we cannot 
disclose. 
Amansingh: 
Got it. But if you can highlight the LCR for the quarter. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes. What do you want sir? 
Amansingh: 
The LCR number for the quarter. 
Ashok Chandra: 
LCR number, Yes. It is 135%. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Last quarter also it was 136%. 
Amansingh: 
Okay sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pinaki Banerjee from AUM Capital Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Good afternoon, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, of your corporate loan book of about 
INR5.15 lakh crores, would you just segregate it sector-wise like how much is the exposure to 
steel, cement, or infrastructure sector like this? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes, I will give you. Infrastructure it is 9%. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Okay. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Energy it is 4%. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Okay. 

 
 
 
 
Punjab National Bank 
July 18, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Ashok Chandra: 
Then metal and metal products 1.8%. Roads and port it is 4%. Food processing 2%. Iron and 
steel around 2%. That is it, Yes. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Okay sir. So and sir next question actually in your could you just quantify the personal loan 
portfolio and what and how much is the segregation between the salaried and the non-salaried 
class? 
Ashok Chandra: 
No, we don't give personal loan to any non-salaried people. That is the first thing which is our 
policy, Yes. So our personal loan personal loan outstanding is INR23,727 crores and this entire 
is the salaried-backed loan now. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Okay. Sir, considering the fact that we have we are hearing that the IT sector is going through 
some amount of turmoil because of this AI-related thing, so has there been any slowdown in 
your disbursal to any IT employees or something like that? 
Ashok Chandra: 
No, no. No, no. We are not facing any challenge. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Okay sir. That's all from my end, thanks and all the best for the future. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and Company. 
Please go ahead. Mr. Kapoor, please go ahead with your question; your line is unmuted. As there 
is no response, we'll move ahead with the next question, which is from the line of Ankit Bansal 
from AB India Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Bansal: 
Hello. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes. 
Ankit Bansal: 
Yes sir, my question sir this quarter quarter-on-quarter profitability remains same around 
INR5,200 crores. What's the reason sir? Provisions are being less, why the profitability has not 
increased quarter-on-quarter? 
Ashok Chandra: 
See, we have kept the floating provision of INR390 crores. See, whenever we are in good time, 
I think we are mindful of providing for the future and we know that from 1st April we are going 
to have the ECL implementation. So we are augmenting ourselves now itself that there should 
not be any challenge at the time of implementation. 
And this quarter also INR390 crores provision we have kept for ECL. So that is one of the 
reasons why you see the muted profit quarter-to-quarter, but absolutely I think profit is on track 
and INR5,000 crores plus we are putting up the profit every quarter. There is no fluctuation is 
there in the profit. I think you should appreciate that if you put the graph, I think every quarter 
it is improving now. Yes. 
Ankit Bansal: 
Okay. But sir, do you think this is a good idea as no other bank is doing like you are doing for 
ECL provision? Like this is hampering your share price sir. Retailers are not able to 

 
 
 
 
Punjab National Bank 
July 18, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
communicate with the bank like every quarter you are doing this, no other bank is doing this. 
They are making the ECL provisions just as a one-off at the end of FY27. You are doing quarter-
on-quarter and that is hampering the confidence of the investor sir. Are you -- do you think this 
is a good strategy to just do like this? 
Ashok Chandra: 
I think it is a very, very prudent decision of the management. And see, at any point of time bank 
has to take a hit on the balance sheet, you are aware of that. 1st April '27, if somebody is not 
doing it, they will have to provide that. So at that point of time somebody has to take the entire 
hit. And if I have the cushion, I am providing it so that in future there should not be any surprises. 
See, we are very mindful that our operating profits has to grow continuously, net profit should 
grow continuously, and our all efficiency ratio consistently should improve. And if those all 
those things are happening and if I have some surplus, I am keeping it for that and that activity 
will happen till 31st of March only because anyway from 1st April it will get implemented. So 
after that, you don't require such type of floating provision because ECL will be in place. 
Ankit Bansal: 
Good. Okay sir. But what's the guidance for net NPA and gross NPA for the whole year? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Gross NPA our guidance is less than 2.5% and net NPA it is less than 0.3%. And already our 
net NPA is below 0.3, we are 0.28%. Gross NPA also last year it was 3.78, we have brought it 
down to 2.78 in the first quarter itself. So we are all parameter wise if you see the guidance 
which we have given, we are on track. 
Ankit Bansal: 
Okay sir, okay. Sir, any stress in which sector is you are seeing some -- any starting stress like I 
have in your presentation see energy is doing good, infrastructure -- sir some pain in textile, 
chemicals, and steel is been there. Is it the early signs? Can you please just for my guidance? 
Ashok Chandra: 
No, as of now we are not seeing any stress and that is the reason you see our SMA book is one 
of the lowest in the few years now. 2.90 is the SMA book now for all put together SMA 0, 1, 
and 2, this is the total outstanding now. So I think on that exhibit we are on a absolutely right 
track. 
Ankit Bansal: 
Okay sir. Thank you sir, thank you very much. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. With that, I now hand 
the conference over to management for closing comments. 
Ashok Chandra: 
First of all, my sincere gratitude to all my analysts and all my investors for reposing faith in our 
bank. And we assure you on behalf of the entire management of our bank that on a consistent 
basis we will improve our performance, we will show a good growth, and we will show a good 
asset quality. I think overall every quarter you will find that growth, profitability, and 
improvement in the asset quality will happen. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Elara Securities Private Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
