 
 
 
 
  VSTL/SE/2026-27     
 
 
 
 
      August 19, 2026 
 
The General Manager – Listing, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
The Manager Listing, 
BSE Ltd. 
Floor 25, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Disclosure of Transcript of the Investor’s Con-call under Regulation 30 of 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulation, 2015. 
 
In pursuance of Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached 
herewith, the Transcript of the Investors /Analysts Con-call held on August 13, 2026. 
 
We request you to take this on record.  
 
Thank you, 
Yours truly, 
for V.S.T. Tillers Tractors Ltd, 
 
 
 
Chinmaya Khatua 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. A21759 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chinmaya 
Khatua
Digitally signed by 
Chinmaya Khatua 
Date: 2026.08.19 
19:14:55 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“VST Tillers Tractors Limited 
1Q FY26/27 Post Results Conference Call” 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. V.T. RAVINDRA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – VST 
TILLERS TRACTORS LIMITED 
MR. ANTONY CHERUKARA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – VST TILLERS TRACTORS LIMITED 
MR. NITIN AGRAWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
VST TILLERS TRACTORS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANNAMALAI JAYARAJ -- B&K SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
VST Tillers Tractors Limited
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Welcome to VST Tillers Tractors Ltd 1Q FY '26-'27 Post Results Conference Call hosted by 
360 One Capital Market Research. From V.S.T. Tillers Tractors Limited management, we have 
with us today Mr. V.T. Ravindra, Managing Director; Mr. Antony Cherukara, Chief Executive 
officer and Mr. Nitin Agrawal, Chief Financial Officer. At this point, all participant line will be 
in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity to ask questions after the management 
presentation and opening remarks. Over to you sir. 
Nitin Agrawal: 
Yes. Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you to the Q1 analyst call. This is the agenda item 
which we'll discuss today. I'll give you a brief overview of the macroeconomic situation, our 
sales volume for the quarter and then briefly I'll touch upon the financial performance. After 
this, we will open up for the question and answers. 
So on a macroeconomic situation, as you all know, there's an uneven monsoon. The outlook has 
been below normal monsoon by the IMD and also the rainfall distribution continues to be 
uneven. We also have commodity cost inflation-related trends for all steel, forging, casting, 
aluminum, copper. Natural rubber also -- prices of natural rubber also remain elevated and 
volatile. Due to the geopolitical and supply chain-related disruption, crude and freight costs 
remain high. 
So on this backdrop, I will first touch upon the volumes for the key products. So I'm happy to 
mention that during the quarter, the power tiller business has grown to roughly 18% of growth 
in terms of volume. Also, our domestic tractor business has grown by 4.5%. However, in case 
of tractor export, in the current quarter, we have sold 275 tractors. Power weeder has recorded 
an impressive growth of 56%. Reaper is a seasonal product, and in the coming Q2, the volumes 
will pick up when the harvesting season comes. 
Now I go to the overview of the financial performance. So the revenue for the current quarter is 
INR313.4 crores over INR282.4 crores for the same quarter last year, which is 11% growth. 
Operational EBITDA where we exclude the other income and fair value gain from the EBITDA 
is standing at 12.85%. In terms of rupees crores, it is INR40.3 crores. Last year same period, it 
was 13.3%. So there is a drop of around 45 basis points. This is largely due to the raw material 
cost due to the inflationary trend that has been largely the reason for impact. Our PAT for the 
quarter is INR48.7 crores, which was INR44.6 crores in the same period last year. 
Yes. So with this remark, I open the floor for question and answers. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
A question to assemble, sir. I will ask, what is the broad outlook as of now for FY '27, sir? How 
do you see that? 
Antony Cherukara: 
Yes. Good afternoon, everyone. Before I go to the broader outlook of FY '27, let me share a 
view on what has transpired so far and how we look at H1. The monsoon so far has been normal 
in the sense that the sowing is almost the same as the last year, except oil seeds and that too in 
some areas. 
So the outlook is good. But the next 15 to 20 days is going to be critical because the standing 
crops have to survive. And I believe that will decide the production from the kharif crop. And it 
will also decide the water table levels that will be required or the moisture content that will be 

 
 
VST Tillers Tractors Limited
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 3 of 11 
 
required for the rabi crop. So next 20 days for survival of crops and balance of the monsoon for 
the water table for the rabi crop is going to be critical. 
So as of now, the outlook till September looks positive. Now an outlook for the balance H2 will 
be based on what I just said that the monsoon should play out the way it has done so far. So 
giving an FY '27 outlook, I think it's a little too early. I would say, I will be able to comment on 
that in another month's time. I think that will be more accurate, because right now, it will be pure 
speculation. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay, sir. But on the tractors, we have, I mean, launched the products with Zetor tie-ups, but 
still we are not able to see some big traction. So can you just update what is happening on the 
tractor sector for us, sir? 
Antony Cherukara: 
Yes. On the tractor front, we have launched the new variant. The production ramp-up is 
happening. And in Q1, we have not been able to fully supply to the demand that was there. So 
the numbers look small. So that, I would say, would have been better if the production would 
have been ramped up. So Q2, you will find that growing again and Q3, Q4, substantial volume 
increase we are expecting. 
However, this is a long journey and the 40 to 50 HP segment is a crowded market. It's a very 
competitive scenario. But we are in for the long haul. We are planning many more variants in 
this segment to be launched in the next 12 to 18 months. So we are very positive on growing this 
segment in the higher horsepower tractor space. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay. In the meantime, Mr. Shreyansh, you can unmute and ask your question. 
Shreyansh: 
Sir, a couple of questions. So one was on the tractors. So I did notice that there's like a launch 
of the Phantom series also along with Zetor. So the tractor industry has been growing. Like if 
we see results for our competitors, they've been growing quite well, but we are not even able to 
keep up with the market. 
I understand that the growth also comes from the higher horsepower, which we're not very 
present in. But at this point, I would believe that we also have the numbers for July, which have 
also been quite flat. So just trying to get some sense on what the competition is. And even Escorts 
Kubota is launching a tractor in the Kubota brand now. So how do you see that shaping up? And 
what's our strategy to increase our sales there? 
Antony Cherukara: 
Yes. So our strategy has been consistent in terms of increasing coverage, going to the northern 
markets, increasing the network there, launching of products. In the next 3 years, we are talking 
about launching more than 30 variants of tractors, various products that we will be launching in 
the next 3 years. Like I said, this is going to be a long haul. We will grow every year consistently. 
And I have in last call also, in the last quarter I have said upwards of 15,000 numbers we will 
aim to reach, close to 20,000 numbers we will aim to reach in FY '30. And I'm pretty sure that 
we will do that. 

 
 
VST Tillers Tractors Limited
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 4 of 11 
 
And with all the launches, will all the product launches that we are doing now, for example, the 
FENTM Series, currently we launched only in 1 state which is in Gujarat last quarter. Now we 
are launching in Maharashtra this quarter. So we will be launching in balance rest of the states 
going into Q2 further. So that will give us volumes. The VZ tractors productions is getting 
ramped up. That will also start getting us the volumes. 
So we are confident on the domestic growth. We are also confident that in the international 
markets, things will stabilize. Today, there is uncertain scenario, which causes various issues, 
including logistics issues. So we have been facing in the last couple of years. This year is no 
different. And we feel that with all the product platforms, which are going to be global platforms, 
we should be able to grow the international business as well. 
So overall, in the next 3 to 4 years, you will see us achieving the numbers that I have already   
stated in the previous calls close to  20,000 Nos, (includes upwards of 5,000 to 6,000 in the 
international markets). These numbers will be achieved in the tractor business. While SFM 
business will continue the very strong growth that it is showing, upwards of 56% in power 
weeders, upwards of 17%, 18% in power tillers, that will continue. 
And I think both the businesses will grow in tandem, but the competitive scenarios of the tractors 
and the tillers are very different. Tillers is about creating a market, which we are successfully 
doing. In tractors, we are competing and acquiring market and acquiring market needs product 
portfolio. That's what we are building. And that will give us the result in the next 3 years' time. 
Shreyansh: 
That's very helpful, sir. Are we looking to have any launches this year in the international 
markets or that's going to be later? 
Antony Cherukara: 
Yes. In the international market, I mean, more than the product launch per se, what we need to 
solve first is the logistics problem that the distributors are facing, which I have briefed you, I 
think the previous call as well, to cut down the supply time to the distributors, and that's what 
we are working on. 
So the infrastructure, we wanted it to be ready this quarter, but it's getting slightly delayed. But 
we are towards the end of it. In Q3, it will become operational. So that should give us a big 
advantage, especially for the distributors so that they can protect their inventory faster. 
Apart from that,  we have launched the 35 horsepower Stage 5 Tractor last year,. We also have 
sent to a couple of  39 horsepower Tractor in the European market. We are also getting into 
hydrostatic transmissions. We are seeding hydrostatic transmissions currently, which is not sold 
in India, but this is specifically meant for the export market. And considerable volume growth 
is expected from the hydrostatic transmission. 
And after 12 months, we also have the Platform A, Platform B, Platform C that we have already 
announced that we'll be launching 3 global platforms, which will be launched in the next 12 
months to 36 months, . So a lot of launches both internationally as well as in the domestic market. 

 
 
VST Tillers Tractors Limited
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Shreyansh: 
Got it. That's very helpful. Sir, second question was on the tillers side, on the financing. So we 
were going to do like additional partnerships. So anything to call out? I know we had one with 
Bajaj Finance. So any... 
Antony Cherukara: 
Bajaj Finance, I'm very happy to say that's doing well. This year the volume has gone up in terms 
of retail financing. We have sold close to 1,000 through retail financing compared to just about 
400-odd numbers we did Q1 of last year. So it has almost doubled. However, our business has 
also grown. So the percentage is at around 8% to 9% of retail. We wanted to grow it to about 
15% to 20% this year. So that continuous work is happening.  
Shreyansh: 
Got it. That's very helpful. Sir, any additional partnerships that we are looking at to penetrate 
this further or this would be good enough for us? 
Antony Cherukara: 
So continuous work is going on there. We have several partnerships right now. One is Chola, 
one is TVS, one is Bajaj apart from the banks, nationalized banks. So we have sufficient 
partnerships. I think the key today is to grow the current partnerships that we have in terms of 
getting it financed. So I'm sure that will give us reasonable growth. And we will look at 
regionally if any specific financial support is required for growing business in that particular 
region. 
Shreyansh: 
Got it. Sir, last question. So are we at any point looking at tiller exports or it's just not competitive 
with China, in the other countries like neighbouring regions where tillers are used? 
Antony Cherukara: 
We are exporting currently, but in very small numbers. Last year, we did around 300-odd 
numbers of exports. That's why I said it's very small currently. But we believe there is a good 
opportunity in terms of a reconfigured tiller that can be sold in the European market. Work is 
going on, on that. And it will be a completely new technology in terms of tiller, which will be 
launched both in the Indian market as well as internationally. 
This will be a geared tiller compared to a self-driven tiller today. It will have differential and 
these features are not available on current tillers. So it will be a tiller which can give us good 
growth in the international market. That is number one. Number two, we are also looking at EV, 
that is electric tillers and weeders which we believe will have a market internationally as well. 
Shreyansh: 
Got it. Sir, anything on the African market? I read that the market... 
Antony Cherukara: 
Yes. Africa, I'm very happy to state that we have seeded, we have started sending our 75 
horsepower tractors that we developed, which we said we are developing last time we were on 
the call. But now we have seeded that into African market, and we are very hopeful that that will 
give us a good standing in the African market. But lots of work to be done in the African market. 
We need multiple nodes there, 60 horsepower, 72 horsepower that we have now, and we will 
have to work on it continuously. And we believe that's a future growth market for us, especially 
on the higher horsepower tractors. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
In the meantime, Mr. Manish Joshi, you can unmute and ask your question. 

 
 
VST Tillers Tractors Limited
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Manish Joshi: 
So I just wanted to know, we have seen a decline in July volumes year-on-year despite strong 
1Q weakness in July. Can you address this, sir? Are you seeing any moderation in demand? 
Antony Cherukara: 
Yes. July last year had a very large base and especially on the tiller volumes. And I would like 
to reiterate, there is no issue on demand in tillers and we expect the growth to continue, at least 
till September, and that was the outlook I gave in the beginning that at least till September, I see 
the industry doesn't have a problem with the monsoon or the rainfall so far. But the key issue is 
going to be the tariff output and the rabi crop sowing that will happen. And that all depends on 
the next 20 days rainfall for the first part and the remaining of the monsoon, how it will play out 
for the rabi crop. 
So other than that, I believe that the tiller volume will continue to grow at the space we are 
growing. We are talking anywhere between 16% to 20% for the last few quarters now. That will 
continue. The power weeder segment, we have been clocking 50% to 60% growth for the last 
several quarters now. That will continue. So I don't see any issues there. Now the tractor 
volumes, as I said, is to be done by acquiring market share and that will be done by building a 
product portfolio that is in the works. So you will see us growing gradually quarter-on-quarter. 
Manish Joshi: 
Yes, sir. That was helpful. I have another question on the broader mechanization upcycle. Any 
thoughts on that, sir, especially in the tiller segment? Will that be -- we'll be able to help smaller 
and marginal farmer segment? How do you think on that, sir? 
Antony Cherukara: 
Yes, yes, I agree with you. I mean this small and marginal farmer segment is huge. And I have 
said before that we will be launching many innovation in this segment and very happy to state 
that we are ready with our product between tiller and tractors that I've been talking about for a 
long time. And the first of those products will roll out of the factory from this month onwards. 
And we should be able to do substantial volume in Q3 and Q4 on those products. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Sir, before somebody joins from the queue, you said there is a mid-product now we are 
developing. I mean cost-wise, I mean, how it will be -- how much premium to the tillers and 
what will be the advantages compared to tiller in the product, sir? 
Antony Cherukara: 
Yes. The price of the product will be very close to the tiller, but the work of the product will be 
very close to the tractor. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
I see. Okay, okay. So -- but already it's -- I mean, globally, it's a established product, sir. I mean, 
this product... 
Antony Cherukara: 
No, no. This is an innovation, Mr. Jayaraj that -- this will be one of its kind product that we'll be 
bringing into the market. This is an innovation from the VST R&D centre. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
I see. Okay. We'll wait for the product, sir. Before somebody joins on the queue, I'll read some 
from the question box. Somebody has given some questions. I'm just reading from the chat box, 
sir. What is the capital allocation policy since I see significant capital being deployed in low-
yielding mutual funds and equity shares? These are not in the long-term interest of the 
shareholders unless the capital is deployed in the business eventually. So basically, any update 

 
 
VST Tillers Tractors Limited
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 7 of 11 
 
on the sale of the noncore assets? There are 2 questions, sir. One is the investments on that. 
Second one is on non-core assets, basically I think talking about the land. 
Antony Cherukara: 
Understood, understood. So I think let me answer the first one. The policy is very clear to 
maximize shareholder value. That's very clear. That means that the deployment of the capital 
that we have should be done strategically and we are exploring several opportunities for 
deploying that capital. Hopefully, in the next 18 to 24 months, we should have some good 
deployment of this capital. Coming to the non-core assets, as of now, there is no development 
on it. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay. Sir, then this next emission norm is coming up, TREM 3A from I think April '28 and 
TREM 5 from '32. As of now that are the dates announced, I think. So what would be the -- first 
the 3A which is coming up in maybe in 1.5 years' time. Will it have any major implications for 
our products, sir? 
Antony Cherukara: 
See, there are 3 stages the emission norms are being implemented, first of which is from October 
'26. Stage 5 for all products less than 25 horsepower, both for tillers as well as tractors. And VST 
is fully prepared for it and completely ready for it. Then the next implementation in TREM 3AA 
from April '28, which also VST will be fully prepared. We have full capability to achieve that. 
And after that, the complete range of tractors will move to Stage 5 as per the current notification 
in 2032, and we will be ready for that as well. Already work on all the fronts are already 
completed, which is October '26 is already completed and moving into production. And as far 
as April '28 and, October '32 -- April '32 is concerned, we will be fully ready for it. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
And what can we -- any major changes, sir? What can be the cost implications broadly, not 
numbers? 
Antony Cherukara: 
Yes. Major cost implications will come when every tractor moves to Stage 5 in 2032 when the 
DOC, DPF, everything will have to be implemented. And then there will be cost implications at 
that time. See, the current cost of that technology on the tractor is about 25%, 30% of -- it will 
go up. But that is the current cost. How technology will evolve, how costly or cheaper will that 
be in 2032 is difficult for me to say at this point in time. But currently, that technology will cost 
you about 25% to 30%. But the normal trend is with time, this technology starts costing lower 
because the volume starts climbing across the globe. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay. And what the about '26, now it's coming up, less than 25 HP? That will be applicable for 
tillers also, sir? 
Antony Cherukara: 
Yes, yes. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay. But it won't have a big cost increase for the end customers, sir? 
Antony Cherukara: 
No. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay. And there is a question in the chat box, sir. What is the road map for our target revenue, 
INR2,500 crores? 

 
 
VST Tillers Tractors Limited
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Antony Cherukara: 
INR3,000 crores is our vision. We will be achieving that by 2030. I've stated that we are working 
towards that and all efforts are on to meet that by 2030. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
I think his question is which product will drive that or whatever. 
Antony Cherukara: 
Yes. So I have said that before, and we have 5 verticals of businesses. All the verticals businesses 
have plant growth strategies that are being implemented. Now we are scaling up the execution 
ability. We are scaling up our R&D ability. We are scaling up our capability in terms of capacity, 
people. We will have to also invest in new production facility in the next 2 years or so. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay, sir. And then on the dealership expansion, see, we wanted to expand our dealership to 
improve the tractor sales, sir. So where are we in the journey, sir? 
Antony Cherukara: 
Yes, continuous expansion of dealerships is happening especially in North India. So last year 
we added 40, 50 dealers across India. This year we are targeting about 50 to 60 dealers across 
India. They key focus is to establish these dealers and make them viable. And we will continue 
continuously doing that. 
In the SFM space also, we have moved ahead with the counter expansion strategy. within 3 
months we have opened more than 500 counters across the country, which is apart from the 750- 
800 dealers that we have in SFM. We have added another 500 counters. 
By the end of this year, we would like to expand the retail counters to about 2,000 counters. So 
in all areas of SFM, in all areas of tractors, we are expanding coverage through tractor dealership 
expansion and in SFM through both distributor counter expansion as well as dealer expansion. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay, sir. I'm reading one more question from the chat box, sir. So in the last call, we talked 
about looking at inorganic opportunities. Any shortlisted candidates or due diligence for 
inorganic growth? 
Antony Cherukara: 
It's too early to say anything at this point, and we will keep you posted as things progress. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay. One more question has come. Post the current war uncertainty, could you please provide 
a 3-year view on export considering the several FTAs that are being signed? 
Antony Cherukara: 
The reality is it's very difficult to predict 3 weeks now. So to be realistic, because if something 
like 100% tariff comes up on the new bill that is going through the U.S. Congress. Now that 
could be a big trouble in our expansion plans into the U.S. market. But what I can give you is a 
view of Europe. We believe that the Europe market will continue to grow for us. 
That is why we are expanding into the European market. we were only in Western Europe, that 
is France, Germany, Spain, Portugal, Italy, Belgium, Netherlands and U.K. Now we are moving 
into Turkey, we are moving into the Nordics as well with the hydrostatic transmission product 
being introduced. 
So we believe we can continue to grow in the European markets. We also believe that we can 
continue to grow  and which is going to be our huge opportunity, which is going to be the African 
market, and that will remain an opportunity for a long time. And we are very focused on that. 

 
 
VST Tillers Tractors Limited
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 9 of 11 
 
We have started slowly and we were never in the higher horsepower space, but now we have 
slowly launched the 50 horsepower, we have launched the 75 horsepower and we are getting 
good traction in the African market. And I think over the next 3 to 4 years, that will be a major 
market. But the U.S. expansion plan is still unclear. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay. Sir, U.S., we were earlier working with the electric tractors. So because of the current 
tariff and all the other issues, it has taken a back seat now, sir? 
Antony Cherukara: 
Correct, correct. It has definitely taken a back seat, not only for us, it's across the U.S. market 
because there is no emphasis on environment anymore. So the electric market, I think for now 
in the U.S. market doesn't seem to be growing. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay. Mr. Shreyansh, he has come back again. Please unmute and ask your question. 
Shreyansh: 
So I had a question on the Europe market that you mentioned. So based on the volumes that we 
do, it seems like it's just like a handful of tractors that we are putting into each country. So I'm 
just trying to understand, is that still like a very profitable way or is it... 
Antony Cherukara: 
So we do about 1,400 to 1,500 tractors in Europe. The market leader in India doesn't do any 
tractor in Europe. And the best of Indian tractor companies in our segment does about 8,000, 
9,000 tractors. So 1,500 to 2,000 tractors that we are doing in Europe is I think pretty decent. 
That is for our segment. And we do about 400 to 500 tractors in markets like Italy, France and 
Netherlands where we do about 300, 400 tractors. But Spain, Portugal, Germany is where we 
can do more penetration. Then we have not entered the Nordic markets. We have not entered the 
Balkans. We have not entered Turkey until recently. So all these markets are still an opportunity 
for us. So we believe that we can grow the way we have grown in markets like France, Italy and 
Netherlands. 
Shreyansh: 
Okay. Sir, what would be our current share be? Like you mentioned, is the market like 9,000 
tractors is what we should consider as... 
Antony Cherukara: 
In our segment, it is the highest selling player from India is selling around 9,000 tractors in our 
segment, which is 0 to 30 horsepower. 
Shreyansh: 
Okay. I was saying like more of total sales for 0 to 30 horsepower, like what would be the market 
and what would be our share in that? 
Antony Cherukara: 
I don't have the exact figures of Europe industry right now in front of me, but I can tell you that 
most of the players from India, like the largest player is doing around 9,000, we are doing around 
2,000. There are a couple of players who are doing around 1,000, 2,000 tractors each. So I would 
say, from an industry perspective, tractors from India cumulatively in our segment that is 0 to 
30 HP segment would be around 15,000-odd. So out of that, we do around 2,000. 
Shreyansh: 
Okay, okay. Understood. And would the market expand with the new product launches or are 
the launches within the 0 to 30 horsepower segment? 

 
 
VST Tillers Tractors Limited
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Antony Cherukara: 
So I told you, in Europe, we will be in 0 to 30 horsepower. But in Africa, we will be going in 
for up to 75 horsepower. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
In the chat box, again, there's some more questions on this land. We understand there is no 
decision yet on land monetization. But how much is the extent of land in Bangalore which can 
be eventually looked into? And how you see it to move to a newer location, the manufacturing 
lines? 
Antony Cherukara: 
No, there is no need to move to a new location because we have already moved everything 
outside of Bangalore. So there is no shifting time requirement, nothing. We will be looking at 
maximizing the value out there, and we believe that we can do it at the right appropriate time. 
Right now, there is no development. So there is no question of shifting. It's only the 
administrative office there. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
And then, same question. What is the extent of land? Same guy is asking. 
Antony Cherukara: 
Around 19 acres. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay, sir. And then on the implements, already you touched upon. So what are the -- I mean, 
how is that industry developing? And what are we trying to do in the implements, sir? 
Antony Cherukara: 
This is for the -- I assume it is for the small farm mechanization that we are talking. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Yes, yes. Correct, sir. 
Antony Cherukara: 
So this industry, the growth is being driven by us. So it is growing quite nicely both in the tiller 
segment as well as the weeder segment. Now for several quarters we have been growing the 
weeder segment at about 50%, 60% rate. And I see in the foreseeable future also I see that growth 
continuing unless something adverse like monsoon failing completely or something like that 
happens. But otherwise, we'll continue to grow. 
And we are also getting into expanding our coverage through counters and all of that, increasing 
our product portfolio in that range. So all this is aiding a on our growth and it will continue to 
grow. Power tiller segment, again, we'll continue to grow at about in the near future, which will 
continue to grow at 15% to 20%. And I believe in future, there will be more product variants 
that will be introduced, which will continue to grow the tiller segment as well. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay. Sir, there are no more questions in the chat box also. Do you want to make any closing 
comments, sir? 
Antony Cherukara: 
Yes. So thank you very much for the call and look forward to meeting you all in the next call 
after Q2. Thank you. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Thanks, sir. Thanks all the participants. 
Disclaimer:  
This Release/Communication contains historical information and forward-looking statements. 
These forward looking statements are based on certain expectations, assumptions, anticipated 
developments and other factors which are not limited to, risk and uncertainties regarding 

 
 
VST Tillers Tractors Limited
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 11 of 11 
 
fluctuations in earnings, market growth, intense competition and the pricing environment in the 
market, consumption level, ability to maintain and manage key customer relationship and supply 
chain sources and those factors which may affect our ability to implement business strategies 
successfully, namely changes in regulatory environments, political instability and input costs. 
The Company, therefore, cannot guarantee that the forward-looking statements made herein 
shall be realized. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking 
statements that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the Company to reflect the 
events or circumstances after the date hereof 
