 
 
GFCL: BRD: 2026 
                               
                                
  
           19th August, 2026 
 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code:  542812 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Symbol: FLUOROCHEM 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call with Analysts/Institutional Investors held on 12th 
August, 2026   
 
Ref.: Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulation, 2015  
 
This is further to our letter dated 6th August, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with sub-para 15 
of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
Regulations 2015, we are enclosing herewith the Transcript of conference call held with 
Analysts/Institutional Investors on 12th August, 2026 at 17:00 Hrs. IST to discuss the Q1FY27s Financial 
performance.  
 
The above information will also be made available on the website of the Company at www.gfl.co.in.  
  
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
 
 
 
Bhavin Desai 
Company Secretary 
FCS 7952 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
BHAVIN 
VIPIN DESAI
Digitally signed by 
BHAVIN VIPIN DESAI 
Date: 2026.08.19 
15:03:05 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 12, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. BIR KAPOOR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
DEPUTY MANAGING DIRECTOR – GUJARAT 
FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
MR. MANOJ AGRAWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
MR. KAPIL MALHOTRA – BUSINESS HEAD, 
FLUOROPOLYMERS – GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS 
LIMITED 
MR. RAJIV RAO – BUSINESS HEAD, BATTERY 
MATERIALS – GFCL EV PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ROHIT NAGRAJ – 360 ONE CAPITAL PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by 360 ONE Capital Market Private Limited. As a reminder, 
all participants' lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Rohit Nagraj from 360 ONE Capital Private Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks, Pari. We thank Gujarat Fluorochemicals management for providing us with the 
opportunity to host their Q1 FY27 conference call. We have with us Dr. Bir Kapoor, CEO and 
Deputy Managing Director, along with the senior members of the management team from 
Gujarat Fluorochemicals. 
 
I would like to hand over the call now to Dr. Bir for his opening remarks, following which we'll 
have a Q&A session. Thanks, and over to you, sir. 
Bir Kapoor: 
Thanks, Rohit. Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to all of you for GFL's 
Quarter 1 FY27 Earnings Call. For this call, I have with me my colleagues, Mr. Manoj Agrawal, 
CFO of GFL; Mr. Kapil Malhotra, Business Head of Fluoropolymers; and Mr. Rajiv Rao, 
Business Head of Battery Materials. 
 
The company announced its Q1 FY27 results at the Board meeting held today. The results, along 
with the earnings presentation are already available on the stock exchanges and on our website. 
I'll briefly take you through the key financial highlights, followed by an update on our business 
performance, demand environment and outlook. 
 
The global business environment remains challenging with ongoing supply chain disruptions, 
commodity price volatility and an increasingly complex operating landscape. At the same time, 
the businesses are adapting to these evolving conditions, creating both challenges and 
opportunities across markets for us. 
 
Despite these market-specific challenges, GFL has delivered a strong start to FY27. Healthy 
demand across key product categories, disciplined execution and improving operating leverage 
enabled us to deliver broad-based growth across our core chemical businesses. 
 
On a year-on-year basis, revenue from our Chemical segment increased 23% to INR 1,574 
crores, compared to INR 1,281 crores in Q1 FY26. Chemical segment EBITDA grew 29% to 
INR 458 crores from INR 354 crores, while segment PAT increased 33% to INR 261 crores. 
This performance was primarily driven by strong growth in our fluoropolymer and 
fluorochemical businesses. 
 
At the consolidated level, revenue from operations grew 24% year-on-year to INR 1,588 crores. 
EBITDA increased 24% to INR 428 crores, while consolidated PAT stood at INR 219 crores, 
representing 19% growth over the same period last year. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
Our performance was even stronger on a sequential basis. Within the Chemical segment, revenue 
grew 16% quarter-on-quarter to INR 1,574 crores, while EBITDA increased 30% to INR 458 
crores. EBITDA margin improved from 26% in Q4 FY26 to 29% in Q1 FY27, reflecting the 
benefits of higher volumes, improved product mix and operating leverage. Segment PAT 
increased 56% sequentially to INR 261 crores with PAT margins expanding from 12% to 17%. 
 
At the consolidated level, revenue increased 16% quarter-on-quarter to INR 1,588 crores, while 
EBITDA grew 39% to INR 428 crores. EBITDA margin also expanded from 22% to 27% and 
consolidated PAT more than doubled to INR 219 crores, resulting in a PAT margin improvement 
from 7% to 14%. 
 
We also continue to make progress on key return and efficiency metrics during the quarter. 
ROCE improved by 258 basis points to 16.6% in Q1 FY27 compared to 14% in FY26, while 
ROE improved by 301 basis points to 15.18% from 12.17% in FY26. Our focus on working 
capital efficiency has also yielded strong results with working capital days reducing by 43 days 
to 149 days as of Q1 FY27 compared to 192 days as of Q4 FY26. 
 
These improvements reflect not only the strength of our operating performance, but also our 
continued focus on capital efficiency, cash generation and disciplined execution across the 
organization. 
 
Let me now take you through the performance and outlook of our key businesses. Starting with 
fluoropolymers, we continue to see encouraging demand trends across the portfolio, supported 
by improving volumes across fluoropolymers. The expansion of new-age applications is creating 
attractive growth opportunities, particularly in areas such as semiconductors, data centers, 
electronics, automotive, green hydrogen and advanced industrial applications. 
 
We are also seeing a gradual improvement in product mix, supported by increasing contributions 
from higher-value grades. Reflecting these trends, fluoropolymer revenue grew 15% year-on-
year and 8% sequentially during the quarter. This growth was achieved despite a challenging 
global environment. 
 
Moving to fluorochemicals. The business delivered an exceptionally strong quarter. Revenue 
increased 52% year-on-year and 44% quarter-on-quarter, driven primarily by R32 refrigerant 
sales, along with healthy growth across our refrigerant portfolio. As previously communicated, 
we are expanding our R32 capacity, which is expected to be commissioned in Q2 FY27. With 
existing capacity utilization already at peak levels, this expansion will enhance our ability to 
participate in the growing global R32 market and support future demand growth. 
 
In parallel, we continue to expand our refrigerant portfolio. Our R134A project remains on track 
and is expected to be commissioned during this financial year. Combined with our integrated 
manufacturing capabilities, established global marketing network and long-standing customer 
relationships, this will further strengthen our ability to serve growing refrigerant demand across 
both domestic and international markets. A more complete bouquet of products will enable us 
to leverage the strong brands that we have built globally over the last three decades. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
Turning to bulk chemicals. The segment delivered a steady performance during the quarter with 
revenue increasing 11% year-on-year and 1% sequentially, primarily driven by improved 
realizations. 
 
Moving on to battery materials. We continue to make steady progress in building a differentiated 
and integrated platform. In LiPF6 salt, we are advancing both capacity expansion and customer 
commercialization efforts with leading global electrolyte manufacturers. 
 
In electrolytes, qualification activities and sample development with Indian cell manufacturers 
are also progressing well, supported by customer audits and plant visits. Across LFP cathode 
active materials and PVDF binders, our focus remains on product consistency, customer 
qualification and commercial scale-up. While these businesses are at different stages of 
qualification and commercialization, we remain encouraged by the long-term opportunity driven 
by growing EV adoption, increasing deployment of battery energy storage systems and the 
ongoing localization of battery supply chain. 
 
As we look ahead, FY27 is shaping up to be an important year in GFL's growth journey. Our 
established fluorochemical and fluoropolymer businesses continue to generate healthy growth 
and strong cash flows, while battery materials provide multiple avenues for the next phase of 
growth for GFL. 
 
Our priorities remain clear: executing our capacity expansion projects, deepening customer 
engagement, accelerating qualification and commercialization of new products and scaling our 
emerging platforms in line with market demand. At the same time, we remain committed to 
disciplined capital allocation and a strong focus on returns. 
 
While the external environment remains dynamic, we are confident in the underlying 
fundamentals of our business. With a diversified portfolio, integrated manufacturing 
capabilities, strong customer relationships and exposure to multiple long-term growth themes, 
we believe GFL is well positioned to deliver sustainable growth and create long-term value for 
all stakeholders. 
 
With that, I would like to thank all our stakeholders, customers, employees and partners for their 
continued support. We will now open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Sanjesh from ICICI Securities. 
Sanjesh: 
A couple of questions from my side. First, on the fluoropolymer, a 15% growth is good, but I 
think there was a price increase also in the segment by some of our Chinese peers. Have we seen 
those price increases being taken by GFL as well? And what would be the blended price increase, 
if at all, we have taken? 
Bir Kapoor: 
Yes, Sanjesh, thank you for your question. I'm requesting Kapil to answer this question. Kapil, 
please. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Kapil Malhotra: 
Sanjesh, thanks for your question. See, first of all, we have been also making this commentary 
over the last few quarters that we are trying to move up the value-added chain into the 
fluoropolymer products. And hence, we do not have much competition with Chinese players. 
And so, our move toward the high value-added chain has given us these additional revenues and 
profits, which we are talking about. So Chinese players were, in any case operating at a different 
price scale. So that doesn't mean we don't compete with them in those segments. 
Sanjesh: 
But the price increase, what has happened in commodity equivalent products doesn't show 
specialty products because the margins or probably the prices are already better in those 
segments. That's the way to look at it? 
Kapil Malhotra: 
Yes, Sanjesh, so this is going to reflect in the subsequent quarters. 
Sanjesh: 
So is there a price increase or there is no price increase? 
Kapil Malhotra: 
There has been a marginal price increase to come back with whatever input prices have taken 
place. But however, whatever price increases, small, we have taken, it's going to reflect and the 
value-added products, which we have taken where we are going for newer applications, that will 
start reflecting in subsequent quarters also. 
Sanjesh: 
Got it. Got it. The second on the capacity expansion, which we also spoke in the previous quarter 
on the fluoropolymer side, Kapil. Where are the opportunity we are seeing within the 
fluoropolymer? And what are the capacities are we looking at, probably product-wise, in this 
new wave of growth in the fluoropolymer side? 
Bir Kapoor: 
So Sanjesh, coming back to the opportunities, if you recall, we have always been saying that 
there are emerging opportunity from the sunrise sectors, whether these are batteries or semicon. 
So we'll be adding capacities going forward, mostly in new set of fluoropolymers, which we 
have categorized it earlier. So we will continue to add capacity, but specific, which we will focus 
on, I think I would like to keep that confidential from our standpoint. But there's a tremendous 
growth opportunity there, Sanjesh, okay? 
 
And as I had said it earlier also that we had put the capacities on new fluoropolymers, which is 
almost to the point of now getting fully utilized, so we'll be making investments in adding more 
capacities in these fluoropolymers, which will be catering to these new opportunities, okay? So 
clearly, wherever we'll be adding, it will all be at a very high-end product range. 
Sanjesh: 
So earlier, we were targeting a 20% kind of a growth. That's now visible for this year and the 
year after this? 
Bir Kapoor: 
Absolutely visible. Absolutely. 
Sanjesh: 
Got it. Second, on the refrigerant gas side, now when is this R134 expected to get 
commercialized? And what is the revenue size we are looking at with this expanded base of 
capacity in the refrigerant gas business? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Bir Kapoor: 
Sanjesh, we are expecting to have this capacity by the end of this financial year. In fact, we are 
targeting earlier than that. We have not yet announced capacity yet because, as you know, we 
have multiple refrigerant products, it's a bouquet. And depending upon the product mix, we'll 
probably be going to the market. But we have not announced the capacity yet and probably over 
the next few quarters, we'll share that, okay? 
Sanjesh: 
Got it. Got it. One last on the battery chemical side. Where are we exactly in the cycle of 
commercial supplies? Because right now, what we see is INR 20 crores, INR 30 crores of 
revenue, while the capacity, what we have put, appears to be a much larger capacity. So when 
are we looking or expecting a step-up jump in the revenue from the battery chemical side? And 
what are the segments which will contribute to this growth? 
Bir Kapoor: 
So let me take step by step, okay? What we have always stated is that we are -- initially, we build 
certain capacities for qualifications and then subsequently, capacity addition is done to grow. 
And if we talk about the significant growth, we probably will be seeing towards the end of this 
financial year and FY28, okay? You'll see a significant traction because the capacity that we 
have added, if you look at our gross block, which has been capitalized, is still not that very large, 
okay? 
 
While we are making investment in terms of building capacity, but the capacity which has come 
on ground and which are actually being commercialized is still -- because there's a long gestation 
period in building and setting up capacities, okay? So to answer your question, we'll see a ramp-
up. In fact, unfortunately, the numbers -- this quarter also, we had dispatches, but because some 
of them are not reflecting in our revenue numbers because those are all CIF terms, so they will 
probably reflect in the next quarter. 
 
And so the journey will continue. You will see significant growth quarter-by-quarter in the 
revenue as we go along. Clearly, the first and the foremost in this is growth in LiPF6, which we 
started very early, if you recall, and that now has almost finished qualification, it's going through 
its growth phase. The second one is LFP and PVDF. PVDF is very close to getting finalized, its 
qualification. We'll see revenue coming from it. And finally, the cathode active material, I think 
that probably we'll see maybe towards the end of this financial year. 
 
But the full potential, if you're talking about the investment that we are making, it will start 
reflecting from FY28 onwards and -- because there is almost a 1.5 year, I can say, in stabilization 
and getting the qualification done. This is the nature of this industry. 
Sanjesh: 
And will that same apply for the incremental INR 2,300 crores of capex or that ramp-up will be 
faster because the qualification round is over? 
Bir Kapoor: 
That is expected to be faster, Sanjesh, because once we have qualified, so the initial plan is for 
qualification, stabilization, establishing our supply chain and credibility with the customer. And 
then the next phase is -- because the batteries market itself has a strong growth potential, okay? 
And initially, we were talking globally, and we were talking about reaching almost 1,800 
gigawatt hour by 2030.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
But now when we look at our domestic market itself, domestic market also, we are driven 
primarily by BESS, is almost looking at 220 to 250 gigawatt hour by 2030. So we are seeing a 
huge market potential, which I think we will capture as we go along primarily in '28, '29. And 
of course, that is much faster than the rate that we have seen now so far. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arun from Avendus Spark. 
Arun: 
Sir, my first question is on the 134A plant announcement. Earlier in the call, you said that 
capacity had not been announced, but in our late June filing, we have indicated we are going to 
add on 134A capacity. Can you just clarify this point, please, first? 
Bir Kapoor: 
Arun, capacity, we have not announced yet, okay? But we will have -- whatever our plans are, 
we will have this capacity by this financial year. That's what we have stated. And that's what I 
think we said in our -- the release also, the press release or what we communicated earlier. So 
134A, we are setting up the capacity. And just to -- I think we have said this last time also that 
with these, we'll probably be utilizing our entire entitlement quota with R32,134A, R22 and 
R125. So we have a very large bouquet of products that we'll have by the end of this financial 
year to offer to our customers. 
Arun: 
What is the reason for entering 134A so late in our journey into the HFCs? Is it because the 
quotas will be allocated on a pro rata basis on the capacity held by the players? Is that the way 
to think? 
Bir Kapoor: 
No. The decision is the strong market opportunity that it faces. And I think as you know, that 
refrigerants towards end of their cycle, it becomes a valuable business proposition. So we see an 
opportunity in getting into 134A for multiple reasons. And of course, these are -- some of them 
are strategic reasons which I cannot share. But we think it's a wonderful opportunity to be there.  
It's a space where the supply in the future would be restricted. We do not see several other 
supplies coming in. And demand is -- will continue to be there. It's a robust demand and the 
alternate to 134A are HFOs, which are -- which has a very high price point. So we see a strong 
market potential and opportunity for us to be there. 
Arun: 
All right, fine. Understood. Secondly, in our new capacity Secondly, on the fluoropolymer 
business, now that we are very close to our utilization levels, and so till we get our new capacities 
in place, probably in a year or so, our growth in this segment will be largely dependent only on 
the pricing-related actions that we will be taking? So,we should not expect any volume growth 
or any mix-change-led growth? 
Bir Kapoor: 
I'll request Kapil to take this, Arun. Please, Kapil. 
Kapil Malhotra: 
Arun, it's a combination of both: price realization as well as some of the debottlenecking, which 
we keep on doing to enhance our capacities to match the market requirements. So that keeps on 
happening in these products, which is happening now also. 
Arun: 
Any timeline for the capacity debottlenecking? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Kapil Malhotra: 
It keeps on happening. Every second quarter, we keep on debottlenecking whenever we see that 
we are reaching our capacity utilization, then we balance our capacities accordingly to the market 
requirement. It's a continuous process. 
Arun: 
Understood. One bookkeeping question to Manoj. We are seeing the difference between 
standalone and consolidated numbers increasing on a sequential basis. 
Bir Kapoor: 
Further question for Manoj, please? 
Arun: 
Yes. The difference between the stand-alone and consol is increasing much higher than the EV 
segment top line growth. Is there anything else which is contributing to this increase? 
Manoj Agrawal: 
No. See, stand-alone and consol also reflects our GFL EV, GFL USA LLC and GFL GmbH, 
where we do all our polymer business that are routed through the Germany subsidiary and the 
U.S. subsidiary. So that business doesn't reflect in the stand-alone, whereas in the consol 
business, it comes. That is also the reason, not only the EV. 
Arun: 
Okay. But why in last 2 quarters, this is increasing, especially if it is coming from only 
fluoropolymer business? 
Manoj Agrawal: 
Last quarter -- this quarter, that -- some of the CIF consignments were there and GIC earlier, 
which we have booked in Germany and LLC, instead of that, we have booked in stand-alone 
itself -- reversed in the stand-alone itself. So the gap between stand-alone and consol is higher 
on account of that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Preet Jain from Niveshaay Investments. 
Preet Jain: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. Basically, sir, I wanted to know on your R32 side 
expansion. So are you planning for any additional HF expansion on your side or AHF expansion 
on your side? Because R32 has immense demand, and your competitors are also increasing the 
capacity for R32, so are you planning for any additional R32 or additional backward integration 
HF plant? 
Bir Kapoor: 
Yes. I think we mentioned that last time as well, Preet, that we will be adding AHF capacities 
because as we are growing -- adding capacities in R32 as well as 134A, it will require, I mean, 
significant AHF for these refrigerants. And AHF is also required for our other products as well. 
So we will be adding capacity, and we have already announced that, I think, that capacity... 
Preet Jain: 
By what time that will be live? 
Bir Kapoor: 
It will be in different phases. The first set of capacities will be there probably by the end of this 
year or the third quarter. And then subsequently, every quarter, some capacity will be added 
because it will be matched with our refrigerant capacity being added. 
Preet Jain: 
And you will not sell HF or AHF outside, you will only use for internal purpose only. 
Bir Kapoor: 
Right now, our aim is to look at the captive because that's our purpose at the moment. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Preet Jain: 
Okay. And one more question on the quota side. So the BESS players which are there will 
definitely get quota. But will the new players get quota or will we only gain quota? Can you give 
some clarity on that side? So the existing players which have produced R22 will get quota or 
will new players also be able to get quota from us or they will also able to participate? Because 
R32 has massive demand and supply is currently limited, if new players are not given quota -- 
because any new capacity is not coming. 
Bir Kapoor: 
So of course, I cannot comment on the -- who will get quota or not because that's a decision 
which is not resting with us. But all we can say is that the past precedents indicate that this is 
given based on the baseline, okay? There is a formula which is there. So we -- from our side, we 
know what is our entitlement and our expansion plan is based on that we will be utilizing at least 
whatever our entitlement is based on the GWP number that we have. And the formula you are 
already aware of. There were 2 components to it. 
 
So I cannot really comment on who in the new player will get quota or not because that's a 
decision which is resting with somewhere else. However, from our side, we are already adding 
capacities based on what we think is our entitlement based on the past precedents. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Omkar from Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. 
Omkar: 
I had a question on capex. So out of this CWIP of INR1,900 crores, how much is expected to 
get capitalized in FY27? 
Bir Kapoor: 
I think we'll probably -- we expect -- right now, our gross block is around INR836 crores. And 
because the capitalization happens on -- there are 2 triggers to it, okay? The first trigger, of 
course, is when we start the plant. And second is when the plant is giving its product based on 
what the intent is for it to produce, which means it gets the right quality or so, okay? So while 
mechanical completion of the plant is in our hand, the quality stabilization often varies from 
plant to plant. But we expect, by the end of this year, these numbers to be around INR1,200 
crores. 
Omkar: 
So this would be the CWIP amount you're talking about? 
Bir Kapoor: 
Which amount? I'm sorry? 
Omkar: 
Capital work in progress, INR1,200 crores? 
Bir Kapoor: 
Right. Right. Right. 
Omkar: 
So this will be inclusive of this INR3,000 crores of capex also, right, which will be incurred in 
FY27? 
Bir Kapoor: 
That will be added further, Omkar, because, see, we have a plan of adding total what we have 
announced is INR6,000 crores, okay? So today, there are certain capex which we have already 
capitalized, which is reflecting in our gross block, then we have CWIP. And then we have a plan 
to add more capex, as I had announced in the last quarter call, in next 2 years, okay? So this 
year, our capex spending plan in EV is INR2,300 crores and in our chemical business, it's 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
approximately INR800 crores. That's what we had said earlier. And we are holding on to that 
capex plan as of now. 
Omkar: 
And what was the capitalization for these 2 capex? 
Bir Kapoor: 
Capitalization for these 2 will come later on because we also have CWIP from -- at this point 
from the earlier years, which will get capitalized going forward in this year because the capex 
spending and capitalization, there is a lag, as I indicated earlier, okay? 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejas from Ansec Human Resources Private Limited  
Tejas: 
Firstly, we had indicated about the capex of close to USD216 million in Oman for setting up a 
battery materials project. So just wanted to understand what is the status of this project? 
Bir Kapoor: 
Yes. The Oman project right now, we have put on hold, okay? And we are -- in fact, what we 
are doing is that those capex is now -- we are bringing it to India and planning to add those 
capacities in India. And there are multiple reasons for it. There have been certain, of course, 
geopolitical reasons, which was causing certain delays in our project. And in view of that, we 
decided to move those capacities to India so that we can move faster and meet the customer 
commitment that we have given, okay? So Oman, I think, project, of course, we'll come back to 
it. But as of now, we have put that on hold. 
Tejas: 
Got it. But there was -- related to the Oman project, there was a funding of close to INR1,200 
crores, which was also expected to come from OIA. So with now the project shifting to India, 
does this funding round also get sort of cancelled? 
Bir Kapoor: 
Yes, at least the funding that was from a sovereign fund that we had said earlier specific to the 
Oman project, that was approved for that particular project. So when we bring it to India, we 
will have to look at the separate funding, and we have those things in place. So I think we will -
- but those funding, we'll not be taking for the Oman project. Those are again also on hold. Those 
are already approved, and we have it. But since we have relocated the project as of now to India, 
those -- at least the funding that was approved for the Oman project would not be available for 
the India project. 
Tejas: 
Got it. So does this shifting of your Oman capex to India, does it also -- is on account of the 
battery components PLI, which is expected to sort of come through for these battery chemicals? 
Bir Kapoor: 
There are multiple reasons. Of course, there is -- the overall environment in India for the battery 
industry is looking much better now than what it was last year or a year before. Part of the reason 
is driven by the domestic -- as I said earlier, is the projection for the domestic market, which is 
for the -- driven by the BESS. And there are other push, which is coming from the policy side is 
also making this market opportunity very attractive for us to get into. 
Tejas: 
Understood. One last question on the new-age fluoropolymer side. Last quarter, we had indicated 
a capex of close to INR 250 crores on the debottlenecking activities. So within the new-age 
fluoropolymer space, could you just highlight which products are we seeing higher traction and 
where we are planning to expand capacities on? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Bir Kapoor: 
Yes. I think I'll request Kapil for the fluoropolymer capacity. I think -- you want to add on it as 
well? So in fluoropolymers, obviously, our growth opportunities was primarily in the new 
fluoropolymers, which I think I said earlier also. So we'll continue to focus on these 
opportunities. When we say debottlenecking, those are related to some very specific grades and 
products where we see certain more growth opportunity. But the focus going forward continue 
to be the new fluoropolymers. 
Tejas: 
Understood. No, I just wanted to know, within the new fluoropolymers, which all products, like 
PVDF, FKM, PFA, amongst kind of these products, which we have under new-age 
fluoropolymers, where are we seeing the highest traction and where are we expanding on the 
capacity side? So just wanted on the product-specific side? 
Bir Kapoor: 
See, obviously, PVDF is driven by the battery requirements. PFA, FKM, they're all driven by 
the requirement that we are seeing from semiconductor sector. Kapil, do you want to add more? 
Kapil Malhotra: 
Yes. So as we have mentioned that some of the new sunrise sectors, we're talking about, some 
expansions are coming up in semiconductors in India and also in part of the world. We're also 
seeing green hydrogen also coming up pretty nicely now. The pilot projects have started coming 
up with commercial projects to follow. 
 
And then also in the data centers also, we are seeing some of our fluoropolymers getting 
approved and some commercial business coming now with us. Future business is also going to 
come as the projects get approved. 
 
So we are focusing on those products, which are going to get aligned with these sunrise sectors, 
as Dr. Kapoor is mentioning. So our products will keep on getting added as and when we keep 
on getting the traction from these sectors. And based on that, we'll do our capexes and 
debottlenecking. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naushad Chaudhary from Aditya Birla MF. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Congrats to the team for decent set of numbers. Follow-up on the Oman, this funding as we have 
now shifted the plant from Oman to India and that fund would not come, so would it trigger 
fundraising or the -- internally, we can manage this investment? 
Bir Kapoor: 
Thanks, Naushad. We are already -- our fundraise process is on, and we are raising as we are 
going along in terms of our fund requirement. Clearly, the fund in Oman was raised with a -- 
very specific to Oman project, okay? Now coming back to India, we will, I think, continue to 
raise funding for these projects. But as of now, we do not see that as any constraint to put up the 
project or add capacity. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Okay. And for additional deployment of roughly INR 4,000 crores in the battery chemicals, how 
much land would require? And how much do we have and how much we need to buy more? 
Bir Kapoor: 
So while moving Oman project, the first phase of the project, we have land available in our 
existing Dahej B plant, which we call Jolva plant. So we have -- all the elements are in place. 
We have the required approvals and clearances to execute these projects, availability of the land, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
infrastructure and the site infrastructure support to execute it. We are also adding one more site, 
again, in the Dahej area which will probably be utilized. 
 
So land, we do not see as a constraint, Naushad, going forward because our immediate 
expansions will be done in the Dahej B site and subsequently, we'll be adding more sites -- one 
more site in Dahej area to take care of our expansion, which will be in FY '27 towards the end 
and '28. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
And last on the anode active material we announced last quarter. I wanted to understand what 
would be the size of capex for this particular product? And what is the synergy we have on this 
versus our base business? 
Bir Kapoor: 
I think, Naushad, we have not given any capex, which is product-specific for right reasons. So 
for anode, we have not announced the capex or specific capex that we talk about because it's 
something which is -- I believe it's confidential in a way because it's something which is a 
confidential information for us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddhant from Comicmolds. The next question is from the 
line of Arun Prasath from Avendus Spark. 
Arun Prasath: 
So my question is, are we selling it primarily in the domestic market or export markets? And 
going forward also, what will be the combination of spot and contracts in R32? Any clue on 
this? 
Bir Kapoor: 
Arun, could you come again, please? Because again, we lost, in between, your question. So your 
question is specific to refrigerant or battery materials? 
Arun Prasath: 
Sorry, sir, I'll just repeat. The primary question was on the R32. Now that we have started the 
plant, are we selling it primarily in the domestic market or are we exporting also? Second, what 
is the nature of the sales, is it spot or contract? And how you think this will shape up in the -- 
when there's a new plant also coming up? 
Bir Kapoor: 
So again, this R32 is for the global market because we have a long legacy and experience in 
marketing these refrigerant products across the globe. So when we are looking at R32 as a 
product, we are looking not only domestic market, but international market as well. Now coming 
back to whether it's a long-term contract. 
 
So it's a combination of both, okay? And it would be difficult for me to give the percentage, but 
if you ask me to, probably I can say probably 40%, 50% would be our long-term contract. And 
then the remaining one would be on spot or contract to contract. 
Arun Prasath: 
Understood. Since it is largely for our global markets and the sales in domestic will be limited, 
does it also mean we will not be gaining any consumption quota from whatever we are selling 
in 2026? 
Bir Kapoor: 
I think the quota is based on the production capacities and which we already discussed earlier. 
It has 2 components. One is based on the baseline and then the actual production between '24, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
'25, '26, these 3 years, okay? So I do not understand your question regarding the consumption 
quota. It's all on the production. And that quota applies to us whether we are selling in domestic 
market or exporting it. 
Arun Prasath: 
Understood. My understanding is the producers are entitled for production quota. And whatever 
you sell in the domestic market, that gives you consumption quota. Is it any different? 
Bir Kapoor: 
Yes. I think I'm not really clear about it, Arun, let me check and come back to you on this. You 
can connect with Pallavi on this. We'll clarify. I'm a little bit confused about the consumption 
quota right now because my understanding is for the manufacturing and the production quota. 
And that's what we always talked about, which is based on certain formula and the GWP basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhruv from HDFC AMC. 
Dhruv: 
Sir, can you say what is the -- what was your R32 utilization in this quarter? 
Bir Kapoor: 
It's almost fully utilized with the capacity that we have, Dhruv. 
Dhruv: 
So 10,000 tons almost fully utilized for the quarter. 
Bir Kapoor: 
Because as we are adding capacity,  but whatever capacity we have currently is fully utilized, 
Dhruv. 
Dhruv: 
And sir, given that you are exporting primarily, will there be a lot of difference -- because now 
we don't get the data. Is there a lot of difference between the domestic pricing and the export 
pricing? I'm just trying to understand how should I think of the numbers? 
Bir Kapoor: 
Normally, we don't comment on the pricing, but in this particular case, I can say they're very 
close. 
Dhruv: 
Okay. And sir, last question, your polymer business has grown by about 15%. So there was a 
question earlier, but is it possible to split it between volume, pricing and mix? Growth Y-o-Y? 
Bir Kapoor: 
Difficult to give, Dhruv, but I think it's -- I don't think we can share. We have never shared the 
very specific like that. But primarily, this is driven by, as I said, 2 things, higher grades, which 
is new fluoropolymer volumes, and in some cases, within the existing products that we have, 
some of them, we are going for the higher and higher grade to get a better value. So it's -- so I 
would not call it a price. I would call it the value, so where we go up the value chain in terms of 
the product mix. 
Dhruv: 
So more of mix and some of volume? 
Bir Kapoor: 
Correct. Correct. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Meet from JM Financial. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Meet: 
First question was on R134A. Are we putting up this plant as a greenfield or a brownfield 
expansion? And also, how are you planning to source trichloroethylene because I believe it is a 
fairly restricted product globally? So are we planning to backward integrate into that as well? 
Bir Kapoor: 
So it's a brownfield expansion, 134A. It's in one of our existing sites, which is producing 
refrigerants. As far as the TCE is concerned, we are not planning to go backward integration 
right now, and we'll be importing it from outside India. And we have identified suppliers, and 
we do not see that as a constraint going forward. 
Meet: 
Okay. So TCE import from China is, at this point of time, being freely dumped into India? 
Bir Kapoor: 
Yes, it will be imported from outside India. 
Meet: 
Sure, sir. And sir, second question, I just wanted to understand how do we structure our 
fluoropolymer contracts because in 1Q, despite sulfur prices going up by around 3, 4x and 
fluorspar prices also going up, we have not taken any price hikes in our core fluoropolymers 
portfolio. So does that mean that margins in 1Q in fluoropolymers would be lower than what we 
have seen previously, and because of mix only, we have seen this improvement? 
Kapil Malhotra: 
Meet, whenever we have some formula-based understanding with our prime customers. So 
whenever such things happen, we always have those formulas which are there to protect us. So 
that is why you must have seen the results also of the last quarter that we have been able to 
protect our margins. 
Meet: 
Okay. So we would have taken formula-based price hikes as far as the raw material price increase 
is concerned? 
Kapil Malhotra: 
Yes. So we have been able to manage the price, whatever cost increases were there through 
either formula-based pricing or with an understanding with our customers to mitigate our risk 
accordingly. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. 
Ankur Periwal: 
First, on the fluoropolymers growth, was there any price hike that we took? I'm not asking about 
magnitude, but have we taken a price hike or let's say, probably it's more Q2 onwards that there 
will be a price hike impact coming in? 
Bir Kapoor: 
Typically, what we do is when there's a volatility in certain prices, as Kapil was explaining, we 
typically tend to pass on that price increase to our customer, okay? These are essentially to 
address some of the input costs, okay? Whether -- for example, when the oil prices went up and 
there are certain raw material that we have, for example, like methanol and sulfur which went 
up, so those price corrections normally we take. 
 
Those are small corrections, and that's a common practice we continue. And there were 
volatility, as you know, from March '26 onwards. So those corrections that we have taken. 
However, I would like to emphasize here that those are the corrections typically done to ensure 
our margins and maintain our target margin that we have, okay? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
 
Now a lot of the growth that we are seeing right now in fluoropolymers that we have indicated, 
15% to 20% annually, is driven by 2 things, okay? Let's understand. One is the product mix that 
we change, go for the higher and higher grade products. And second is adding volume from our 
existing new fluoropolymers, which we expect to get fully utilized very soon. 
 
However, a lot of it is coming because there is a regular growth because when we make a 
particular grade, it gets qualified and then slowly the volume ramped up. So what you see today 
is a combination of the 2, Ankur, because price hike when we talk about, because of the inputs 
is marginal because that's just to cover what the input costs are, okay? 
 
And the value that -- and the product that we make are all high-end materials, where the input 
costs are there, but there is a lot of component in it is for the know-how, which goes into these 
high-end products. Kapil, you want to add anything? 
Kapil Malhotra: 
And also one thing, as we have been mentioning that these high-end grade and high-end 
products, obviously, the approval process is slightly longer from the niche application. And now 
we are in a cycle where we are constantly having these approvals from our customers globally. 
 
So every quarter, we keep on adding those approvals and every quarter, we keep on adding those 
commercial volumes also as and when we keep on getting the approvals. And that's how we 
balance our capacity, and that is how we balance our margins also in the growth. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure, sir. That's very clear. And just from an approval perspective, as you said, last part of this -
- all these approvals should be in place within this financial year so that when the new capacity 
comes in, there could be a quicker ramp-up there. Will that be a right understanding? 
Kapil Malhotra: 
Yes, you are absolutely on the dot. We are in the midst of getting approvals. And yes, by the end 
of this financial year, most of the approval will be in place. And commercially also, we will be 
taking the volumes further up in the second half of this financial year. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. Because there's no follow-up approval -- because it's a newer site or new production, so 
you don't need a follow-up approval for these products. Just clarifying that? 
Kapil Malhotra: 
No. It's just a follow-up of whatever approvals we have got. And then the capacity additions to 
just take the volumes further up as the demand keeps on ramping up. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Great. And just second bit on R32. I know you answered that question partially. A combination 
of long-term and spot sales is what we are doing right now, probably more on the export side. 
For the incremental additional capacity that will be coming in, will that be also similarly largely 
contractual or how are you looking at it? And amongst the global markets, which geographies 
are we focusing on, if you can help on that? 
Bir Kapoor: 
So it's a combination of the both because as we get more and more materials, we are looking at 
marketing it across the globe. So I think we are -- it goes into different geographies. We are not 
particularly focusing R32 for a very specific geography, okay? But all I would like to add is that 
R32, from our perspective, also goes in combination to 410 because we are one of the few players 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
who has R125 and R32 both available. So we have -- we are in a very unique position, Ankur, 
to not only sell R32 as it is, but also as 410 blend, okay? So it's a combination of the 2. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from 360 ONE Capital. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Congrats on good set of numbers. Sir, first question on the battery chemicals, given the scale-up 
that we are expecting, are we on track in terms of getting that 3-digit revenue number by Q4 and 
a significant scale up in FY '28? 
Bir Kapoor: 
Yes, Rohit. We are on track and meeting our targets, what you said, 3 digit in quarter 4 and 
significant ramp-up in the following financial year. Thanks, Rohit. Yes. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. Second, on R32, once the additional capacity is commissioned, again, based on our 
contracts in terms of domestic as well as exports, do we expect full utilization during calendar 
year '27 for the incremental -- I mean, total 20,000 tons of R32 capacity? 
Bir Kapoor: 
Yes, we expect full utilization. Based on our understanding of the market, as and when we have 
the capacities, we are looking at able to market it, full utilization of R32. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. And one last question on fluoropolymers. Given that 3M had exited last year and AGC 
has also indicated that they want to shut down the U.K. facility, are we experiencing the impact 
of 3M now? And if the AGC facility goes off-stream, will we see additional demand for our 
products, given that the void created by them should be taken by the incumbents? 
Bir Kapoor: 
Yes, Kapil, please. 
Kapil Malhotra: 
Rohit, so 3M is now event of the past now. In the last 2 years, we have more or less taken the 
full impact of whatever 3M exit happened. And so whatever growth we are seeing in the higher 
value-added chain, a couple of reasons are because of that also. So because they vacated the 
high-end market, so we are entering into that high-end market because they vacated that space. 
 
Now coming to AGC, that announcement has just come yet. So we are -- we have started getting 
some queries and inquiries from the customers who are using their material. And again, the good 
part is that more or less whatever they were making, we have the grades available with us. So 
our qualification process also has started with the customers who were their customers. So that 
also traction we'll see, not immediately, but probably a quarter or 2 down the line. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question from the participants. I now hand over the 
conference to management for your closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Bir Kapoor: 
Thank you very much. I would like to thank you all for your continued patronage. And as we 
have been guiding in the past, the capex we have incurred over the past couple of years have 
now started to contribute to our financials meaningfully, and we expect to grow further from 
here on. 
 
Fluoropolymers has done well and expected to grow, as we had said earlier, 17% to 20% 
annually going forward as well, again, primarily on volume as well as the high-value products. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Fluorochemicals segment has emerged as a very strong contributor to our financials and is 
expected to contribute meaningfully to our profitability going forward. 
 
Advanced Battery Materials segment after a very rigorous qualification and approval process 
will now start to contribute to our financials and growth. This segment will see sticky growth 
over the next few years, driven by demand explosion and our global positioning in this segment. 
I can say with confidence, we are very well placed to witness strong growth going forward. 
 
And with this, I would like to thank you all for your interest in GFL. Thank you. Thank you, 
everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of 360 ONE Capital Market Private Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
