Sonata Software Limited - SSL 
Registered Office: 208, T V Industrial Estate, 2nd Floor, S K Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai – 400 030 
Corporate Office: Tower-A, Sonata Towers, Global Village (Sattva Global City), RVCE Post, Kengeri Hobli,  
Mysore Road, Bengaluru - 560059, India 
CIN: L72200MH1994PLC082110 
            W: www.sonata-software.com  
             E: info@sonata-software.com 
             T: +91 80 6778 1000 
 
 
 
 
11th August, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai   
Kind Attn:  Manager, Listing Department 
Stock Code – SONATSOFTW 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai  
Kind Attn: Manager, Listing Department 
  Stock Code - 532221         
 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF ANALYSTS/INVESTORS CALL 
REF: REGULATION 46(2)(OA) OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) 
REGULATIONS, 2015 
 
Further to our disclosures dated 30th July, 2026 and 7th August, 2026, please find enclosed Transcript of 
Analyst/Investor call of the Company held on 7th August, 2026. The same is also made available on the website 
of the Company at https://www.sonata-software.com/about-us/investor-relations. 
 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Sonata Software Limited 
 
 
 
 
Mangal Kulkarni  
Company Secretary, Compliance Officer and Head Legal  
 
Encl.: As above 
 
Mangal 
Krishnarao 
Kulkarni
Digitally signed by 
Mangal Krishnarao 
Kulkarni 
Date: 2026.08.11 
17:38:14 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Sonata Software Limited Analyst and Investor 
Conference Call for Q1 FY2027” 
 
August 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
                                                        
 
Management: 
Mr. Rajsekhar Datta Roy – Chief Executive Officer of 
International Services 
Mr. Sujit Mohanty – Chief Executive Officer of 
Domestic Business 
Mr. Jagannathan CN – Chief Financial Officer 

 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
August 7, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Hello everyone. My name is Inba, and I will be moderating today’s session. Welcome to the 
Sonata Software Limited Analyst and Investor Conference Call for Q1 of FY2027 ended June 
30, 2026. Please note all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and this call is being 
recorded. We have with us today on the call Mr. Rajsekhar Datta Roy, CEO of International 
Services; Mr. Sujit Mohanty, CEO of Domestic Business; and Mr. Jagannathan CN, Chief 
Financial Officer. We also have our extended leadership team on the call today. Please note 
that there will be an opportunity for all the participants to ask questions after the 
management’s opening remarks. During the call, please note that the management may make 
certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, and are based on 
information currently available to the management. Sonata does not undertake any obligation 
to update any such forward-looking statements that may be made in course of this call. We 
advise participants to exercise discretion while making any investment decisions. We will 
begin the opening remarks from Mr. Rajsekhar followed by the business overview and 
financial highlights. After that, we will open the floor for questions. With that, I hand over 
the call to Mr. Rajsekhar for his opening remarks. Over to you, Sir! 
Rajsekhar Datta Roy: 
Good evening, afternoon to everyone, and thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for 
joining us today. We truly value your time and appreciate your continued trust and support 
in Sonata. In today’s session, we will walk you through the overall strategy progress we have 
made in the last quarter. We will also present a detailed view of our financials for Q1 FY2027, 
which concluded on June 30, 2026. To begin with, I will walk you through what we have 
done during the last quarter and then focus on our strategy going forward. Over the last 
quarter, we have successfully completed the leadership transition and built a foundation for 
our next phase of growth. We have ensured seamless continuity across all key clients’ 
relationships. We have strengthened the leadership engagement at our key accounts, 
maintained business momentum through focused execution. 
 
Having said that, let me now cover how we are looking at doubling down on AI, which was 
what I had outlined earlier last quarter. Our strategy going forward is towards building an AI-
native Sonata. It is becoming the operating tenet of our business, and we are accelerating our 
transformation to an AI-native engineering-led organization. Sonata is positioning itself as 
engineering the AI enterprise, which enables driving enterprise velocity across three key 
dimensions, which I will outline, with six value pools that we are addressing in nine macro 
verticals. The three dimensions are outcome-led business transformation, focused on 
delivering agentic process transformation and domain-driven customer-enabling operations. 
AI-first technology platforms focused on building AI-native technology platforms and 
modernization of legacy platforms. We also are looking at AI-native service delivery, which 
will drive accelerated outcome through AI-enabled service delivery. In our endeavor, we 
continue to strengthen our proprietary assets under Harmoni.ai, our responsible-first IP 
platform and one of the key things that we have done over the last one quarter is we have 
launched our enterprise-grade agentic AI service delivery platform, Workbench, designed to 

 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
August 7, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
transform end-to-end software delivery lifecycle by bringing together contextual intelligence, 
AI agents, workflow orchestration, and enterprise-grade governance. It also helps enterprises 
accelerate their software engineering, improve developer productivity, and scale AI adoption 
while keeping security, governance, compliance, and token economics at the center. Multiple 
clients have shown interest in Workbench, and we continue to sharpen this further. To drive 
the execution of our AI strategy, we are pleased to announce the appointment of Mr. Hari 
Rebala as the Chief AI Officer at Sonata. He brings a unique combination of coming recently 
from a startup ecosystem and before that being as a part of enterprise services IT organization 
and his clear mandate is to accelerate Sonata’s transformation into an AI-native organization. 
 
We have also bolstered our leadership at our largest client with appointment of a strategic 
business leader with 30 years of experience with very similar to what he is handling going 
forward and he will be instrumental in driving strategic expansion for one of our largest 
clients. We have also on-boarded a seasoned leader for Southeast Asia and ANZ to continue 
our growth in that region and strengthen our alliances and partnership team by bringing in 
internal person, who has been at the helm of driving our relationship with partners, especially 
Microsoft. We continue to strengthen our 360-degree partner ecosystem, which includes 
collaboration with Microsoft. We have officially been invited by Microsoft to join Copilot 
agents and platform engineering Depth Partner Program, which is a very select group of 
people globally, to be taken as system integrators to work closely with Microsoft to scale 
their GTMs around Copilot and AI. We continue to collaborate with eminent educational 
institutes like Wharton and IISc to further understand technology trends and build fine-tune 
our offerings towards what is coming in future. 
 
Finally, we have spoken of the 9 micro verticals, as you like, and we are trying to focus on 
each of these verticals. By concentrating on these microverticals, it gives us ability to invest 
and create a concentration of our investments, as well as creating greater outcomes for our 
client, and finally, greater market impact. To support our growth ambitions, we continue to 
invest significantly in talent transformation and building AI-native workforce through 
structured skilling, certification, and adoption of frontier AI platforms. A key differentiator 
is we are expanding our forward deployed engineer talent pool and transforming our people 
from that into about 100 people by August itself. Underpinning this strategy, Sonata 
University, which has enabled 93% of our workforce to be trained in AI. We have also 
launched our Sonata Modernization Engineering Program for 2026, which has AI at the 
center, and there is extensive work underway to transform all our folks to further offerings 
and align to our GTMs that we have. With AI strategy being in place, and you will see that 
getting rolled out, we believe that we are building a compelling value proposition for our 
clients and prospective clients in the areas of intersection of the horizontal and micro-vertical 
positioning. The progress and market response so far has been encouraging. 
 
We now take you through the Q1 business highlights. Our AI-led pipeline has improved 21% 
while our AI-led order wins have increased 27% quarter-on-quarter reinforcing our 

 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
August 7, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
conviction around the strategy. We want to highlight three key deals one is a manufacturer of 
computer peripherals and software, where we are helping them in AI-driven model 
engineering in the digital assurance and DevOps space. Second is a quick-service restaurant. 
We are helping them in legacy modernization of their applications. Third is an oil and 
lubricant manufacturing major where we are helping them transform their AI-driven payment 
reconciliation system. We now have multiple AI-led client success stories through our 
customer operation, enterprise workflows, regulated industries, and technology 
modernization. The common thread across this engagement is that Sonata is helping clients 
move from AI experimentation to AI at scale, delivering measurable improvements in 
productivity, velocity, quality, and business outcomes. Today, 21% of our engagements are 
output based. 
 
Key wins. We have won a key deal with a global beverage brand with over 800 locations 
across 11 countries, and we are working with them on modernizing their retail application 
and cloud infrastructure this is a multi-year deal. We are also scaling a large deal from a 
global financial technology organization and payment solution organization and awarded to 
Sonata a multi-year contract to modernize their core digital wallet platforms to enable faster 
and secure payments this is a multi-year large deal, we encountered some headwinds and 
delays in ramp-up and have now completed it. Our teams to help in customer in accelerated 
time to market in digital wallet platform. We continue to execute with operational discipline. 
Base utilization continues to operate at 88.5% as we encountered a delay in a large deal ramp-
up and AI capability incubation, which caused a slight reduction in the utilization. This has 
caused a temporary drop in utilization this quarter. Revenue grow at 0.01% quarter-on-quarter 
reflecting resilience and mixed market conditions. Order bookings stood at 1.18x book-to-
bill ratio, and we secured one key deal in Q1 FY2027. The number of clients with greater 
than 10 million run rate is eight. EBITDA stood at 15.4% for the international business. I will 
now request Sujit to give a commentary for the domestic business. 
Sujit Mohanty: 
Hello, everyone. Domestic product business continued to demonstrate resilience and 
relevance in a dynamic market environment. We continue to make a good progress in 
financial performance. As you all aware that last year we had faced headwinds due to one of 
our large OEM partners changing the business model and starting direct billing with some 
selected large customers. During last few quarters, we have worked on our strategies, plan, 
and related GTMs to operate within this changed business environment. We believe that 
through our quick and focused execution of modified plans, we have successfully managed 
the negative impacts, and now we are on a growth path and moving forward. Through our 
continuous engagement with our OEM partner and customers, we are pleased to announce 
that in the recent past we have been able to retain some of our customers’ contract renewals, 
which were done through us now, who were in the probable list for possible direct billing by 
the OEMs. Some of these anticipated risks which were there are now behind us. We are 
making steady progress across strategic growth pillars. One of the pillars is grow core 
platform and product business. Within that pillar we have broadened our partnerships with 

 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
August 7, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
all hyperscaler OEM partners. We are executing multiple GTMs with each of these 
hyperscalers. We are also expanding our business related to tools and platform offerings of 
OEM partners, other than the hyperscalers with whom we continue to do business. We are 
also focusing more on expanding our managed services and win more and more large hybrid 
system integration deals that integrate physical server storage and other ISV infrastructures, 
including IT security with leading cloud platforms and managing the hybrid infrastructure of 
our customers as a part of this program. We are also expanding to new segments. We are 
expanding our market coverage and software focus on SMC and corporate segment. We have 
grown this business around 82% year-on-year. These strategic bets continue to be at the center 
of our focus in building a more resilient future-ready business. We continue to focus on 
strengthening the quality of our revenue mix, depending strategic customer relationship, 
building scalable cloud-led managed services, and managed IT security capabilities. We are 
extending and deepening our OEM partnership in the areas of AI tools and platforms to work 
with our customers in India in their AI initiative, spanning across infrastructure readiness, 
tool deployment, and use case PoC development, which will accelerate their path from AI 
experimentation to scaled adoption. 
 
Now, coming to the financials. Revenue for Q1 FY2027 stood at Rs.2505.6 Crores. Gross 
contribution was at Rs.78.5 Crores, which is a growth of 4.2% quarter-on-quarter. PAT for 
Q1 FY2027 stood at Rs.45.9 Crores. We are confident that the financial performance will 
further continue to improve in Q2 and during rest of the financial year. Overall, we remain 
confident in the direction of the domestic business. Our focus is not only on growth but on 
building a diversified, scalable and future-ready business with sustainable value creation for 
customers, employees, partners, and shareholders. With this, I am handing over to Jagan for 
the financial updates. Thank you. 
Jagannathan CN: 
Thank you, Sujit. Good morning, good afternoon, good evening, everyone. I will provide key 
updates on Q1 2027 business and financial performance. Starting with international business. 
During the quarter, we benefited from few growth drivers. We added seven customers in Q1 
2027 this is same for the last two quarters we have been very consistent in adding the 
customers. Top 10 clients contributed revenue share of 51% in Q1 2027. This has majorly 
changed because of the growth of 11 to 20 customers bill in this quarter. Number of clients 
more than $ 5 million run rate stood up at 12 in Q1 2027, same in Q4. Number of clients 
greater than $3 million up to 5 million revenue stood at nine in Q1 2027, same in Q4. Q1 
2027 order book stood at $ 97.4 million with a book-to-bill ratio of 1.18x. It is better than 
1.16x, which was there in Q4 2026. We clocked AI order book of USD 21.4 million in Q1 
2027 this was $16.9 million in Q4 2026. Now the AI order book contributes 18.2% of our 
overall order book. AI-led pipeline is $340 million in Q1 2027. Total headcount stood at 6293 
in Q1 2027 against 6283 in Q4 2026 , with an attrition of 13% for this quarter. On-site 
offshore mix is 30% to 70% in Q1 2027 against 32% to 68% last quarter. Utilization reported 
at 88.5% in Q1 27 versus 91.8% in Q4 2026. We will be covering other details of this later 
in my update. 

 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
August 7, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Let me walk you through the financial performance for the quarter ending June 30, 2026. 
First, starting with international services. The USD reported revenues stood at $82 million 
represent 0.1% quarter-on-quarter constant currency growth and 2.1% year-on-year constant 
currency growth. In the reported currency, this represents 0.5% quarter-on-quarter degrowth 
and a growth of 0.2% year-on-year. Rupee revenue stood at Rs.777.2 crores, a degrowth of 
0.3% quarter-on-quarter and a growth of 11% year-on-year, which is a good performance in 
the industry compared to others. EBITDA before other income on forex for Q1 2027 stood at 
15.4%, a degrowth of 4.8% quarter-on-quarter from 20.2% in Q4 2026. The EBITDA dilution 
is primarily driven by the below factors. There was a one-time benefit of compensation 
expenses in previous quarter impacting around 2% of the EBITDA drop. Our utilization 
includes impact of unexpected delay in large deal ramp-up. Utilization dropped to 88.5% 
from 91.8% primarily due to this. The ramp-up will get completed in Q2 of 2027. 
Additionally, in line with our positioning of the engineering, the AI enterprises, we have made 
significant investment in talent transformation and advisory investments related to AI 
strategy. Forex fluctuation, specifically cross currency, was detrimental in this quarter, 
impacting almost about 50 basis points. Marginal increase in CSP bundled deal cost also 
impacted the above decrease and partially offset by our favorable offshore revenue mix 
improvement to 70% from 68% in Q4 2026. From this quarter, we expect EBITDA to have 
a positive traction every quarter in this year further. We expect some of the one-timers also 
to get normalized in the coming quarters. Q1 2027 PAT stood at Rs.62.2 crores this includes 
a forex loss of Rs.6.8 Crores as against Rs.84.2 Crores in Q4 2026, which included a forex 
gain of Rs.21.7 Crores. Forex fluctuation alone has impacted almost Rs.28 Crores on our 
PAT. Our PAT impact for this current quarter has absorbed and still grown in spite of the 
forex loss for this quarter. In Q1, PAT degrowth is due to forex impact, which I explained 
above. The reported ROCE and RONW for the quarter stood at 14.9% and 15.2% 
respectively. International services DSO in Q1 2027 reported at 60 days as against 64 days 
in Q4 2026. 
 
Now let me provide an update on domestic business. Revenue for Q1 2027 stood at R.2505.6 
Crores, a growth of 42.4% quarter-on-quarter and 10.2% year-on-year. Gross contribution for 
Q1 2027 stood at Rs.78.5 Crores, a growth of 4.2% quarter-on-quarter and 14.5% year-on-
year. PAT for Q1 2027 stood at Rs.45.9 Crores includes forex loss of Rs.0.6 Crores as against 
Rs.46.3 Crores in Q4 2026, which includes a Forex gain of around Rs.6.3 Crores. Degrowth 
of 0.9% quarter-on-quarter and growth of 19% year-on-year is what is reflected here. Q1 GC 
growth is offset by forex impact of Rs.6.9 Crores, between gain in Q4 and a loss in Q1. DSO 
of Q1 2027 stood at 65 days compared to 47 days of Q4 2026. This is majorly a seasonal 
impact for us. Reported ROCE and RONW for the quarter stood at 57.7% and 42.7% 
respectively. 
 
Update on consolidated business. For the quarterly update, consolidated revenue for Q1 2027 
stood at Rs.3279.1 Crores, a growth of 29.3% quarter-on-quarter and 10.6% year-on-year. 
PAT for Q1 2027 stood at Rs.108.61 Crores this includes a forex loss of Rs.7.4 Crores as 

 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
August 7, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
against Rs.130.5 Crores in Q4 2026 this includes a forex gain of Rs.28 Crores, degrowth of 
17.1% quarter-on-quarter and 1.1% year-on-year. Q1 PAT degrowth is primarily due to forex 
impact of Rs.35.4 Crores. Reported ROCE and RONW in this quarter stood at 21.9% and 
20.9% respectively. EPS reported in Q1 2027 stood at 3.9 per share against Q4 2026 of 4.71 
per share. 
 
Update on cash flow. Cash generation remained very strong in this quarter with a closing cash 
balance of Rs.567 Crores and a net positive cash of Rs.67 Crores. This is the third quarter we 
are reporting positive cash balance. To conclude, we are confident about our new AI portfolio 
strategy of engineering the AI enterprises, pivoted along with the three dimensions and six 
value pools. Based on the pipeline movement and the especially improved AI-led pipeline, 
we remain optimistic and expect gradual improvement in revenue and EBITDA over the 
medium-to-long term. While the market environment remains mixed, our strengthening AI 
pipeline, growing AI order bookings, the partner ecosystem, focused vertical strategy, 
reinforce our confidence in Sonata’s medium-term growth trajectory. With this, I conclude 
my update for this quarter. Thank you and handing over for the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now move to the Q&A segment. To 
ensure we provide space for as many participants as possible, we request you to limit yourself 
to two questions per turn. For participants connected on Zoom, please use the raise hand icon 
located at the bottom toolbar on your screen. When called upon, you will receive a prompt to 
unmute. For our participants connected via telephone call, to join the queue, please press “*” 
“9” on your telephone keypad. When it is your turn you will be prompted to unmute by 
pressing “*” “6”. Please state your name and Company name before asking a question. We 
will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. We will take the first question 
from Dipesh Mehta of Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions. First, just want to understand domestic business 
gross contribution profit return to double-digit growth trajectory, are we confident to sustain 
now double-digit growth trajectory on Y-o-Y basis in domestic business? Second question is 
on you indicated nine micro verticals and six value pools can you provide some detail which 
nine micro verticals we have identified and what value pool we have identified and overall 
growth thought process around it? Thank you. 
Jagannathan CN: 
On the domestic business, yes, we are confident that we will continue our growth momentum, 
and we believe that some of the issues which we had we have been able to come out of it and 
we will be able to maintain the momentum. Thank you. 
Rajsekhar Datta Roy: 
On the question of the six value pools, one is customer engagement and operations 
transformation using AI, agentic AI, legacy modernization, AI-ready data, resilient AI 
backbone and AI-native service delivery and ops. These are the six value pools that we are 
targeting. We are focusing deeply in building assets, partnerships, and go to market around 

 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
August 7, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
this. The micro verticals, we have around nine of them, but largely to give you an example of 
a micro vertical it will be like payments, mortgage and lending, healthcare, clinical ops or 
logistics and retail manufacturing. There is a whole nine list which can be provided that is an 
example how we are doing this and at the intersection of these micro verticals and our 
horizontal offering, we intend to build a compelling solution for our clients. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Understand. In this, let us say 9 vertical which micro-vertical we identified, whether any of 
them are new and where we are making investment or all these are existing presence kind of 
thing and investment intensity will not be that high I just want to understand that part if you 
can give some sense which are new and which are existing? 
Rajsekhar Datta Roy: 
In all of these, Sonata has traditional strengths and have been executing. We also have 
concentration of clients already, and we also see a market potential based on our assessment 
so far. So there is a track record, and it is part of, as you can remember, we were looking at 
BFS, healthcare, life sciences, R&D, TMT, so on and so forth. We are sharpening our focus 
so that we can concentrate our investments and go-to-market to areas which are more likely 
to grow compared to others and we also are able to get better value for our investment, but it 
is not completely new areas, it is within the areas that we have been working, but sharpening 
of our focus largely. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Understand. I will join queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take our next question from Ashis Dash of Systematix. Please go ahead. Mr. 
Dash, please go ahead. 
Ashis Dash: 
Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Ashis Dash: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question on your revenue from top 10 accounts 
declined during this quarter, 6% quarter-on-quarter. It has been remained weak last six 
quarters. My first question is this because of your top accounts still the productivity gain pass 
through continues? Second, relating to this, last quarter you mentioned that you are scaling 
off some engineering subsegments within the TMT vertical so that would support your 
growth from Q2 onwards, so provide some outlook on that front? Third, relating to that, 
during your strategy discussion you mentioned that you have strengthened your partnership 
with Microsoft and that also you have hired leadership in key accounts so will that help to 
drive your TMT portfolio? 
Jagannathan CN: 
I will take the first one on the top 10, Ashiss. Top 10 is majorly because our 11 to 20 accounts 
have been growing well. The new customers we have added in the last quarter and the current 
quarter actually fall in this group and this is the reason why there is a tweak in the top 10 

 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
August 7, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
percentages wise. This is percentage wise if the subsequent 10 is growing well the percentage 
also gets impacted. No major issues, no discounts, no productivity gain passing of that, no 
major account which is coming down in this space in the top 10 account. 
Ashis Dash: 
Sir, I can see the absolute number also declining on quarter-on-quarter. 
Jagannathan CN: 
We have not disclosed that, Ashish. Probably we will consider how to disclose the top 10 
because many people know our top five customers at least. From this, people can know about 
exact revenue of a customer that is a risk we carry in this. Hence, we are not disclosing the 
absolute number. 
Ashis Dash: 
Okay, Sir. 
Rajsekhar Datta Roy: 
There is no impact, not in this quarter. There were two other questions. I think one was on 
the engineering sub-segment. Yes, we are focusing on few hyperscalers, and we are going to 
focus more on enterprise products, package software organizations, these are two sub-
segments that we are focusing in TMT for growth. Second is your question on leadership 
hiring that we have done will that be positive? Yes, we can see early signs of this driving 
positive traction in terms of pipeline, etc., and activities that we see in the account. Third is 
about MS partnership. I think we continue to as you can say that we have been part of the 
Copilot Depth program, we continue to be a critical part of the Microsoft ecosystem. 
Ashis Dash: 
I have another question on vertical outlook. Last quarter, we were expecting that retail and 
manufacturing may stabilize in Q1, but what I can see it is also declined quarter-on-quarter 
and also I think we have only deal in that space can we expect the recovery in this vertical? 
Jagannathan CN: 
Yes. This is the same logic what I told you on top 10, Ashiss. This BFSI percentage has grown 
beyond our expectation, hence R&D as a percentage has come down nothing to do with R&D 
on standalone. 
Ashis Dash: 
Got it. Thanks for taking my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A quick reminder to our participants. If you wish to ask a question, you may join 
the queue by clicking on the raise hand icon. Our next question is from Amit Chandra of 
HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. Mr. Amit Chandra, could you please unmute your mic? 
Amit Chandra: 
I am audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, Sir. 
Amit Chandra: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My question is on a comment that you made that we are focusing 
more on outcome-based contracts how we are pivoting to that, and obviously in this quarter 
we had a client-specific impact where we had some delays in billing, which also impacted 

 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
August 7, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
our margin if you can explain what actually led to this, and how we make sure that in an 
outcome-based environment we are on track of our milestones and the fluctuations in margin 
that we are seeing, it actually returns to a stable kind of a margin trajectory. 
Rajsekhar Datta Roy: 
Thank you, Amit. There are two questions, largely. One question is about it is not outcome it 
is output based. Yes, we have got output based, and we have been traditionally managing the 
output based as a part of our business. We have practices which will ensure that our delivery 
remains strong. We have reorganized our delivery team and strengthened it to make sure that 
our readiness to engage and deliver on this output-based businesses and deliveries are 
consistent going forward. What was the second point, Sir? 
Amit Chandra: 
Margin and the client-specific impact. 
Jagannathan CN: 
We did not get the question, Amit? 
Rajsekhar Datta Roy: 
If you can repeat, Amit. Sorry, we missed that. 
Amit Chandra: 
No, I was just asking on the client-specific issue that happened in which there were some 
delays in the billing and which led to the margin impact, so how we take care of that in the 
coming quarters, and in terms of the margin stability what part of the decline was one-off and 
how that will recover in the coming quarters if you can give some quantitative flavor to that? 
Rajsekhar Datta Roy: 
Amit, I think the large deal ramp-up is largely behind us. A little bit of ramp-up remaining. 
Second thing was about paperwork, etc., that is also behind us now. That is going to come 
back in the coming quarter, which was largely one-time. There are two other aspects like 
Jagan mentioned which is our investments on AI advisory and building capability like FDE, 
etc., to readiness to execute the projects once they come of the new GTMs. I think that is 
going to continue for a couple of more quarters, and we are going to recover it. Overall, we 
should have a positive trajectory on our margin from next quarter onwards as we go forward. 
Amit Chandra: 
In the past six quarters, we had specific events in terms of the client-specific impacts in our 
top five how do you see the top five behaving in terms of growth? Is it fair to assume that the 
worst is behind in terms of the drawdown that we are seeing in the top five, and it will start 
to grow from here and any specific client-specific impact that you see still pending? 
Jagannathan CN: 
Amit, at present, we are seeing a kind of a stability in our top five at present we do not see 
any major threat in the top five at present or major issues also in the top five. We expect that 
in the coming quarter the top five will keep growing better and probably we can see the 
growth back in top five in few couple of more quarters later. 
Amit Chandra: 
Thank you. All the best. I will back in the queue. 

 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
August 7, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Anyone who has a question may click on the raise hand icon again. Our next 
question is a follow-up from Dipesh Mehta of Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Thanks for the follow-up. A couple of questions. First you indicated about large client, high 
tech client where we are making investment in account partner kind of thing, where we are a 
senior leader even deal pipeline, so considering the deal pipeline change in leadership how 
confident we are there to return growth because that is one of the area of concern at least in 
last 12 to 18 months from growth perspective, if you can give some sense how the pipeline is 
shaping up? Second thing is there any new area of growth engine which we identified and 
which give you confidence the overall growth return to that account? Second question is on 
the cash balance I think Jagan indicated very healthy cash conversion, if I look your cash 
balance at the closing it has declined quarter-on-quarter can you help us understand what 
played out there? Thank you. 
Rajsekhar Datta Roy: 
Dipesh, thanks. I will probably address the question on our large account and then probably 
hand it over to Jagan to address the cash balance. We have made three important shifts in the 
large account. One obviously new leadership, which we have augmented. Number two, we 
have shifted the space where we operate adjacent where there is a more AI-led spending 
which is happening. As we see in early signs, we see the pipeline has been accretive because 
of this and we are hopeful that it will result into revenue accretion quite soon. It is a positive 
impact that we have seen so far, both in pipeline and ability to be able to address these 
opportunities, so that is probably the outlook for now for the large account.  
Jagannathan CN: 
Yes. Dipesh, can you repeat the question on this cash? 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Jagan, your cash balance at the end of March and end of June, end of June is lower than end 
of March what explains it? 
Jagannathan CN: 
No, this is specifically some of the deals. The major portion of this is coming in the domestic 
business front because of the turnover increases for them there are payouts also will happen 
to the vendor, so the closing balance, but if you see the gap between the loan and the cash 
balance for us this is ~Rs.65 Crores of positive cash balance compared to ~Rs.30 Crores in 
the last quarter. We are continuously monitoring and cash portion is soft this is depending on 
the payout that will happen depending on particular quarter, particular deal what we have 
completed based on that, this will happen. International business, otherwise, the collections 
have been stable and the DSO is also stable for us broadly in both the businesses. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Broadly, the number which I was referring is gross cash you are saying net cash has increased. 
Jagannathan CN: 
Yes. Net is ~Rs.65 Crores versus ~Rs.30 Crores, gross is ~Rs.565 Crores compared to 
~Rs.605 Crores. This Rs.50 Crores movement for our size of business is very normal, Dipesh. 

 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
August 7, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Understood. 
Jagannathan CN: 
I cannot put my finger on any particular issue, but some vendor payments depending on the 
turnover will change on this broadly. There is no one-time any exceptional payment in this 
quarter. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Understood. Last question on the deal win side. I missed the number which you said for, let 
us say, in international business what was the deal win and can you give some sense about, 
let us say, nature of the deal win and whether we are seeing, let us say, size of the deal is 
expanding for us in terms of ticket size I am referring? 
Jagannathan CN: 
I think, Dipesh, your question, the line was a little muffled it was about deal wins for the last 
quarter? 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Yes. Deal win absolute number, as well as nature of the deal win, and whether we are seeing 
size growing for us. 
Rajsekhar Datta Roy: 
We have got about seven deal wins. Seven customers that we have won in the last quarter. 
Most of these accounts that we have a potential to grow further. One of the accounts that we 
have got is a three-year multimillion-dollar deal, which will have their modernization, and 
managed services as a part of it from data. That is the color of the deal, and we think it will 
be consistent and have headroom for growth. The other three or four accounts of the seven 
client wins have a potential for growth in future. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may click on the raise hand icon so that we 
can unmute your connection. We have a question from Sushovan Nayak. Please go ahead 
with your question. 
Sushovan Nayak: 
I hope my voice is audible. 
Moderator: 
Yes, Sir. 
Sushovan Nayak: 
Just a bookkeeping question. What do you think will be the steady state tax rate going 
forward? 
Jagannathan CN: 
Tax rate will be around 25% in ETR that is what our normal tax rate is. This time we got one 
exceptional benefit in US from one of the states in US we got exceptional benefit for our 
R&D tax credit we got. Otherwise, this will be around 25% ETR. 
Sushovan Nayak: 
Got it, Sir. This would positively impact your cash flow also, the R&D tax credit or is it more 
of a? 

 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
August 7, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Jagannathan CN: 
Yes. It will. My liability is reduced because of that. My liability for payment is reduced to 
that extent. 
Sushovan Nayak: 
Understood. On the GTM bit, I think your cloud contribution has now become 62% versus 
53% last year is there any color on the mix that you can possibly provide as far as the 
international IT services business is concerned? 
Rajsekhar Datta Roy: 
Yes. I think, like I said, many of our businesses coming around two parts one is largely around 
cloud migrations and second is legacy modernization. As I mentioned, that is our key go to 
market, we see increasing traction around legacy modernization that is led by our cloud area. 
You see actually the large deal that we won last quarter also involves cloud work and 
modernizing the cloud area, and hence there is expansion in that GTM. 
Sushovan Nayak: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
I apologize. There is just one participant who is connected to the queue. I will just check his 
question. 
Jagannathan CN: 
Yes. Please go ahead. 
Moderator: 
That would be Mr. Aman Agarwal of One-Up Financial Consultants. Please go ahead, Mr. 
Agarwal. 
Aman Agarwal: 
Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Aman Agarwal: 
The question is on the Microsoft Copilot program you are a depth partner now. I just wanted 
to understand the nature of engagements in this piece because this piece for Microsoft is 
growing quite fast, 50%, 60% Y-o-Y could you just give us a sense of the kind of 
engagements you are doing here and kind of deals you are winning here? 
Jagannathan CN: 
If you can slightly be louder, please we could not hear. I understood the Copilot depth partner 
part. If you could be a little loud. 
Aman Agarwal: 
Yes. The question was can you help us understand the nature of engagements that you have 
in this program because it is growing quite fast for Microsoft, just wanted to understand that 
and how many deal wins have you had here? 
Jagannathan CN: 
I think Copilot itself, we had a couple of deal wins in the last quarter or two, but the program 
has just been launched, I think about two, three weeks back and we have been among the 40 
organizations across the world who have been invited to join. The nature of the engagement 
with Microsoft involves three, four things that we identify vertical and go-to markets. We 

 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
August 7, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
work with Microsoft to take them to their clients based on our differentiated value 
proposition. 
Moderator: 
Yes. Mr. Agarwal, do you have any more questions? 
Aman Agarwal: 
No. 
Moderator: 
It does not look like there are any more questions. We will move to our next follow-up 
question. That is from Sushovan Nayak of Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Sushovan Nayak: 
Just two questions specific on the margins when we are looking at the international business 
and when we are looking at the domestic business, right? For my international business, I 
think if I were to take a steady state margins what would that be possibly because now it is 
15%, and I think earlier the commentary was around 19%, so on and so forth, and obviously 
there were some provision reversals, so on and so forth if you could give some flavor on that? 
On the domestic business, given that obviously the larger client, that has now gone. I wanted 
to understand because you are focusing more on the smaller clients, so I believe that will be 
more margin accretive by nature, and that would positively benefit the margins going forward 
is that the way to look at it I think that color if you could just provide, that would be helpful? 
Thanks. 
Jagannathan CN: 
Sushovan, the point what about the margin, what we mentioned is, although this is a couple 
of factors or three, four factors what we have articulated earlier about what is the impact of 
margin, why the margin dropped in this quarter for International Business, two of that will be 
recovered in the coming quarters, and they are all one-timers by nature and the benefits of 
few of them are because they are all investments will start flowing in couple of quarters later. 
We expect the margin to come back and I am not able to define a stable state EBITDA margin 
I do not want that will become a guidance kind of a nature, but definitely it will move towards 
a positive direction for us in the coming quarters and we are very, very confident to move the 
needle on EBITDA in the coming quarters very positively. I will stop here because I know 
your expectation is to give a range on EBITDA margin I wanted to avoid that as a guidance 
at present. It is qualitative you can infer from that. The second question is on this margin for 
the large deal in the domestic business. Our measurement of this deal margin is the absolute 
amount of gross contribution definitely it is positive and it will be accretive for us, but not as 
a percentage as we have been always mentioning about the absolute amount of gross 
contribution. 
Sushovan Nayak: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Actually there is one more question that is joined the queue that is Mr. Ashis 
Dash of Systematics. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
August 7, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Ashis Dash: 
Just one question. Just wanted your long-term view on the outlook. Before that just one 
question I can see that the number of clients generating above $1 million annual revenue has 
been declining for last few quarters continuously so is there anything you want to highlight, 
so why the total number of clients generating above $1 million annual revenue is declining? 
Jagannathan CN: 
We have mentioned this in the last quarter also. What is happening for us is many of these 
customers are actually getting into the next bucket, $3 million to $5 million and $5 million 
and above. The numbers because we give it at a total numerical number it looks like it is 
coming down, but we are very, very positive that most of the customers we are not losing 
customers we are moving them into the next bucket for our growth. That broadly is happening 
we are not losing any customers in this lower bucket. Now with the AI coming in, AI kind of 
deals are driving on this, a lot of new customers will be added in the first two buckets in the 
coming quarters. 
Ashis Dash: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question for today. I will turn the call back to Mr. Raj for a brief 
summary and closing statement. Over to you, Sir. 
Rajsekhar Datta Roy: 
Thank you, everyone. In summary, we are accelerating our evolution into an AI-native 
engineering-led organization. AI is now embedded across all our offerings, delivery, and 
increasingly in our operations itself and how we work with customers. We believe that it will 
unlock new opportunities for us both internally and externally with our client, creating long-
term value for our clients, employees, and shareholders. Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of the leadership team, I would like to 
thank you for your time and for your continued interest in Sonata Software. Should you have 
any follow-up queries that were not addressed, feel free to reach out to the investor relations 
team at investor@sonatasoftware.com. You may now click on the Leave icon to exit the 
meeting. Goodbye. 
