 
 
Registered Office: ‘HOEC HOUSE’, Tandalja Road, Off Old Padra Road, Vadodara - 390 020. INDIA. 
 : 91 (0265) 2330766 ● E-mail: contact@hoec.com ● Website: www.hoec.com 
 
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
‘Lakshmi Chambers’, 192, St. Mary’s Road, Alwarpet, Chennai - 600 018. INDIA.  
: 91 (044) 66229000 ● Fax: 91 (044) 66229011 / 66229012 
E-mail: contact@hoec.com ● Website: www.hoec.com   CIN: L11100GJ1996PLC029880 
 
 
August 20, 2026  
 
 
 
 
 
 
                
 By Online 
 
The Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
“Exchange Plaza”, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051           
Stock Code: HINDOILEXP 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited,  
1st Floor, P. Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Stock Code: 500186 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Earnings Call Q1 FY2026-27 – Transcript 
 
In continuation to our intimation dated August 13, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of 
the Earnings Call of the Company for the Q1 FY2026-27 held on August 13, 2026 is here with 
attached.  
 
The same is also available on website of the Company at https://hoec.com/earnings-call/.  
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
 
G. Josephin Daisy 
 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
JOSEPHIN 
DAISY
Digitally signed by 
JOSEPHIN DAISY 
Date: 2026.08.20 
15:17:26 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
“Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. BARORUCHI MISHRA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – HINDUSTAN OIL 
EXPLORATION COMPANY LIMITED 
 
MR. ALLEN JOSEPH ANDRADE – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– HINDUSTAN OIL EXPLORATION COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SALONI SONI – ERNST AND YOUNG 
 
 
 

           
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Hindustan Oil Exploration Company 
Limited Q1 FY27 earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end 
of today's presentation. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “star” then “zero” on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that, this conference is being recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Saloni Soni from EY. Thank you, and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Saloni Soni: 
Good day everyone and welcome to the Q1 FY27 earnings conference call of Hindustan 
Oil Exploration Company Limited. The company published its results yesterday and have 
uploaded the investor presentation on the exchanges earlier today. I trust all of you would 
have had the opportunity to review them. 
 
Before we start, a disclaimer. Some of the statements made in today's earnings call may 
be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and 
uncertainties which could cause the actual results to differ from those anticipated. These 
statements are based on management's beliefs and assumptions on information 
currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to play undue 
reliance on these forward-looking statements, while making their investment decisions. 
 
On that note, let me introduce you to the management in today's conference call. We 
have with us Mr. Baroruchi Mishra, Managing Director and CEO; and Mr. Allen Joseph 
Andrade, CFO. 
 
Without further ado, I'd like to hand over the call to Mr. Mishra. Thank you and over to you 
sir. 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
Thank you Saloni. Good afternoon to all of you who are on the call. Before we start, may I 
request you to spend 20 seconds looking around for your escape and evacuation routes 
just in case of an emergency, familiarize yourselves. Because that's a good thing to do 
when we start any conference calls or anything. So this is a standard thing that we should 
all be doing. 
 
So with that, let me start with a brief on how the quarter has been, what have we been 
doing and what is the look ahead for us. The quarter unfolded against a backdrop of 
continued focus on energy security, as you know. Domestic hydrocarbon production and 
infrastructure development across the entire oil and gas sector has been a heavy lift for 
the country. 
 
While the broader industry continues to navigate operational and market challenges, the 
long term fundamentals remained very encouraging for us, supported by the huge 

           
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 3 of 21 
 
demand that the country continues to see now and in all times to come, to be able to 
propel our growth by 7%-8%. Energy becomes the bedrock of this growth for the country. 
 
Against this backdrop, our focus for this quarter remained absolutely clear. We continue 
to prioritize operational execution, production optimization, and continue to work on our 
development projects while all the time trying to have a strict discipline in our capital 
allocation. While certain assets faced short term operational challenges, we made 
meaningful progress across the portfolio in positioning our key projects for future growth. 
 
So one by one I'll take you through the progress across our portfolio. Beginning with our 
offshore assets. So at B-80, our flagship offshore asset, production during the quarter was 
impacted by a higher water cut from one of the producing wells resulting in lower output. 
 
Now if you remember, we had said last time that we have to do work-over on these wells 
to shut off the water zone, etcetera. Incidentally, the water cut continued to increase and 
that has impacted production, but we continue to produce from these wells. 
 
In order to sustain production at near similar or slightly higher rates, we have changed the 
configuration of the compressor trains on the platform on the MOPU, so that the 
compressors are now able to operate with a lower suction pressure. What that does is 
that allows the well to flow more even when the flowing pressures of the well decreases. 
So that configuration change has been done, and we are in a test mode now. 
 
The workover of 2 existing wells, which are D1 and D2, we continue to stay on track. We 
are in discussion with the rig for the final award this month, and then they would be 
mobilized by October, at which time we will work over on the two wells, which are 
currently producing, shut off the water zones, open up new oil and gas zones and ensure 
that we have an increased production from these two wells. 
 
We have made meaningful progress on resolving our HPCL issue, albeit that there were 
delays in the offtake by road. But that said, the offtake continues, and we are reselling the 
crude to third parties. 
 
Moving to B15, which is the new block which has been awarded to us. The FDP is under 
preparation. We are looking at all concepts. We are evaluating three or four concepts at 
this stage. One of them includes connecting to the existing ONGC's platform to reduce 
our capital costs. So, all of that is being worked now, and we'll do the drilling in FY28. 
 
The reserve levels are 16 MMBOE, which will be reappraised after we have done some 
more processing and after the first well, we are hopeful that we'll see an upside. 
 
At PY-1, which is in our East Coast, the platform, the three wells, we have suffered serious 
production loss -- and now we are in discussion, we have already awarded a contract for 

           
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 4 of 21 
 
rig-less intervention on the wells, which will increase production from these wells in the 
short term before we come back and drill two new wells. 
 
Now the drilling of those two new wells, while we had planned for quarter four of next 
year, they have become contingent upon the ability of the gas buyers, IOCL / GAIL to lift 
our gas because otherwise, we will have sat on these new wells, having drilled them, 
ready to produce and if we keep them shut for x number of months, they will again be 
watered out. 
 
So this time, we are trying to get it right. As far as possible, we'll have a take-or-pay 
agreement either with GAIL or with IOCL and only then we will spud the wells. So that's 
the intent that we have, we are going ahead with. But in the interim, we're doing the rig-
less completion to increase production from PY1. 
 
Now, let's get back, to get to the onshore portfolio. So we have Dirok in Assam, highly 
prosperous field. We are the operator with 27-odd percentage in the field. There isn't a 
reservoir in India, and in large parts of the world, where your production header pressure 
from six wells is 3,000 PSI. That speaks to the prospectivity of this reservoir. But that said, 
we are producing only 50%-70% of the capability from the existing well stock because of 
the lack of evacuation route. 
 
Now stuff have happened in the evacuation route improvement, as in the PNGRB has 
made the DNPL line as a common carrier, earlier it was a captive of NRL/Oil India, but 
now it's a, I mean of course operated by AGCL, but now it is a common carrier. There were 
some sections in this pipeline which had degraded and therefore the overall capacity of 
the pipeline has been reduced. So they have laid pipelines along the main pipeline for 
sections which have seen asset integrity challenges, they have to tie back into the main 
pipeline. 
 
They are looking at hot tapping to tie back and get back the total capacity to back to 2.5 
million standard cubic meters from the current degraded capacity of 1, 1-1.5 MMSCMD. 
So that work is being done by Assam Gas Company Limited and we are in discussions 
with them just to be there to support with any technical requirements that they may have 
on this hot tapping. 
 
Coming to Kharsang, we had successfully completed nine wells program and we doubled 
our production from last year, but we haven't rested there. We have continued to do 
workover on a few of the wells. We have now, we had 23 additional wells there, we were 
sat for without production, and we have been working over on them. Five or six workovers 
have been completed and we are incrementally increasing production. We are also 
getting ready for the second phase of nine wells, the rig has been identified, the award is 
imminent, we are looking at tubular, we are ordering the tubulars, which should be there 
in one or two months time, and then we should be good to go for our second phase of 
drilling in Kharsang. 

           
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 5 of 21 
 
 
The problem remains that if we find gas, then we don't have a buyer and in fact, we have 
found virgin gas in two of the wells in Kharsang. That's a good problem to have, but the 
only thing is it delays the monetization of reserves because we don't have a pipeline. So 
we have started a pipeline route survey, as we speak, the tender is out, it will close 
tomorrow, and then we will have parties to start the route survey. 
 
There is a challenge there as it goes through a forest area, so regulatory clearances might 
be an issue, but given where we are and the confidence that we give to the environmental 
teams and to the forest officials about not disturbing the fauna and flora of the forest, we 
should be able to navigate this regulation and should be able to start laying the pipeline 
in six to eight months time. So that will then connect us to a continuous gas flow path that 
Oil India has already created, and that will help us monetize the Kharsang gas molecules. 
Oil we are already selling to the Digboi Refinery and to various buyers, mostly IOCL. 
 
So coming to Gujarat, in Cambay Basin, we have Asjol, Balol, and Palej. Three of these in 
Balol, we have started a new technology, which is a belt technology where the belt goes 
down and soaks up the oil and comes up and we squeeze out the oil. That new technology 
has been implemented. It is in the trial phase. 
 
Then we have also debottlenecked our Palej facility to be able to increase production by 
using thermionic heaters and those kind of things. So overall, 20% to 30% increase in 
production we will see going forward, although we have already seen a 5% to 6% increase 
in the last quarter. But more to come. 
 
Palej has a lot of potential, we have to drill additional new wells. We have also ordered 
sucker rod pumps. So we are on track to increase production from our Cambay assets. A 
new block which has to be given to us for exploration is in the final stages of approval. 
Once that happens, it's close to our Palej field, we'll be drilling new exploratory wells as 
well. So that is the long and short of our portfolio. We are on track to both grow value, 
create value as well as preserve value for our organization and for you shareholders. 
 
So with that, let me stop and I'll hand over to Allen for a quick two minutes-five minutes 
update on the financials and then I'll be very happy to take questions. 
Allen Joseph Andrade: 
Thanks, Baroruchi. I will now take you through the financial and operational performance 
of the company for the quarter. During the current quarter, the company recorded 
standalone revenues from operations of INR117.5 crores compared with negative of 
INR194 crores in the previous quarter. After accounting for profit petroleum and revenue 
share of INR9.83 crores, the net revenue stands at INR107.6. 
 
The previous quarter was impacted by the reversal of the HPCL sale of INR259 crores, as 
we are well aware. The consolidated revenue from operations for the quarter was INR124 
crores, and after profit petroleum and revenue sharing, the net consolidated revenue 
stands at INR114.17 crores. 

           
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 6 of 21 
 
 
The improvement in the current quarter, as Baroruchi had mentioned, was driven by 
higher production from the Kharsang field, mainly crude, and favorable Brent prices. This 
was augmented by the commencement of the liquidation of the B-80 crude, although at 
a slower than expected pace. 
 
Even from an operational perspective, the production from Kharsang has been most 
encouraging, where production increased from approximately 12,300 barrels of oil to 
17,400 BOE. The average realization of crude and condensate improved significantly to 
about $95.5 a barrel, compared with approximately $70.8 per barrel in the previous 
quarter on a standalone basis. 
 
In addition, the average gas price realization improved to $12 MMBTU, compared with 9.8 
MMBTU in the previous quarter. So quarter-on-quarter price changes and volume 
changes from Kharsang have delivered a really good top line. 
 
Coming to profitability, the standalone profit before tax and exceptional items was 
INR12.54 crores for the quarter compared with INR30.4 crores in the previous quarter. 
This is mainly due to the offset to cost from higher inventory of crude in the previous 
quarter. As you know, the previous quarter we reversed out the sale from HPCL and 
hence, that resulted in a higher -- in a lower cost offset to the overall operating cost. 
 
On a consolidated basis, the profit before tax and exceptional items was INR6.5 crores 
compared with INR9.01 crores in the previous quarter. The other income for the quarter 
was INR19.37 crores on a stand-alone basis and INR20 crores on a consolidated basis. 
The stand-alone other income includes the release of a long due escrow balance 
pertaining to cost recovery of approximately INR8 crores, income from an insurance 
claim, which was admitted by the insurance company of INR2 crores, and topping up of 
the Adbhoot acquisition as at March of approximately INR2.3 crores. The movement of 
profitability needs to be viewed in the context of the quarter's cost structure, mainly the 
impact of changes in inventory of crude, which is stored in tankers and not sold till the 
appropriate time. 
 
Stand-alone total expenses for the quarter at INR114 crores included depletion of INR51 
crores, royalty and other statutory dues of INR13 crores and stock adjustments of INR41 
crores. On a consolidated basis, the total expenses were INR128 crores with costs, 
including depletion at INR58 crores, royalty, cess and other statutory dues at INR15 
crores and stock adjustments of INR41 crores. The consolidated statements include the 
10% GeoEnpro sales from Kharsang. 
 
As we look ahead, our focus will be cost reduction and cash management to ensure, as 
Baroruchi said, the allocation of funds to maximize full potential of the existing reserves. 
Thank you, and I will hand it back to you, Saloni, I think with that. 

           
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 7 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have 
our first question from the line of Dhruv from Leo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Sitlani: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So I have a couple of questions. So my first question is that 
what is the current status and expected time line for the Northeast grid connectivity that 
Dirok depends on? Is the pipeline interconnection actually complete now? Or is it still 
pending? And once it's ready, by when do we expect Dirok production kind of like ramp to 
the decent levels? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
So our take is that by December, this should be completed. The Assam Gas Company 
Limited, which operates the pipeline is in discussion for hot taps to be carried out. Then 
in the NRL, there is 100-odd meters of pipeline which has to be done. That also needs a 
hot tap. We are told that by December, all of this will be completed because right now, 
after the hot tap option has become available, NRL shutdown is no more needed. So it is 
roughly 16 to 20 months lead time for hot taps. So that work is going on with the Assam 
Gas company. So December is what we are looking at. 
Dhruv Sitlani: 
Okay. Thank you. My second question is regarding what's your view on B-80 currently? 
How is the production and monetization progressing given the HPCL dispute? and when 
do we expect the issue to be resolved? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
So if you mean the B-80 crude which is stored in HPCL tanks commingled with their crude, 
we are in -- the sale continues through tankers to third parties. We have reversed the sale, 
as Allen said, in March, April of this year, and we agreed to sell it to third parties. The speed 
at which is there's being picked up by the third parties is slower than expected, but we 
hope that by end of October, early November, the entire crude inventory will be gone from 
the HPCL refinery in Chembur in Mumbai. 
Dhruv Sitlani: 
Okay sir. That was really helpful. Thank you and all the best for the next quarter. 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shubham Jain from NV Alpha Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Shubham Jain: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for taking my question. My first question was how much was the impact 
on the P&L because of sort of mark-to-market losses on the inventory that we are holding? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
So the jury has to still come back home. We are in the process of selling it, and it is 
dependent upon the Brent price. So we have sold roughly 15% of the crude as we speak 
and the realization has been -- we have incurred some losses, which is an range of INR4 
crores to INR5 crores, maybe INR6 crores. But we still have to go with the remainder of 
the crude, which is now picking up as the monsoon bears out. So we will suffer a loss. 

           
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 8 of 21 
 
Now how much? I would put my number to around 7% to 10%, but please don't take it as 
a guidance. 
Shubham Jain: 
Got it. If I adjust for this number in this quarter's number, what would the EBITDA have 
been? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
EBITDA? 
Shubham Jain: 
Yes. So we've done a INR6 crores EBITDA and there is a certain adjustment that happened 
because of the inventory level. What would the EBITDA have been ex of these 
adjustments? 
Allen Joseph Andrade: 
Okay. Let me come back to you on that because I don't want to give you this -- it's a bit of 
a technical issue because there is inventory adjustment, there is profit petroleum 
adjustment. There's a cost -- there's a sale adjustment, okay? 
Shubham Jain: 
Understood. My second question was how is the sort of rig alignment’s workover and the 
new wells that we want to dig in B-80 progressing? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
Can you speak slightly slowly? We couldn't hear you. I mean, you were not clear. 
Shubham Jain: 
So sorry. I hope I'm clear now. 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
Yes. 
Shubham Jain: 
I was asking how is the sort of alignment of rigs happening for the workover plus the new 
wells that we want to dig in B-80, have we, do we already have it in place and sort of are 
we on track to complete it by 3Q and 4Q '27 respectively?  
Baroruchi Mishra: 
Yes. So we'll start -- so if you're wanting to understand about the campaign, this is a single 
campaign that we will be looking to deliver. The first one would be two workovers, which 
are in the range of 10 to 20 days each. And then we'll have three wells, which would be in 
30 to 40 days each. And that will take us towards the end of March, early April, and then 
we will install a jacket on it and a production deck and on that basis we will we'll start 
production. 
 
Now, these are offshore wells, stuff happens sometimes the tubing gets stuck, and so 
there could be delays. So we are -- but the plan remains that by June of next year, we'll 
bring three wells on production. By November and December of this year, which is 2026, 
we will have two wells that we have worked over on production. 
Shubham Jain: 
Got it, understood. Thank you so much. I'll get back in queue. 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
Thank you. 

           
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 9 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Riddhesh Gandhi from Discover Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Hi sir. Sir, just had a few questions. We've obviously had a long delay in terms of Assam 
with regards to -- for the last, I mean two years, it's been a few months away. Right, with 
regards to it starting. Just want to understand what's giving us the confidence now and 
just wanted to understand what are the actual risks involved with regards to the Assam 
connection -- connectivity to the national grid. 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
So very good question. So the current circumstances have forced issues with the 
stakeholders, because the country needs gas, there is a supply chain disruptions, energy 
security has become a big thing. So there has been a lot of push from all stakeholders to 
align and get this done. To that extent, the PNGRB has hastened to ensure that the line 
which would carry the gas is no more a dedicated pipeline, it is a common carrier where 
anybody can pump the gas if there is demand. So that aspect is taken care of. 
 
The other aspect was the degraded sections of the DNPL line had to be replaced to 
increase the capacity. So those lines have been laid. Those sections of lines have been 
laid. Now it is just a matter of tying back to the original line so that the capacities can be 
increased and the pressures can be increased. 
 
That was earlier dependent upon NRL shut down because to be able to cut the line, you 
would have to empty the entire pipeline, depressurize it, flush it with nitrogen. That would 
mean 7 to 15 days of shut down for the Numaligarh refinery. 
 
In discussions with Assam Gas Company Limited, many stakeholders including us, we 
have been able to convince or we have been able to discuss that hot tapping could be a 
solution for ensuring that NRL does not have to take a shutdown. In fact, for hot tapping 
in a pipeline, you actually have to produce gas, continue to flow gas so that the heat can 
be dissipated. 
 
So Assam Gas Company Limited has taken on this concept, they are in the process of 
award of the hot tapping contract, we have been in discussions with them to provide 
technical support. 
 
Although we are not directly connected, but just as a responsible stakeholder, we have 
been in discussions with Assam Gas Company to provide support on, technical support 
that they might need on the hot tap. 
 
So that gives us a level of confidence. But it could have started a bit early, the tender etc., 
but floods have made a lot of disruption in Assam as we speak. Things are getting back to 
normal and in talking to the service providers of the hot tap, they are saying 16 to 20 
weeks. Although they are trying to bring it forward now, so we are hoping that in 

           
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 10 of 21 
 
December, the hot taps would be completed and we should be able to get higher capacity 
in these lines and then be able to flow to the national gas grid. So that is the premise. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
But NRL has been refusing to take a -- has been refusing to take a shut down for the last 
few years, is it? Because I mean that's the easiest solution which was there, right? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
No, so it would not be fair for me to say that they have been refusing to take a shutdown. 
It is also dependent upon whether they are allowed to take a shutdown, given the shortage 
of products, etc. So there are multiple things that play there, and I will not be the right 
person to comment. But long story short, the shutdown was delayed and we agreed with 
Assam Gas Company, they were looking for options, and we discussed that hot tap could 
be an option and on that basis, they are pushing -- they are progressing. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Got it. Sir, and the other question similarly with regards to a B-80 as well, we've done a 
number of re-workings over the last few years, right, whether it was having chemicals 
brought in and all of the equipment, etc. over the last few years. Now again, there appears 
to be another solution here. What's again giving us the confidence that it's going to work 
this time around when, I mean historically it hasn't, and just wanted to understand 
actually, what would give us the confidence that there isn't anything structurally wrong 
with a B-80 and that it's actually fixable. 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
That's a good question. In the oil and gas sector, we have to continue to pursue production 
so long as we have a level of confidence that the recoverable reserves are still in the 
ground. In India, we don't have an ecosystem where you can just make a phone call and 
get a vessel to do work on a subsea completion well. These two are subsea completion 
wells. 
 
So stuff have been tried in the past, where we've used chemicals to shut off water zones, 
etc. Some of it has worked, some of it haven't, but now we are getting a rig to be able to 
completely shut off the water zone through rig intervention. So the level of confidence in 
making an improvement towards higher production is high.  
 
We will have to do re-perforation etc., because the flexibility to operate increases if you 
have a rig on the well. These are subsea wells, so you can't -- if there were dry Christmas 
trees on a wellhead platform, you could have brought a coil tubing like we are doing in PY-
1, or a wire line and would have done stuff inside the well. 
 
But these are subsea wells and to be able to make an intervention in these wells, physical 
intervention through a tubing etc., to change zones, to re-perforate new gas and oil 
producing strata, you need a rig and that rig we are getting now. 
 
We believe our 2P reserves are still there, 26 million, of which 1.5-2 million has been 
produced so far. So there are reserves to be produced. So we are giving it our best shot, 
we are planning properly, and we hope that we will be able to minimize the risk. Risks are 

           
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 11 of 21 
 
always there in the oil and gas sector. We are hopeful that we'll minimize the risk and 
recover our investments with very good margins after we do this work. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Got it. Sir, the other question was in your latest presentation you -- we seem to have 
increased our capex budget from the Q4 presentation. Is this because of escalating, 
actually costs or is it because of incremental opportunities that we are pursuing? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
So at this stage unless we have awarded the rig contract, we'll always have to have a 
contingency. The rigs have come in very short supply now. As the oil prices increase, 
everybody wants to drill. So we have to have some increase in the contingency, and it is 
not that whatever we have set as a capex will be spent. That is the kind of facility that we 
will be creating and we'll draw down on the facility on a need basis. 
 
After doing these two workovers, our own cash flows will also improve, and a part of that 
would be funded from our internal cash flows. But just to be cautious, we are going into 
the market. We are talking to the investors and to the banks to be able to raise a pot of 
money which will allow us to do the workover and the three wells and bring them on 
production unhindered from a cash position. 
Hridayesh Gandhi: 
Got it, got it. Okay, sir. I'll rejoin the queue. Thank you. 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Manpreet Arora from Arora Wealth 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Manpreet Arora: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, one clarification first, Mr. Andrade, you mentioned 
that we realized $12 on the gas side. Now this is blended realizations across B-80 and 
Dirok? 
Allen Joseph Andrade: 
Yes, this is blended  -- cross flow. 
Manpreet Arora: 
Sir just a request, you know, in the previous presentations we used to give, you know, 
asset wise realizations on the gas and oil. 
Allen Joseph Andrade: 
Yes. 
Manpreet Arora: 
Yes, and you know it will be good if we can continue that practice because I believe that 
B-80 is IGX related and then on the Dirok side we have the PPAC pricing. You know the 
blended realizations, kind of, make it a little difficult to model, specially you know when 
Dirok will in next few quarters will start scaling up. It will help us to model it a bit better on 
how Dirok will start contributing. So I mean if you can continue that practice that we used 
to follow previously, that would be very helpful. 

           
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Allen Joseph Andrade: 
Point -- point well taken, point well taken. We will in our next presentation make sure that 
we include the offshore and onshore realizations as well so we can get an idea of what 
individual fields are realizing. But please remember that the B-80 gas which is produced 
is traded on the exchange and we realize approximately about $15 per MMBTU to $16 per 
MMBTU on that exchange. 
 
The other prices at Dirok are -- Dirok and at PY-1 are pegged at sometimes $10 MMBTU, 
sometimes $12 MMBTU. So it’s a blend. That's why it's a little difficult to tell you what 
exactly this is. But we can certainly, we've got that information. We can provide that 
without a problem. 
Manpreet Arora: 
Great, great. That is really helpful. Thank you. The other... 
Allen Joseph Andrade: 
Yes, because -- sorry, just to add I mean it's we have a JV obligation to report these figures. 
So every joint venture has quantitative information as well as the sales information. So it's 
not difficult to pull that figure out. So we will make sure that all the investors are provided 
with that information as well. 
Manpreet Arora: 
Great, great. Thank you. The other question was on the B-80, since it is a monsoon time 
right now, s the production still ongoing or have we stopped -- it is a monsoon. 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
Now which is ongoing -- we have never had a day where we shut the production, although 
we had to do some things related to asset integrity in the splash zone on one of the wells, 
we had very severe corrosion, etcetera, which we had to figure out. 
 
One of the wells has a very high water cut, and by itself it would have produced very little. 
So we have re-configured the compression so from parallel we have gotten them into 
series so that they can suck higher at a lower suction pressure. So the production 
continues albeit that it is partial at this stage. They have lived towards the end of the 
month, it should be completely 100%. 
Allen Joseph Andrade: 
Just to add, I think, you asked the question about the average price realization. If you, I 
mean, I hate to make you do this, but if you want the B-80 realization on an average is 
$16.5 per MMBTU. The Dirok is 12.5. Okay? Compared with that... 
Manpreet Arora: 
Sorry, can you say that again, 16.5 for B-80? 
Allen Joseph Andrade: 
Yes, and the Dirok was 12.5. 
Manpreet Arora: 
Okay, great. Great. Thank you. And sir... am I audible? 
Allen Joseph Andrade: 
Yes, you are. 

           
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 13 of 21 
 
Manpreet Arora: 
Yes. So sir on the DNPL side, you know, just to understand what you described about NRL 
and shut down. So the sequence of events from now on, because, you know, this was 
also mentioned in the Oil India con-call. So I think DNPL is now a common carrier. But 
there is a 200 meter, you know pipeline gap which needs to be done where IGGL -- to 
connect IGGL and DNPL? and then once that is done, then we will go for the DNPL 
capacity augmentation, whatever the, you know, degradation has happened, we will do 
the hot tapping and then you know, at the end of December, you know, we expect gas to 
flow from DNPL to IGGL. Is that a correct understanding? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
Yes, so it is in parallel. Your point is well-taken. I mean, you have made the right points. 
Only thing is AGCL are working on. There is no dependency on the hot tap and the NRL, 
there's a 100 meters or 150 meters, 200 meters of pipeline which has to connect DNPL to 
the gas grid inside NRL's -- NRL's facilities. That's a very, that's not such a big thing. 
 
The main thing is this hot taps. So they are continuing to work on the hot taps now, and at 
any suitable time, this 150 to 200 meters of pipeline will be laid inside NRL to connect 
DNPL line, which enters the gate of NRL to the exit where it connects with the gas grid. So 
that shortcut bypassing NRL, is in the gift of NRL to do it at any time. It should not be such 
a big problem. 
 
The big thing is some of these hot taps are in the middle of the fields, paddy fields and 
they have water, etcetera, in them, which has all been now -- which have all been planned 
now and the awards are imminent and the vendors have gone and seen have submitted 
the procedures. So that is the critical path, if you will, for start. And of course, this 200 
meters of pipeline, as Oil India told you, is absolutely necessary, but that is within the 
premises of NRL. As you can see, 200 meters grind is not a very big thing. 
Manpreet Arora: 
Yes. Thank you and one last thing on the B-80, in the last investor call, we had about -- 
asked about the storage that we have already 1,18,000 on the FSO. Now you had 
mentioned that we can technically sell it, but there are demurrage charges that will come 
into picture and therefore, we have to take that into account if we want to sell what we 
have currently in our FSO. Now I mean -- and you also mentioned that we are looking at 
how we can do that. So is that still-- 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
So in October, we'll sell. In October, we'll have sufficient volumes for a small tanker to be 
able to take it and we'll be able to sell, but that would be around 120,000 to 130,000 barrel 
of crude we'll be able to sell in October. Because if you have lower volumes and you send 
the large tankers, those tankers ask for demurrage charges and there is some debt 
volume which remains. So it is not an optimal number, 120,000 to 150,000. We are 
looking at smaller tankers. In October, as soon as the monsoon gets over, we will sell.  
Manpreet Arora: 
Sir, let's say, the oil price-- 

           
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 14 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Sorry, to you interrupt you Manpreet. May we request you to join queue? Thank you. We 
have next question from the line of Nishant Maheshwari, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Nishant Maheshwari: 
Hello, am I audible sir? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
Yes, you are. 
Nishant Maheshwari: 
Sir, we read something -- there is a protest in Tamil Nadu regarding of drilling two wells 
that too is related with the area of allocation. So, can you brief us about this? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
Yes. So look, these fields are all approved by the MOPNG. For as a matter of good 
practice, we keep the state governments informed. But the final arbiter on the approval to 
drill, etcetera, is the central government, which we have for the entire field. So there were 
indeed some protests around drilling these two wells. 
 
We have taken up the matter with the state government, explained to them the way this 
environmental clearance has worked, and we have showed them all the approvals that 
we have. We hope that it will not be such a big issue. So, let me rest it there. But you're 
right, there was an article there. But essentially, as you will read anywhere, the approvals 
are from the central government. We keep the state government completely informed 
though. 
Nishant Maheshwari: 
In the last con call, sir, you said that the realization of the HCPL crude was ongoing and 
the turnover might have been booked. But as on the date that the same situation is 
canceled and we are now less confident on what we have stated in the last investor 
presentation that we will be achieving 11,000 barrels per day from now to June 2027, and 
that's really now under a big -- I mean how we can trust? 
 
Because from last three years we are constantly saying that production will increase, 
production will increase, but as on date the production has drastically reduced from 2024 
levels. That’s -- now how we can trust that 11,000 barrel per day production will be there 
in this company? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
No, that point is well taken, and I understand your line of thinking on it has not been 
delivered so far. One of the key reasons why there was a further delay was the stuck-up 
of our invoice in HPCL, which was a Black Swan event in many ways, where INR260 crores 
plus, if you add the interest, roughly INR300 crores got stuck. Otherwise, the workovers 
would have been done in November of last year, and we should have been on track to drill 
-- we should have drilled these three wells to be able to get on production. That is the 
nature of the beast here. 

           
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 15 of 21 
 
 
Globally, $400 billion are spent every year to keep the production plateau, not from 
declining, not for growing production. That unfortunately, we could not do for various 
reasons. Now we are in the market to be able to raise funds to deliver that. Again, there 
could be a challenge if we don't get the funds, but at least some part of it, we are funding 
from our own accruals. So we are hopeful that we will be able to deliver. 
 
In the offshore, in the reservoir, there are always uncertainties. So, when I say 11,000, it 
could be 8,900 or it could be 13,000. But that's the range that we're looking at on the basis 
of the technical work that have been done on the reservoir and the prospectivity of this 
reservoir to produce these volumes. 
Nishant Maheshwari: 
Are we looking into Samudra Manthan scheme and get some expenses to be -- I mean, 
borne by the government of India? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
So, those are for deepwater. Samudra Manthan is essentially for deepwater as far as I 
understand, and we are in shallow water. So, right now, the eligibility for us to get some 
support, we are still in the process of evaluation. But you're right, this is a huge flip for the 
oil and gas sector in the country. Whether it supports shallow water drilling, that is 
something that we still have to understand. 
Nishant Maheshwari: 
Have we started selling crude of HPCL or--? 
Moderator: 
Sorry, to interrupt you Nishant. May we request you to rejoin the queue? 
Nishant Maheshwari: 
Sure, sure. Can they address this please? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
Yes, we have. 
Nishant Maheshwari: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nirbhay Mahawar from N Square Capital, 
please go ahead. 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity, sir. Just wanted to know, when do we see our cash flow 
sufficient for our capex commitment? Because you have mentioned that because of the 
delay from HPCL, we have delayed our capex. So with whatever operating improvement 
we're expecting, when do we see our capex from internal approval rate? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
So for delivering B-80 program, we will have to rely on debt. 2e are in the process of raising 
debt. By the quarter four of by November, December of next year, 2027, our cash flows 
will be sufficient to fund our growth for B-15, and if we get awarded another block, then 
from point forward we'll have to take a call. But for now, we have to raise debt in the 
market to be able to fund our B-80 program of three wells and two workovers and then the 
pipeline, etcetera. 

           
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 16 of 21 
 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
So what is the net debt right now? Or net cash, whatever number is? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
Our gearing is very low at this stage. It is 0.04. We have some debt on the books. Allen, 
would you like to quickly talk about that? 
Allen Joseph Andrade: 
Yes, we have a INR20 crores loan from the bank. That is it. 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
Another follow-up on DNPL, sir, is there any quantity cap in terms of common carrier, 
being a common carrier or it can take all whatever we produce? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
No, the quantity cap, -- the quantity cap is not related to it being a common carrier, it is 
related to the asset integrity of the maximum pressure containment capability of that line, 
which is 90 bars. So at 90 bars it can produce 2.5 MMSCM per day. That is the capacity of 
the pipeline. If you do hydraulics and you have sufficient residual strength, you could go 
a slightly more. 
 
Right now, because the line is degraded, they are operating it in the range of 40 bars to 50 
bars. Allow me to tell you how much is it exactly. Therefore the line capacity has come 
down to one to 1.2 or 1.3 million standard cubic meters. But as soon as the degraded 
sections are isolated and new newly laid sections are connected back, then the entire 
asset integrity of the pipeline would be restored and they should be able to then operate 
the facility at 90 bar, the pipeline at 90 bar which will take the capacity to INR2.5 million 
standard cubic meters per day. 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
So would it be fair that FY27, we'll be able to get it... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, Nirbhay, may I please request you to rejoin the queue? 
Nirbhay Mahawar 
Fair enough. Yes. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Anubhav Goel from Cosma Ventures. Please 
go ahead. Anubhav, are you there? 
Anubhav Goel: 
Hello? 
Moderator: 
Anubhav, are you there? 
Anubhav Goel: 
Yes. Hi team. So just one question for 4Q, realistically given the funding crunch, how firm 
is our plan for drilling wells in Kharsang and PY-1? My question largely is which field will 
take priority? Is it B-80, because you know there, there could be some chance we don't 
drill any new well, especially if the workovers don't give us the output we are aiming for in 
the third quarter. 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
So priority-wise, Kharsang is paying for itself, so that's not such a big thing. PY-1, the Rig-
less Intervention that we are doing we are paying from our own books, so that's also not 

           
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 17 of 21 
 
a big issue. B-80 is dependent upon the debt that we raise from the market. You are 
absolutely right, we would drill the first well, test it, understand the deliverability, then go 
to the second well, and then to the third. 
Right now, through the reservoir simulation works, we find that all of these three are very 
feasible to drill with production in the range of 1,000 to 1,500 barrels per well. But that 
said, we will continue to do the logging and logging is the surest way of understanding, 
what is the oil and gas saturation in individual startup of the reservoir, and then how 
should we tweak our next well trajectory to be able to target the sweet spots. 
But that is the work that we continue to do. No drilling campaign is ever started with a 
self-doubt in the mind that we will not be able to complete. We will only start the drilling 
campaign once we have a level of confidence that the results would be there, or be it that 
if we are targeting 1,000, it could be 700 or it could be 1,400. 
So that's something that will always be there as because we are talking about stuff which 
is 4 kilometers below the main mud line. So that uncertainty will remain. But going by the 
reservoir models that we have, we believe we have in-fill locations for three wells that 
we'll need to drill. These are development wells. 
Anubhav Goel: 
So sir, for Kharsang, I understand, but for PY-1, since the amount would be high, so it 
would be fair to say, like if we don't get the results we want by the third quarter, then we 
might just push up the deadline on that, to be conservative. 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
No, so PY-1 the dependency is the gas sales agreement. If we have buyers for the gas only 
then we will drill the two new wells, because we have burnt our fingers, if you remember 
15 years ago, these wells came on with 50 million standard cubic feet per day production. 
Not heard off from three wells in most of Bombay offshore also. But we got that. Then we 
were done in by lack of buyers and we had to keep these wells shut, and the water 
overwhelmed the gas zones because there's a basement reservoir, and then we had to re-
process and we had to get PetroVietnam to analyze it. 
They have said that we still can make 15 million to 20 million standard cubic feet per day 
from two new wells, but we'll drill those only after we have a firm gas sales agreement. 
But in the meantime, we are doing a Rig-less intervention to increase production from the 
existing wells. That would be in the short-term, which will be funded from our books. 
Anubhav Goel: 
And sir, post-December for the Dirok… 
Moderator: 
Sorry for the interrupting Anubhav, may please request you to rejoin the queue. 

           
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Anubhav Goel: 
Just my last question. Sir for the Dirok offtake post-December is it like once a pipeline is 
completed, then we will spend some time forming contracts with buyers or like, can we 
expect a quick ramp up? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
So then NRL has also been made a re-seller. The DNPL pipeline has been made a common 
carrier. So technically speaking, therefore, NRL can take our gas and sell it on the 
exchange, like we are doing in the Bombay offshore in the B-80 field where we are selling 
gas on the exchange. 
So it could be done in three days time. We don't have to have a firm buyer if we are going 
to the exchange. The route, a critical or a credible technical path to the gas, to the national 
gas grid is all that is needed for us to monetize the reserves. Then we could have 
intermediate buyers who can charge a marketing margin. But even so, we will be able to 
sell on the exchange without much hassles. 
Anubhav Goel: 
Got it sir. I'll get back in the queue. 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Mannan Patel, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Mannan Patel: 
Thank you for the opportunity, Sir. Sir, the first question is on Dirok. So DNPL has been 
made a common carrier and -- but it's only 25% of that capacity. So I want to understand 
who are the other players who will be competing with for that capacity? and once that is 
online, how much production can we ramp up due to this capacity constraint? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
So I will not be able to give you a complete answer on what is the locked-in volumes of 
other operators. Our locked-in volumes are 0.6 to 0.7, sometimes 0.5 million standard 
cubic meters on a gross basis, which we should be able to ramp up. The capacity will be 
doubled -- more than doubled from the current 1.1 million, 1.1 million or whatever is that 
number to 2.5 million. So technically, 50 million to 60 million standard cubic feet can flow 
additional in that pipeline. So we'll have to see. But as far as we understand from the 
discussions that we have had, we should be able to sell all our well stock gas once the 
pipeline capacity is brought online. 
Mannan Patel: 
And that should happen by Q4? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
December end is what is our target, what we'll see is there are some things controllable. 
There are some things not controllable. But even the uncontrollable ones, we are 
continuously talking. So, AGCL, we are continuously in dialogue with them for hot taps, 
etc. So, we're trying to do our best. Hopefully, by December, we should be on. 

           
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 19 of 21 
 
Mannan Patel: 
Got it and sir, second question is on B-80. So, workover we're planning to do in October 
once the monsoon stops. So, how long does a workover of the well take, and what kind of 
production ramp-up can we expect from each well after the -- after that workover 
happens? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
Roughly 10 to 20 days if we -- if we got a pipe stuck in or some fish in the well, etc., there 
are some problems. 10 to 20 days is a standard time for a workover. We are looking at 500 
to 800 barrels per well, and 3 to 5 million scuffs per day from these wells. But that's the 
range that we are talking about. 
Mannan Patel: 
Got it, sir. Thank you, and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow up question from the line of Riddhesh Gandhi from Discover 
Capital, please go ahead. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Sir, just want to understand that what our understanding was from the last call that you 
had explaining the HPCL situation was that because you were getting a similar price and 
there was not going to be too much of a loss you have gone ahead with the resale. Now if 
you're indicating that there is a 10%, 15% loss because the price of the Brent has reduced 
and our agreement is strong enough with HPCL that is taken on an as-is basis, then why 
aren't we then passing on this liability on to HPCL? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
Okay. So how do I say this? We have an agreement already signed where we have reversed 
the sale and HPCL has been very cooperative. They have kept the crude, and we are 
continuously working with them. We have created additional gantries for offtaking the 
crude. So there is a very collaborative atmosphere. I don't -- and we would like to preserve 
it and keep it that way rather than having double barrel guns at each other and fighting. Of 
course, there would be a conciliation process, but we want it to be very cordial and 
amicable because they are long-term partners. We are a producer and they are a 
consumer. So why not? 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
But at the end of the day, it is a commodity, right? So I mean if HPCL isn't going to take it, 
someone else will take it. It is oil at the end of the day. So if they are making on an 
agreement that we have, why wouldn't we just sort of -- I mean, as long as there was 
actually no loss, then it was okay, right, because the Brent has run up materially. 
 
Now we are saying that if Brent goes down, we're taking exposure, etcetera, shouldn't that 
be effectively -- and any -- even I mean, they have accepted the oil, right? They have 
probably tested the oil, right? and so effectively, them being cooperative and sort of 
holding the oil should not really be -- I mean would be a basic expectation, right, given it 
is their fault? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
Yes. I take your point. I wish it were to be that easy, and you were our lawyer, thought, it 
didn't work that way. We have had a situation where we have agreed on a way forward. As 

           
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 20 of 21 
 
far as a responsible corporate like HOEC is concerned, we will not renege on whatever we 
have agreed with. But going forward, the matter would be in the conciliation, High Court 
Chief Justice has been appointed, and we are hoping that it would be an amicable 
conciliation process and then we'll move on. We'll sell the crude and we'll move on. 
 
But your points are taken. These things have crossed our minds also and others' minds 
also. But where we are now is an agreed position to offtake our crude and we are not doing 
anything different. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Okay. All right. Thanks. That’s all for me. Thank you. 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow-up question from the line of Nirbhay Mahawar from N Square 
Capital. Please go ahead. Nirbhay, are you there? 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
Yes. Hello. Yes, I’m there. On Kharsang gas evaluation, how fast it can happen, sir? How 
much time would it take? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
Good question. So, we have to lay a 24 kilometers pipeline into the Oil India pipeline, 
which has been -- which has already been laid. That pipeline, 24 kilometers, we have 
started -- I mean the tender for the route survey will close tomorrow, and then we'll 
appoint a route survey agency. They will do the route. They will come up with all the 
requirements of the right of way there and then we'll apply to the agencies for the right of 
way. 
 
All going well, we believe in six to eight months, we should be able to get the right of way. 
If we get the right of use for the way -- for the pipeline route, then it is another six to eight 
months, it's just a 24 kilometer pipeline to lay. If it were to be an ideal situation, we would 
believe that by the end of next year, December next year, the pipeline could be completed. 
 
Oil India has already led a pipeline from Kumchai fields to Bordumsa and we have to tie 
into that pipeline at Bordumsa, which will then connect us all the way up to NRL and then 
to the national gas grid. So that given the difficult terrain and the forest areas to digital 
pass along the highway and below river, etcetera, we believe 14 to 18 months is the time 
it will take to lay that. 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
Sir, post our Dirok ramp-up, would it be fair to assume that all cash flow constraints will 
be over, which you are expecting by the end of financial year at least? 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
So we have -- I mean, cash flow constraints depending upon what is your work program 
and budget. If you're wanting to do more, you definitely need more cash, and we are not 
resting a  B-80, will immediately go to B15. So I'm not saying it's a constraint in the sense 
that it will prevent us from delivering what we want to do. It will help -- but Dirok will 

           
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
Page 21 of 21 
 
definitely buy up the balance sheet of the company if we are able to produce all the 
molecules that are currently locked-in in the wells. But your point is right. We will 
definitely have a better cash flow situation if Dirok is completely on stream. 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
Fair. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of the day, and I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Baroruchi Mishra: 
So thank you. I'm very delighted by the interest that our esteemed shareholders have 
about the prospects of the company and how it is doing and what is the future. That keeps 
me honest, that keeps us very sharp, and we have a burden that we carry, which is to be 
responsible to you and to be able to do everything that we can to be able to create wealth 
for yourselves, and the process, help the energy integrity or the energy security of the 
country and grow at HOEC to new heights. 
 
So thank you very much for your very active participation, and we stay -- hot standby to 
support you with any queries that you might have. So thank you for that, and we are very 
happy to interact again next quarter where we might have some better stories to say or 
some new stories to say, better meaning-- new stories to say. Let me stop there. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited, that 
concludes the conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
