 
Page 1 of 1 
Aether Industries Limited 
Registered Office: Plot No. 8203, GIDC Sachin, Surat-394230, Gujarat, India. 
Phone: +91-261-6603000  ||  Email: info@aether.co.in  ||  Web: www.aether.co.in  II  CIN: L24100GJ2013PLC073434 
Factory: Plot No. 8203, Beside Shakti Distillery, Near Rajkamal Chokdi, Road No. 8, Sachin GIDC, Sachin, Surat-394230, Gujarat, India. 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Ref. No.: AIL/SE/26/2026-27 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400001, MH. 
 
Scrip Code: 543534 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400051, MH. 
 
Symbol: AETHER 
 
 
Dear Madam / Sir, 
 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earning Conference Call 
 
In accordance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call scheduled 
on Friday, July 31, 2026, on the financial performance of the Company for the First Quarter 
ended on June 30, 2026, is enclosed herewith. 
 
We request you to kindly take the information on your records. 
 
Thank you. 
 
For Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
Chitrarth Rajan Parghi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mem. No.: F12563 
 
 
Encl.: As attached 
CHITRARTH 
RAJAN 
PARGHI
Digitally signed by 
CHITRARTH RAJAN 
PARGHI 
Date: 2026.08.07 
10:01:12 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Aether Industries Limited 
Post Results Conference Call” 
July 31, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. AMAN DESAI – PROMOTER AND WHOLE TIME 
DIRECTOR – AETHER INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. ROHAN DESAI – PROMOTER AND WHOLE TIME 
DIRECTOR – AETHER INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. FAIZ NAGARIYA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
AETHER INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. KUSHAL DOSHI – LEAD INVESTMENT RELATIONS 
– AETHER INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MS. SHUBHANGI DESAI – EXECUTIVE INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – AETHER INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NILESH GHUGE – HDFC SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2026 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Aether Industries Post Results Conference 
Call hosted by HDFC Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nilesh Ghuge from HDFC Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Yes. Thank you, Elrik. Good afternoon, all. On behalf of HDFC Securities, I welcome everyone 
to this Aether Industries conference call to discuss the results for the quarter ended June 2026. 
From the Aether Industries, we have with us today Dr. Aman Desai, Promoter and Whole Time 
Director; Mr. Rohan Desai, Promoter and Whole-Time Director; Mr. Faiz Nagariya, Chief 
Financial Officer; Mr. Kushal Doshi, Lead Investor Relations; and Ms. Shubhangi Desai, 
Executive IR. 
 
Without further ado, I will now hand over the floor to Mr. Kushal Doshi to begin with the 
earnings for the quarter of FY26. Over to you, Kushal. 
Kushal Doshi: 
Thank you, Nilesh. A warm welcome to everyone. Today, our Board has approved the financial 
results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2027, and the same has been filed with the exchanges 
as well as updated over our website. Please note that this conference call is being recorded, and 
the transcript of the same will be made available on the website of Aether Industries Limited 
and the stock exchanges. Please also note that the audio of the conference call is a copyright 
material of Aether Industries Limited and cannot be copied, rebroadcasted or attributed in press 
or media without specific and written consent of the company. 
 
Let me draw your attention to the fact that on this call, our discussion will include certain 
forward-looking statements, which are predictions, projections or other estimates about future 
events. These estimates reflect management's current expectations on future performance of the 
company. 
 
Please note that these estimates involve several risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual 
results to differ materially from what is expressed or implied. Aether Industries Limited or its 
officials do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, 
whether as a result of future events or otherwise. 
 
Now I hand the call to Mr. Rohan Desai, who will begin by sharing Aether's business outlook, 
the ongoing expansion and also discuss -- and then to Dr. Aman Desai, who will provide inputs 
on the R&D and the new client initiatives and strategy of the company going forward. And then 
Mr. Faiz Nagariya will cover the financial highlights for the period under review. 
 
Now I hand over the call to Mr. Rohan Desai for his opening remarks. Over to you, Rohan. 
Rohan Desai: 
Thank you, Kushal. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. We have 
uploaded the investor presentation as well as the FAQs for your reading so that we can spend 
time on the call with respect to the current business environment as well as the business 

 
 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2026 
Page 3 of 17 
 
initiatives, which will be critical for the growth of Aether. I'm pleased to report that financial 
year 2027 started as per our plan with growth in the core, discipline on the balance sheet and the 
new strategic vectors opening up that Aman and I are genuinely excited to talk to you about 
today. 
 
Site 3++ block that we had commissioned in February 2026 is ramping up as per our 
expectations. The Baker Hughes contract continues to scale and our CRAMS and contract 
exclusive manufacturing pipeline is the deepest it has ever been. 
 
Our two contract-led model, contract exclusive manufacturing, CEM, and Contract Research 
and Manufacturing Services, CRAMS, have moved from promise to backbone. CEM runs at 
EBITDA margins north of 28% to 30%, so every point of mix that shifts towards this model 
makes our earnings both larger and more resilient. Under CEM sits real contractual relationships, 
long-term take-or-pay/minimum volumes offtake agreements with global leaders such as Baker 
Hughes, Seqens, Saudi Aramco, and Milliken. 
 
In Q1 FY 2027, we have onboarded 10 new marquee clients and cleared more than nine customer 
and certification audits. In financial year 2027, the demand signal is the strongest we have ever 
seen from order visibility, rising urgencies from customers in the West, and the CRAMS to CEM 
conversion pipelines that keep deepening. 
 
My headline is simple. CEM and CRAMS are compounding, getting more profitable as they 
scale, and we have a clear line of sight to these two models contributing 70+ of our -- percentage 
of our revenue in the next couple of years. The core business is performing well, but I do not 
want this call to be only about the good quarter. 
 
I want to use today to tell you where Aether is heading next, and that brings me to what I believe 
is the most exciting chapter in this company story since we listed. Since last 13 years, India -- 
Aether has done difficult chemistries that we feel few companies in the world can do and have 
done it in India. 
 
Today, the single largest material science opportunity of this decade is the semiconductors 
behind AI and 5G revolution. And here is the exciting part. Some of the chemistries those 
semiconductor segments depend on is a chemistry in Aether’s core competencies. Every time 
the world moves faster, 5G, AI data centers, high frequency computing, the circuit board itself 
becomes the bottleneck. At this speed, ordinary board material leaks, gets overheated, and 
distorts signal. 
 
The industry’s answer is a class of advanced low dielectric materials, resins, and coupling agents 
engineered to carry high frequency signals with almost no loss. This goes into the copper-claded 
laminate and high-speed printed circuit boards inside every 5G base station, every AI server, 
and every advanced device. This is one of the fastest growing corners of the electronic materials. 
Those light, low dielectric materials are built from the small family of specialty monomers and 
coupling agents made by only a handful producers globally, with no capacities in India. Few of 
them are the specialty monomers that Aether is actively developing. 

 
 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2026 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
It sits in several steps upstream of the 5G and AI hardware supply chain as a building block for 
silane coupling agents that bond and toughen the glass fiber and resin layers of the high-speed 
circuit board, high-performance PPE-type resins used in copper-clad laminate for high-speed 
PCBs. The low dielectric formulations that are today central to 5G and next-generation 
electronics materials. 
 
These molecules that Aether will be manufacturing in its brand new site, Magnum, that is Site 
5, is upstream input to the board inside 5G and AI hardware. This is low volume, high value, 
genuinely hard-to-make product, exactly our type of chemistry, and a rare and valuable place 
for an Indian specialty chemical company to stand. Why is it the right time for Aether to get into 
this? 
 
The answer is twofold. India’s semiconductor and electronic market is on the path from roughly 
$50 billion today towards $110 billion in 2030. On top of a global high-speed electronic market 
compounding on the back of 5G and AI. The pool is structural and not cyclical. The other is the 
global capacity for this specialty electronic monomers is concentrated in very few and is 
rationalizing, which makes a qualified cost-competitive Indian producer strategically valuable 
for both import substitution and exports. 
 
So here is how I would like to frame it. Our core specialty and CRAMS plus CEM business is 
delivering 25% to 30% compounding growth you have come to expect. And on top of that, we 
are planting a seed today upstream of AI and 5G semiconductor supply chain, one that could 
grow into the most valuable material science franchise in the country. 
 
With that, let me hand over to Dr. Aman Desai to take you inside our operations, strategic 
initiatives, and expansions. Over to you, Aman. 
Aman Desai: 
Thank you, Rohan, and a warm welcome to all from my side. Good afternoon. Rohan spoke 
about where the demand is heading. Let me take you inside the engine room, how we are building 
the capacity and the capability to meet it. I’ll cover three things, where each of our expansion 
projects now stand, the momentum building in our contract and exclusive manufacturing 
business, and a milestone partnership that we announced just today. 
 
Site 3++, commissioned at the end of February, is ramping quite well and contributing at healthy 
utilization. This is the site that we have established a Milliken supply agreement for. It has 
reached meaningful commercial contribution much faster than we had planned. Site 5, for our 
dedicated facility for the Baker Hughes and oil and gas sector, has been a standout and continues 
to scale on the back of our long-term strategy contract. The centerpiece of our capacity story is 
Magnum, which is the name for our Site 5 in Panoli, a mega site with 16 production blocks 
commissioned in phases. 
 
Phase 1 has become online and once fully operational, we expect asset turn of 1.5 to 1.75. The 
total investment is in the order of INR2,200 crores to INR2,300 crores. Phase 2, FY 2030. 
Several customers have already pre-audited sites, have already completed the pre-audits for Site 
5, and the demand is lined up well ahead of the capacity. R&D, as always, remains our true 
engine. 

 
 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2026 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
Our interim expansion is complete. Additional fume hoods and a new 400 megahertz NMR are 
in service. A much larger R&D facility, as you know, with around 15 new labs and close to 160 
cumulative fume hoods, is on track for commissioning in FY 2028. This is what lets us take on 
more complex chemistry for more customers at higher value in a continuously increasing rate. 
Contract and Exclusive Manufacturing has truly become the growth engine of the company. 
 
The mix shift is margin-accretive. CRAMS and CEM carry materially higher margins than large-
scale manufacturing, and every quarter we convert more CRAMS relationships into long-term 
Exclusive Manufacturing contracts. We see a clear rise in the urgency from customers, especially 
in Europe, where the economics of manufacturing at home have become difficult, if not 
impossible. 
 
Each new audit cleared and customer onboarded is a foundation for durable contracted high-
quality revenue for Aether. Let me close with a milestone that we have announced on the 30th 
of July, i.e., today Aether and Dow Chemical have launched one of India’s first dedicated 
collaborative research programs to develop new manufacturing technologies for silicones. 
 
It is an exclusive multi-year program with all research and pilot plant scale-up activities to be 
carried out at Aether’s facilities of R&D and pilot plant in Surat, Gujarat. Why does this matter? 
Silicones are a strategically important class of high-performance materials used across 
construction, transportation, electronics, healthcare, renewable energy, and personal care. And 
India today imports bulk of silicones, especially the foundational molecules are all imported. 
There is no manufacturer of these foundational molecules in India. 
 
That dependence is exactly the kind of gap Aether exists to close. Dow choosing us as its 
exclusive research partner in India validates our process chemistry and technology competencies 
and scale capabilities. 
The agreement also establishes a framework for long-term strategic partnership, including the 
potential commercialization and industrial scale manufacturing of the technologies that we 
develop together. So while this begins as a research and pilot project, the door it opens is much 
larger, a platform technology development to address India’s multibillion-dollar silicones 
market in step with the Make in India vision. 
 
Every decade, specialty chemical companies have one opportunity to enter a new platform 
chemistry. Twenty years ago, it was fluorochemicals. Today, it is advanced silicones. If we can 
develop differentiated manufacturing technology with Dow, we are not adding one product, we 
are opening the door to decades of innovation and combined value creation. 
 
So, to sum up my part, capacity is coming online on schedule. CEM is accelerating our 
profitability margins. Our R&D engine is always expanding and we have now today opened a 
landmark partnership with Dow. 
 
I’ll now hand over to the financial review. Faiz, over to you. 
Faiz Nagariya: 
Thank you, Dr. Aman, and good afternoon, everyone. I am glad to present the financial results 
of Aether Industries Limited for Q1 of FY27. The consolidated revenue for Q1 of FY27 has 

 
 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2026 
Page 6 of 17 
 
increased by 27% year-over-year, and it has reached INR3,266 million in this quarter as against 
INR2,566 million in Q1 of FY26. The EBITDA has reached INR1,028 million in Q1 FY27, as 
against INR785 million in Q1 of FY26, which is an increase of 31% year-over-year. 
 
EBITDA margins stood at 31% in this Q1 of FY27 as against 30% in Q1 FY26. The PAT 
amounted to INR627 million in Q1 of FY27, as against INR470 million in Q1 FY26, which is 
an increase of 33% year-over-year. The PAT margin stood at 19% in Q1 of '27, as against 18% 
of Q1 of FY26. The final claim for the fixed assets lost in the fire accident on November 29, 
2023, has been received from the insurance company in Q1 of FY27. With this, we have received 
the entire claim from the insurance company. 
 
We remain fully cognizant on the working capital discipline, and its sustained reduction 
continues to be a clear operational priority. While overall working capital intensity has 
improved, inventory levels remain elevated, primarily reflecting strategic raw material 
positioning and semi-finished materials for Site 3++ and Site 5. 
 
We expect a progressive decline in working capital days as revenues from Site 3++ materialize 
and Site 5 comes on stream. In parallel, the growing contributions from CEM contracts and the 
expansion of our CRAMS capabilities are expected to further ease working capital intensity and 
strengthen overall capital efficiency. The total capex for Q1 of FY27 was INR943 million. 
 
The capex expected for FY27 is expected to be between INR3,000 million to INR3,500 million. 
The capex of FY27 will primarily be to Site 5 and also for the new R&D site, which is already 
progressing well. The capacity utilization at all plants stands as under Site 2, 74% Site 3, 69% 
and Site 4, 59%. 
 
Thank you once again, and we look forward to better outcomes than this in future as well. Back 
to you, Kushal. 
Kushal Doshi: 
Thank you, Faiz. We shall now request the moderator to open the forum for questions and 
answers. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Nilesh Ghuge with HDFC Securities. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Yes, thanks. First of all, let me congratulate Aether team for their collaboration with Dow India 
for the research program to advance silicone manufacturing technology development. The press 
release also mentioned that the agreement framework for a long-term strategic partnership, 
including the commercialization and industrial scale manufacture of technologies in there. 
 
My question is related to those. Guide us on any orders that you have in hand for the 
semiconductor segment and the products you are planning to manufacture in this. And to Aman 
particularly, which are the chemistries involved in this, which fit in your address markets? 
Rohan Desai: 
Let me take this, Aman. I'll take the first question that -- which is related to the semiconductors, 
as Nilesh asked that do we have any orders in hand. So Nilesh, for the competitive reasons, we 
don't break out our order book or the product count for the program at this stage. However, we 
will update you on the contracts being done in the due course. So please bear with us. 

 
 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2026 
Page 7 of 17 
 
 
We'll announce them once we sign off with various multinational customers. But we are 
pursuing a focused market, a small number of high-value molecules, not a broad range of 
products because the whole thesis here is the depth, not the breadth. On chemistry, it draws 
directly on our core process chemistries and coupling [inaudible 0:19:00]. 
 
The same competencies our CRAM and CEM businesses, which is exactly [inaudible 0:19:12] 
and don't have to start from the scratch. I hope I am answering your question in an indirect way, 
but please bear with us for the time until we announce to the public once we sign up the contract. 
Over to you, Aman. 
Aman Desai: 
Yes, Nilesh, to answer the competencies question, it’s a good question. Its the Dow program, 
manufacturing silicones and developing new technology to manufacture silicones aligns 
perfectly well with our existing core competencies, and this is why Dow has chosen us for our 
capabilities of chemistry and technology competencies and our ability to scale up such complex 
technologies and stuff like continuous technology, extreme process conditions, chemistries, high 
pressure, very high pressure, very high temperature chemistries, catalysis. These are all going to 
be involved in these processes that we develop together with Dow, and they are a perfect fit for 
our competencies. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
And the second question is, how is order book for our LSM products, which you have started 
selling from Magnum site, the Site 5 at Panoli. Tell me, if it is possible for you to share the name 
of the products or the end users of these products. Thank you. 
Rohan Desai: 
Great question, Nilesh. Magnum, that is our Site 5, which is at Panoli, began commercial sales 
of the new LSM products during this quarter. And we expect them to start contributing to our 
revenue in Quarter 2 of financial year 2027. This is the first set of three new LSM products 
across pharmaceutical, agrochemicals, and material science sector, priced roughly at $30 to $40 
per kilo range. Importantly, these are the molecules made in India for the first time. 
 
So there are -- this is a clear import substitution products and eventual having an export 
opportunities also. Order buildup is in progress. As we already started manufacturing this 
particular pharmaceutical intermediate in Site 3 for the time being at a 10 to 15 metric tons per 
month capacity to save time. On the specific names, we cannot disclose the name of the product 
for confidentiality reasons… 
Moderator: 
Hello. I'm sorry, your voice is a little muffled. Please come a little closer to the microphone. 
Rohan Desai: 
Sure. So, on the name of the pharmaceutical product, we cannot disclose. We want to keep it 
confidential for competitive reasons. But let me disclose that the application on the 
pharmaceutical side is to lower the blood cholesterol and triglyceride levels and to prevent heart 
attack and strokes. Does that answer your question, Nilesh? 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Chaitanya Kamdar with Avestha Fund Management 
LLP. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2026 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Chaitanya Kamdar: 
Congratulations on the results. I had a few questions. Could you help us understand the scope of 
the Dow collaboration, specifically what is being developed under this program? Is it mainly 
silicone products or something else? And who are the major players in India? 
 
Secondly, what’s the path to commercialization and timeline, if there is any? And what should 
investors like us track over the next few quarters or years out here? And finally, beyond the 
CRAMS revenue, what else is Aether’s economic upside out here? 
Aman Desai: 
Thank you for the question. Let me take this step by step. The program develops new 
manufacturing technologies for silicones, not a single product. It’s a whole platform technology 
that we are developing. Silicones, as you know, are a high-performance glass used across 
construction, mobility, electronics, healthcare and other fields. 
 
India imports the majority of the silicone needs today, mainly from China, Germany and the 
U.S. In India, there are no companies that manufacture the foundational elements of the 
silicones. They are mostly imported. They’re largely imported. The global majors, of course, 
include Dow, but other global majors include Wacker, Momentive, Elkem, Shin-Etsu. 
 
What’s effectively absent is any indigenous development of silicone manufacturing technology, 
and that’s the wide space that this program addresses, which is why we call it one of India’s first 
collaborative programs of its kind. And so we are not entering into a crowded domestic field. 
We are, in fact, creating a whole platform field in India. What should investors track? 
 
Think of it in stages, R&D and process development first, pilot scale validation, and then in the 
-- this agreement also establishes a framework for the potential manufacturing and 
commercialization of this technology. 
 
And so we are at a very early stage. We announced it today. We will start the research and pilot 
plant program, which is intensive and significant. So the markers that you know as investors you 
could track is, first, the progress and completion of the pilot work at Surat. Second, in the future, 
transitioning from research into a definitive commercial framework with Dow. 
 
And the third, potentially in the future, would be a capex commitment, I suppose, on a dedicated 
block on an entire site earmarked for the platform silicones technology. So we’ll flag it, each 
one of it, as it happens, of course. As you can understand, we can’t put a revenue date on this 
right now. What else does Aether get from this? It’s part of our CRAMS portfolio, but we are 
building new capabilities. 
 
We are building a new platform technology with deep process knowhow in silicone chemistry, 
which is one of the largest material classes which we weren’t in at all before. A global silicone 
leader like Dow choosing us as its exclusive research partner is a powerful endorsement, I 
believe, of our process chemistry technologies and technology competencies and scale-up 
capabilities. 
It deepens our silicones and silanes platform, which is adjacent to our advanced material 
opportunities, specifically the semiconductor opportunities that Rohan has been highlighting. 

 
 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2026 
Page 9 of 17 
 
And it creates, finally, a long-term platform to tap into India’s multi-billion-dollar silicones 
market. So hopefully I answered each part of your questions. Happy to answer more. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Keshav Bharadia with Wallfort Financial. 
Keshav Bharadia: 
Congratulation on a great set of numbers as well as the tie-up with Dow Chemical. Just wanted 
to understand if we could get some broad timeline of when we could expect a meaningful 
breakthrough in the research and when it could convert into a large-scale industrial 
manufacturing, as well as how large would the opportunity be to be able to potentially dedicate 
an entire site to it? 
 
Like in terms of production blocks, what could we look at from this? Another extension to that, 
since Dow is also present across other multiple product segments, is there potential to collaborate 
on other product segments within Dow’s portfolio as well? 
Aman Desai: 
So, thank you for the question, Keshav. Sorry, in terms of a time line, this is a multiyear research 
program. But as soon as we get promising results, you could potentially think about moving it 
up ahead in the value chain. So let us not comment on a specific time line right now, but it is a 
firm program. It's a dedicated program. And needless to say, the point of it is to scale and the 
point of it is to go upwards in the value chain. And so and then -- I'm sorry, I missed the last part 
of your question. 
Keshav Bharadia: 
Yes, the question was, is there potential for collaboration for other products as well in Dow’s 
portfolio? 
Aman Desai: 
So we have -- some of you might recollect, we have significant history with Dow Chemicals. I 
myself worked in Dow's core R&D organization for 3 years. Our CTO is Dr. James Ringer, -- 
he spent 30-plus years at a director level at Dow. Our business development leader, Ray Roach, 
is also 30-plus years with Dow. 
 
And so there's a lot of history and between Aether and -- some of Aether's key people and Dow. 
And so this is our first program that we are officially launching, right? And it's a significant 
program in itself with the potential of tapping into the almost $1 billion silicones market in India, 
which is projected to grow at a CAGR of 7% to 10%, I believe. And of course, needless to say, 
Dow is one of the largest chemical companies of the world. 
 
Once you have the first program initiated and aligned and are established as a trusted partner, 
then needless to say, yes, it will -- it should open the door towards other opportunities with Dow 
Chemical, considering especially the history that we have together. So fully expecting that, but 
currently focusing on this program, getting it off the ground and having fun in the lab right. 
Keshav Bharadia: 
Great, sir. Just a follow-up question I had was, it’s been remarkable how we’ve been able to 
onboard new customers when it comes to the CEM model. Sir, could you talk a little bit about 
what other kind of customers are we in conversations with, new European or U.S. majors who 
are looking to shift manufacturing to low-cost bases such as India, and potentially when could 
we hear of those announcements? 

 
 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2026 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Aman Desai: 
Yes. If you look at the announcements that we’ve made over the last few years, they include 
marquee names like Baker Hughes, Milliken, Seqens, now Dow Chemical, Polaroid, Otsuka in 
Japan, and so on and so forth, and a few more. So there are marquee names, and if you analyze 
the Business domains, industry domains we are in, they include pharmaceuticals, they include 
petrochemicals, they include material sciences, they include oil and gas, performance materials, 
Dow Chemical, now a pure play chemical company. 
 
It’s really across the board that our partnerships are in the CRAM space. Behind every Dow 
Chemical that we are able to get permission from them to name, there are at least four to five 
others that we are already working with as well at various stages where the ability to -- of these 
companies to give permissions for their names to be announced together in the public domain is 
a very significant and tedious exercise, and not everybody approves that, right? 
 
And so behind every one that we are able to announce, there are at least four to five others in the 
same domain space that we are working with at various stages. It’s a very exciting time, I believe, 
for our company, especially with the foundations firmly in place and these partnerships firmly 
established. And we are -- you probably named the innovator in these spaces, and we are already 
talking to them at some of the other levels. It’s a very exciting time and hopefully many more 
announcements to come in the near future and midterm future. Thank you. 
Keshav Bharadia: 
That’s great to hear. Sir, just a last question from my side. Sir, just on the semiconductor 
materials, what kind of product applications would these chemicals have? If you could talk a 
little bit about that. As well as would we have any benefit from the upcoming ISM 2.0? 
 
Because I believe that is more on the equipment and chemicals and the raw material side. So any 
benefit there? As well as, we have announced for one production block by Q3 FY27, how 
confident are we to commercialize that? Going forward, just based on the discussions you’re 
having with customers, what could be the potential size of this opportunity? 
Rohan Desai: 
So, I’ll take these questions. So the applications are basically in the 5G and AI hardware supply 
chain. It is used as a building block for silane coupling agents that bond and toughen the glass 
fibers and resin layers of high-speed circuit boards. Also, it is used in high-performance PPE-
type resins, used in copper-clad laminates for high-speed PCBs, printed circuit boards, and also 
low dielectric formulations that are today, which are very important to keep 5G and next 
generation chipsets cooled enough. So that’s the application. 
 
We are starting with capacities of 400 tons at this point of time, which is supposedly going to 
grow 3x by 2030. That’s what we are looking at. So that’s the size of the business. The average 
product value is approximately $50 a kilo. And so it's a high-end, low volume, high value, very 
hard to make product which falls into our core competency, and where nobody in India is 
manufacturing this product. Does this answer your question? 
Keshav Bharadia: 
Yes, sir. If you could just talk a little bit about, is there any benefit or are we looking to participate 
in ISM 2.0 for this? 
Rohan Desai: 
Yes, we are looking into it. We are applying into it. I’ll not promise anything at the moment 
because the structure is still not clear. We are getting clarity at this moment, and as soon as we 

 
 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2026 
Page 11 of 17 
 
have clarity, we believe that we fall into this space, and so we can take advantage of this structure 
which government has introduced. 
Keshav Bharadia: 
Perfect, sir. Congratulations again, and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sajal Kapoor with Antifragile Thinking. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Hi. Congratulations team. What an alliance, what an announcement. A couple of questions. 
You’ve described a clear path from joint research to pilot validation and potentially dedicated 
manufacturing. At what point does this relationship become genuinely hard for either Dow or 
Aether to replace rather than simply being a very successful research partnership? 
Aman Desai: 
Thank you. A very interesting question. It is a genuine partnership already. It’s a multi-year 
research program, and borrowing on our core competencies already that have been established. 
But yes, once we hit success with the program, once the alignment happens on the scale-up and 
the ultimate potential manufacturing, that’s really when it becomes a hardcore inseparable 
partnership, especially towards commercialization as well, right? 
 
And so that will take some time, a few months to a few years. But very much the target is that, 
right? So the fact that we could do such an announcement with quotations from very senior 
leadership within Dow India and the Dow US really sends a very strong signal from them 
towards this partnership that we are building, right? 
 
And so it's set on very solid foundations. The fundamentals are very strong of the partnership, 
and then it’s up to us now, of course, as you say, the R&D and the pilot plant will be done, 
activities will be done at Aether. 
 
The bulk of the development will be done by Aether and at Aether, the ball is really in our hands 
now to take this ball that has been given to us and hit a sixer with it out of the stadium, which 
we fully intend to. Thank you. More to come. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Yes, yes. No, I'm definitely keeping our fingers crossed for that. So -- and then just my last 
question is, you said Dow will help Aether build deep process know-how in a chemistry you 
weren't in before. How much of that learning becomes an Aether capability that can compound 
beyond the Dow program versus remaining specific to just this kind of an alliance. I mean what 
would tell us that transfer has happened and the capability is compounding years after that 
alliance may or may not exist? 
Aman Desai: 
Yes. So that's a good question, and there's two answers to that, and that's the beauty of sticking 
to your core competencies, right? And so we've always mentioned our so-called 8x8 matrix of 
chemistry and technology competencies. We have always focused on these competencies, and 
this program is a firm fit to these competencies already. And so we are going to significantly 
enhance these competencies by the way of this program. 
 
And the use of chemistry and technology is really an ocean, right? And so there's going to be so 
many opportunities out there where we can leverage the learnings and the expertise gained from 
such very complex programs. And so that's one answer to that question. 

 
 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2026 
Page 12 of 17 
 
 
The other answer is really this is not about a single product. It's not about a single -- it's about a 
platform technology development in this program, right? And so, we should be able to leverage 
into the whole platform of silicon's technology in the future if we go into manufacturing and 
commercialization along with Dow, right? 
 
And so this should be -- enable us to cater towards advanced silicones, which satisfy multiple 
industry domains, semiconductors, electronics, coatings, formulations, encapsulants, and so on 
and so forth, right? And so that's what -- I think once we start foraying into these products, into 
these industry domains and into these announcements, that's what will be your trigger as an 
investor to keep track of. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Soham Jain with Dalal & Broacha Stock Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Soham Jain: 
First of all, congratulations on good set of numbers. Just wanted to understand what does 
exclusive research partner mean in scope? So is Aether’s exclusivity with Dow limited to India, 
or does it extend globally to specific silicone product lines? And does this restrict Dow from 
working with other Indian CRAMS CEM players on the adjacent silicone chemistry? 
Aman Desai: 
Yes. In the terms of the research program that we are doing, it’s an exclusive relationship 
between Dow and Aether. Dow will only work with Aether will only work with Dow in the 
research program that we are specifically targeting towards new ways of manufacturing silicone 
in India. 
Soham Jain: 
Yes and second question, so Aether’s semiconductor products are currently being supplied to 
customers in Japan. While Sumitomo Chemical is also looking to manufacture a high purity 
semiconductor process chemicals in India. Could you explain how Aether’s offering differs from 
this opportunity, and are we focused on different part of semiconductor value chain? And is this 
the high purity process chemical segment something Aether may explore in future? 
Rohan Desai: 
Mr. Jain, this is an excellent question. A very important question to ask. You know quite well 
how the semiconductor is developing in India, and you are tracking it. But I would like to draw 
a clear line here. 
 
If you see the most recent entrants or announcements, which multiple companies are making are 
targeting a fab level consumables, that is high purity gases, solvents, photoresists, and CMP 
chemicals, which are largely purification and scale play, which is led by heavy capex, long fab 
qualification cycles. That’s not where we are playing, basically. 
 
Our entry point is advanced electronic materials, specifically the low dielectric materials inside 
high-speed circuit boards for 5G and AI hardware applications. This is at the center where the 
core is a specialty monomer we are developing that sits upstream of the coupling agents and 
resins those boards are made from. The difference is chemistry. 
 
It is complex, it is low volume, high-value molecules, our core strength for 13 years, which we 
have been developing rather than the commodity purification. And we are doing it in a capital 
light, R&D and pilot plant first fashion. A very different risk profile from building a large 

 
 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2026 
Page 13 of 17 
 
dedicated plant on specification, which we have to run. So we are totally differentiated than rest 
of the companies who have announced their foray in the semiconductor space. We believe that 
we are going to manufacture or are manufacturing these products for the first time in India. Does 
this answer your question, Mr. Jain? 
Soham Jain: 
Yes. It was quite helpful. Thank you and congratulations on good set of numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rohit Nagraj with 360 ONE Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Congrats on a healthy set of numbers. First question, in terms of the incremental products that 
we are commercializing, they are also going into traditional applications of pharma, agro, oil 
and gas. Just understanding, we’ve seen that particularly post-COVID, I mean, generally our 
focus has been on niche specific molecules and gaining larger market share. 
 
But post-COVID, we have seen that there has been certain competition from China and even 
those niche molecules had got their impacts on the pricing. How have we now changed the 
strategy so that we don’t get impacted from such competition for the newer molecules which we 
are developing and commercializing? Thank you. 
Rohan Desai: 
I will take this question, Rohit. What we are seeing is our focus is being CRAMS and CEM, 
where we are focused to take these both business models to 70-plus percentage in the years to 
come. We are already about 50% on this as it has been a clear focus from the start for Aether to 
be focused on CEM and CRAMS. But if you see on the LSM side, we have never lost the market 
share against the Chinese companies on the products we have been manufacturing, even when 
the price is reduced by 30%, 35% post-COVID times. 
 
The prices have corrected quite a bit in the recent last few months, and we believe that we are 
still competitive on all the products which we are manufacturing. And still the LSM product line 
business segment is important to us, even though it will contribute only 35% of our total top line 
in the few years to come. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. That’s helpful. Second, on the Dow collaboration. First of all, congratulations on the same. 
A few questions on this. First, in terms of R&D investment, what is the kind of investment that 
we are looking at? Second, in terms of the opportunity, given that you mentioned that Dow has 
been doing this particular product for several years, so why indigenous technology? What would 
be different in terms of developing the technology which is already established? 
 
And third, if there is an import substitute market in India which is a billion-dollar, why not start 
with initial production and over a period of time then optimize the technology so that we become 
relatively better off than the traditional technology? So three questions to this part. Thank you. 
Aman Desai: 
Yes. So let me take that. Thank you, Rohit. I'll try and answer each one. It's an exclusive -- Dow 
research program, where we will not be able to comment on the size of the investment, but it is 
significant in terms of what we are setting out to do. 
 
It's an intensive, complex multiyear program. It is a different technology. So the goal is not to 
make the same silicones the way that Dow and the other leaders of the globe make it currently. 

 
 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2026 
Page 14 of 17 
 
The goal is to get into newer technologies and new methods of manufacturing the same products. 
So there is a time gap for that, right? 
 
You have to develop the technologies. They are already developed to a certain stage. It has to 
be fully fleshed out and scaled up and validated and then it can be put into commercialization. 
And so the goal is completely different. The goal is to develop new technology methods and 
new ways of manufacturing silicones in India for the first time and then take it towards 
commercialization. 
 
And so that's the answer to that question. And then in terms of the import substitution, yes, sir. 
So as I said, the foundational silicones are not manufactured in India at all. They are imported 
from outside India, and this is a $1 billion market that we -- that is currently existing and growing 
in India with -- as the Advanced Materials segment grows continuously. And so that's the market 
that we're going to be addressing potentially in the future. So hopefully, I answered your 
questions. Happy to clarify more if required. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Akshay with AK Investment. Please go ahead. 
Akshay: 
Okay. So sir, my first question is about the material science segment. You have given the very 
good insight about the material science and the growth levers about the AI and semiconductor 
and all these segments. So when do we expect to start a commercial supply for these type of 
developments? And also we have developed the semiconductor chemicals, so when do we expect 
to commercialize these chemicals? 
Rohan Desai: 
So ill take this question, Akshay. We have already started manufacturing this product in site 3 
on one stream, whereby we have completed the qualifications batches with our customers, 
submitted the samples, also got few smaller quantity orders, which we are delivering at this 
moment. 
 
Also, the big stream, that is a large stream of semiconductors coming on site 5, that is Magnum 
Site, which is located in Panoli, whereby we’ll come out with 45 tons per month capabilities 
split it into 3 streams of 15 tons each. And that is going to be online in end of September. That’s 
the target, and that is how we are working towards it. Does this answer your question, Akshay? 
Akshay: 
Yes, sir. But my question was broad-based like in the Material Science segment and Oil and Gas 
segment, what are the other chemicals and what are the other chemistries are we planning to 
develop? And when do we expect these things? I mean, currently, CRAMS and CEM is the 
biggest contributor. So, when do we expect this material science and oil and gas to be a very 
large segment over the next coming years? 
Rohan Desai: 
Akshay, we are already approximately 20% in oil and gas business as of today. Since last two 
years, we have grown from zero to 20% already,and hope to increase this in the years to come. 
We will not be able to tell you the firm timelines on this, but lot of developments and lot of new 
products will be launched in oil and gas and material science divisions in the quarters to come. 
That’s the best answer I can give you at this moment. Please allow us time to sign few contracts 
and then let you know. 

 
 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2026 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Akshay: 
Okay, sir. Okay. Fair enough. And sir, lastly, on the margin profile. Currently, our margin profile 
are 28% to 30% EBITDA margin. So once we commercialize these products in the material 
science and oil and gas also in the semiconductor segment, what are the margins profile from 
these segments? 
Kushal Doshi: 
So, I'll take that. Akshay, we do not give product-specific or industry-specific margins. What we 
can guide you from the company perspective is that we look at consolidated EBITDA margins 
for the CEM business vertical anywhere between 28% and 30%. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Jaspreet Singh, an Individual Investor. 
Japreet Singh: 
Sir, my question is, all those partnerships with world-leading companies we have done in the 
past, world-leading companies are customers of us. My question is, what is driving this 
outcome? What has been done behind, which is unseen? If you can elaborate that? 
Aman Desai: 
I think it’s a story of the entire last 13 years. So but -- yes, it’s basically a focus on core 
competencies of chemistry and technology, it’s focused on differentiated capabilities, a very 
sound and fundamental foundational program of R&D, pilot plant and manufacturing, the 
extensive team that is in place which excels techno-commercially and a lot of hard work and 
some luck as well. So we've only been -- still consider ourselves a startup company. It’s a long 
time to go, a bright future ahead, and we are looking at making the most of it. Thank you. 
Japreet Singh: 
In the last five years, how much we have spent in the backward integration? 
Aman Desai: 
We don’t have such numbers that we publish. Wherever required, especially to reduce China 
dependency, we always backward integrate. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Bhavika Singhvi with Niveshaay. 
Bhavika Singhvi: 
So basically, I want to know from the other customer, which is the Baker Hughes. In the last 
call, you have mentioned that we have few products in our pipeline. So does we have started 
commercialization of those product? And also on the Milliken side, have we added any new 
product for this particular customer? 
Aman Desai: 
So let me try and answer. Thank you for the question. Yes, we're continuously launching new 
products for Baker Hughes. It's a family of products that we go -- we are exclusively partnering 
with them on manufacturing. And so I think from the last call to this call, yes, the answer to that 
question is yes, we have added them. 
 
In terms of Milliken, it is a supply -- a multiyear supply agreement for a single product, which 
is a key strategic pipeline molecule for Milliken that we have launched. And so we have a 
partnership with Milliken that now goes back 9, 10 years across various projects and various 
programs, but the current publicly announced agreement is on one particular product. 
Bhavika Singhvi: 
Can you quantify this? So basically, I wanted to know like in 2 to 3 years, how much we expect 
these 2 customers be like in our top line, like what's the potential revenue from these particular 
2 customers? 

 
 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2026 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Aman Desai: 
Kushal? 
Kushal Doshi: 
Yes. Sorry, we don't give these kind of answers to these questions. So we'll not be able to 
comment on that. 
Bhavika Singhvi: 
Got it. And on the silicon side, I just want to understand as we are right now in the R&D phase. 
So when do we expect that the application testing from the customer will start like by what time 
period we can expect this to be started? 
Aman Desai: 
It's a multiyear research program. And so, you're talking about a few years, until we get into the 
application testing and commercialization and the manufacturing as long as it works out. And 
so, we are still starting off. It's -- as I said earlier, it's an intensive multiyear research program, 
and we are very excited about it. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Divya Kasera with Craving Alpha Wealth Fund. 
Divya Kasera: 
I have two questions. My first question was, you guys mentioned that there was a 22% year-on-
year decline in the LSM volume, and which was reallocated to the CEM vertical. While also you 
guys said that there’s no decline in the LSM demand. Are there any orders that are going 
unserved? And is the margin on the capacity higher or lower now that it’s running as CEM 
production, which is what it earned as LSM? 
Kushal Doshi: 
Yes. So baiscally, the LSM business model, basically, if you see there’s a decline of 22.5% in 
terms of volume. But that’s primarily on the back of us dedicating some of the production lines 
to the CEM business model, which we’ve done in site 3. And we continue to see where the 
opportunities are there for the company, where we can increase the margins on the CEM 
contracts. Having said that, the LSM business model continues to see demand. 
 
We’ve seen pricing improve by 22.5% also on the back of the products which we have. So 
there’s no decline in the demand. It’s just that we are reallocating some of the production lines 
to the CEM business vertical from the LSM. 
Divya Kasera: 
Okay. Then the second question is the Oil and Gas segment. generated revenue around INR1,000 
million this quarter. So, is this driven by Baker Hughes or inaudible 0:57:37] specifically? Or is 
it broad-based across other oil and gas customers? 
 
And also, I wanted to know, is this a recurring demand pattern or a large onetime order? 
Kushal Doshi: 
No. So this is being -- of course, a large part of it is being driven by Baker Hughes, which you 
have seen, which has been scaling up from Q1 of last year, where we started with around INR45 
odd crores. Today, Site 4 is already producing close around INR70 odd crores with clear line of 
sight, which we have for demand for these products. There are other products also, other 
customers whom we are servicing. But right now, Baker Hughes is the biggest customer we have 
on the oil and gas side. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pankaj K, an Individual Investor. 

 
 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2026 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Pankaj K.: 
Congratulations on the strong set of numbers. I’m seeing Aether exchanging the simultaneous 
shift in segment mix, aggressively expanding the capacity. Now there is a potentially landmark 
partnership with Dow. Like how does management ensure these don’t stretch execution 
bandwidth? What could be, like, one or two risks that could genuinely derail your path? 
Aman Desai: 
Yes. Thank you for the question. Yes, we are establishing landmark opportunities and 
partnerships, and it's a continuous progression there. And this is nothing new, right? We've been 
doing this for the last 10 years now, and it's a focused business model. 
 
And so we remain pragmatic in how we approach the expansions and the increased partnerships. 
There is concurrent expansions going on in R&D as well as pilot plant as well as manufacturing 
assets. The manufacturing of assets that we have chosen in Panoli, our Magnum Site 5 is the 
closest chemical zone to Surat, for example. We haven't gone to Dahej or we haven't gone to 
other states. We have remained cognizant in our -- cognizant of our capabilities to expand and 
the limitations of the core team that we have. 
 
And so a lot of -- this is just one example, but there's a lot of other examples where we are fully 
cognizant of the limitations that we have and that of our team and approach these opportunities 
accordingly. The problem -- the potential problems and the challenges I have always maintained 
in the chemical industry is safety. And so that remains the foremost concern of the company, 
safe chemical processes. 
 
And the second one, especially now for companies like us in India is our ability to execute, right? 
And so our ability to continuously deliver innovative solutions to complex problems, our ability 
to put feet on the ground and safely and sustainably and economically run manufacturing plants, 
right? 
And so when we focus on these challenges at the topmost company priority, channeling 
resources, channeling manpower, channeling core team members in a practical manner. And the 
fact that we are techno-commercially led in the promoter family itself, the four of us, helps a lot 
in streamlining these streamlining this vision and streamlining these efforts that the entire 
company makes towards addressing these multiple opportunities. 
And so, decision-making is very rapid and the appetite for is tremendous and so -- but point well 
taken. And -- but rest assured, there are -- this is a strategy that is strongly and well thought out. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for the closing remarks. 
Kushal Doshi: 
Thank you everyone for participating on the call. We hope that we have addressed majority of 
the questions. If you still have any further questions, please feel free to reach out to us. The first 
quarter has started with a solid foundation for this financial year. Stay safe and have a great day 
ahead. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of HDFC Securities, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
