 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
     To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
"Exchange Plaza" 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400051 
 
Scrip Symbol: IRMENERGY 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 544004 
 
Sub: Transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2026 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
  
In continuation to our previous intimations dated July 27, 2026 and August 07, 2026 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the 
Earnings Conference Call held on Friday, August 07, 2026 at 16:30 p.m. (IST) in respect of unaudited 
financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
The same will also be made available on the Company's website at www.irmenergy.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
For, IRM Energy Limited 
 
 
___________________________ 
Akshit Soni 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
 
Akshit 
Nandkishor 
Soni
Digitally signed by 
Akshit Nandkishor Soni 
Date: 2026.08.12 
18:46:19 +05'30'

 
 
IRM Energy Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 07, 2026 
 
 
MANAGEMENT DETAILS: 
Mr. M. K. Sharma, Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Amitabh Banerjee, Executive Director 
Mr. Brajesh Singh, Chief Operating Officer - Operations 
Mr. Ashish Maheshwari, Director - Finance 
Mr. Arun Kumar Saluru, Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Abhinand Pandya, Chief Strategy Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 IRM Energy Limited 
August 07, 2026 
 
2 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Akash, moderator for the conference call. Welcome to IRM 
Energy Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participants will be in listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 on your touch-tone telephone. Please note this conference is 
being recorded.  
I would now like to hand over the floor to Ms. Krishna Patel from EY.  
Krishna Patel  
Thank you, Akash, and good evening, everyone. A warm welcome to all participants joining the Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call of IRM Energy Limited.  
Joining us today from the management team are Mr. M. K. Sharma, the CEO; Mr. Amitabha Banerjee, the 
Executive Director; Mr. Brijesh Singh, COO; Mr. Ashish Maheshwari, Director of Finance; Mr. Arun kumar 
Saluru, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Abhinand Pandya, Chief Corporate Strategy, who will discuss the 
company's operational financial performance for the quarter, address your questions thereon.  
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that certain statements made during this call may constitute 
forward-looking statements. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are 
subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed 
or implied.  
Please note the audio recording transcript of this call are the property of IRM Energy Limited, will not be 
copied, reproduced, rebroadcasted, redistributed in any form without the prior consent of the company. 
With this, I would like to now hand over the call to Mr. M. K. Sharma, the CEO, for his opening remarks. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
M. K. Sharma 
Thank you very much, Krishna, for the introduction, Good evening, everyone. On behalf of the entire IRM 
Energy team, I would like to thank you for joining us today as we discuss the company's performance of 
Q1FY27, our operating progress across the geographical areas and their strategic priorities that will guide 
us through the remaining part of the year and onwards.  
Amidst the geopolitical developments in the Middle East and Asia, which has resulted into elevated energy 
prices and volatility across the global gas market, Brent market.  
We have been also impacted quite a bit. But despite all these challenges, IRM Energy Limited has 
successfully ensured uninterrupted supply across its operating geographical areas through prudent gas 
sourcing and operational agility. As supply conditions gradually normalize   
we remain confident in 

 IRM Energy Limited 
August 07, 2026 
 
3 
 
 
 
our ability to sustain the growth, supported by the strong balance sheet, expanding infrastructure 
network and diversified customer base.  
Despite the challenges during the quarter, I'm happy to share that IRM Energy has delivered highest ever 
quarterly revenue, EBITDA and the profitability. During the quarter, our revenue from operations stood 
at INR 326 crore, registering a growth of 24% YoY and 17% QoQ. EBITDA, excluding other income, 
increased sharply to INR 62 crore, reflecting a growth of 139% YoY, with EBITDA margin expanding to 19% 
of profit after tax, which stood at INR 34 crore, which is up 140% YoY, with PAT margin improving to 10.5%. 
This performance was driven by favorable pricing environment, sustained volume growth, and the 
continued expansion of our infrastructure network across all the 4 GA. Our confidence is in the underlying 
growth opportunity remaining strong, and we continue to target a 20-25% revenue growth CAGR over the 
next five years. An encouraging trend across 4 GAs is growing adoption of CNG vehicle. CNG accounts for 
about 51% of our vehicle sales in Banaskantha and 60% in the Diu & Gir Somnath GA. He was setting this 
all has demonstrated strong market acceptance of our fuel. 
While penetration is lower at 15% in Namakkal & Tiruchirappalli and 6% in Fatehgarh Sahib, these regions 
see substantial headroom for future growth as our network continues to get expanded in those two GAs. 
From an operational perspective, Q1 FY27 was another quarter of steady progress. Our volumes reached 
an all-time high of 50.9 MMSCM, growing 8% YoY. This was primarily driven by CNG volume that grew 
around 22% YoY and strong momentum on CNG commercial volume, which grew 75% YoY. This all has 
contributed 67% of the total volume during the quarter. 
While PNG contributed 33%, PNG industrial volumes were impacted during the quarter following the 
government notification dated 9th March 2026, which resulted in an around 80% of the gas allocation 
amidst supply disruption arising out of the West Asia conflict. This notification was especially only for 
industrial supplies, not impacting CNG and PNG domestic areas or even commercial areas.  
Our network expansion remains on track across all the licensed geographical areas. As on 30th June 2026, 
we operated 153 CNG stations, and 153 stations is a 37% YoY growth in our station, supported by 564 
dispensing points on those locations across our all our 4 GAs. Our CNG station network has grown 
consistently over the years by our franchisees, DODO, OMC and company-operated model.  
We continue to deepen our PNG customer base during this quarter, like domestic PNG customers 
increased to 86,590, to be precise, commercial customers increased to 589 and industrial customers stood 
at 228 numbers. This represents YoY growth of 13% in domestic customers, 36% in commercial customers 
and 5% on industrial customers. The growth in PNG connections demonstrates increasing customer 
acceptance cleaner, safer and more convenient fuel across households, commercial establishments and 
industrial users.  
At a geographical level, our portfolio continues to become more balanced and diversified. While 
Banaskantha remains a strong contributor, accounting for nearly 48% of our Q1 FY27 volume, while DGS 
GA contributed around and Namakal together contributed 20% of the volumes. 

 IRM Energy Limited 
August 07, 2026 
 
4 
 
 
 
This Trichy, Namakkal GA will continue to scale up meaningfully as a newer geographical area as the 
infrastructure rollout is at a very advanced stage. During the quarter, we also made encouraging progress 
on institutional and commercial partnerships.  
In Namakkal, we commenced CNG sales to TNSTC, the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation buses, 
with more than 80 buses currently operational. That way, we have got more orders, and shortly, we will 
be connecting more buses of Namakkal and Trichy. They are going to assure us more than 200 buses in 
near future. Similarly, for Diu, we have successfully converted the entire commercial segment of PNG.  
Now that, we can call Diu as a central territory, both totally LPG-free. There, we have got, all the 
commercial connections connected to PNG now. This has further strengthened our network reflation in 
that region. We also have signed a hookup arrangement with Indian Oil, GAIL, and also with the GSPL 
pipeline, we can call it, in the Diu & Gir Somnath GA, giving us currently we were drawing LNG from Chhara 
Terminal from HPCL LNG. Now, once this step off is connected, we'll be integrated with the national 
network, and we can have the swapping and other arrangements conveniently done.  
We would also like to convey that we have executed MOU with the Somnath government, Sanskrit 
University and Trident Industries for PNG supply and masks and also to their commercial kitchen. Our 
infrastructure development continues with discipline during the quarter.  
We have incurred CapEx of approximately INR 67 crore in three months quarter in FY27 this year, given 
FY27 this year, taking our cumulative CapEx to around INR 1,090 crore in that range. With our total internal 
milestone and planned rollout strategy, we remain committed to investing into the infrastructure going 
forward also that enhances our network reach. It improves the customer accessibility and supports 
sustainable volume growth.  
On IPO front, let me convey that IPO proceeds are being utilized. We have utilized almost INR 337 crores 
out of the total net proceeds of INR 496 crores as on 30th June, 2026. This nearly represents 68% 
utilization. The balance amount is primarily a mark for the development of City Gas Distribution Network 
at Namakkal and Trichy GA. 
I'm also pleased to share that IRM Energy continues to strengthen its professional management team. 
During this quarter, we have reinforced our team and have appointed a seasoned industry leader to the 
key positions, including Director of Finance and Chief Operating Officer, both of whom bring extensive 
experience from leading Indian conglomerates.  
These strategic additions in the top management further enhances our leadership capabilities, strengthen 
our governance and position of the company well to execute in the next phase of our growth continuously 
with a greater scale efficiency and operational excellence.  
Looking ahead, our strategy remains centred on four priorities: 
➢ We like to continue expanding the CNG network in the calibrated manner, aligned with the demand 
potential and station economics.  

 IRM Energy Limited 
August 07, 2026 
 
5 
 
 
 
➢ We also placed to drive deeper PNG penetration across domestic, commercial and industrial 
customers 
➢ Our focus is that all the possible areas in our line of infrastructure is available, they must be connected 
with the help of OMCs getting their LPG connection surrendered so that  PNG drive takes it forward 
meaningfully and effectively..  
➢ We also maintain financial discipline, prudent capital allocation and operational excellence across all 
4 GAs and all the infrastructure are meaningfully decided with the expected returns of higher revenue.  
The long-term fundamentals of the CGD sector remain effective. Natural gas continues to be the most 
important transition fuel of India supported by the policy focused, rising [indiscernible 00:14:20], and 
increasing preference for a cleaner energy solution. It's CNG authorization across geographical areas, 
growing customer base, scalable network, and a strong balance sheet, IRM is well positioned now to 
participate.  
We would like to once again thank everyone of you and would like the moderator to please open the 
forum for question-and-answer session. Thank you very, very much for your patient listening. 
Moderator 
The first question comes from the line of Mr. Kiran Gadge from Knightstone Capital Management LLP. 
Please go ahead, sir.  
Kiran Gadge  
The EBITDA per SCM improved significantly. I wanted to know if there were any one-time items? 
Arun Kumar Saluru  
There were no one-time items. 
Kiran Gadge  
Okay. Because the contribution per SCM improved significantly. That's why I was wondering if it is 
sustainable. 
Arun Kumar Saluru  
This quarter, the revenue has increased , because of our optimization in the pricing as well as we have 
actively optimized our gas sourcing and Opex. There were variable factors in this quarter. All this has led 
to a higher contribution.  
Kiran Gadge  
For the outlook of FY27, can we model this?  
 

 IRM Energy Limited 
August 07, 2026 
 
6 
 
 
 
Arun Kumar Saluru  
Yeah. In FY27, in the next three quarters, we expect EBITDA to be in the line of INR 7-8 per SCM, operating 
EBITDA. Our revenue growth will be around 25%. That's what is we expect. 
Kiran Gadge  
Okay. Thank you.  
Moderator 
Thank you, sir The next question comes from the line of Mr. Nilesh Ghuge from HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead, sir.  
Nilesh Ghuge 
Thanks for giving me the opportunity. A couple of questions from my side. Sir, can you tell us the sourcing 
mix for priority and non-priority sector, APM and HPHT, and then Reliance, GAIL and other?  
Arun Kumar Saluru  
This quarter, if you see the APM and NWG together were about 32%. HPHT was around 35%, and the 
balance was the long-term.  
Nilesh Ghuge 
Long-term includes the Reliance, GAIL and others? 
Arun Kumar Saluru  
Yes, other than Reliance and GAIL. 
Nilesh Ghuge 
Sir, can you share the same number for the last quarter  
Ashish Maheshwari  
First one is Q1 of FY26. Number of APM was 27%. Long-term sourcing was 27%, and HPHT gas was 38%. 
Correspondingly, the long-term, the RLNG is 32%, which has been increased because of the bulk sourcing 
with this long-term partner, and the APM, it will remain within the range of 21-22%. 
Nilesh Ghuge  
You are talking about the Q1FY26, right?  
Ashish Maheshwari  
Compared to Q1FY26, corresponding quarter. 

 IRM Energy Limited 
August 07, 2026 
 
7 
 
 
 
Nilesh Ghuge  
What are the same number for the Q4 FY26? 
Ashish Maheshwari  
APM was around  26%, whereas, as of in Q1, it's around 21%, and the long-term sourcing was 40-32% for 
this quarter. 
Nilesh Ghuge  
As you said that, Mr. Arun mentioned that for next three quarters, the EBITDA per SCM is guiding about 
INR 7-8 per SCM. This quarter, we reported about INR 10. In earlier communication, you mentioned that 
your average EBITDA per SCM will be in the range of INR 5.5-6 per SCM. Indirectly, you are raising that 
number to, let's say, in the range of INR 6-7 rupees per SCM. Is my understanding correct for FY27? 
Ashish Maheshwari  
It will be because of some Opex expenditure, which we are also doing some optimization. If you can see 
the fixed expenditure, where we have  7.15 per SCM, the fixed expenditure, whereas it is only 7.22. One 
of the big contributor for us, for this quarter as well, and that will even continue in the future as well. That 
is also one of the things which can increase this EBITDA per SCM. 
Apart from that, there are some gains in terms of the pricing as well. So, everyone will benefit from this 
pricing. Because of our gas strategy, we could not have too much increase in this gas, but then the price 
sales, it's increased. If it remains continued, then the EBITDA per SCM would be around INR 6-7 very 
minimum. 
*Nilesh Ghuge  
But sir, if I look at this quarter's number, it seems that your CNG contribution has gone up  
significantly higher if I compare last year, this quarter or maybe Q4 also because of the drop in the CNG 
industrial customers.  
The volume there has gone down because of the non-availability, various reasons. And which we believe 
that CNG is the high, you can say, EBITDA contributor in terms of a per-unit volume, whereas the industrial 
commercial, the margins are very narrow. In next quarter or in the subsequent quarter, when your 
industrial commercial volumes will be back on track. Still, you will be confident that you will maintain that 
INR 7-8 rupees per SCM kind of EBITDA per SCM margin? 
M. K. Sharma 
We would be very candid with you. In fact, the sourcing is the key for this good achievement. We can say 
that for industrial, we had two long-term contracts, one is the GSPC, the other is Shell. With these two 
sourcing, the pricing formula we had with the gases. As you can understand, that the spot prices were 
escalating somewhere hovering between USD 16-20, or minimum it was USD 14. So, in this full quarter, 

 IRM Energy Limited 
August 07, 2026 
 
8 
 
 
 
we could enjoy the HPHT rate, and that was around USD 9. You can understand the margin had to be 
good.  
Going forward also, on price, we are maintaining for the sake of industry survival also. Our gross margin 
also had been higher for that reason. Sourcing is one of the, I mean, as it was the thing which has given 
us a better margin in SCM-wise, and going forward also, this HPHT sourcing will continue up to March 
also. One of the supply, it will continue up to 28 January also.  
So, that way, we are confident that our sourcing team will contribute to our margin. Till such time, our 
competitors have not reduced the prices. We will keep the prices at that level only because not only 
competitors, but the alternate fuel prices are also at high level. These are the prime reason that we are 
enjoying a better SCM market. I hope that clarifies you your queries in totality.  
Nilesh Ghuge  
Yes. Thanks, sir. Thanks, Sharma ji. As far as the -- sorry. Go ahead, sir. 
Abhinand Pandya 
Yeah. Nilesh, adding to what Sharma sir, has told, if you look at it, we are in that industry where we are 
not the price maker. We are the price taker. Based on our portfolio, which is clear, the price taker industry 
is able to match up with the price and make margins, and that's what has happened. Thank you.  
Nilesh Ghuge  
Okay. Yeah. Thanks. Sir, just one question. While answering the question, Arun sir mentioned that top-
line growth of 25%. Is it true for FY27?  
Arun Kumar Saluru 
Yes. YoY, it is 24%.  
Nilesh Ghuge 
You are expecting 25% top-line growth in FY27. Is that correct? 
Arun Kumar Saluru 
Yes. This is how it turns out now, this guidance, I'm telling from Q1. But basis this thing, you can take a 
range of around 20% onwards. 20% is the safe use. 
Nilesh Ghuge 
And in that, can you split between volume and value? Is it possible?  
Arun Kumar Saluru 
Volume and value is not possible, but volume-wise, we expect around 10-12%  growth in volume. 

 IRM Energy Limited 
August 07, 2026 
 
9 
 
 
 
Nilesh Ghuge 
Okay. Thank you. That's all from my side.  
Moderator 
 The next question is from the line of Mr. Pavan from RT Capital. Please go ahead, sir. 
Pavan Kumar 
Sir, can you just outline what were the volumes at Namakkal, and what is the volume growth that we are 
expecting this particular year? I am asking for Q1, and what do we expect? What are we targeting for FY27 
as a whole? 
Arun Kumar Saluru 
In Namakkal, we did the 6 MMSCM in Q1. You see YoY, year back, it was 2.84 MMSCM quarter-wise. It is 
more than 3.  
Pavan Kumar 
YoY, what was the growth? 
 
Arun Kumar Saluru 
YoY, it is a 102%. 
Pavan Kumar 
Okay. For FY27, what are we expecting at Namakkal?  
Arun Kumar Saluru 
It will be in the range of 25-30 MMSCM. 
Pavan Kumar 
For the full year?  
Arun Kumar Saluru 
Yes. 
Pavan Kumar 
What was this number for the full year FY26? 
 

 IRM Energy Limited 
August 07, 2026 
 
10 
 
 
 
Arun Kumar Saluru 
For the full year FY26, I will get back with that number.  
Pavan Kumar 
Okay. Also, I just wanted to check if the volumes are going to significantly scale up in Namakkal. Wouldn't 
that impact our EBITDA per SCM margins slightly negatively or am I overrating? 
Arun Kumar Saluru 
EBITDA guidance we have given, so it will be around INR 7 per SCM that you can take, overall  
EBITDA guidance.  
Pavan Kumar 
Overall, okay. Got it. Thank you.  
Arun Kumar Saluru 
FY26 Namakkal and Trichy volume, is 14.2 MMSCM. 
Pavan Kumar 
Okay. We are saying this year, we might end up somewhere between 25 and 30. 
Arun Kumar Saluru 
Yes. 25 and 30. That's the same position. It will be towards the 30 range only. 
Pavan Kumar 
Okay. On Banaskantha, which is our main geography, are we still looking at a double-digit growth in terms 
of volumes?  
Arun Kumar Saluru 
Yes.  
Moderator 
The next question comes from the line of Mr. Abhir Pandit from Old Bridge Mutual Fund. Please go ahead, 
sir.  
Abhir Pandit 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the call. Sir, just had two questions. Primarily, sir, can you just give a bifurcation of the 
sourcing mix? If you have given it earlier, I apologize, but could you just help me on that?  
 

 IRM Energy Limited 
August 07, 2026 
 
11 
 
 
 
Arun Kumar Saluru 
Yes. I will give you the bifurcation. Basically, APM and NWG, it will be around 32% this quarter. HPHT was 
around 35%, and the balance was RLNG and LNG. 
Abhir Pandit 
Fine. If I see your realizations on QoQ basis, as well as on a YoY basis, you have taken a 15% hike on a 
entire company level, right? How was it different across GAs and across the PNG aspect? Could you just 
help on that? Even on the industrial aspect.  
Arun Kumar Saluru 
I can make you understand by that the contribution to the profitability, if I say, Banaskantha will be 46% 
has contributed to the profitability. Fatehgarh Sahib 38%. Diu will be around 8-9%, and Namakkal, Trichy 
around 5%. 
Abhir Pandit 
Okay. Are you saying, basically, that you have taken the entire price hike, or you want to take another 
price hike going ahead, in view of the fact that this gas aspect remains an undecided issue? How are you 
planning on this?  
M. K. Sharma 
In fact, the price hikes are always linked to the sourcing. As of now, since the Brent has also started cooling 
down, we will not pass on and spoil our upcoming market by making another price hike. But at the same 
time, whatever we have been able to take from market, particularly industrial volumes that we will 
continue for some time because, you see, the pricing formula of sourcing is so that it doesn't get reflected 
in the same very month. It is three months average or one month average or something of that sort, or 
average of the dollar-rupee conversion also.  
That way, it is still there for some time. Price hike, you can make it immediate. It's actually immediate. But 
the sourcing, the thing is still somewhere for two months, three months or something like that. Price 
reduction, at least we are not at all in a position. Till such time, we've billed like this.  
Abhir Pandit 
Okay, perfect. My next question is related to what is the amount of CapEx that you are looking at in FY27?  
M. K. Sharma 
FY27, we have plan of INR 150 crore and we don't target more than that. INR 150 crore will be investing 
in NT alone out of the IPO proceed, which we are carrying. For the remaining two in the Diu & Gir Somnath, 
we have got a tap-off from GSPL.  

 IRM Energy Limited 
August 07, 2026 
 
12 
 
 
 
That tap-off will also be one. In BK, we are further reinforcing, making our stations online from the 
daughter booster station, and domestic fronts are opening up also. Another INR 50 crore we have planned 
in BK, INR 50 crore rupees Diu & Gir Somnath, Fatehgarh make it another 50. INR 250 crore of CapEx. 
Abhir Pandit 
Okay, perfect. Okay. Fine. Sir, just on FY27 plan, you currently have increased by almost have 150 CNG 
stations. What would be the plan for FY27? How much would be in Namakkal and Trichy, and how much 
will be in Banaskantha? 
M. K. Sharma 
Banaskantha, actually, is almost, like, saturating. What we have strategized that around 10-15 stations 
only. Last year, we had a good number there. At this time, we let our dealers stabilize and capitalize on 
their volumes. We are not adding much. We will be in the range of 10-15 only in Banaskantha, although 
that is a CNG hub for us.  
The profit builder also is in Banaskantha, but let the dealer also, seek the taste of higher  
volume. In remaining two, Namakkal and Trichy, we are accounting more for COCO location. 
Unfortunately, land prices and other things are discouraging. Mostly collocated with empty, we are going. 
We'll be doing around 15-17 stations this year in Namakkal and Trichy, 5 around in Diu & Gir Somnath and 
only 2 in Fatehgarh. 
Abhir Pandit 
Okay. Fine. Sir, just one more question related to the NGT aspect in Fatehgarh Sahib. Has it been resolved, 
and have volume started kicking in? Or how are you looking at the process there as to when the volumes 
shall ramp up again in Fatehgarh Sahib?  
M. K. Sharma 
This is something which is bothering everybody. What has happened, NGT has given a February order in 
the month of late February. But at the same time, I mean, the war also broke out.  
So, 9th of March, following month only, before things could have taken convictions off, immediately, the 
supply cut started. Actually, we could not take much advantage of the NGT order by enforcing the Punjab 
Government or the PPCB, Punjab Pollution Control Board. Because , we were having sufficient supply of  
80% At the same time, the current government is undergoing election.  
I have hopes that they will be aggressive in implementing the NGT order. But even if they don't do, there 
is a natural growth already happening that side, and we are in a position to add more industries. More 
industries are coming, which are currently at least the impact of NGT order is so that CTE and CTO, the 
Consent to Operate and Consent to Establish is not being granted to any newer industries which are not 
on natural gas. That is an upstarting volume. Once the NGT is fully implemented, we are sure that volume 
will ramp-up, I mean, nicely. 

 IRM Energy Limited 
August 07, 2026 
 
13 
 
 
 
Abhir Pandit 
Okay. Perfect. Thank you, sir. That's all from my side. Thank you.  
Moderator 
The next question comes from the line of Mr. Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and Co. Please go-ahead sir. Mr. 
Saket Kapoor, please go ahead with your question, sir.  
Saket Kapoor  
The sustainable EBITDA margin, if you could just explain to us, what are the key factors that has actually 
contributed to these enhanced margin? Whether those factors are in continuity or there was something 
one-off wherein we have expanded because our EBITDA growth has been several times higher than our 
revenue growth. Is this primarily due to economies of scale? Could you please elaborate on the key factors 
driving this improvement in EBITDA? 
M. K. Sharma 
I can only say you, although you may have missed our clarifications in past questions. But we'd like to say 
that as you said, our sourcing has been responsible for giving us a better gross margin. Of course, our tight 
operating cost management has yielded into this kind of PAT, currently, higher EBITDA per SCM.  
We were just mentioning, the cost of repetition. I would like to say that our sourcing is even for industrial 
volumes. That is tied up long-term contract for five years, up to 2030. We have got this volume done in 
April 25 with GSPC and Shell. With that contractual obligation, we enjoy a restricted price.  
Of course, as per market dynamics and the competitors, we stand in an advantageous position, not only 
in Q1, Q2, Q3 also. Till such time, the prices have stabilized, and we are not forced to reduce the prices 
and industry volume doesn't decline because of the higher price consumption, because of the alternate 
fuel and all such things.  
Our EBITDA per SCM will continue for at least one or two more quarters. In the meanwhile, the NGT orders 
have come that will help us to maintain a higher volume growth in the industrial sector. We assume that 
this year onwards, I mean, this quarter onwards, we should be in a position to give better results QoQ and 
YoY.  
Saket Kapoor  
Okay. To conclude, this EBITDA margin closer to 19% is a good sustainable number for the ensuing 
quarters also. This much understanding we can take home. 
M. K. Sharma 
We hope and pray, but we can't guarantee 19% always. 
 

 IRM Energy Limited 
August 07, 2026 
 
14 
 
 
 
Saket Kapoor  
Not always, but it is in the bank, sir. From 10-19 is a big number. But to maintain it to 19 or 17, 16 is also 
a big number. Only one should invest in a model.  
M. K. Sharma 
The second thing, rest assured that our efforts are on, but 19 may not be a factor going forward, but it 
will be better than 19. Somewhere, we will land in between. Figures are very difficult to say at this 
moment. 
Saket Kapoor  
Okay. Then pertaining to the opportunity at Namakkal and the efforts done, I think so that tie-up with the 
Tamil Nadu bus authority also, what exactly are we eyeing as a contribution from the GA going forward? 
What kind of further CAPEX are anticipated? It will be done for this year? 
M. K. Sharma 
We have mentioned here just now that CAPEX of INR 150 crore plus will be allocated only for Namakal 
and Trichy because infra is at the rollout stage, and we'll be meeting that target actually in Namakkal and 
Trichy that way. With regard to volumes, as you had mentioned that Tamil Nadu State Transport 
Corporation tie-up has happened. Furthermore, another 50-100 buses they are going to convert into CNG, 
but they are buying also. 80% buses are new buses, 30% are retrofitted buses. 
We have opened our dispensing facility in their depot itself. So that then we don't go here and there. We 
have fast-fueling dispensers we have installed. This volume will go on increasing. You understand that 
CNG is a profit builder for any of the CNG company, volume builder also, so that will continue. 
Number two, as regards CAPEX is concerned, CAPEX, will be prerequisite for any future growth. We are 
trying to aggressively invest the IPO money as well as our ploughed-back profit money also in rollout of 
higher infrastructure so that more and more domestic and industrial customers are also attracted towards 
us, besides the CNG stations. That will also help us making many of our CNG station online in place of 
currently we are operating through two model. One is daughter booster model. The second is LNG model. 
Both the models are less profitable than the online station model. Our CAPEX are having multiple aims. 
One is that our operational cost of supplying feeding gas to all the ROs should be lower. Secondly, infra 
will help us in expanding the government's push also for more and more domestic connections and 
commercial because of LPG's crisis. The commercials are also be lining us for connections. That is another 
attractive market, which will help us. Of course, industrial, we have yet to catch many potential industries 
there that side. 
SIPCOT is one area where the industrial city is there, industrial town is there. We are trying to reach that 
so that many more customers are feeded through our natural gas. Namakkal and Trichy is our aspirational 
GA, wherein through CAPEX and our meticulous rollout of the routes, we are trying to build the volume. 

 IRM Energy Limited 
August 07, 2026 
 
15 
 
 
 
It may take one or two year time, but that should be one of the pride GA. That is what we can conclude 
for you. 
Saket Kapoor  
Right. Two small points. Firstly, on the volume growth. Taking into account how we have done performed 
on the volume front and the factors that have led to it, where do we see our volume growing in the 
ensuing part of the financial year?  
Sir, then in your IRM business and financial update, you mentioned about this successfully completed full 
conversion of commercial customer base in Diu to PNG, advancing clean energy penetration across the 
license area. The benefit of this, and how will this be a margin-accretive step? Or if you could explain these 
two points? 
M. K. Sharma 
Though, in view, a small Nagoa beach is there. That beach is having more than around 250 commercial 
installation, hotels, small huts, and the picnic hubs and all that. Now, that Nagoa beach is completely fed 
by our natural gas because of the compulsion, you can say, that LPG was in scarce supply.  
Through the creek, we had already reached that island. Everyone is now connected. By the end of July, 
not a single one will be left, I believe. They are connected, and volume is going to grow replacing entire 
LPG. This is what is the deal story.  
Saket Kapoor  
Okay. What is he monthly revenue run rate? Average one? 
M. K. Sharma 
Overall due? My finance team will precisely tell you, sir.  
Saket Kapoor  
Yes Sir, Could you also share your outlook on volume growth? What are your expectations regarding 
volume expansion going forward, and do you anticipate a meaningful increase in volumes? 
Arun Kumar Saluru 
Volume growth, we expect minimum around 10%. Last year, we clocked 224 MMSCM. We expect that it 
will be in the range of 250 MMSCM by this year end.  
Saket Kapoor  
On the volume. On the sourcing part, we have increasing the number of sources and the dependent part 
so that we have mapped out our sourcing for the remaining part of the year in a meaningful manner. 
 

 IRM Energy Limited 
August 07, 2026 
 
16 
 
 
 
M. K. Sharma 
APM is 21% as you understand. The balance is, as like I said, through New Well Gas 11%. This all makes 
33%. HPHT volume, which we have tied up, that is 35% of our total volume. CBG blending also happens to 
1%, and long term is 32%.  
You can appreciate that on a spot, we are hardly forced to arrange our supplies to the extent of only 1%. 
Almost all is either through IGX or through a preferential allocation APM, HPHT, our portfolio remains very 
much sound enough. 
I mean, Namakkal and Trichy, which is not linked to the national grid, we need to depend heavily upon 
Indian Oil Corporations and no terminal, and slightly to some extent Kerala's Kochi terminal. These two 
terminals are helping us out for feeding our Namakkal and Trichy growth through liquid.  
Because gas tap-off is still not in a high potential. GAIL line is coming in IOCs. One more line is hot tapping, 
I mean, SV station, we have arranged. But all that will take at least one and a half, one year, nine months. 
That' sort of reason is there. Till such time, some spot volume viewed arranged from Indian oil or  
from, BPCL or the PLL, these kind of sources from Kochi. That only will go for spot sort of arrangement or 
short terms, you can call it better. Otherwise, our sourcing portfolio is robust enough to take care of my 
ongoing demand. 
Even the long terms are ramped up in such a manner that, after six months, we have a higher volume tied 
up, and another after six months, volume tied up, which is matching to the growth which we had 
anticipated in 2024-25. Things are not out of hand, and the spot reliability is least. 
Saket Kapoor  
Okay, sir. Thank you for all the elaborate answer. Only through the point of our payment of commission 
to the promoter, there were also some discussion by the minority shareholder and the shareholder 
community of whether we are putting any ceiling or whether the promoters are considering the request 
from shifting from a percentage to an absolute number. Pease do an abreast on how that point is shaping 
up and what are the thought process on the same going ahead. 
M. K. Sharma 
First of all, no commission. This is a license fee which has been arranged, well declared in a IPO document 
also, and that 2% goes to them. It is not sort of profit to any of the promoters, well declared in IPO 
document. That is consistently going. As of now, I can't promise you whether this will continue at a 
reduced rate or same rate or maybe abolished altogether.  
But in spite, with or without this kind of license fee, we are growing that much, as a management, we can 
assure you a lot. We can only say that we are committed to my all investors, stakeholders, shareholder 
for giving better and better performance. This whole year is around INR 20-25 crore which goes to them. 

 IRM Energy Limited 
August 07, 2026 
 
17 
 
 
 
You can discount that, which is already accounted for in my PAT this quarter and going forward also. This 
is already accounted for and discounted for. I should be happy with the PAT at least, tremendous, Saket.  
Saket Kapoor  
Yes, sir. I'm very positively surprised by our numbers. That is  the reason I was trying to incline to get a 
sense whether, on higher base, are we in a position to even match these performance for the ensuing 
part of the year? Because that would be a commendable job to contain these numbers going ahead. Then 
the team has done a remarkable job.  
M. K. Sharma 
Saket, it'll be highly optimistic to say that same performance, as scale up as in Q1, will be repeated every 
quarter. But it will be definitely subdued going forward, not up to this extent.  
Moderator 
Thank you so much, sir. The  
M. K. Sharma 
Thank you very much, Akash. I hope that we have been able to answer more clearly, lucidly, frankly, and 
with full transparency all the questions of the investors. I would like to formally now, based on record, 
thank you all for joining us today and for the active participation in our Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call.  
On behalf of the entire IRM management team, I would like to express my sincere thanks and gratitude 
to all our shareholders, investors, analysts, and business partners for their continued trust and support, 
they have reposed on us time and again. We hope that we have been able to address your key questions 
and provide cleaner perspective on the IRM's performance. Should you have any other further questions, 
please feel free to contact us on our Investor Relations Advisor through our Investor Relations Advisor, 
E&Y, and we will be happy to assist you. 
Rather, we are also quite often trying to interact all of you. In person, I mean, more than happy to give 
any sort of clarification. Thanks, you all. Thanks to Krishna, Akash, EY team for the successful conduct of 
this meeting. Thanks to my team also who has been, shoulder to shoulder working very hard for giving 
better and better results going forward. Thanks a lot to everybody. 
*Moderator 
Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference for today. On behalf  
of EY, we thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines now. Thank you, and have a 
pleasant day. 
 
