 
 
August 06, 2026 
To 
To 
The Secretary 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Trading Symbol: DIVISLAB 
Scrip Code: 532488 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of earnings conference call held on August 01, 2026 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
Regulations, 2015 
 
We hereby submit the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended           
June 30, 2026, held on August 01, 2026, at 14.00 hrs. (IST). The transcript is also available 
on the website of the Company i.e. www.divislabs.com , under the Investors Relations 
section.  
 
This is for your information and records.   
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Divi's Laboratories Limited 
 
 
M. Satish Choudhury 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
SATISH 
CHOUDHURY 
MEKA
Digitally signed by SATISH 
CHOUDHURY MEKA 
Date: 2026.08.06 14:15:43 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
“Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 01, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. KIRAN S. DIVI – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – DIVI’S LABORATORIES 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
MS. NILIMA PRASAD DIVI –WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
(COMMERCIAL) – DIVI’S LABORATORIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
MR. VENKATESA PERUMALLU PASUMARTHY – CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – DIVI’S LABORATORIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
MR. M. SATISH CHOUDHURY – COMPANY SECRETARY 
AND CHIEF INVESTOR RELATIONS OFFICER – DIVI’S 
LABORATORIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
August 01, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Earnings Conference Call of Divi's 
Laboratories Limited for Q1 FY27. As a reminder, all participants will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference has been recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. M. Satish Choudhury. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
M. Satish Choudhury: 
Good afternoon to all of you. I am M. Satish Choudhury, Company Secretary and Chief Investor 
Relations Officer of Divi's Laboratories Limited. I welcome you to the earnings call of the Divi’s 
Laboratories Limited for the first quarter of FY27. 
 
From Divi's Labs, we have with us today, Dr. Kiran S. Divi, Whole-Time Director & CEO; Ms. 
Nilima Prasad Divi, Whole-Time Director (Commercial); and Mr. Venkatesa Perumallu 
Pasumarthy, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
During the day, our Board has approved unaudited financial results for the quarter ended June 
30, 2026, and we have released the same to the stock exchanges as well as updated in our 
website. Please note that this conference call is being recorded, and a transcript of the same will 
be made available on the website of the Company. 
 
Please also note that the audio of the con-call is copyright material of Divi’s Laboratories 
Limited and cannot be copied, rebroadcasted or attributed in press or media without specific and 
written consent. 
 
Let me draw your attention to the fact that on this call, our discussion will include certain 
forward-looking statements, which are predictions, projections or other estimates about future 
events. These estimates reflect management's current expectations of the future performance of 
the Company. 
 
Please note that these estimates involve several risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual 
results to differ materially from what is expressed or implied. Divi's Labs or its officials does 
not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a 
result of future events or otherwise. 
 
Now I hand over the conference to Dr. Kiran Divi for opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to the Divi’s Laboratories earnings call for the first 
quarter of the financial year 2026-27. Thank you for joining us today. I will begin with an update 
on the business and the key operational developments during the quarter. Our focus continues 
to be on execution, manufacturing reliability, disciplined capital deployment and strengthening 
the capabilities required to support long-term customer programmes. 
 
Beginning with our Generic business, volumes remained stable during the quarter, while pricing 
continues to reflect competitive market conditions across products and geographies. Overall, the 

 
 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
August 01, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
business remained resilient based on our ability to manufacture certain key starting materials 
and intermediates in-house which continues to strengthen our supply assurance and operational 
efficiency. 
 
This year also marks 20 years of Divi’s in the nutraceutical segment - a journey that began with 
just two products has grown into a portfolio of over 100 offerings across human health, animal 
health and dietary supplements in multiple forms today. As we look ahead, we are actively 
expanding in both capabilities and capacities to meet the demand of a rapidly evolving global 
market.  
 
Within Custom Synthesis, projects actively continued across all diverse portfolio of customer 
programmes covering multiple therapeutic areas and stages of development. We are supporting 
customers across clinical development, validation and commercial supply preparations, with 
manufacturing activities are aligned to individual regulatory and filing requirements. Likewise, 
the three major capex programmes are nearing completion and validations are going on. As our 
projects progress, we remain focused on timely execution while continuing to build the 
infrastructure and technical capabilities required to support future commercial requirements. 
 
Peptides remain a strategic area of investment for the Company. Customer programmes continue 
to progress across multiple phases of development during the quarter, while qualification and 
validation activities for several peptides fragments are expected to advance over the coming 
quarters. Alongside capacity expansion in both solid-phase and liquid-phase peptide synthesis, 
we continue to strengthen the process development, analytical and manufacturing capabilities 
required for increasingly complex peptide chemistry. Our objective is to establish a scalable and 
reliable manufacturing platform capable of supporting a broad range of customer requirements 
while maintaining the highest standard of quality, compliance and operational excellence. 
 
On the manufacturing front, Unit 3 continues to assume a large role within our production 
network. The facility is supporting our backward integration strategy through selected pre-
chemistry operations, while enabling the phased transfer of manufacturing activities from our 
existing facilities. This enhances supply assurance for critical intermediaries, improving network 
flexibility and supports more efficient capacity utilization across our manufacturing operations. 
The transfer programme continues to be executed in line with qualification timelines, customer 
commitments, product demand and overall manufacturing planning. 
 
Technology development also remains an important area of execution during the quarter. 
Progress continues across initiatives involving continuous flow chemistry, biocatalysis and 
advanced automation within the manufacturing operations. These technologies are contributing 
to improved process safety enhanced product producibility, reduce process variability and more 
sustainable manufacturing routes for complex chemistries. 
 
We also continue to implement process intensification initiatives across selected products to 
improve productivity and support efficient commercial scale manufacturing. Across our 
manufacturing network, ongoing investments in green chemistry, energy efficiency and 
continued process improvement remain an integral part of our long-term operational strategy. 

 
 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
August 01, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Collectively, these initiatives strengthen our technical capabilities and enhance our ability to 
develop and deliver increasingly complex project with consistency and reliability. 
 
Beyond our business operations, we remain committed to create long-term social value through 
focused community development activities. During the year 2026, our CSR programs reached 
more than 1.8 million beneficiaries across the states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana through 
initiatives in health care, education, livelihood development and community welfare. These 
programmes remain an integral part of our long-term approach to be a responsible and 
sustainable growth. 
 
Thank you. I will now hand over the call to Ms. Nilima Divi, who will present the operational 
and financial highlights of the quarter. 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Divi's Laboratories earnings call for the first quarter 
FY 2026-27. Thank you for joining us today and for your continued confidence in the Company. 
Before reviewing the financial performance of the quarter, I would like to provide an update on 
the operating environment and measures we have taken to maintain supply continuity, execution 
discipline and operational reliability across our business. 
 
As discussed during our previous earnings call, the external operating environment remained 
challenging during the quarter, particularly across global trade routes and sourcing channels 
linked to West Asia. Raw material availability remained largely stable, although input cost 
trends continue to vary across categories. While prices of certain raw materials moderated during 
the quarter, solvent costs remain elevated for a significant part of the period. We continue to 
engage closely with the customers to evaluate commercially appropriate mechanisms to mitigate 
these costs wherever feasible. 
 
At the same time, the evolving geopolitical situation in West Asia has introduced additional 
uncertainty into global supply chain. Accordingly, we continue to monitor development closely 
and calibrate our procurement strategies, sourcing plans and inventory positioning in line with 
changing market conditions. 
 
Maintaining supply continuity remains one of our key operational priorities. During the quarter, 
we continued to maintain strategic inventory buffer where appropriate to improve material 
availability and mitigate the risk of supply disruption. Our procurement, manufacturing and 
logistics team remained closely integrated, particularly for time-sensitive materials such as 
solvents, where storage flexibility is inherently limited. Material availability continues to be 
reviewed at frequent intervals, with procurement decisions aligned to production schedules, 
customer commitments and lead time assessment. We also maintained regular engagement with 
customers to ensure production planning and delivery schedules remain well coordinated as 
market conditions evolve. 
 
Efforts made over the past several years to strengthen procurement resilience, diversify our 
global supplier base and expand domestic sourcing capabilities have continued to support 
manufacturing continuity across our network. These initiatives, together with our backward 
integration programmes, have enhanced supply assurance for several critical raw materials and 

 
 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
August 01, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
intermediates while reducing dependence on individual sourcing channels. This integrated 
approach continues to strengthen the resilience of our manufacturing operations and supports 
our ability to consistently meet customer commitments.  
 
Global logistic conditions also remained challenging throughout the quarter. Freight rates across 
both ocean and air transportation remained elevated while the availability of containers and ISO 
tanks continued to require careful planning and coordination. International supply chain 
experienced congestion at several ports, tighter vessel allocation, cargo rollover, blank sailing 
and extended transit times, all of which increased operational complexities across export 
logistics. Despite these conditions, we continued to work closely with our logistics partners to 
ensure reliable execution of shipment schedule.  
 
While near-term external conditions remain uncertain, we remain committed to investing in 
manufacturing capabilities, supply chain resilience and enabling infrastructure to strengthen our 
long-term competitiveness. We believe these investments, together with our integrated 
manufacturing model and disciplined approach to execution position the Company well to 
support future customer requirements and create sustainable long-term value.  
 
With that, I will now take you through the Company's financial performance for the quarter 
ended June 30 2026. For the first quarter of FY 2026-27, the Company reported a consolidated 
total income of ₹3,144 crores compared to ₹2,529 crores in the corresponding quarter of previous 
financial year. 
 
Profit before tax increased to ₹1,180 crores compared to ₹733 crores in the corresponding quarter 
of last year, while profit after tax stood at ₹902 crores compared with ₹545 crores in the same 
period of previous year. 
 
On a standalone basis, the total income of the quarter was ₹3,037 crores compared with ₹2,476 
crores in the corresponding quarter of previous financial year. Profit before tax increased to 
₹1,165 crores from ₹747 crores, while profit after tax increased to ₹891 crores from ₹557 crores. 
 
On a constant currency basis, the standalone revenue recorded a growth of 10% during the 
quarter. Exports continued to account for approximately 90% of the standalone revenue. Europe 
and North America accounted for 75% of our exports. The business mix for the quarter reflected 
Custom Synthesis contributing 60% of the revenue and Generics accounting for 40%, 
respectively. 
 
Net material consumption for the quarter was 31.2% of the revenue from operations on a 
standalone basis, reflecting the continued benefits of our integrated manufacturing model and 
product mix. 
 
During the quarter, the forex movements resulted in a net forex loss of ₹7 crores compared with 
a net gain of ₹39 crores in the corresponding quarter of the previous financial year. Our global 
nutraceutical business reported a revenue of ₹298 crores compared with ₹250 crores in the 
corresponding quarter of last year. During the quarter, the Company capitalized assets 

 
 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
August 01, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
amounting to ₹451 crores, while capital work in progress stood at ₹2,034 crores as of June 30, 
2026, reflecting the continuous progress of our ongoing expansion projects. 
 
As of the end of the quarter, cash and cash equivalents stood at ₹3,611 crores, trade receivables 
were ₹3,056 crores and inventory stood at ₹4,413 crores. Thank you. 
M. Satish Choudhury: 
Thank you, Madam. With this, we would request the moderator to open the lines for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and- answer session. 
First question comes from the line of Kunal Dhamesha with Macquarie. 
Kunal Dhamesh: 
Congratulations on a very good set of numbers. The first one on the significant uptick in the 
custom synthesis business. I believe that the initial commentary alluded that it still doesn't have 
a component coming from the dedicated capex project. Is that the correct understanding? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
It is hard to define that because like I said, we are undergoing validation of some of the capex 
projects. So a certain amount of product has also been shipped to the customer. And there are 
multiple projects on the line at this point, yes. 
Kunal Dhamesh: 
Okay. So then just from an understanding perspective, sir, between the -- let's say validation 
quantity to the capex that we have done. What's the usual ramp-up in terms of the quantities we 
can see? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
So once the validations are done, we will have to send the material to our customers, where they 
have to do their own further qualifications, get it into their formulations and then the agencies, 
different agencies have to approve. Only after that, we would then start commercial quantities. 
It's difficult for us to mention the quantities or the amounts because we are bound by CDAs at 
this point. 
Kunal Dhamesh: 
But sir, anything from history, let's say, can you share that from whatever validation quantity 
and commercial quantities are generally in this range? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Can you repeat the first question again, please? . 
Kunal Dhamesh: 
From the history, can you share some broader range as to, let's say, if you sent x quantity for 
validation, then the commercial quantity when the project ramps up, are in the range of, let's say, 
5 x to 10x or 5x to 15, just your historical experience? . 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Okay. So to answer that, right? It depends on the product that we are manufacturing. Some 
products, the annual demand is not more than 1,000 kgs. Some products we manufacture are 
5,000 to 6,000 tonnes. 
 
So very difficult for me to answer this question. It totally depends on the product. Some products 
go at microgram dosing for the customer -- for the end patient population. So it's a very broad 
statement you've asked. I cannot generalize this statement. 

 
 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
August 01, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Kunal Dhamesh: 
But sir, we have dedicated capex, right? So we would know like what's the total quantity we can 
produce to that extent now. 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Can you repeat that again, please? 
Kunal Dhamesh: 
For dedicated capex projects, we know what capacities we have put up, right? So then is it not 
fairly -- can you not provide some range as to what's the maximum capacity you can reach within 
those dedicated projects from what you supplied to, let's say, validation stages? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Like I said in my first statement, right? We are going by CDAs on the quantities and how much 
we'll be supplying, the product name and everything. I wish to share more, but I'm bound by 
CDAs not to share. All I can say is the validations have been completed, and we would be going 
commercial as and when the qualifications with the agencies are completed. The quantities, how 
much we have order book value, other topics, I'm not at the liberty to discuss. 
Kunal Dhamesh: 
Sure, sir. Second question is on the peptide modality. And you also talked in your initial remark. 
So when you consider your backward integration into peptide building blocks and amino acids, 
the years of experience and the capacities that you have put up till now. If you consider all these 
factors and then look at the overall global peptide landscape and then the number of players that 
are there which most of us are aware. Where -- how many global CDMOs do you think can 
actually compete with all the advantages you have, like you in terms of cost and supply reliability 
for the next 3 to 4 years? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
See, I cannot talk about other manufacturers, right? It's not right. But what I can talk about is 
Divi's is in a unique situation because I think we are the only ones who start from basic raw 
materials, build our own peptide building blocks, okay. Then we have protected amino acid. We 
do dipeptide, tripeptides. We have gone into fragments, okay. 
 
So we have a complete chain of backward integration, which gives us a much more better 
opportunity compared to others. So I can only talk about why Divi's is different. It's not fair of 
me to talk about how I will be more competitive than others. I mean we have seen amazing 
opportunities in the fragment segment and several opportunities. 
 
So I mean, a lot of them are in pipeline. Some of them are in clinical phases. Some are going 
through validations right now. So as we speak, there are good opportunities in this line. That's 
why we're even -- in my speech, I mentioned, we're again expanding our capacity by acquiring 
a few more 3,000-liter SPPS. 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt you, Kunal, you may please rejoin for more questions. We have a lot of 
participants. Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Surya Narayan Patra with Phillip 
Capital. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Congrats for great set of numbers. My first question is about the dedicated project again. So 
before we start commercial supply of this any time in the later part of the current financial year, 
so what are the key milestones that we should be seeing, sir, whether any regulatory approval 

 
 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
August 01, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
would be a kind of a key monitorable here or being these are like intermediate, FDA inspection 
and clearance that would not be a required aspect here? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
See, all I can say is I'm a part of the innovator CMC filing. So I do not know -- it is, of course, 
it will definitely require regulatory clearances. It's not a raw material or a basic material. So will 
FDA come for an inspection? Will FDA not come for an inspection? Will the agency agree and 
take the file in and say you can start buying from Divi's, I do not -- I cannot answer for the 
agency. 
 
But what I can say is we are completely ready for all regulatory submissions. We are ready for 
inspection anytime if there is an inspection. And as the validations go through, all the data goes 
through, once the customer files, we'll have more clarity on an assumption of timeline. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Sure, sir. My second question is about the kind of margin trajectory that we might see going 
ahead because in the opening remarks, as ma'am indicated that the market environment 
remaining difficult only in terms of sourcing raw material that you will take procuring trade 
challenges and all that. 
 
But thanks to the kind of INR depreciation, what we have seen significant this quarter, we have 
surprised significantly in terms of the margin front. So given this tailwind that we have already 
witnessed, so can you talk something about your margin trajectory, what -- if not on the number 
front, at least qualitatively going ahead in the current financial year? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Currently, I would say that we did have quite a bit of increase in our raw material costs on 
various fronts. Mainly we saw it on the solvent side, which we never saw before. And a few of 
the materials which we have sourced, which have dependent on those kind of solvents as well. 
And compared to Q4, Q1 did have a forex loss as well. 
 
But if I have to say like margin-wise, I would -- as we always historically said, let's not look at 
it on an individual quarter basis. Rather, we look at it on a year basis, where sometimes there's 
a lumpiness in one quarter and there is not so much of a custom synthesis business, but more of 
a generic business in another quarter. 
 
Considering this quarter, we did have more of custom synthesis, which is 60%. We do see the 
margins slightly higher than the previous quarter. But again, as we always said, there is 
lumpiness. We always look at year-on-year basis rather than just a quarter. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Sure, ma'am. Just one aspect from my last point here. I wanted to check about the generic 
portfolio, we have been talking about entering into the new product post patent expiry 
opportunities. So anything that we would have added recently into our portfolio, if you can talk 
something about either number of products or the name of any specific that you would have 
recently entered into? Anything on that front would be helpful, sir. 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
So in the last few years, as we have been validating and then we have filed about 4 DMF so far 
with various customers. And these are right now, we have supplied validation quantities to them 
and they're undergoing qualifications as we speak. 

 
 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
August 01, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
 
One of them actually is trying to look at having exclusivity with us long term. So right now, that 
negotiation is going on. And other than that, products like I could mention 1 or 2 like we 
Brivaracetam, Ticagrelor which we have filed, multiple customers are qualifying us as we speak. 
And once the qualification is done, we are expecting in the next 3 to 6 months, only commercial 
volumes will move out. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Damayanti Kerai with HSBC Bank. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
My question is actually on your cost, especially on the change in inventory, where for the June 
quarter, the number which we are seeing is substantially larger than what we saw in the previous 
quarter as well as for the full year of March. So when we look at number change in inventory is 
around ₹500 crores compared to, say, ₹50 crores to ₹100 crores kind of number, which we saw 
for the previous period. 
 
So can you help us understand what has basically led to this large swing and whether we see any 
reversal or normalization in coming quarters? Because I understand this is a major factor which 
led to substantial difference at the gross profit level. 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Yes. So what you -- like the increase on the stock is mainly, I would say, from 2 points. One, as 
you are aware, we -- in the last meeting as well, I have mentioned that we are stocking the 
material to make sure that we wouldn't have any production stoppage or a production loss. So 
we are currently stocking it on a 3 monthly basis. Like any given point of day for the next 3 
months, are we secured for our production. 
 
And these we are securing at a higher cost to make sure there is no production stoppage and 
there is no shipments that are delayed to our customers. And secondly, as Kiran has mentioned, 
some of our projects, new capex projects have gone into validation batches. And even those 
materials are being reflected in this. So it's a combination of both that you have seen the increase 
in the stocks. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Sure, ma'am. That's helpful. So to secure your supply, as you mentioned, you are doing on a 3-
month rolling forward basis. So till the time uncertainty continues in the broader macro market, 
similar strategy will continue, right? You will stock up the 3-month rolling basis to secure your 
supplies. That should be the ongoing trend. 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
That's something that we have consciously taken a decision that would be like, I think, around 
March is the time when we decided we would be doing the rolling 3 months, and we would 
secure the material, and that's why we never had a production loss or a shipment stoppage in the 
last few months. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. That's helpful. My last question is on your statement on importance of Unit 3 in your 
entire supply chain. So as we discussed previously also, should we assume the key role which 
Unit-3 will play is to free up capacity for Unit-1 and Unit-2 by helping you more on the KSM 
and intermediate part? And we will unlikely see any commercial supplies till the time it's 
approved by key regulators. Will that be the case? 

 
 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
August 01, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
So Kakinada right now is playing a key role by doing our backward integrated work because we 
have several projects online, either with innovators or in-house generic molecules where we 
need additional capacity and quickly to enhance and utilize existing regulatory approved plant, 
we are moving a certain amount of chemistry, pre-chemistry works to Kakinada. 
 
But the eventual long-term plan is to qualify Kakinada with all regulatory clearances and start 
qualifying that plant too. But every regulatory clearance also takes time even after you validate 
a certain new project, FDA will take its own time, 1 or 2 years since it’s a new place, and then 
they will qualify it. In the meantime, we are filling the plant with pre-chemistry products. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
And what is the utilization level at your Unit-1 and Unit-2 plant? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Around 85%, I would say, across all the 3 units. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Shyam Srinivasan with Goldman Sachs. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
I don't think in the call, you had given the nutraceutical absolute number. You typically give 
that. Can you call that out? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
It is ₹298 crores this quarter. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
About ₹300 crores. So it was ₹250 crores last year same time and maybe ₹240 crores in Q4. 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Yes, that is right. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Yes. So when I then back out the generic business, we still have probably single-digit kind of a 
growth or maybe flattish growth. When I look at the industry data, ma'am, I'm now starting to 
see at least in the month of June, pricing for generics, API exports overall, I'm talking about, is 
starting to see positive inflection, right? It's now 7 or 8 kind of a growth. I'm doing a very 
rudimentary way, as you can imagine, what is available. 
 
Are you seeing any signs that generic pricing is -- maybe 1 month is not the right extrapolation 
you need to do, but are you seeing any signs that we are at the end of a long generic pricing 
pressure cycle? And even from a China perspective, are you seeing some of your… 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Yes, coming to the generic pricing, right? So you have to understand two things. One, there is a 
substantial increase in raw material cost itself. I mean where solvents have become almost 
double or triple the price. Certain solvent-based raw materials have increased substantially 
because of the issue in the Middle East. Because of this, the direct pass on is also being shared 
to the end customers by most of the generic houses. 
 
This is the increase you are seeing in the pricing factors are going on. Even we have increased 
our price slightly wherever possible with our customers because otherwise the products become 
unviable to even produce. So whatever you're seeing right now is a market correction based on 
the raw material prices that have taken a substantial hit. It's not based on the markets have 
corrected and the pricing pressure has gone down. 

 
 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
August 01, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Got it. Any quantification of what is the solvent-led pricing change or adjustments that we have 
taken? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
I mean that would be very difficult, right, because we manufacture close to 60 products now. I 
cannot generalize that statement. I have to go -- usually, our calculations are product-to-product 
basis because every product uses a different solvent, some are water-based, some are heavily 
solvent based. If you take a peptide, it's almost like use about 2,000 liters per 1 kilo. It's hard for 
me to answer that question. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Just on the second question on Custom Synthesis, strong growth this quarter, 60% of total 
revenue. How should we look at the remainder of the year? Is this going to be -- is there an 
element of lumpiness in Q1 that you would kind of ask us to be less optimistic about and talk 
about full year where if I remember in end of quarter 4, we had given like a double digit, maybe 
I'm extrapolating, 10% dollar revenue growth. for us. Do you think there are upside to that 
following how Q1 panned out? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
I would like to stick to my statement saying that we will show double-digit growth no matter 
what. Lumpiness, I cannot -- see, everything depends on -- after these validations are done, how 
the regulatory approvals will take place. Will it go really fast, whether the agencies will fast 
track these drugs and the approval process. I mean there are a lot of ifs in these situation, right? 
So it's hard for me to say, will it be 60-40 in the coming month or 2? Will it be 50-50? I would 
like a healthy mix always. But for now, I would like -- I would say that we would assure a 
double-digit growth for sure. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Tushar Manudhane with Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Congrats on good numbers. So just on these new projects which have gone into validation, are 
there any further validation batches which are going to come in the subsequent -- like in FY27? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
So we have -- like I explained, right? Apart from these 3 projects, we have several other projects 
which are in different stages in different stages of our pipeline, either they're in clinical studies 
at our customers, they are producing small volumes. Some of them are on pre-validations. Some 
of them are undergoing validations. They may not require large investments. We may also use 
our existing facilities we have. So I cannot -- we do have several projects which are coming up 
in the next quarters, which will require validations as we go forward. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
But like if I have to quantify the -- without going into projects specific detail, the revenues of 
those validation batches are they sort of in size similar to what you have done in Q1 FY27? 
Would that be able to... 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Could you repeat your question? It's not clear, please? 
Tushar Manudhane: 
I'm asking the size of the revenue which these validation batches will have generated in 1Q 
FY27. The subsequent projects, at least in the near term, would that be of similar size? 

 
 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
August 01, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
See, it's difficult to say that because price is different for each product, and it's not like one size 
fits all. It differs for every product, different prices, different costing, different, what do you say, 
chemistry capabilities that would require. 
 
But I would say, overall, as an organization, we always look at a double-digit growth. That's 
how our revenue model is being built. And healthily, we would want a good product mix wherein 
we don't have heaviness of one product or one customer or one supply chain. So that's where we 
are at. We would say, if you want to look at a revenue projection, we are looking at double-digit 
growth. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Secondly, the 3 major capex, if you just sort of refresh in terms of the total amount that you have 
spent on this capex? Combined... 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Your voice is not very clear. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
I'm asking three major projects, three major capex which are towards completion. How much 
overall we would have spent on this? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Yes. you can say we are almost there around 70%, here and there, depending on which project 
it is. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So amount, ma'am, if you can -- this 70% what number is in absolute... 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
So that's about, I would say, one that we declared to the stock market earlier was the 3 projects 
together about, if I remember correctly, ₹2,000 crores. So I would say 70% of that has been 
capitalized so far. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Agrawal from Citigroup. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
In this quarter, have you made any commercial quantities -- supply of commercial quantities of 
any GLP-1 program? Or is it just a pickup in the existing small molecule or any new small 
molecule products that where the commercial supplies have been? Just want to understand what 
has driven the growth in the consumption GLP-1? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
See, I cannot answer that question if you ask me about GLP-1s or small molecules. I can just tell 
you that we have done -- we have gone through validations of the 3 large projects we have done 
and several other projects are on the pipeline. Right now, peptide is one of our key portfolio that 
we are growing strongly. We have several fragments which are being validated, supplied and 
also several fragments are in the line of being validated. We're also expanding our capacity by 
installing several multiple 3,000 liter SPPSs because we see a lot of future opportunity. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Understood, sir, in peptides, again, as you have highlighted that you are installing multiple 3,000 
liter SPPS lines. And in one of the previous calls, you stated that an ambition to be one of the 
largest player globally. So what exactly does that signify? Are you aspiring to reach a scale 
comparable to the current largest player? Or are you looking to establish yourself on other 
leading player given that the largest incumbent is significantly bigger. 

 
 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
August 01, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
See, based on our statement, what we said in the past, and we stick by the statement saying that 
we want to be the largest integrated player. When we say integrated, we are backward integrated 
from basic raw materials from making protected amino acids. We do our own resins. We 
manufacture our own FMOC, BOC-protected amino acids, okay, tags. So with all these being 
manufactured in-house, we have an advantage on supply, which gives us a stronger and faster 
approach to deliver product. 
 
That is -- and this gives us a competitive edge along with others in the global market. I do not 
want to comment about why I'm different than others, that is not right. But what we can say is 
we are always -- we do not compete with our customers. We are actually playing a 
complementary role. That's why our customers like us. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Understood. And then is it possible for you to quantify the overall capacity in that activities that 
you focus upon? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
You weren't audible towards the end. Can you please repeat that question again? 
Vivek Agrawal: 
No problem, thank you. That’s all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Neha M from Bank of America. 
Neha M: 
On the solvent pricing that you mentioned, how are the trends right now? Have they softened 
after what we've seen in the first quarter levels? Are you seeing some normalization in cost as 
yet? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Well, as of now, I would say we see a few weeks of flat trend and then again, suddenly, we see 
a rise in, it all depends on the situation that's happening in the Middle East. I mean you are seeing 
the news every day. It's a different news and the news does affect the supply and it does affect 
the pricing. So -- and it is not something in our hands, because it is -- it comes in bulk and affects 
the entire country the same way. 
Neha M: 
And Nilima, would it be fair to assume that we haven't seen any issues in being able to meet our 
supply commitments because of solvent not being available. So pricing is the only issue at the 
moment, right? That would be a fair assumption? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
I wouldn't say that the supply is easily available every day. I would say this that we were 
proactive in securing the material 3 months in advance rather than procuring it just in time. The 
organization always went towards procuring material just in time and making sure there is no 
overstocking of material. But in the last few months, we decided we would go for a 3-month 
rolling inventory stocking, just to make sure that there is -- like suppose there is no shipment 
coming in, my production doesn't stop in the factory. 
Neha M: 
Understood. And sir, Unit-3, what is the utilization level it is at currently in case we provide that 
detail. 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
I cannot comment unit by unit because each unit is quite different. But I would say across all the 
3 units, it is about 80% to 85% utilization. 

 
 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
August 01, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Neha M: 
Understood. And last question, there is no inventory gains that we have in this quarter, right? 
There's no inventory gain that is recorded in the gross margin line. 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Can you repeat that question again? 
Neha M: 
Is there any inventory gain that we have recorded in this quarter? Would there be any inventory 
gains at all in the quarter? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
No, that's not the case. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Bino Pathiparampil with Elara Capital. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Just a follow-up question on margins. To an earlier question, you said that you look at margins 
on a year-on-year basis and not quarterly because of the lumpiness. So would you give some 
idea about how the full year margins can be compared to last year? Is it significantly better or 
so at the gross level and EBITDA level? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
At gross level, I would say it was approximately 60% all over the year. And frankly speaking, if 
I'm looking at EBITDA margin, it would be the similar as last year. But my -- as we normally 
say, we are -- the growth that we see will always be a double-digit growth, and it won't -- we 
would say like don't look at it at this quarter and say gross margin is so much. 
 
So this is what is going to be for the rest of the year. It's going to be close to 68% this quarter 
approximately. But I would not look at that as something consistent throughout the year. I would 
say there would be lumpiness. Next quarter could be lower or higher is something that we need 
to wait and see. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Understood. So if I got your answer correctly, this year's gross margin would be comparable or 
slightly better than last year. 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
So to answer this question, right? Everything depends on once we finish the validation, how the 
validation is ongoing right now. If the approvals come faster, then things will change. The ratio 
will be higher in terms of CS because commercial volumes will start moving. So all this is 
subjected to all regulatory approvals. 
 
So we would just like to stick to the double digits. And as and when things change quarter-on-
quarter and the moment we know something is happening, we will definitely inform. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Saurabh Banik with Divas Consultants. 
Saurabh Banik: 
I'd like to know a few things about the Contrast Media, like what is the status as on today, the 
Iodine and Gadolinium. And how we actually think this one for FY27? So if you just put a few 
colors on it, so that would be too much helpful. 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
So on the Iodine-based contrast media, we are in the process of signing long-term contracts with 
2 of the customers. And this will be for multiple years. And commercialization has for one of 

 
 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
August 01, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
them has already started. The second one, we will start in the next few months. And this will be 
substantial quantities going forward. 
 
Coming to Gadolinium, like I told you, we are still working on a clinical phase project. As and 
when we see the customer sees light with it, we will also start moving on that segment. 
Saurabh Banik: 
Okay. So sir, in our last con call, you have discussed that the Gadolinium is in pre-commercial 
and qualification stage. So as of today, I mean, in this quarter, can we say that pre-commercial 
is done and the qualification stage is completed? Or if you can give us any guidelines so when 
this will be totally completed? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Just one second, please. See, what I've told you is the Gadolinium compounds, we are still at the 
qualification stage, which is in Phase II and Phase III. That's what I said last time. I didn't say 
that we did validations. So we are tagging along with the customer. 
 
And as and when they get approval for the next phase, we will again start seeing further. Right 
now, the project is on slow phase with them on the Gadolinium side. That's why still we are 
waiting for -- they're waiting for regulatory approvals, and we are waiting. Once they get their 
approval, then it will be clinical Phase III. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Tirumala Reddy, an individual investor. 
Tirumala Reddy: 
So will it be possible to give a split between phase-wise molecules in the Custom Synthesis? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
The Custom Synthesis, we are bound by the confidentiality agreement. So we cannot talk about 
the quantities or the volumes or the values in the call. 
Tirumala Reddy: 
No, no. I'm not asking about any quantities or volumes. It is just a number of projects in each 
phase, like Phase II, Phase III, commercial. So -- what's the breakup between... 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
We have done -- right now, we have several projects in the pipeline. That's all I can answer. And 
also close to about 18 to 20 projects are actually commercialized or being commercialized as we 
speak. So we have a healthy pipeline along with projects which are already in the portfolio. 
Tirumala Reddy: 
And then my next question is about competitive landscape. So in India, there are a lot of 
companies are starting CDMO segment and they are consolidating into CDMO. But do you see 
any margin pressure in CDMO segment going forward? Or is there any indication from 
customers who are negotiating hard on pricing? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
See, I cannot answer about why other -- how others are joining in. But what I can say, Divi’s 
has a track record. I mean we are close to, I would say, 30-year-old company who has been in 
CDMO. We are one of the first CDMOs in India. And we come with a lot of reputation. 
 
Customers trust us over a period of several deliverables we have given, okay? And where we 
have been in the critical process where we have handheld them, we have supported them. So 
customers value us for who we are, and we come with a history. So we have a lot of -- it's not 
about pricing. It's not the only thing innovators look at. They look at sustainability, they look at 

 
 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
August 01, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
safety issues. They look at your EHS capabilities, your effluent management system, your 
employee health care system. They look at all the aspects if they ever want to work with a 
particular customer. And Divi’s always meets all their requirements. That's why most of them 
come to us, they give us opportunities and they work with us. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Dhawal Khut with Jefferies. 
Dhawal Khut: 
I wanted to know what is the growth in our top five product, let's say, in constant currency as 
well as in INR terms for this quarter overall as a company? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
We don't disclose product-wise information. 
Dhawal Khut: 
Okay. And secondly, whatever validation products that we have supplied in the first quarter, 
how many end market molecules do they belong to? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
That is -- so right now, like I explained, right, we have done validations for a few projects, and 
these have gone into the customers' filings, okay. We are a part of their CMC. So it goes into 
their filings. 
 
So from there, by the time the regulatory bodies approves it and do they want an inspection, 
they're okay with the previous inspection data. They have to review and then they will give us 
approval. So it does go into the end patient population project. So -- but we have to wait and see 
when the commercialization will take place. 
Dhawal Khut: 
Yes, yes. So what I'm trying to ask is how many different molecules do they end up supporting? 
There might be three different fragments, but they might be supporting just the same molecule. 
There could be two intermediates for the same small molecule project. So how many different 
molecules are we supporting through these validation batches? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
So to answer your question, right, if your question is towards the three major projects where the 
capex is involved, its three different products completely. Okay? And we have other projects 
also in line, which we have validated. I'm not at the liberty to disclose too much. So all I can say 
is we have several projects which are going to individual molecules, which will attain to the 
patient population as and when regulatory approvals takes place. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Rahul Jeewani from IIFL Securities Limited. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sir, coming back to this inventory change and margins again. Now this quarter, the inventory 
change number was ₹500 crores and the usual quarterly run rate has been around, let's say, ₹50 
crores to ₹100 crores kind of a number. 
 
So if we adjust for, let's say, this ₹300 crores to ₹400 crores of incremental inventory change, 
then our gross margin this quarter would have been between 55% to 58% and our EBITDA 
margins would have been 28% to 30%. So probably indicating the pressure from the solvent 
increases, which you have seen. So is that the correct way to assess, let's say, the sustainability 
of margins? Or would you want to qualify in any other way? 

 
 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
August 01, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
See, I would say this is also because of the increase in the production volume that the validation 
projects are going through. There is also not just the raw material, right? There is also work in 
progress, there is intermediates, there are finished products. 
 
So it's a combination of all those that you are seeing here, along with the increase in the prices 
of the materials. So when there is an increase in the price of the raw materials, the cost of your 
intermediates and your work in progress and your finished goods also would go up substantially. 
So it's a combination of all those. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Okay. And let's say, this ₹500 crores kind of an inventory change, which we saw this quarter, 
what kind of a number, let's say, do you anticipate for the rest of fiscal '27? Because last year, 
this number was around ₹300 crores odd. So yes, if you can just help in terms of that so that it 
becomes easier for us to model in terms of what the sustainable margins are for the company? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
It's a very difficult question to answer considering the -- what's happening in Middle East 
currently. I mean tomorrow, everyone decides, okay, we are in the cease and we are not going 
to have a war at all. Things would be again back to normal. The cost would go down and the 
inventory -- cost of inventory itself will go down. 
 
And our cost of our intermediates and work in progress would go down. Would our volumes go 
down? Yes, they would because we wouldn't be stocking so much as well. So it all depends on 
the macroeconomic factors on which we don't have any control on. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to the time constraint, that was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Satish Choudhury for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
M. Satish Choudhury: 
Thank you all for joining us today for the earnings call of Divi's Laboratories Limited. In case 
you need any further clarification, please reach out to our Investor Relations. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, Satish sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Divi's Laboratories Limited, 
that concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
