 
 
 
 
Date : 14.08.2026 
Place: Hyderabad 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,  
Fort Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BandrakKurla Complex, Bandra East 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Q1 FY27 Results conference call hosted on 13th August, 2026 - Reg. 
BSE Scrip code: 513228 / NSE Symbol: PENIND 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 & 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and with reference to our Results conference call intimation dated 7th August, 2026, 
please be informed that the Results conference call for Q1 FY27 was hosted on 13th August, 2026 and 
the Transcript of the conference call is enclosed for information and record. 
 
The same is available on the Company’s website viz: 
 
https://www.pennarindia.com/investors/investor-updates/Q1&FY27-Earnings-Conference-Call-
Transcript.pdf 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
for Pennar Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Mirza Mohammed Ali Baig 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS 29058 
Mirza 
Mohammed Ali 
Baig
Digitally signed by Mirza 
Mohammed Ali Baig 
Date: 2026.08.14 17:48:06 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 23 
 
   
 
 
 
“Pennar Industries Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Call” 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ADITYA RAO – VICE CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – PENNAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. SHRIKANT BHAKKAD – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – PENNAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. MANOJ – PRESIDENT, CORPORATE PLANNING – 
PENNAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. K.M. SUNIL – VICE PRESIDENT, INVESTOR AND 
MEDIA RELATIONS – PENNAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VIKRAM SURYAVANSHI – PHILLIPCAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Pennar Industries Q1 FY27 Earnings Call. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikram Suryavanshi. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Thank you, Atharv. Good morning, and very warm welcome to everyone. Thank you for being 
on the call of Pennar Industries Limited. We are happy to have with us the management of 
Pennar Industries for question-and-answer session. The management is represented by Mr. 
Aditya Rao, Vice Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Shrikant Bhakkad, Chief Financial 
Officer; Mr. Manoj, President, Corporate Planning; and KM Sunil, Vice President, Investor and 
Media Relations. 
 
Before we start with the question-and-answer session, we will have opening comments from the 
management. Now I hand over call to Mr. Aditya for opening comments. Over to you, sir. 
Aditya Rao: 
Thank you so much. Good morning. Thank you to all of you for joining Pennar Industries' Q1 
FY27 Investor Conference Call, for the quarter ended 30 June, 2026. We will cover the numbers 
for the quarter, take you through each of our businesses and share how we see FY27 unfolding. 
 
I'll walk you through the quarter's headline numbers, the story behind each of our growth 
engines. Shrikant, our CFO, will then take you through the detailed financials. We will as usual 
end with the Q&A from all of you. 
 
So Q1 has come in well. Revenue grew 3.58% year-on-year to INR884.55 crores, and PBT grew 
16.04% to INR46.8 crores. Revenue growth was moderate this quarter. A few segments moved 
a little slower than planned, but profitability held up because we have the business quite tightly 
on cost tactics. 
 
Key growth drivers for the next quarters are PEB India. The order book now sits at INR1,008 
crores, the highest we have ever carried. Revenue is going to come in through Engineering 
Services coming in. We have several large data center orders also that are coming in, in the next 
few years. 
 
The conversion picks up sharply in this quarter in Q2, and we expect this business to do well. 
PEB U.S. also our order book is at a new peak. We have now crossed USD 100 billion in order 
backlog. Revenue is running ahead of what we had wilted into the plan for the quarter. And 
again, here from Q1 to Q2 also, we expect very strong growth here in this revenue stream. 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
 
Engineering Services, Structured Engineering grew well, 26.3%, a strong quarter, and our U.S. 
sales team is closing more work than before. Tech Pennar has been the weak spot. The order 
book was thin and a few execution flips cost at some customers. A new sales team is now in 
place, and we expect that trajectory to improve from Q2. 
 
Hydraulics, our order backlog is at INR30 crores activity in the U.S. has slowed, to Europe has 
done well the introduction of some tariffs, uncertainty, even though it's the Senate and not the 
house, the expectation that something may come in is causing order backlog to order bookings 
to run a little lower than we expect.  
We are in wait-and-watch mode on the Hydraulics. Every other business, I think we'll have a 
clear articulated growth plan and we're confident of revenue profit growth. Hydraulics, we'll 
wait see for the next few quarters as far as U.S. is -- is one of the biggest markets for us for 
Hydraulics. So we will monitor this. 
 
Boilers again highest ever order backlog in over INR150.75 crores. To first quarter, first, 
industrial power boiler has been achieved. It's a good pre-qualification reference for us, allows 
us to dramatically improve our addressable market. And our first orders in the pharmaceutical 
sector, which is a new industry vertical for us. 
 
On profitability and margins, PBT margin was at 5.38%, up from 4.77% last year. Mix moving 
in the right direction, higher-margin businesses, PEB U.S. and engineering services are growing 
faster and the group margin follows. So same trend that we've been on for the last 3, 4 years, 
and we expect this to continue.  
And capital efficiency rose was around 20% and ROE around 12%. We're on board to move 
higher. We are deliberately stocking a little more raw material and anticipation of revenue 
growth with PEB India, PEB U.S. and all others at a strong place in order backlog perspective, 
we want to put us in a place where we can dramatically expand revenue. 
 
So ROE at 12%, ROCE at 20% is lower than what we would traditionally want to see, but we 
will look to improve this further. And we are quite certain that September quarter, we will see 
very good improvements in this. 
 
So this is the quarter in summary. There's no change in our strategy to put capital into our 
prioritized business units, expand our order backlogs, and consequently expand our revenue and 
profitability. Working capital to keep it tight and make sure our ROCE guides all of our decision 
making. 
 
I'll now hand this call over to our CFO, Mr. Shrikant Bhakkad for the detailed financials. Thank 
you to all of you again, and look forward to your questions. 
Shrikant Bhakkad: 
Thank you, Aditya. A very warm welcome to all our shareholders and investors joining us today. 
Q1 FY27 reflects a continued evaluation of our business towards profitable and sustainable 
growth, while the quarter saw some moderate revenue growth are operational discipline and 
improvement in the product mix and the project execution translated into stronger profitability 
across businesses. 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
 
Our strong priority remains unchanged. This initiative has helped us deliver double-digit growth 
in EBITDA, profit before tax despite the challenging operating environment. Key financial 
highlights, the revenue from operations has increased from INR870.4 crores from INR845.7 
crores, a growth of 2.9%. EBITDA increased to INR106.8 crores from INR94.3 crores, 
representing a growth of 13.3% reflecting improved products and a project mix.  
Profit before taxes increased by 16% to INR46.8 crores. The most increasing aspects of the 
quarter is the profitability growth significantly exceeded the revenue growth, which is reflecting 
the strong operating leverage, and the efficiency benefits that we have been working towards 
over the last several years. 
 
In terms of customized design Building Solutions, the investments made over the last year, 
including the integration of the teleco acquisition have strengthened our platform and customer 
reach in the U.S. As a result, revenue from the business in the custom design building solution 
has gone from INR411 crores to INR507 crores and continues to be an important driver for our 
transformation journey. 
 
Profitability of this initiative is taking time to fully materialize as we continue to invest in 
process strengthening activities. In India, while we have very good capacity. Execution in PEB 
business was impacted by operational challenges. We have strengthened the execution team, 
and we are focused now on improving the project delivery.  
In view of the -- we view this as an operational rather than the structural issues. Combination 
of process strengthening in the U.S. and overcoming the operational issues will help us drives 
the growth in the customized building solutions, importantly. As Aditya has mentioned, our 
order pipeline remains at an all-time high. 
 
And we expect the momentum to improve over the coming quarters. We remain optimistic about 
the mid-term and the long-term growth of these businesses. Our diversified engineering business 
experienced a softer quarter due to lower activity in steel and hydraulics. And other businesses 
which we have exited over the years in terms of module mounting structures and Pennar which 
has decreased our sales from INR450 crores to INR385 crores. However we continue to view 
this business as important contributors to our diversified portfolio and remain focused on 
enhancing competitiveness and the operational efficiency, which continues to bring profit to the 
table. 
 
Coming to the margin. One of our key highlights, as I said, is the operating margins. While 
quarterly fluctuations remain quarter-on-quarter due to the nature, we believe the structural 
measures, which we plan to undertake will give us a result over the period. 
 
Gross margins have been expanded from 42.56% to 43.85% at a consolidated level, while the 
contribution margins has increased from 27.14% to 28.51%, right, in terms of the numbers from 
INR231.81 crores to INR252.12 crores. 
 
One of the important aspects is on other income that includes interest income and bank deposits 
were INR2.26 crores, gain on sale of investments, INR2.16 crores, rental and export-related 
incentive, INR3.05 crores and write-back of liabilities and provisions contributes the rest. A 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
substantial portion of this items arises from business activities and treasury management 
activities. 
 
Coming to cost. Employee expenses increased during the quarter from INR92.5 crores to 
INR107.32 crores, up by 16%. Primarily reflecting investment in the type of capabilities across 
the U.S. operations, which has increased by INR16.24 crores up by 37%. These investments are 
focused on sales and business development activities, project execution capabilities, and the 
growth initiatives in the U.S. market. 
 
Coming to finance first. We continue to maintain a disciplined approach to have capital 
allocation through -- all to the finance first remain slightly above our internal target during the 
quarter. Our long-term guidance remains around 4% as a percentage of our revenue. Interest 
cost for the quarter stood at approximately 4.18% this quarter, slightly higher. 
 
Term loan costs are primarily attributable to Telco acquisition cost, which has already begun 
contributing to the revenue growth. As the scale improves, we expect that the cost to normalize 
as a percentage of revenue. 
 
Working capital allocation and utilization remains related due to the investment supporting the 
revenue growth and the higher order book. As we move into Q2 FY27, management's priorities 
to enhance the inventory to accelerate the collections and optimize the current assets. We believe 
this will strengthen our cash generation, improve our written ratio and also provide additional 
flexibility to our future growth initiatives. 
 
Before I close, I would just like to mention -- in terms of the milestones of our order book, we 
are all at a record high in terms of PEB India, PEB U.S., as well as the Boiler division. This 
strong revenue visibility and reinforces our confidence in the growth outlook for the coming 
quarters of FY27. 
 
Thank you. And I would like now to hand the call back to the moderator, and we'll be happy to 
take your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Kanishk Gupta from SS Family Office. 
Kanishk Gupta: 
I would like to ask that broadly with our FY27 debt-to-equity target of 0.8, what kind of ROCE 
did we expect for full year FY27? 
Aditya Rao: 
ROCE for the year, I mean, our stated target is higher at around 30%, but we will definitely be 
over 20% for Q2, higher than that. For the year as an average, I think we said 25% that's at -- 
25%, we can comment. 
Kanishk Gupta: 
25% being the base line and 25% to 30% range. 
Aditya Rao: 
That is correct. EBIT divided by capital employed? 
Kanishk Gupta: 
And sir, what is our revenue from the network JV in Q1 if you can answer that? 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
Aditya Rao: 
So we don't consolidate that because we are a minority shareholder in that business unit. I'm 
sure if we are allowed to give network numbers in that sense? Or is that something we have -- 
so I mean, I can tell you that it's going well. I mean order book, everything is in good shape, 
and I think it should -- I think it's going to be a very good value generator for Pennar. But as of 
right now, we don't have numbers to share on that. I think I'll have to speak with them and come 
back to you on that. 
Kanishk Gupta: 
No worry, sir, and what kind of qualitative value has been created from that JV within the 
company till now? 
Aditya Rao: 
Till now, I think the value of our investment would be about the valuation of that company, the 
equity valuation of the company. Considering the capacity being set up is 2 gigawatts, which 
has a top line revenue potential of about INR4,000 crores, and Penner holds 45%, I believe, in 
that. So I mean you would have to value what a profitable company with that kind of revenue 
stream would be worth. 
 
And that's a revenue stream we expect I think they will achieve. So it would difficult for me to 
comment on exactly what the value of that would be, but I think, I can speak to them and have 
narrative for you on that the next time we speak next quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nitin Jain from Fairvalue Equity Advisors. 
Nitin Jain: 
So in your PEB business, the drop in EBIT margin is more than 200 basis points -- so this is, I 
think, the highest among your peers. A lot of your peers were able to get price hikes from clients 
to mitigate the steel price hike. So, while we're not able to do the same, if you can elaborate? 
Aditya Rao: 
We were able to get the vast majority of the pass-through steel price increase pass-through, that 
did happen. Some I think there was a little bit of a bleed effect where it took some pain for us 
to get those increases. So a lot of them are in now, so our operating margins, our contribution, 
and our backlog, both in India and the U.S., are back up, but there was a period of time about a 
month or 2 where it didn't get passed through. It's probably what you're referring to in terms of 
the 200-basis point drop. 
 
I would strongly suggest you see this as a momentary blip, we are extremely confident that 
operating margins move back to where they were for PEB India and for PEB U.S. from this 
quarter onwards. 
Nitin Jain: 
Okay. So, will it be this quarter onwards or gradually over the year? 
Aditya Rao: 
Q2. 
Nitin Jain: 
Q2, okay. And you indicated that PEB is expected to grow well in India as well as the U.S. 
given the record higher pipeline are we expecting in both PEB as well as overall company level? 
Aditya Rao: 
So I think PEB will be a big driver of revenue in this quarter, both India and in the U.S. As I 
mentioned, the order backlogs are very high. And it's all at a stage right now where drawing 
clearance is available, the working capital has been deployed or the labor situation is all of the 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
past. So we are going to see the higher tick numbers. But as I speak of the individual thing, I 
think PEB overall, as a component, you should expect to double-digit growth from last quarter 
to this quarter from last year to this year, every which you should see good growth in this quarter, 
Q2. 
Nitin Jain: 
Sir, if you could quantify the number, please? 
Aditya Rao: 
I would be providing guidance. So, I think that we don't usually provide. But I would -- I think 
the best picture I can give you is that order backlogs are strong its going through the revenue, 
double-digit growth. 
Nitin Jain: 
And for the overall company level? 
Aditya Rao: 
For -- I mean, individual components and overall company level PEB revenue would be high, 
growth will be high. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vidhi Shah from CRK Investment. 
Vidhi Shah: 
Sir, we noticed that there was a revenue slowdown in this quarter. So, can you explain what will 
be the key drivers for revenue growth in the coming year? 
Aditya Rao: 
So as narrative which we've been providing you for the last 3 years, that continues. We are 
having a fair amount of revenue decline in what we call the legacy businesses, which comprised 
of our steel business unit and the railways business unit. So both of those business units we're 
not deploying capital into those businesses. While the revenue drop there also, we believe to be 
temporary, I think guarantee you to that comes back. 
 
But what the messaging we have for you is that our growth vectors, which is the PEB India, the 
PEB U.S., boilers, BIW and Engineering Services, are all. The only one that we don't have 
arisen provide for you is Hydraulics because of the tariff situation actually creating a fair amount 
of confusion, but that's not -- that doesn't derail from the regular story where our revenue growth 
is predicated on these 4 revenue streams growing. 
 
The other legacy businesses, which comprised about INR1,300 crores of revenue annually that 
has seen a little bit of a decline. So you see the smaller numbers. But if you were to remove that, 
then we've actually had pretty good growth in our -- shall we say, our prioritized business units 
in the quarter. 
 
Overall, I agree, 4% doesn't look like very high growth, but it's planned in that manner, that will 
be the older business units decline and this goes. But be that as it may for Q2, I think with the 
higher levels of growth being achieved at multiple business units, we will be in a place to, the 
combined entity to grow at double-digit rates. 
Vidhi Shah: 
And as the share of these legacy, these low margin businesses are declining, so what kind of 
margins do we expect ahead for the companies for the next two to three years? 
Aditya Rao: 
So as you see, I think over the last -- not just this quarter, for the last 4 years, quarter-on-quarter 
with momentary blips perhaps, you have seen our operating margins improve as these -- as the 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
deprioritized business has reduced. So accordingly, you've seen in this quarter as well. So our 
revenue has only grown by 4% and operating margins have grown at a more healthy rate. So 
that will continue. What we have guided to is over the next 3 years, reaching a PBT of 7%. We 
are right now at around 5% change, I think, 5.3, probably 5.38 I'm told is where we're at. So we 
are quite confident that just executing this gets our PBT up. 
Vidhi Shah: 
Understood, sir. And can you clarify what is the current order book of the company? 
Aditya Rao: 
In what, sorry? 
Shrikant Bhakkad: 
Order book. 
Vidhi Shah: 
What is the current order book? 
Aditya Rao: 
So we don't combine everything. PEB India is at INR1,008 crores. PEB US has just crossed. I 
mean this is not a middle quarter as it is right now. We have crossed a USD100 million in order 
backlog for Ascent, which is our US sub. Boiler order book is at INR150 crores. BIW, we don't 
measure in order book but our Hyundai plant is getting commissioned this month. And that 
should, over the next three months, double our revenue from a scheduled order backlog point 
of view. So everything except hydraulics is in great shape. 
Vidhi Shah: 
Thank you, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Shubhankar Gupta from Equitree Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
Hi sir. I had a question from my end… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Shubhan. Your voice is not clear. May I request you to please use the handset? 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
Is it better now? 
Aditya Rao: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
Yes, sure. So I'm just asking like, can you provide a segmental breakup of the segments, like 
the EBITDA for all these segments, if that's possible. And that will just help us segregate how 
the EBITDA has moved a bit within what segments?  
Aditya Rao: 
I agree. I believe this is something we discussed last time. I promised some clarity on this. We've 
discussed this internally. Please give us a little bit more quarter. We are setting these businesses 
up for high growth, high scale capital deployment. And I agree it's important to get that 
segmental picture. If I can request you give us until next quarter to achieve this. That is 
directionally where we are going. We will get there.  
But do give us the quarter to present because, let me be honest, we have not prepared that data 
for dispersal yet. Obviously, we have it internal to the company. Every revenue stream we have. 
Separate P&Ls, balance sheet, it's capital efficiency. But at this point, we are currently not able 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
to share the segmental thing. But you have the management's commitment that we will get 
ourselves there. Do give us this quarter to get there. 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
Sure, sir, no problem. That's helpful. And from the other income perspective, like can we see 
this -- so other income has gone from INR8 crores, it has gone to INR14 crores, INR14.5 crores 
on a quarterly basis, right? I just want to understand, like, is this something which we see as 
accessible or is this something which is more one-off? And what is the other income 
anticipation, at least from an FY27 perspective?  
Aditya Rao: 
So as I mentioned, I think perhaps not last quarter, but a couple of quarters ago. So I think it 
makes sense -- from a reported standpoint, there's certain revenue categories we have to declare 
in other income. These include things such as forex gains and all of this. Some of them, and 
they're all not one-time events. They're consistent events. 
So really our operating margin, our contribution only makes sense when you look at our revenue 
including both what's their net revenue and also the other income? So it's not a separate item 
which is one time or not part of our regular income. It's just accounting law makes us put that 
in there. It is composed of various other components, including I think even gains that we have 
from sale of investments, export related incentives that we have got, certain foreign exchange 
fluctuations, certain write back of liabilities as a project cost. So all these are part of the other 
income at the pedal and this would continue.  
We tend to target a certain operating margin taking these into account. So removing them would 
perhaps not give an accurate picture because the model works because we take those into 
account and we are pretty good at estimating them. As they come in, you do see a little bit of 
up and down on it, but the combined other income plus net sales picture is what gives you our 
actual sales. That's the narrative we're provided also two quarters of it.  
Shubhankar Gupta: 
Got it. Got it. And just one last question on the debt bit. So, Aditya, any plans of -- like what is 
the debt to equity ratio we are targeting from an FY27 perspective? I think we had plans to 
reduce the same, right? So what are the targets which we are taking on, let's say, from a 2, 3-
year lens also, if not FY27? 
Aditya Rao: 
So what we consider healthy debt versus shall we say unhealthy debt. Now I think with our, all 
that is now being combined. We would consider any debt equity around 0.7 to be healthy. From 
an annualized point of view, by the end of the year, we are quite confident we will be able to 
get close to that number. 
If we are slightly higher than that number, it would be because of perhaps acquisitions we have 
made and others, but anything higher than 0.7 is something that we will not accept. So we will 
ensure that. There's also -- I mean, speaking from a promoter point of view, there's about INR50 
crores of capital that's been brought in, but INR20 crores has been brought in already. So that 
too will, to some extent, reduce debt equity, though that's not the major metric, but staying 
around 0.7 is the stated target. 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
Got it. Okay. That's it. Thank you. 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Bhashit Parikh from LS Finance. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhashit Parikh: 
Hello. Am I audible? 
Aditya Rao: 
Yes, perhaps a little louder? 
Bhashit Parikh: 
Okay. I’ll try. Does this work? 
Aditya Rao: 
Still not very clear, but please go ahead. We'll try to understand. 
Bhashit Parikh: 
Okay, all right. So I'm a new investor to the company, and I've gone through last 3, 4 years' 
worth of con-calls. A number of things I'm a little bit concerned about is how the goalpost keeps 
moving into terms of the targeted PAT margins? So, for example, I think in 2024, there was a 
stated goal of getting to 5% PAT margins by '26, right? That was missed. And then as you 
mentioned quite confidently about 7% PAT margins by FY28, FY29.  
Now as of today, I think Aditya just spoke about, 7% PBT margins by 2, 3 years. So I think the 
goalpost continues to keep moving, which does not inspire a lot of confidence in me. So what 
makes you work by as an investor, should I feel very confident that you would get what you 
promised you would get? 
Aditya Rao: 
Okay. So let me first clarify that. You are right. I think it would be extremely inappropriate if 
we gave you guidance, then we switched that around and said something else. So let me try to 
explain how we are seeing this and maybe that will help clarify this a little bit more. So for us, 
it's not that we have a certain margin and we stop there. Any more then we will say, okay, we 
will reach a sort of revenue or a certain profit number and we'll stop there. 
Our guidance on consistent and sustainable operating margin increase and profit margin 
increase, which we have demonstrated over the past few years. So while they may have been an 
exact time in which or the timeframe in which we will reach a certain percentage number, what 
is definitely on the record and we have shown is that we have in a capital efficient manner, 
maintaining our ROCE above 20%, we have managed to grow our profit margins from 2%, 
2.5%, 3%, 3.5% and above that also. 
In fact, for the quarter, we have just closed, I think our PAT margin would be 4.07%. So what 
is creating this increase is effectively, our focus on higher-margin businesses and the margins, 
the operating margins in these businesses even if you take our US business or just the India 
businesses are growing. They're focusing on operating margins, which are higher than 15%. 
And as that additional revenue comes in and the older legacy business revenue streams, the 
commodity revenue streams with lower EBIT and PAT margins go away, margins tend to 
expect. So that's all we're doing, and that's the narrative that's catching up. 
Now if there is hysteresis or a little bit of, as you put it, goalpost moving in terms of when we 
achieve that, that is primarily because of what we see is a quarter-on-quarter impact in terms of 
higher commodity pricing, which tends to have a temporary effect. But longer term, that's the 
drive. How do we know what our margins would be 2 years from now, 3 years from now?  

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
Because we have an articulated plan for where we want to be and what those operating margins 
in those business units would be. So if we execute that, what we've committed to you 
automatically happens. And more or less, it has been happening. We have doubled our margins 
in the last few years. So that trend will continue. So that's the narrative I want to provide. 
Now, when do we reach 5, do we stop at 5 we go to 6, we go to 7 PBT versus PAT, I agreed 
that we should give you as much clarity as we can. But I think we put us in the best position to 
show you where we are headed when we show consistent profit the bad margin improvement, 
which we have shown. 
 
And consistent -- making sure capital efficiency, that's also important. You can't just have high 
profit with capital efficiency going down. So that also is something that we need to ensure 
happens. So we commit to you that we are targeting 25% ROCE. 
 
ROE over 10%. I mean, we used to be at 7%, 8%, ROE also has now reached 12%. So all of 
those margin growth. And keeping with that, our PAT margins will increase. PAT, PBT margins 
will increase. One other factor you want to take into account specific to this quarter is we had a 
higher tax rate because of 1 type somewhere in the last quarter, which we have tax adjustment 
relating to a clear which was INR1.75 crores. 
 
So PBT is the metric we should use. Let's use PBT. And that, I mean, it tends to move a little 
bit because we have India tax code, U.S. tax core, both of which tend to be around 25%, so 
there's not massive changes there. But long-winded, but that's the answer I have. 
Bhashit Parikh: 
Got it. Thank you. So yes, I fully understand various geopolitics and other factors. And I do 
believe the higher-margin businesses should do really well. I'm just like -- so because I want to 
value the business, I don't fully understand how I should tell you it because I understand it will 
grow at a print, how much will it grow is a concern, right? 
 
The second question I have is. So again, like going back to some of the historical thoughts that 
Aditya had -- so you mentioned in the past that 7% PAT margin like a sustainable goal. And 
then at some point, I'm not sure if this was a slip of fun, but you mentioned that long term, 
maybe not even 10% is achievable, right? 
 
So maybe over like next 10 years, 15 years, whatever time frame. So what would stop you from 
getting to those numbers apart from geopolitics and the actual macro factors? What are the key 
challenges that the management sees in getting to those numbers? 
Aditya Rao: 
So considering the model we follow is have large addressable markets. Our current addressable 
market is from a total addressable market point of view, it's INR2.25 lakh crores, INR2.3 lakh 
crores. Our specific obtainable market is about INR80,000 crores. So the revenue we do every 
year from a gross point of view of about 4,400. That, if you look at it from our share, it's about 
6% to 7%. 
 
Provided our addressable markets stay large, revenue stays large. Provided the revenue stays 
where it is on operating margins in industries tend to be static over the longer term. They don't 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
tend to move on too much unless there's a massive technological change or temporary 
competitive intensity tends to reduce. 
 
If those things happen, a fixed cost effectively is a function of payroll and other asset costs. As 
long as those stay within our model, then what falls to bottom line effectively or the limiting 
factor for our PBT so to speak, in any business, frankly, not just for us, is effectively how much 
scale you can bring in and typically test half of your operating margin is at EBITDA, half of 
EBITDA tends to be PAT for most manufacturing businesses. 
 
So considering that operating margins were all adding right now is in the 15% to 20% range. A 
natural order, which will result -- will mean that you can't really get past 10% from a PAT point 
of view. That being said, it would be better for us to look at this as that's the Mount Everest. 
That's what we need to reach. 
 
Maybe Mount Everest is overstating it, a lot of businesses. But all of our competitors also 
benchmarking, if you see they're all at 7%-8%, but a lot of them are at 7%-8%. So the market 
would prevent us submitting those numbers. So what else could have a -- poor execution is one 
thing. So our goal is to make sure that, that doesn't become a for us to achieve our revenue to 
profit growth as is. 
Bhashit Parikh: 
Got it. Maybe one last question. So -- what is the -- I understand there is a separate for the U.S. 
PEB business. Like how else are you making sure that the middle management and people who 
are skilled at the lower level to helping the company grow like if Aditya decides or wants to 
retire, what is your backup plan? 
Aditya Rao: 
So we -- our human capital agenda is actually probably the most important for me, it is -- none 
of this growth, all of it is driven by me alone, it's the team. And a lot of them accomplish 
seasoned professionals who spend decades in the industry. Where the 1 of our business units is 
headed by people with decades of experience in the field of the president. And there is no 
exception to this role. To this role. 
 
So human capital wise, we are focusing on what the company needs to look like for 5 years to 
now, what does it need to be? We have the dog structure mapped out. There's been several new 
additions in just in the last quarter, in leadership grows, we have brought in people from IME, 
we've gotten people from Hero Honda, senior management level, we are never talking at the 
manager level. We are talking at the COO, CEO or President level. We've gotten people in from 
Murugappa Group Investments. INEL, as I said, also Wipro Hydraulics as well. 
 
So senior team member additions in the last quarter, and we expect this to 20 people to the 
recourse the year, all of whom are people and our attrition senior management is -- I mean, 
maybe a good or bad thing is quite low. So we don't really fire people off in that sense. 
 
So we believe that our human capital is strong. Our org structure has been defined for what we 
want to look like 4 years from now. It's good. It's lean and filled with people with a tremendous 
amount of execution experience. 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
 
I'm very confident that they say not to be there is thing called it by the customer. So tomorrow 
I get it by the bus, the story continues. It's not me, Aditya driven in any sense. It is driven by the 
team and proud of the team that we have, and they're all ambitious, and the ambition will be the 
limited factor, not me. 
Bhashit Parikh: 
All right. Thank you for your time. 
Aditya Rao: 
Thanks so much. Great question, Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Vinod Krishna from Avendus Capital Private 
Limited. 
Vinod Krishna: 
Sir, if you can help -- I've been these companies who we have been there for the last 4, 5 years. 
So if you can help us understand how to think about growth because you've been guiding PAT 
growth of 20%. And how to think about medium-term revenue PAT growth because there is a 
legacy business of around 20%, 25%, which -- how does that sit? Will it really go to zero or 
will it stay there? And the other part will be growing? How should we think about tailwinds 
division? What are the factors driving -- giving us the ability to get market share? 
 
And then if you can help us understand that PAT 20% is the peak or will -- because you to use 
the world at least 20%. So if you can help us because that becomes important for us to value the 
company because how to think about growth drivers for each of your divisions? Is this 20% the 
match growth or we will definitely be used to say at least 20% PAT growth will come? So if 
you can help us understand, sir? 
Aditya Rao: 
So let me speak first about the legacy business units. Steel special grades are tubing and railways 
businesses. These are good profitable businesses. We should not allow them to go to zero, but 
capital isn't infinite management manner infinite. And we have to focus on our growth drivers 
and ensure we don't create many, many subscale businesses. 
 
So we have decided on the growth but they are not going to deviate from it. That being said, we 
need to have some kind of an org-corp-structure, which allows those -- they should not go to 
zero. That would be wrong. Pennar should realize value from those revenue streams. 
 
So we have -- we are looking at what are the best ways to achieve that. We will -- it takes time 
to put those things together. Similar to what we did in solar, there to call our solar capabilities. 
And we have created a joint venture with Zetwerk, which has the potential to do some amount 
of revenue, some amount of profit. So it didn't go to zero. It's something that holds value for 
Pennar. And not value meaning it's some INR1,500 crores, it should -- I mean what would a 
company like that work, that is a good question to answer. 
 
So similarly, we should do something similar for this INR1,300 crores of legacy revenue 
streams in the business. And we are working on it, and we should have something for you soon. 
Let me put that there anything -- no commitment in terms of time line, but we are working hard 
on this. So that's point one. 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
 
As far as PAT margin growth -- sorry, PAT grows 20% is concerned. As I said, as these new 
revenue streams comes in, as they take scale, the operating margin being higher and our net 
margins being from a PBT point of view right now in the 4%, 5% range. Just adding our revenue 
takes care of profitability. There's no natural thing that it has to be 20% and can't be more than 
that. 
 
Let's take, for example, our BIW business. It's expected to double in revenue size in the next 
few months, once Hyundai comes in. It's the plant has been commissioned today. There's no 
sales involved. The programs are all there. The 3 programs. We just have to keep producing and 
executing well and our revenue grows and scales. We've created these fields everywhere and all 
of them are seats. 
The U.S. too, even though it's a USD120 million P&L right now is a seat. There's a tremendous 
amount of potential there that can grow because our competitors there are in billions of dollars. 
So as we grow, achieve a large accessible market and get revenue streams to comply and that is 
something we need to execute. 
Once we do that, there's no such thing as 20% is the criteria or not. I think the best way to value 
us is to look at addressable market, look at our revenue growth and potential PAT margins, 
which will be range bound. It's not going to be 15%, but it's not going to be 4%, 5% or it is 
going to scale. So that should suffice to give a valuation range. 
And, of course, from a capital efficiency point of view, you should assume that we reached the 
25% benchmark as where we want to be from an ROCE point of view. Those numbers together 
should give foundation for how we want to look at our business. 
Vinod Krishna: 
Sir, my second question is then, I'm assuming that it's not a question. So I'm assuming that there 
are enough tailwinds because you always say which is not new market reason for growth in all 
these divisions, mostly. So our PAT growth of 20% should be taken even for this year? 
And my second question is in the jet work, when you said INR4,000 crores by when, sir? And 
how should we look at that? And my assumption, if you can clarify on my assumption that PAT 
growth of 20% for this year also is given like full year? 
Aditya Rao: 
So the ZAP91 subsidiary, which is majority owned by network and Pennar, the revenue for that 
is something that I will -- we will speak internally in terms of what numbers you want to share. 
What I had mentioned is INR4,000 crores is typically water to 200 gigawatt solar plant, which 
is the capacity in what they tend to do, right? So that is in guidance for any stretch. When will 
they achieve, what all of that are things that we need to have a discussion at a later point. 
But as of right now, the investment for Pennar is a minority investment. It's a way for Pennar to 
unlock value out of its long presence in the solar field. At one point in time, solar used to be a 
INR600 crores revenue stream for us. Instead of having that go to zero, we have decided this is 
the best way to do. So that's the narrative on solar. Is that the subsidiary's exact revenue is not 
something that we'd be able to comment on right now. 
Vinod Krishna: 
Yes, sir. Bur PAT growth of 20% for this year, we can assume, right? 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
Aditya Rao: 
Yes, that is our stated goal that we achieve these numbers. 
Vinod Krishna: 
And you have seen tailwinds in most of our revenue lines. We are seeing on the revenue lines 
firing in terms of tailwinds? 
Aditya Rao: 
Yes. Our order books are strong. We have capitalized well. Our assets capacity utilizations are 
ready to take on additional revenue. We are confident of I mean, forget Q1 to Q2. Q1 to Q2 
sequentially also, you will see very decent. 
Vinod Krishna: 
Sir, over 3, 4 years, what kind of revenue can we look at, sir, at the company level over 3, 4 
years? 
Aditya Rao: 
So I mean I'm trying to answer that question without -- it seeming like guidance or something. 
I mean, we can, the market isn't going to prevent us from growing, clearly, based on our order 
backlog, as you can see. It's not the market. Our competitors are all large. So we will sustain 
consistent revenue growth and profit growth. Over 3-4 years, that will continue. 
Vinod Krishna: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you and all the best, sir. 
Aditya Rao: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rahul Kumar from Vaikarya Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Kumar: 
Shrikant, you mentioned in the call that, in your opening remarks, that India business faced 
some operational challenge. Can you just elaborate a bit more on that? What exactly happened? 
Shrikant Bhakkad: 
See, in the India business, we only had certain impacts on account of TEP, which in terms of 
execution team and focusing on the project delivery kind of a thing. So we -- now that we are 
focusing on the project delivery, there are certain issues in terms of project delivery and things. 
We will be focused for the growth. So these are more of an operational reason rather than 
structural issues, as I said. 
Rahul Kumar: 
Okay. 
Shrikant Bhakkad: 
I think the reference would have been to engineering clearances in the PEB space. More of an 
internal thing that we need to align ourselves. Yes. But I mean... 
Rahul Kumar: 
Okay. Okay. So I think -- so are those issues resolved? Or is it something which we sort of 
continues to be bothering us? 
Aditya Rao: 
As we are scaling up these issues, sometimes it creeps up. But these issues are viewed as more 
of operational issues and gets challenged. It is not that this gets locked in permanently and this 
will have impact on the thing. These are temporary blips, which had issues. There are no long-
term or strategic reason for us to, that this will prevent our growth. 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
Rahul Kumar: 
And basis the order book, fraction which you have seen and I think the order book has increased 
pretty sharply in this quarter. So are we geared up to, you know, cater to that order book this 
year in terms of delivery and execution? 
Aditya Rao: 
For Shrikant sir, for me. Yes. So we both will answer. Order books, strong production capacity 
is up in both U.S. and in India. So we have the capacity to deliver on those order books. I mean, 
it would be dangerous if we took a much higher order backlog and we couldn't push that out.  
That would be -- so we consciously taken a call to ramp up our order backlog in preparation for 
higher revenue because the capacity is there. And the previous issues we've had for a few 
quarters in terms of labor supply and others, those have gotten resolved. We put a lot more 
automation and we've diversified our input sources a lot. 
And that larger order backlog, the short cycle time it takes for it to get engineering clearances, 
drawings, all of that has also happened both for boilers, for PEB India, PEB U.S. as well. So, 
well set to grow and scale these businesses. 
Rahul Kumar: 
Okay, okay. Second question which I have is on the diversified engineering. So out of this 
INR35 crores revenue item, how much is the legacy? And how much is the focused business 
out of this? And how is it -- what was it, let's say, in quarter 4 of this last year? 
Aditya Rao: 
We don't have a precise breakup. What I can guide you to is typically the legacy business units 
that are referred to, which includes our special grade steel business, our cold rolled, what we 
call our steel strips business, which was frankly the original business of the company when we 
started, what, 25 years ago, it was 90% of our revenue. 
Other than that, it includes also our railway coaches, wagons and components, and our tubing 
business. So, those legacy revenue streams currently contribute about 25% of our revenue. It 
used to be 35, a year ago it was 35, 33. It's reducing, quarter-on-quarter it reduces. 
Rahul Kumar: 
Okay. But let's say, out of INR385 crores, how much would that? 
Shrikant Bhakkad: 
Exact number, I'm not. I mean, I don't have the number. I mean to 25% into our sales, but into 
our -- but I think it will be better served to give you an exact number. We'll come back to you 
on that. 
Rahul Kumar: 
Okay. But in this diversified engine, decline of 15% on a Y-o-Y basis, so is the entire decline 
being explained by the defocused business or the rest of the business also is a bit slow? 
Aditya Rao: 
The entire -- the decline of what was the predominantly because of the diversified segment 
specifically if you could. Yes. So in the diversified segment, a predominant decrease is because 
of the legacy businesses and small bit of hydraulics, which is one of our growth vertical that we 
have, and that is because of the geopolitical issue. Other than that, there's no blips that we have 
seen. 
Rahul Kumar: 
Okay, okay. Okay. Understood. Thank you. 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nilesh Narendra Shah from Arrow 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Nilesh Narendra Shah: 
Yes. Hi, Aditya; and hi, Shrikant ji. Good afternoon. I have to two questions. Am I audible? Am 
I clear? 
Aditya Rao: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Nilesh Narendra Shah: 
All right. It was always reassuring to hear you. I think I love the confidence with which you 
actually present the numbers. But something just doesn't add up when we look at the entire 
business model overall. 
Now the first question I have is on the employee cost, which Mr. Shrikant tried to explain. Now 
quarter-on-quarter, I think we have gone to INR107 crores as of now. Is it due to wage inflation 
or increase in the number of employees? That would be the first question. 
And are we looking at INR400 crores to INR500 crores employee expenses for the year because 
they seem to be growing faster than our profitability. I think that is a very concerning factor that 
I have. That is one. Second, I think we are spreading ourselves too thin and we are getting a 
holding company kind of a discount. We have boilers, we have Cadnum, we have BIW. We 
have so many verticals. As far as the market is concerned or as far as valuation goes, that's the 
reason why I'm here talking to you. I think we are getting less than a holding company discount. 
 
So what steps is the management going to take to allay concerns that there are so many 
fragmented pieces of businesses the old business, legacy business you are coming out. But these 
will become legacy over a period of time, what you're doing now. So how are you going to 
address the concern? 
 
Because like someone mentioned earlier, the goalpost keeps moving. And every year, there is 
something new that's happening in terms of how we are growing. The business from Cadnum, 
I think the JV is more than 3 to 4 years old. We have marquee clients. But apparently, there is 
nothing that is coming in terms of the volume of the business. We have no clue on what is 
happening over there. That is the second part of the question. 
 
And the last one would be in terms of you bought warrants at 168 in a personal capacity. And 
why would it not make sense to actually pick up the equity from the open market to actually 
give more confidence to shareholders? Why would there be a warrant issue given? I mean, I 
really don't understand the reason for that in terms of -- if you can just throw light and color on 
these three things. 
Aditya Rao: 
Okay. Let me try to unpack that one by one. The first question had to do with salary costs. Our 
salary costs are higher because we have undertaken an acquisition in telco. And as I mentioned, 
as we ramp up order backlog, we do also need to ramp up engineering manpower, teams, 
production staff level. 
 
So -- and that typically tends to come before these order backlog is because an increase -- on 
the back of this, we are happy to commit that there will be strong double-digit growth in our 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
U.S. businesses and a lot of this increase in the salary cost was because of that. So that's point 
one in terms of why. 
 
And does that justify the revenue growth? Yes, I think over the next few quarters, if you see our 
U.S. business revenue stream growing from a revenue standpoint, and it was growing by strong 
double digit rates, then that does justify salary increase. And obviously, I agree with you, the 
profit also for -- has to grow faster than. Otherwise, there's no operating leverage. So that I grant, 
and you should look at that for the next few quarters. 
 
Speaking specifically about whether the goalposts are moving in terms of what is growing. You 
mentioned Cadnum, I think we've been -- I mean, I would like to state that I think we've been 
very clear what a growth model is. And over the last 2.5, 3 years, at least for the last, I would 
say, close to 10 quarters, we have been very clear that the business units we think will grow and 
scale our revenue, the India, the U.S. for the invite business, hydraulics business boilers 
business. Cadnum is a good aerospace business, is a good spot vertical. 
 
But as I said, we have many other such revenue businesses, legacy streams. It sits in our railway. 
railways that covers that as well. And we're finding ways in order to realize some value out of 
those businesses. But the growth vectors we're talking about is always these four revenue 
streams. So that's four. All of them situated in Pennar industry. 
 
So, there is I can't really speak to a holding company discount. I think there are several 
companies with a similar profile that we have. So, if the P/E multiple shall we say, of the 
company is not at a place where we like it. That's something that as we execute as we show 
consistent growth in profitability and capital actions that take care of itself. 
 
I think there's -- in the last 2 years, we've seen the P/E multiples of '28, we've seen P/E multiples 
of lesser than that as well. So, I would advocate that we look at whether we are growing revenue 
and profitability. And if we are consistent in our messaging about what our growth factors are, 
I think the answer to both those questions is yes. 
 
Other revenue streams they exist in the company. We do have the choice of stopping them 
immediately and not talking about them. So that, as you said, the goalpost don't move. But I 
think we have a responsibility not just to ourselves and the company and for realize value, but 
for our employees, for our customers and others. 
 
It is -- there were revenue streams we stopped like our Water business, our industrial water and 
wastewater business. And we do not want to be that kind of corporate. And I don't think that's 
healthy for us in the long term, even if you were to look at consistency of revenue and 
profitability. 
 
So, these revenue streams are what's going to grow to give it -- to summarize this and the second 
part of your question. PEB India, PEB U.S., body-in-white business, our engineering services 
business, our boilers business. Our Hydraulics is the one thing, as I mentioned, is this lack of 
clarity in our addressable market. we will come back to you on that. Other than that one revenue 
piece, which, by the way, for us, it's INR100 crores per year revenue piece. It's not an extremely 
material part of our business. 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
 
Other than that, one piece tell you we will be growing and scaling our other revenue streams. 
We have large order books in all of them. We have indicated we have brought capacity up and 
capex has been deployed and ensure capacity goes up. We're commissioning our new BIW 
plant, what I mentioned, which itself will double the time of that. 
 
Take a look at it the next few quarters, if the messaging continues to change, then obviously to 
hold us to it. But I would strongly contest that we have been changing the narrative as far as 
growth rates are concerned. 
 
The last part of your question was on the warrant. So, speaking now is the promoter of the 
company. I think warrants, the decision to take them is not just about pricing in the market. The 
pricing share price in the market can be anything. -- but it is a measure of confidence that we as 
promoters and I speaking again as the promoter have in the business model that we have, we 
are confident will deliver revenue and profitability growth in a capital-efficient manner. 
 
Therefore, we've deployed INR50 crores is what we are committed to deploying INR20 crores 
of that is already in the company. Whether the founders pick up from the market also in parallel 
to that is a discussion for another and that's something as if such actions were to be taken, I think 
we will be reporting it to the exchange and there's no real way to map that. 
 
So, to answer your question, sir, I think I see where you're coming from, salary cost increases 
being high. This method behind that matter have expanded. Revenue streams growth. I commit 
to you that we are not changing the narrative. We're not going to come with a new revenue 
vertical I said this is going to be the next sector of growth. And I don't think any vector we have 
spoken to has not been what we have said is going to grow the business over the last -- I would 
say, many quarters. So that would be my response. 
 
On the warrants, I've already commented that it's a measure of our commitment, and we just 
wanted a price that is locked in that sale, whether it's INR168 or INR150 or higher than that is 
not the metric. We went through a process of price discovery. We went through what corporate 
governance requires and that's what we are going to do. We don't want to be opportunistic about 
the founders of the promoters increasing their stake at there's a way this should be done, and 
that's the process we have followed. So, thank you for your questions. 
Nilesh Narendra Shah: 
Where this is going, I mean, you're doing too many things and too many good things at a time. 
Yes, industries which have got huge visibility in terms of growth, profitability. Other companies 
are doing it. If a minus just a simple case in point -- if I minus the other income component and 
add the net profit it will be less than 2% to 2.5%. 
 
Our net -- our profit margin by minus the other income is less than INR20 crores. So, I know 
it's just not justified. Something is not adding up somewhere. I think a little introspection would 
be required from the team, the management, I think, in terms of what, as an owner, as a business 
owner, I would look at kind of expenses that I have in terms of my revenue growth. Something 
is not adding up. But I wish you all the very best and I still committed to being a shareholder 
with the company for many more years to come. Thank you so much. 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Venkatasubramanian Raman from Organic 
Capital. 
Venkatasubramanian R.: 
Just a couple of questions. Do we declare our engineering services revenue specifically and how 
many people we have and what kind of growth part we have for that? 
Aditya Rao: 
I don't believe we give it a segmental breakup. But from a revenue standpoint, I can tell you that 
it's about INR70 crores per year. It's composed primarily of structural engineering and building 
information modeling. The primary markets are the U.S. and Europe. In fact, it's the only market 
for the U.S., Europe. 
Venkatasubramanian R.: 
Right. Some parts of the industry believe that this is one segment that wouldn't be disrupted by 
advent of AI. Do you guys have some specific thoughts and guidance on this? 
Aditya Rao: 
So, we -- obviously, we monitor that because this is a high-margin business. So, what we found 
is that a lot of our customers, I won't name. Have tried to bring in some automation. AI, 
basically, we call it automation. So effectively, what work close on the engineering side on the 
design detailing side can be automated through the use of platforms such as open cloud and 
others. 
 
They've tried, but the nature of the business is that it requires, while you can automate certain 
aspects of the workflow, the entirety of it cannot be. So, the -- we believe that some 
improvement in terms of productivity is what it will be up to about 30%, 35% is what we 
mapped out. And we already started using that. 
But overall, the business being a threat of disappearing because no one gives engineering work 
out anymore is, I believe that question has been answered. So, I don't believe that, that's under 
threat. 
Venkatasubramanian R.: 
Right. That's what I hear from industry players as well. But is it playing out on the ground? Do 
you have new inquiries coming? Do we have -- is our margin getting affected on the new bids? 
How is it playing out in reality? 
Aditya Rao: 
So, we -- as I mentioned, one of our customers, they are a multibillion-dollar firm in the U.S. 
that spent a lot and try to automate some work. It didn't go in the direction. So, I think right 
now, as it stands, we're running 3 shifts. We work Saturday, Sundays for our engineering work. 
And I think in the last quarter, it grew by about 26% of that revenue stream. So, they have high 
hopes for this as well. 
We've also done some hiring in this both in the U.S. and in India, but we've brought in senior 
professionals in the building information modeling space. So, as I mentioned, out of the 5 
growth vectors we have, this is 1 of them. We're quite confident that this continues to grow in 
scale. I'm not seeing a threat of not -- if any of those were getting automated or any of the man 
hours or auto man hours pricing reducing these are quite robust revenue stream in my view. 
Venkatasubramanian R.: 
Okay. There was some discussion about the Cadnum. I think one of the previous investors 
actually was referring to that. And after a long while we saw some mention of Cadnum in your 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
press release in terms of new orders, etcetera. What is your view? And what can we expect 
there? 
Aditya Rao: 
So Cadnum is our Aerospace business. It sits in our railway business. Railway is railways plus 
what we call aerospace machining and assembly and treatment and tooling. So that's the 
Cadnum business. it's stable right now. It's not growing. We're not deploying any capital into it 
anymore. So, it's effectively where it is. It's profitable. And like the rest of the railways business, 
like the rest of our legacy revenue streams, we are trying to find a way not to realize some value 
there. 
Venkatasubramanian R.: 
My second question is on the PEB business in India. What is it that we need to do to get the 
kind of profitability metrics and return on capital employed metrics that some of our competitors 
have. You spoke about this a couple of quarters back. There's a lot of difference on the capital 
employed side between and the competitor that we talk about. You said some work needs to be 
done a few quarters ago. Has there been some progress there? 
Aditya Rao: 
A lot of work has been done. We looked at the entirety of the process flow of the pre building. 
And we looked at what was different from our competitors. Key differences were a much higher 
advance percentage, which tends to reduce working capital at our competitors. We have still 
instituted that and advance percentage has now gone down to 25%. There's still some headwind 
for that to grow, but that at least is a massive improvement from where we were, which is closer 
to 5% to 10%. So that's one change. 
The second thing we did was engineering optimizations, so we can actually get post order 
booking perhaps a percentage of tool savings as well. It doesn't sound like much, but obviously, 
all of that flowing through the bottom-line needs. So that is something that can be a power over 
at efficiency, especially the net margins are single-digit percentages. So that's the second aspect 
of that. 
The nature of contracts we're trying to sign also has changed where we've now removed supply 
linkages to erection. They will be when we ship, we tend to -- there was an element in previous 
contracts where that money comes in only after certain milestones in the erection side have been 
met. And for whatever reason if the delays on the erection sites and that led to our accounts 
receivable being higher because we -- technically, that money was not due until we finish those 
milestones. 
We have not removed that because keeping with what our competitors are also doing. So, it's a 
combination of not 2, 3, it's many, many things. They are we are doing -- we are now in a place 
where because of those, you will slowly see our capital efficiency, especially our working 
capital will improve and will reduce and our operating margins will improve to a certain degree, 
which will bring us more in line with what our competitors are at. 
Venkatasubramanian R.: 
Okay. So, in terms of value and deliverable... 
Moderator: 
Sir may I request to kindly rejoin. 
Venkatasubramanian R.: 
I understand. Thank you. 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Sir, just wanted to understand, I mean, in terms of our strategy or in terms of focus, I mean, are 
we looking -- I mean, there's a lot of opportunity in aerospace and defense. I mean you just 
touched upon aerospace space. So, in precision engineering, are we focusing in these areas, I 
mean, as a strategy or -- so can you throw some light there? 
Aditya Rao: 
Sir, no, sir. I mean, I'm not denying that there are good opportunities for growth here, but I think 
they are focused on what we have chosen. Even if we execute on -- across our 5 growth vectors 
even if 3 or 4 of them hit, then we achieve our star long-term growth objectives and the profit 
objectives. So, while there are opportunities in the aerospace, could opportunity, it's not 
something we are looking to pursue, but we'll figure out a way with these legacy revenue 
streams, similar to what we have done with our solar business. 
If we can find a home for it so that it becomes somebody else's baby. We will explore that. But 
as of right now, we are looking to see what is the best way for us to achieve that. But growing 
it with our capital, our management manners would not be big. So right now, they're in steady 
state mode, not capital, no capital but no capex going into those in any material sense. But they 
are strong, stable and profitable relative even our Aerospace business is profitable good 
businesses, but it's not our job to scale them anymore. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. Got it. And in terms of growth, I mean, from now the first quarter, you mentioned there 
was some slowness in a few of the sectors, right, even the PEB U.S. and the India as well, you 
saw some slowness. But now as you alluded that second quarter onwards, you will see growth 
in both given the strong order book that we have in both the PEB in U.S. So sequential growth 
is what one can envisage, I mean, as we go ahead in coming quarters as we go ahead into FY27? 
Aditya Rao: 
I think you can look at -- I mean, if you sequential, I think, is what you mentioned. Q1 to Q2, 
you should expect growth. Yes, you should expect double-digit growth in revenue and 
profitability. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. And how about 3Q and 4Q? 
Aditya Rao: 
I mean, as I said, I mean, our model is that it's not that our order backlog goes away, right? I 
mean, if you which is map out what we have in PEB India, PEB U.S. to INR1,008 crores, $100 
million. All of that is something that has to be done in the near term in the next few quarters, 
right? So, it will sustain for the medium term, it will sustain high growth rates or order backlogs. 
We just have to execute on all of that. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. And I mean, if you have to look at some of the peers, I mean over in the PEB space, I 
think most of them, we have seen a growth of around 20%, 25%, right? So why -- I mean though 
you did mention that you have a legacy business, right? But what stops us that from growing 
those levels? I mean can you give your comment on that? 
Aditya Rao: 
We're not at 25%. But if you -- if the legacy business reduction, if that is accounted for, then we 
are -- I mean, around those levels. It's not 25%, but I think I believe it's 16% or 17%. We don't 
have that number right now. But yes, it is -- it isn't that we are not in the same revenue growth 

 
Pennar Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
metric or range that they are in. But we are confident of our model. I mean just PV U.S. will 
beat that 25% also. So, it's just execution. We just need to execute. 
We've had some issues because of the unique way we have structured some of our businesses, 
specifically PV India over the last few quarters. We're looking, learning. Sometimes those 
transitions take a few quarters, but we are committed to growing. I mean -- and our strong order 
backlog demonstrates that we can go into the market and get our orders. So, we'll ensure that 
we improve our output. both in India and the U.S. and grow and scale revenue. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Correct. But our PEB India and PEB U.S. segment has grown 16%, 17%, I mean, together? 
Aditya Rao: 
That is... 
Shrikant Bhakkad: 
Close to 20%, it has grown -- the custom design building solutions, if you see the details that 
we have given it to close to 16%. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Close to 16%. Okay. That's very helpful, sir. 
Aditya Rao: 
It's more or less the same. I don't see us as being laggards to the market, at least from a revenue 
growth standpoint in these mixes. But more will come. It will improve, but it in this quarter -- 
next quarter with the order backlog wasn't 100 million in Q1, it is now, right? It wasn't $100 
million in Q1 is only about $70 million. So larger order backlog, more execution capacity equals 
revenue. That's revenue growth. That's the question here you want to ensure we realize. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question. And I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Understood. That’s very helpful sir. That would be from my side. Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question. And I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you. 
Aditya Rao: 
Thank you to all of you for your questions. We will continue to execute on our plan. In the 
interim, I think a lot -- so there are some questions which were we weren't able to get to. My 
apologies for that. We will keep an open line of communication, so that I and the rest of the 
team can address some of these. 
My takeaways from this are to ensure that we execute on our growth plans, convert that large 
order backlog into revenue. And with your support, I'm hopeful that we will achieve our goals 
for this financial year, and we will look to execute on our plans. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Phillip Capital India Private Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
