 
 
 
Control Print Limited, C-106, Hind Saurashtra Industrial Estate, Andheri-Kurla Road, Marol Naka, Andheri (East), Mumbai 400059, India 
t. +91 22 28599065 / 66938900 | f. +91 2228528272 | e. ho@controlprint.com I w.www.controlprint.com  
CIN. L22219MH1991PLC059800 
MUMBAI (Regd.Office). AHMEDABAD. BENGALURU. CHANDIGARH. CHENNAI. COLOMBO. DELHI. GUWAHATI 
HYDERABAD. JAMSHEDPUR. KOLKATA. NALAGARH. PUNE. 
 
 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
 
To, 
The Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers,Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code – 522295 
The Listing Compliance Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol - CONTROLPR 
 
 
Ref: Transcript of Q1FY2027 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Sub: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirement), Regulations 2015  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirement) Regulations, 2015, read with para A of part A of Schedule III 
thereof, please find attached Transcript of the Conference Call with the Investors / 
Shareholders of Control Print Limited (‘the Company’) fixed through Kaptify Consulting held 
on Friday, July 24, 2026 at 12:00 P.M. IST on Q1FY2027 of the Company. 
 
Further, the said Transcript will be made available on Company’s website at 
www.controlprint.com. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Control Print Limited 
 
 
 
___________________ 
Murli Manohar Thanvi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Place: Mumbai  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Murli 
Manohar 
Thanvi
Digitally signed by 
Murli Manohar 
Thanvi 
Date: 2026.07.29 
17:31:08 +05'30'

 
 
 
CONTROL PRINT LIMITED 
 
Q1 FY27 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Shiva Kabra - Joint Managing Director 
Mr. Jaideep Barve - Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor 
Relations team, I welcome you all to the Q1 FY 2027 Post-Earnings 
Conference Call of Control Print Limited. Today on the call from the 
management we have with us Mr. Shiva Kabra, Joint Managing 
Director and Mr. Jaideep Barve, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded. 
 
I would now request the management to detail us about the business 
and performance highlights for the quarter ended June 2026, the 
growth perspective vision for the coming year, post which we will 
open the floor for Q&A. During the Q&A session, you will have the 
option to put a question in the Q&A box, instead of the chat window. 
So over to the management team to give their opening remarks. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Thanks, Vinay. Good afternoon, everybody. I am Jaideep Barve, the 
Chief Financial Officer of Control Print Limited. Welcome, 
everybody to the earnings conference call for the first quarter of FY 
2026-2027. We appreciate that you have taken out time from your 
busy schedule to attend this call. Mr. Shiva Kabra, the Joint Managing 
Director of Control Print Limited, also joins me on this call. 
 
For the first-time joiners, more information about our company can be 
obtained by visiting our website. Just for information, the detailed 
presentation has already been put up on our website, as well as in the 
investor presentation notification on the exchanges for this call. Let 
me provide you some highlights of the performance of CPL on a 
standalone basis for the first quarter. On a standalone basis, the total 
revenue in the first quarter is approximately ₹107 crores. 
 
Just for information, the total revenue for the last three full financial 
years was ₹460 crores, ₹395 crores, ₹347 crores, and ₹295 crores 
respectively. Out of the total revenue, the operating revenue for the 
standalone financial statements is approximately ₹105 crores. This 
was approximately ₹100 crores in the Q1 of the previous year. Coding 
& Marking continues to be the most significant business segment. 
 
It contributes about 95% of the total operating revenue. The business 
outlook for Coding & Marking for the next three quarters is 
promising. New customers are getting added to our portfolio. We are 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 25 
 
having new solutions in printers, inks, and cartridges, and we are also 
hopeful of improving the contribution margin. Pipes, food, dairy, 
cable, FMCG, steel and metal, and wood are our top-performing 
business verticals. We continue to be market leaders in cement, 
plywood, sugar, and dairy. 
 
The business outlook remains bold for the Track & Trace division. 
New solutions have been developed. Acquisition of new customers is 
another plus point. We are getting good traction in the co-packing 
activities in the Packaging division. A pipeline is being generated for 
the laminates business as well as for the co-packaging activities. The 
management of this division is strengthened, and operations are more 
tightly controlled now. 
 
The mask lab has now been operating as a PPE and a safety division, 
along with masks, hats, flash suits, helmets, gloves, blankets, etc., are 
also sold in this quarter. New customers are also being added. On a 
standalone basis, the cost of goods sold is about 42% of the operating 
revenue for the first quarter. This was 44% in the first quarter of the 
previous year. Manufacturing costs remain at 3% of the operating 
revenue. 
 
This is in line with the prior periods. Depreciation is also 
approximately 4% of the operating revenue, which is consistent with 
the earlier periods. On a consolidated basis, the operating revenue is 
₹115 crores in the first quarter, corresponding to ₹111 crores in the 
first quarter of the previous year. The cost of goods sold is 
approximately 43%. It was 42% in the prior year. On the overall basis, 
management still remains committed to improve the revenue as well 
as optimise the procurement costs. 
 
We are also looking closely into the economy, efficiency, and 
effectiveness of the operations. This, we feel, can definitely lead to a 
reduction in the operating costs and increase in the profitability. The 
way forward for Control Print is to consolidate the Coding & Marking 
business. We aim to increase the installed base, provide robust 
solutions. Recently, an increase in the prices has also been 
implemented. 
 
We would be developing new solutions and also capitalise the 
available market opportunities in the Track & Trace segment. We 
expect an increased revenue in the Packaging business, both in India 
and overseas, through the sale of machines, co-packaging, and 
laminate sales. We are also considering a distributor model for the 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 
Packaging business. All our overseas subsidiaries will be continued to 
be monitored with focused growth targets. Business plans have been 
mandated for execution for them. With this, I leave the floor open for 
questions from the audience. Thank you. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. All 
those who wish to ask a question, please use the option of raise hand. 
If you are unable to ask a question, raise hand, you can put your 
questions in the Q&A box. And I would request the participants to 
limit questions to two per participant. We'll take the first question 
from Samarth Singh. Please go ahead. 
 
Samarth Singh: 
Thanks for taking my question. I just have one question. Yes, Shiva 
had made a statement regarding the V-Shapes business. He said it is 
not a demand issue, but rather an execution issue. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, Samarth, can you please continue? Or your question is over? 
You said that Shiva mentioned that it's not a demand issue, but it's 
more of an execution issue. Is that your question? 
 
Samarth Singh: 
So my question was, if you could just drill down on that in terms of 
the demand. If you could talk about who the potential customers are. 
Is it one customer, many customers? What geographies are these 
customers from? What industries and use cases would they be? I'm 
just trying to understand whether we are still trying to convince clients 
of the use case or there's a large market now that can be serviced, it is 
just a matter of executing on the same. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Okay. Going back to the demand question. What happened is, 
initially, we purchased CP Italy. Obviously, everyone's very bullish 
about it. We increased our sales team, and we made a few sales around 
the co-packaging and the machines. What's happening is they didn't 
perform that well. We sold some stuff, but it didn't work up to the 
expectations, is what I would say. 
 
Or we had to produce it in-house because our operators or the 
operators in CP Italy are like. This is a more finicky system. If people 
make one product continuously, it works well. If you make a change 
of products, we make multiple products, the system has to be adjusted 
each time. Unless you've got an operator who's willing to go through 
that, or a series of operators willing to go through that steep learning 
curve, the system is not reliable enough as of previously. 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 25 
 
 
So what happened was, the point is not to sell the machines and not 
get the repeat business because customers feel that it's too difficult to 
use or sometimes the packet doesn't open perfectly 100 out of 100 
times. It only opens perfectly, well, 95 out of 100 times or even worse, 
one packet leaks and then there's some products spilled on the rest of 
the packs in the same carton and so on, so you can imagine that. What 
we've been really focusing on is improving our own co-packaging and 
improving the machine so that we can meet those types of customer 
requirements. 
 
And if everything runs smoothly, like I said, there are many customers 
who approached us, and maybe I'll also do a lot of co-packaging 
business. Yeah, there's a learning curve that's there. The primary 
market, of course, food is the biggest. It's quite price sensitive. 
Pharmaceutical is the best market, but it has a long gestation period, 
and we've got some good customers there. We've got some good cases 
there, but it's a longer gestation period type of business because of the 
qualification that goes. 
 
I think that if you ask me, cosmetics and nutraceuticals are the two 
biggest target industries in terms of the fact that price is not an issue 
and there's a clear use case. Not only like an aesthetic benefit, but also 
functional benefit for those types of brands, in that they can perfectly 
control their dosing and so on. 
 
Of course, there's an individual barrier for each product and so on. So 
what's happened is, even right now, I was at Interpack earlier this year, 
and there's a lot of customers interested. I just want to make sure that 
the product is something that is successful. Because what happens is, 
if you create a poor reputation in the market, and this is what 
happened with V-Shapes prior to our purchase. They did sell. Their 
peak sales in 2021, there was more than €12.5 million. What happened 
was that there's more than 70 machines in the market, but most of 
them are not running because the system was too fiddly. 
 
Honestly, each machine is slightly different from the previous. It's 
very Italian thing. It's been a challenge, but we are trying to fix it. But 
I don't think that if we fix the issue, the problem is going to be that 
customers are not interested in the product. That was yesterday's. 
Yeah, of course. I don't know how many of you are aware of the AGM 
questions from yesterday. I think the question was, talking about V-
Shapes, and what I see for the future of that business. I said the 
demand is there for that product. It's just that we're not able to execute 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 
well enough or confidently enough. Therefore, if the demand was an 
issue, I would agree that, yes, we need to relook at that entire 
investment. 
 
If the demand is not an issue and we can see that if we can execute, 
there is going to be a large profitable market potential at this thing and 
a very big scope, then the focus right now is on improving our 
execution. I hope this answers the question. 
 
Samarth Singh: 
Just one follow-up on that, Shiva. As of today, where we stand, we are 
still trying to perfect the machines, or we have sort of closed that gap 
now and now we just need to sort of execute in terms of sales and just 
getting the product out there? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Right now, I think let's see our own internal production in India and in 
Italy for the co-packaging, that's quite stable because we have people. 
Those guys are much more trained, right? They're technicians, so 
they're aware of what's happening. When we sell the machine, I think 
if the person making a single product, I'm packing like, what? 10 
grams of honey, and I'm making that same pack again and again. I 
think it's very stable. This is a good product. But if I'm going to 
change from a 10-gram pack of honey to a 20-gram pack of honey, 
and then I'm going to pack something else with a different viscosity of 
six, seven, and it's too difficult for users to do. The wastage just 
becomes too high. It's not like it can't be done. 
 
It is copy but it is also because we're doing like 100 lot runs. The 
experience that those guys have is quite different. So that's the 
situation right now. Obviously, the idea is to make it that anyone can 
run any group at any time, and it's 100% stable. We're not through 
with the machine challenges, if that's what your question is. 
 
Samarth Singh: 
Got you. Thank you. Thank you for that answer. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Mr. Saket Kapoor. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Namaskar Shivaji, Jaideep, Namaskar. And thank you, firstly for the 
opportunity. Just to take the conversation forward for where we left 
yesterday evening. Shiva, the first question is addressed to you. In 
continuation to what Samarth was asking, you used the phrase there 
that we are now moving from terrible to poor. If you could just 
explain, this is what you meant for the V-Shapes, this CP performance 
going ahead, that we still have the treating problem. 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 25 
 
 
Rather, I would also frame my questions in just a more broader way. 
In the opening remark, Jaideep did alluded to the fact of how the 
performance was. Shiva, if you could just take a few minute and 
explain to us how our core domestic business have performed in terms 
of on a comparable basis. 
 
If we exclude the one-off items, the profitability has also taken a dip. 
Firstly, if you could just give us some broader picture of where we 
stand today in the core business and then the health of the subsidiary 
and the way forward for us. If you could just summarise it in a more 
precise manner, addressing as you have addressed yesterday to your 
shareholders, that would suffice many points and then I will put 
forward my question. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Okay, Saket. It's a very broad question. I will try to address it. 
Fundamentally, the difference in the profit before on a standalone 
basis, one is partly down to some foreign exchange gains or something 
or the other. There's still a slight gap after that, is what I believe. I'm 
not going to the exceptional items or something, because that was a 
one-off. Like I said clearly last year in the AGM yesterday, 
fundamentally nothing has really changed in the market between what 
I feel in the last couple of years and this year so far. 
 
My view is that we lost maybe a few crores worth of consumer sales 
because of this whole Iran thing. There's been a lot of fluctuation of 
volume or prices. And I think that that's why the extrusion business 
specifically was very slow plus whatever question on El Niño and 
whatnot so. No excuse. I think that from whatever I see in our core 
Coding & Marking business standalone, we are still going to do as 
well, or not as well, but I don't see any major as of right now, changes 
as compared to what I'm seeing in the last three, four years post-
COVID. I think we should be consistent in that business, at least this 
year and the next year, from whatever I know from our pipeline. 
 
So, yeah, of course, on a quarter-to-quarter basis, it's difficult to 
predict, but by the end of the year, we would expect the core Coding 
& Marking business to be anywhere between that 10%, 12%, 15% 
growth numbers in that specific standalone Coding & Marking 
business. We did have a couple of cost increases. So what we've 
noticed is, prior to COVID, the prices for our products were very 
stable for all the imports. I don't know what's happening since 
COVID. I feel like a lot of cost increases are not temporary anymore. 
They've become very sticky. And suppliers are exploiting the fact that 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 25 
 
these are qualified products on our part. And we are very reluctant to 
change suppliers. Or for whatever reason, costs have increased. 
 
We've been a bit slow in understanding. I mean, we're like not very 
aggressive in our pricing. We are a little bit more Japanese in that 
style, that we charge what is the correct price rather than charging 
what is the maximum price before you feel the pinch. So yeah, but we 
have had a couple of price increases. One price increase. And we had 
a surcharge since the Iran war began. So I think those things should 
get our margins back up that couple of percent maybe we've lost. So I 
think this covers maybe some questions on the standalone Coding & 
Marking business. 
 
Now, if you can repeat the rest of the questions that you wanted to 
address. The way forward of what? 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
I want you to address us on the status of the health of, firstly, the 
subsidiary companies today. What is likelihood the roadmap? Give 
and take, the business environment, the sentiment, and unknown 
factor. There is definitely a very strong and a concrete plan with which 
you and your team is working. And whatever can be explained to us in 
the most simple way, please do try to elaborate on the same rather 
than being only conservative on the fact that something or the other 
cannot be spoken. But I'm just trying to make sense of -- we as 
investors understanding where our company stand in terms of our 
investment in the subsidiary part. And how much more are we going 
to invest in the current year to support the operations there? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. Again, like I said, with Markprint, we've picked up the digital 
printing part. We also have our own digital printing solutions in 
Control Print. I don't know if it's on our website. We've localised our 
own solutions. Part of it is, of course, using the technology we 
absorbed from Markprint, and we're selling these solutions actively. 
 
So it's a big part of our business right now or our future growth 
strategy, and we expect to get a lot of sales. And we've already got 
some sales, and we expect this to be a big growth area for us going 
forward. So that is one of the core reasons to invest in Markprint. 
Markprint itself is doing well. We expect them to do better. I mean, so 
definitely, I expect that business to pick up further. Codeology, we've 
taken over the Print and Apply business, and we've localised that, and 
now that's product available for sale. 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 25 
 
Someone did mention about printing on cartons, and the market for 
that, for printing barcodes, whether linear or 2D on cartons for supply 
chain tracking. That is the single biggest application globally. So out 
of the $7 billion or $8 billion Coding & Marking market, about 30% 
to 40% of it is printing on the outer cartons, both with Print and Apply 
or with our piezo inkjet printers. So to print barcodes and to trace 
them through the supply chain and use it for warehouse management. 
Now in India, this is not there as of yet because it's a kirana store 
network. I don't know if it's going to change. I don't know what's 
happening, because I've been working on this application for at least 
15 years. I've gone to customers, like whether it's Unilever or Godrej 
or Procter & Gamble and God knows whoever. And it's always been 
interesting, but it's never been like, we need to do it. 
 
So even though they do it abroad. So I don't know. It's normally the 
retail chains that specify this barcode, but I think DMart and Reliance 
Retail and those types of guys still don't have enough market share to 
enforce this on their suppliers. And the smaller suppliers anyways, 
like hand-based labels and other stuff like that, so that's another 
competition. But yeah, the Print and Apply have a lot of industry and 
other applications, especially in exports and other stuff. Our 
competitors do about ₹25 crores to ₹30 crores of Print and Apply sales 
each, from whatever I know. And obviously, that's something that we 
are missing that market entirely. So from this is obviously the base 
here, and we also expect that we needed to be in this market. So that 
was one of the main things of the Codeology acquisition. And 
separately, how we address the British market is something we've not 
super focused on, but now we're going to focus on it much more 
intensely. 
 
So the third part, which is, of course, the big one, which is CP Italy. 
Like I said, it's been a big area for us. We have started streamlining 
costs. We have reduced some manpower. We are reducing some 
further manpower, and we're supplementing certain resources. So 
we've increased our sales manpower. We've reduced a lot of general 
purpose people in what you can call as like operations and back office, 
and we continue to do that. And we've increased the salespeople, and 
we've decreased lumps, like people in the technical team, we've 
increased some people in India. So there's more of a combination of 
work going on between India and there. And started using some more 
outside consultants who are experts in certain areas to help us get over 
some teething issues. 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 25 
 
So like I said, I think that once the machines are, final changes are 
made and tested, if everything works, then I think we'll be in a much 
better position to execute some of the sales orders that we have and be 
confident that it's going to work perfectly. So I think that from all 
areas, I do believe that things are going smoothly. Like I said, there's 
differences in both those things. CP and MEA FZE is more of a sales 
outlet for us. And our international sales are increasing. That's doing 
okay. I'd say, like, we probably already going to break even this year 
itself and our whatever investments we made in the international 
businesses. 
 
The investment, of course, has to be looked at because a lot of times 
for our international sales, we sell from India directly to those 
customers, even though those salespeople are based outside of India. 
So it's a bit tricky to get the exact picture, necessarily bill it through 
our subsidiaries. 
 
Yeah. Overall, I'd say the packaging industry this year is more of a 
streamlining activity. It's more of stabilising everything, stabilising the 
quality, growing the sales, and being solid, and really focusing on 
expanding that business next year onwards. The Track & Trace 
business, the Q2 score of the business is where we were working on 
some pilot projects. We're going to get a fair idea of where those 
projects are in Q2, and whether our unique propositions are working 
as we believe they should in the market and as per the customer 
expectations. And we'll get a lot more visibility on that set of 
solutions. 
 
Again, both like in the Packaging, in the thing, we've got like a lot of 
patents around all the solutions that we're delivering. So I think that if 
we are successful, we have like very long runway in those types of 
solutions. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Only to add to it. When we say that if we will be successful, if the 
sales will happen, when you being leading the team, is not confident 
or not using the phrase, what should investors take home from the 
understanding? There has to be some concrete evidence of the 
business fundamentals that you are working on. So there should be 
revision upward or downward in terms of sale. But if word does not 
make good to us whether we are on the track or not. I'm trying to 
make sense and make myself understand, when you yourself leading 
the entire operation is using the phrase, if the sales happen. What 
should we take home? It can be a variation. You may say that we may 
be doing, say X revenue, and that may go up or down by 10% to 15%. 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 25 
 
But if we use the phrase that whether the sales will happen, if they will 
happen, then we are not confident on what we are trying to sell or 
what we are trying to do. I'm unable to understand what exactly is 
being communicated. I hope, I have been able to explain my thought. 
 
Moderator: 
Saketji, please rejoin the queue. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
No, I will rejoin the queue, but my message and the reply is what I'm 
looking for it. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Let the management answer this question. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, let's complete. And no more further questions as of now. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Saketji, it's a fair question. Again, my answer is that, see, I can't 
predict anything. We don't operate on intent, feelings, and all this 
other type of stuff. When I get a firm purchase order also, I don't talk 
about it. When I get the payment, and the job is completed and the 
customer signed off, that's when Control Print considers a sale and a 
success. So I withdrew from the Packaging business, I said that slow 
down on the sales, don't do all this stuff. I don't care about the losses, 
because first you're going to fix everything. It's going to work 
perfectly. Control Print is here for the next 10 years, 20 years. Past 
when Shiva Kabra, there's going to be some other person there. Past 
when Jaideep Barve is there's going to be someone else there, and 
we're like an institution. 
 
And I don't care about selling machines which are not going to work 
perfectly. So I have to be very clear that I can only be relatively 
confident on the standalone Coding & Marking business. Like I said, I 
know that we should have a steady growth. We should be at that 60% 
gross margin, 30% EBIT margin on that business if I take out the 
investments in other parts of the business. This year, I hope, again, 
like I said, in the end, I'm not making the evaluation. I have worked on 
a product. Our team has focused on it. We have done what we think is 
something leading. But in the end, it's the customer who's going to 
decide whether he believes in this. So I think, I have to be very clear, 
like I mean we are shareholders, and I understand where this is 
coming from. 
 
But at the end of the day, like the customers, our reputation, our 
technical expertise, and the development of that, our employees, like 
I'll have to look at all of those factors and I'll have to look at it over a 
longer period of time rather than saying that I need to make an 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 25 
 
immediate announcement for the comfort of shareholders. Because if I 
make an announcement and I don't live up to it, then I don't want us to 
lose credibility. I don't want us to sell machines which don't have 
performance, even if that helps boost sales in the short term, but helps 
damage my long-term reputation. 
 
So I'll just have to repeat my thing. I don't expect the packaging to be 
a major contributor. I do expect that sales to improve, losses to 
narrow, because we are then now getting much better pickup in the co-
packaging business. And the second, of course, we've also got a bigger 
pipeline because we've also been working on these projects for longer. 
That's one part of it. And I do definitely expect, like I said, we're 
working on some pilot trials, and there's no point working in giving to 
every customer in the market, because I've already got two, three key 
customers. They're giving me the feedback I require, making the 
changes. We're working with them. I don't see the point of making a 
lot of announcements. If I can't keep these customers happy and 
they're not finding some benefit in the market, then obviously my 
reading of what developments I need to do was incorrect. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Disha Sheth. Please go 
ahead. Disha? We'll move on to Saloni Arya. Please go ahead. 
 
Saloni Arya: 
Good afternoon. So Mr. Shiva, most of the big picture and broader 
questions have already been asked by Saketji. I'll just get to the 
specific segments and specific developments. So I'll start with the 
Track & Trace division first. In the earlier calls and presentations, we 
have been updating that, we've been in negotiations with two of the 
large pharma companies, and it was at the final stage. So currently, 
what is the update on that? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. That's what I said earlier. Right now, we've run some pilots, 
with a couple of machines. We are putting the stuff in the market. This 
is the pharmaceutical industry, I just want to explain to everyone. 
They are very specific. So for us to go through the IQ, DQ, PQ, and 
then put the product out in the market, and then they put it on a 
controlled supply chain. They're going to get the feedback from their 
controlled supply chain, some additional trials will be run, and then, 
these three customers will get back to us on what their final thoughts 
are. They're three different customers, we can have three different 
outcomes. We don't know. 
 
Saloni Arya: 
Do we have a tentative timeline as to when we can see sales coming 
from this division? It's been long overdue. 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 25 
 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So I think that this division is already, like in the plain vanilla Track & 
Trace, we are already doing a certain amount of sales, maybe close to 
₹20 crores or something, and we're already profitable or at least 
breakeven. The innovative stuff, which is what our main focus on, is 
underway. 
 
Like I said, in the end, each customer has their own process and cycle, 
and maybe we've gone for some of the most thorough but slowest 
customers that are there in the thing. That's good because, honestly, 
there has been a lot of feedback from them. There's been a lot of 
improvements in development from our side. I think we're going with 
a far more mature product, over this 1.5 year, two year period that 
we're working on this. 
 
Saloni Arya: 
You said ₹20 crores in this quarter we have done. Last year, I'm 
assuming we didn't do any… 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
₹20 crores in the last financial year. I'm sorry. 
 
Saloni Arya: 
₹20 crores in the last financial year. Okay. What about this quarter? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Must be in a similar line. I'll have to get the exact breakup, but it 
would be similar, I would think. 
 
Saloni Arya: 
Okay. Any specific reason that standalone business has not performed 
well this quarter? I know you have addressed this in terms of the cost 
increase and the geopolitical issues, but any specific reason for such a 
huge impact on standalone sales, as in the growth has not been there 
only this quarter? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Like I said, I think it's partly because of Iran or the polymer prices 
changing. The extrusion industry is our biggest sale. The extrusion is 
our biggest sale, and I think because of some of those things, 
especially, are more cyclical. I think because maybe your price is 
going up and down, I think there's been a little bit of a lack or slower 
production in that area. I see it going back to normal right now. For 
whatever, like I said, over the course of the year, I'm pretty sure we're 
normal. 
 
Saloni Arya: 
In terms of the long-term view of the business, obviously these 
quarterly impacts from the geopolitical issue don't matter. Now it's 
mattering because we have been invested so much in the subsidiaries, 
and that has been a pain point, basically from a top-line perspective as 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 25 
 
well as on the operational profitability. The reason I'm asking this is 
because, if, for example, it takes much more longer for V-Shapes and 
Track & Trace to pick up and the base business itself, which was 
giving a steady number, starts to basically dwindle a little. So I would 
need to understand your thought process on this as to how you are 
trying to balance it all out, from the operations perspective. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So I don't think we're increasing our investments in other businesses 
as of right now. Like I said, I do believe that the standalone Coding & 
Marking business is steady, from whatever I can see, because 
obviously I get a lot of data and access to the CRM and other types of 
stuff, and of course, we have our own reviews. So we are confident of 
what we are going to do still this year, and there's no major market 
outlook. Even if we have to understand that today if I'm making, like, 
if I didn't get ₹5 crores out of consumable sales this quarter because it 
got delayed, and I got 85% margin on that, and we add that ₹5 crores 
and the 85%, the numbers look different. If it's pushed out to the 
second quarter, third quarter, to us, it doesn't make any difference, 
personally speaking. 
 
So I think the standalone business is, like I said, the engine, and we 
are absolutely sure that that engine is not under any effect because so 
far people still need their date codes and batch codes and all this other 
type of information. Of course, like I said, there's no guarantee on 
anything. In the end, if the government changes the rules and 
regulations, even that business can be impacted. As of right now, we 
don't see any upcoming legislation on those areas. I think that that 
business it's predictable and steady, and we retain our market shares 
and slightly increasing, if anything, over a period of time. 
 
Saloni Arya: 
We are not expecting to invest any further. We've invested around ₹65 
crores in V-Shapes till date. No more investments from us? And no 
more cash burn expected? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I think, the update in one of the previous meetings, we're now doing 
the tech transfer. So we'll be purchasing it so that all the IP is shifted 
to Control Print. And we have to revalue the IP in Control Print Italy. 
It's also going to be relevant because it's all 100% subsidiary in the 
sales and whatever. In a way it is like, yeah, there will be a cash 
element going there and the IP coming here. This is pretty much going 
to be the last ever infusion from what we know, for our own internal 
calibrations are. 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 25 
 
Saloni Arya: 
Right. Because if I see this quarter's number. Just one last question 
and I'll get back in the queue. So if I see this quarter's numbers, the 
trajectory in terms of top-line from subsidiary's perspective as well as 
the losses that has been incurred has remained the same. Last time I 
met with Mr. Barve in a one-on-one meeting, so he basically specified 
that this year we basically have to do something about it, that V-
Shapes has to pick up because a lot more cash has been invested. 
 
Along with that, a lot of challenges have been already faced by the 
company in V-Shapes, like the RM is still imported and 
standardisation is still causing an issue. There are certain execution 
challenges. So just to get an overall picture on this V-Shapes part, 
when can we actually expect the numbers to materially improve? 
 
Because in case of Track & Trace, the market size I assume is ₹600 
crores, and whenever these things click, we'll reach a certain point. 
But V-Shapes is what is basically providing the company an 
opportunity to get to the next level. So I'm trying to understand the 
pain points and what specific strategies have we adopted to really 
overcome them and overcome them fast. So I'm sorry it's a long 
question, but just trying to get your perspective on this. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So just to answer your question, obviously when we talk about V-
Shapes, the idea was to focus on the team there, strengthen the 
marketing and sales in India. With some cross-border stuff, we made 
some sales. We had some good initial success, then we weren't able to 
sustain it because of consistency, other types of issues. So we said, 
we'll take a bit slow. What we've done is we've started streamlining 
some costs. Like I said, there's been a decrease in the number of 
people there. Rather there's been three or four people who've left, and 
we've added three or four people in sales. Maybe it's not an overall, I 
don't know what the numbers are, but the focus has shifted from 
keeping more people in operations, back office and other stuff which 
is not required into more into strengthening our sales and marketing 
network there. 
 
We are closely interacting much more with India. We have a person 
that we've got in India who is basically spending a lot more time in 
Italy, and hopefully if he gets his Blue Card soon, he will be based 
there. So we've got a very sharp guy, too. So he's helping streamline 
all the business processes and operations there and improving the 
coordination between India and Italy and in the future, between North 
America and Taiwan and everything else like that. 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 25 
 
So we're working very actively on that. Like I said, we are also not 
through with some of the streamlining of expenses and manpower, so 
we are also working further on that. It's not going to show a result in 
this year because even if, I mean, the severance pay and all, it's like 
about a year of salary or whatever it is. 
 
In the end, even if you reduce your lower cost in the longer term, the 
expenses will still be there for this year. And like I said, I think as we 
are focused on improving our product execution, that's going to make 
a difference. We are working on the material manufacturing here. 
We've had some hiccup with UNNATI in the northeast, where we 
were making an expansion in the existing factory or facility in 
Guwahati, because the government has claimed that the funds have 
run out of that scheme. 
 
So we are still moving ahead with our manufacturing of the materials 
in-house, both for consistency, but also for improving our margin 
sharply on the materials. We believe that is another demand obstacle. 
One is the consistency of the machinery, which we want to improve, 
and the speed and the performance. 
 
The second part is of course, the cost per pack. Especially in the food 
industry, this is a bottleneck. I think step by step, we're moving 
forward and it's working out well. Like I said, I think I'm hoping that 
we see some benefits this year and definitely next year. And like I 
said, in the Track & Trace, what we want to do is try to do some stuff 
which redefines the industry into these codes and we're going to see 
how successful we are in not too long from now. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I request the participants to limit their question to one per 
participant. We'll take the next question from Badri Narayana Ravi. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Badri Narayana Ravi: 
From my side, I have two questions. So can I know what is the printer 
sales for this quarter? If I see from last 12 quarters, our revenue top-
line growth year-on-year, it's in worst case, it's 9.10%. Why it's cost 
4%, this 4% growth this quarter? What is the root cause? Because it's 
more predictable cash flow we can expect in standalone basis. And I 
want to know the, what is the profitability number of our subsidiary 
Codeology and Markprint. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah. So Badri, I could only hear the first part very clearly. You asked 
about the volume of the printers which are sold in the first quarter, 
right? Yeah, Mr. Badri Narayana? 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 25 
 
 
Moderator: 
Yes. His question was that. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
So we sold 574 printers in the first quarter. 
 
Badri Narayana Ravi: 
Yes. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Mr. Badri Narayana, does it answer your question? The first quarter 
we sold… 
 
Badri Narayana Ravi: 
Yes. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Can you just repeat? Because I could not hear the next questions 
properly. 
 
Badri Narayana Ravi: 
Next question. If you see our last 12 quarters, our revenue growth has 
been consistently about 10%. This quarter's 4% on standalone basis. 
So what is the root cause? Because it's more a predictable business. 
It's a predictable business. How we are seeing next quarter, which 
quarter. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Okay. An answer to your question, Mr. Badri Narayana is that, like in 
every business, the Q4 is the most prominent aspect of every business. 
Most of the sales happen in the end of March. So what happens is that 
the first quarter is always a little bit slower for even our kind of 
business. And our business was also affected by sluggish trend in the 
pipes and extrusion business, where most of our consumables are 
used. The, as a result of, like decrease in the momentum of the 
business in the extrusion and the pipes and the cables, the demand for 
the consumables was lesser because the printing didn't happen on the 
pipeline. But hopefully, we'll catch up with that very soon. 
 
The business outlook for the next three quarters for the Coding & 
Marking is stable and we'll definitely come up with better numbers 
than the first quarter. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Vinit Thakur. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Vinit Thakur: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. I joined late, so I missed a little 
opening remarks. Could you shed some light why is there so margin 
compressions so much? And what would be our sustainable margin 
for this year? 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 25 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
So in the Coding & Marking business, our margins have not changed 
much because if you look at the overall profitability and if you 
compare it to Q1 of the last year, for the standalone business, except 
for the foreign exchange fluctuations, there's not much of a change in 
the PBT. 
 
So we are quite confident of, like, retaining the same trend for 
forthcoming year. The Q2, Q3 and Q4 business is on a positive trend. 
That's for us. So we are not overly bothered about it, bottom line. Our 
standalone coding business, the margins have remained more or less 
constant. But yes, there was a slight decrease in the trend in the sale of 
consumables in the first quarter, which I just mentioned in the prior 
question. Hopefully, that should have, like, that will be eased out. The 
last worry we would have is, the standalone business and Coding & 
Marking happens to be our bread and butter business, that is doing 
fine. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Raj Vyas. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Raj Vyas: 
Yeah. Thank you. I have just two quick questions. One is that we have 
also mentioned that the Track & Trace segment is expected to gain 
strong momentum, and we have recently read some articles where the 
government is also agreeing to the 1,000 drug makers for this QR code 
thing. So just wanted to understand what is the total addressable 
market for the same, and where we are currently and what is our focus 
going ahead. This is one question. I'll ask another question if after this 
you answer. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah. You asked about the total addressable market or the target 
market for the Track & Trace. I would imagine it's about ₹500 crores 
to ₹550 crores. Does that answer your question, Raj? 
 
Raj Vyas: 
Yeah. Where we are currently, like how much is the revenue coming 
for Control Print from this segment? If you can give the breakup. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
No, no. Can you repeat the question? I just gone to the bathroom. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
He was asking about the TAM for Track & Trace. I said it was ₹500 
crores. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. Right now, yes, it's about a ₹600 crores market, the Track & 
Trace. This is including not just the printers, but of course I'm talking 
about the equipment in the line and the software. It's about a ₹600 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 25 
 
crores a year market. We were about ₹20 crores last year. And what 
was the rest of the question again? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
He's saying that, I mean, how are we progress and what's our market 
share as of now? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So we are ₹20 crores. The market was ₹600 crores. There are going to 
be two different levers of growth potentially, Raj. So one is that the, 
like I said, we're working on some unique propositions, which will 
both expand the market and hopefully expand our market share, both 
factors. We'll find out and I'll disclose more maybe in the Q3 
presentation, depending on what outcomes I'll see. 
 
The second part of the thing is that right now the top 300 drugs were 
mandated carry QR codes. Some people also do it on more products, 
some people don't do it on many other products. The government has 
put out, it's right also in a discussion paper, it's not actually been fully 
mandated, to go from the top 300 brands to the top 1,000 brands. So 
the top 300 brands, about 2,000 SKUs. And if they go to the top 1,000 
brands, the number of SKUs will increase. But in that discussion 
paper, they have also mandated the QR code for antibiotics, similar 
products, anti-infectives, and for psychotropic medicines, stuff like 
SSRIs and similar. So that would go from what is about 2,000 SKUs 
currently about 25,000 SKUs. It would be a significant expansion of 
the mandate from the government. Now this is supposed to happen 
over the course of two years. Right now it's still out in discussion. So 
there's some part where the market itself may expand. I would think 
that if the mandate is actually implemented, then the market will 
anyways go from maybe ₹600 crores to ₹1,500 crores or something 
anyways. And it will be a sizable market. The second part of it is, 
yeah, I mean like now, what is the final outcome of those regulations? 
I'm not completely sure. Let's see, perhaps. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Diya Jain. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Diya Jain: 
Hi, what is the revenue from exports for this quarter? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
So our exports are about 4% to 5% in this quarter. 
 
Diya Jain: 
Okay. This new manufacturing facility that is going to come in 
Assam, when is this going to be commissioned and how much revenue 
can we expect? 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 25 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So Diya, there's been a suspension of the incentives from the 
government. We have already ordered our equipment for the plastic 
film manufacturing for our V-Shapes. So we're still waiting for some 
government updates. Yeah, right now it's a little bit in limbo, because 
the government has suspended the scheme, so we are still waiting. 
We're ready with our papers and registration and everything, but since 
the government has suspended new units under the scheme until 
further notice, we are waiting for their notice. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Kewal Shah. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Kewal Shah: 
Yeah. Thank you for allowing me. Basically for V-Shapes for 
breakeven, do we stick to breaking even the second half of FY 2027 or 
does it gets push back to FY 2028? If you can get clarity on that. And 
secondly, for the Assam CapEx, was it mainly for the co-packaging 
for V-Shapes or that facility will also be used for other business like 
Coding & Marking or anything else? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Okay. The questions. Yeah, I think, the Packaging business as a whole 
would probably only break even in the first half of next year, the first 
half of next financial year. I don't think it'll necessarily break even in 
the second half of this financial year. I'll keep you posted with an 
update in Q2. The second part of the question was regarding the 
UNNATI project. So yeah, we were planning to do some Coding & 
Marking and some other stuff there, just to ensure a quicker outflow of 
incentives to us. 
 
Right now, like I said, the whole project is a bit in limbo, so we're not 
sure. But yeah, it was going to be used primarily for our packaging 
industry, for the co-packaging and for the manufacturing of the core 
films that we sell. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Pranay Shah. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Pranay Shah: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. My question is basically on the 
Codeology and Markprint. In the last quarter, we said that we expect 
15% to 20% growth. And looking at the standalone business, we say 
that there's no material change, so any change on this part of the 
business segment? And secondly, we had also said that some 
machines were not delivered due to change in the Packaging segment. 
So there's some change in specification. So what is the update on that 
side? 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 25 
 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So I'm not sure of the first part. I'll ask Jaideep to do it, but, yeah, we 
did see some revenue growth across Markprint and Codeology. The 
second part is, yeah, we do have a few machine orders, which we have 
requested some additional time for those deliveries to be made. And 
right now we're servicing those customers through Packaging 
whatever lots we can at our own facilities. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Raj Vyas. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Raj Vyas: 
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity again. So just last question with 
respect to, you said that, because of Iran, there were some new clients, 
they were deferred from buying. So what is the current status? Has the 
demand improved? And what are the biggest challenges where we 
anticipate over the next 12 to 18 months with the respect to raw 
material cost or competitive intensity or the execution front? Just 
wanted to understand this. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Raj, just to go back. Yeah, I think there may be a little bit of 
uncertainty in the last two, three months of this thing. I think by June, 
things seem back to normal. Everyone's just like, stuff is going to 
happen, and business is going back to normal. Of course, there's been 
some recent escalations. So what happens, I think, it affects people 
like us because, in our Packaging business, we have some co-
packaging that we have signed. Now, the raw material for the co-
packaging has increased sharply, so it's negatively affected our 
margins. Even though, we've sort of committed to giving packs at a 
certain price to our customers, and we've already committed to that. 
 
Now, the same thing happens in the industry. I think that, the issue is 
one of the high price and one of the low price. But when there's 
volatility, then I think customers get more concerned about buying 
materials and other stuff at a higher price. And I think that's why 
specifically in certain things, anyway, the margins are relatively 
thinner for people who are like more conversion. You're buying 
plastics and then you're converting them to other stuff, through 
extrusion or through other things. Those customers get a slightly more 
conservative, and I think that's probably where we saw some issues. 
 
So I think the volatility is what is more of an effect. If I have to buy a 
thing at 150, and I know it's going to remain 150, that's not a problem. 
But if it goes from 70 to 150, and I'm like, I'll buy it at 150, it'll go 
back to 80, then that's a huge loss for me to carry. That's the type of 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 25 
 
thing that I can't deal with. That uncertainty causes more issues rather 
than the pure price per se. 
 
And I think, like yeah, from whatever I feel is that it seems like all 
customers have to adjust to this, because, yeah, and go back to 
business as normal and I think that's what's happening. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the question from Mr. Chirag Barasara. 
Please go ahead. Yes, Chirag. 
 
Chirag Barasara: 
Good afternoon. My question is regarding last con call you mentioned 
about Track & Trace solution. One loophole was there, like a QR code 
can be copied by some sellers. So that problem is solved now? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
No, that problem is not solved. That is why our solution is unique, and 
hopefully it will solve that problem, but that problem is still very 
much true. So if you buy a medicine today, and even if you 
authenticate it with the QR code, the likelihood of it actually 
indicating in any seriousness whether the medicine is actually genuine 
or not is pretty negligible, because all smart counterfeiters do not even 
just copy one medicine, they batch counterfeit and, with the amount of 
scanning that goes on, and it's just a complicated thing, but, yeah, I 
would not say like the counterfeiting has been addressed in any way. 
 
Chirag Barasara: 
What would the charge per QR code for any other manufacturer? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So normally, what we do is we sell the equipment, and then, 
depending on the customer's preference, we would charge them on a 
per QR code basis and a separate charge for the line equipment, a 
separate AMC charge for that. That would be a percentage of the 
equipment that we supply them. In some cases, they pay on a line 
charge, including the software. So it depends from what the customer's 
method or the standard way that they operate. And the QR code price. 
Price per QR code depends on a bucket, so it depends on how many 
QR codes you purchase from us, and then that determines the pricing. 
So if it's less QR codes per line, if you have a high value but low 
volume product, the cost is higher. And if you have a high volume low 
value product, then your cost is lower. It's a slightly more complex 
pricing methodology which is employed. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. We'll take a question from Ashutosh Singh. Please go 
ahead, Ashutosh. 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 25 
 
Ashutosh Singh: 
Hi. I just wanted to know like, what's your internal reference point 
after which you will pull the plug on these underperforming 
businesses, because we have been investing into these businesses for 
some time. I just want to understand, like at what point enough is 
enough and you'd rather do something else? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So I think the QRiousCodes business is very straightforward, like it's 
already breakeven, if not mildly profitable. So I think that there's no 
reason for us to stop. That business is closely allied to our existing 
business also. The international business also, I feel, should be 
breakeven. So let's see how that goes, whether we're actually 
successful in growing our sales abroad. Because again, there's a lot of 
optionality out there, in terms of that it's the same manufacturing 
facility, it's the same everything. So out there, in both these cases, 
those benefits are there. Whatever digital printing solutions we're 
building around, both QRiousCodes and our core business is 
something that we've already sunk in a good chunk of investments, but 
we're going to continue with that. So I don't think our development 
plans are going to reduce over the next few years. We'll continue to 
invest in that. 
 
Now, getting back to the large question of the somewhat less related 
thing, and also where, frankly, all the losses lie, which is the 
Packaging business. I think, like I said, the demand issue is not there. 
And I'm not an expert on the packaging machine manufacturing side, 
but I know that these are issues that we are having can be addressed. I 
also know that we have a lot of levers to improve margins by lowering 
costs as we get economies of scale in the machine manufacturing. 
Definitely lowering costs by making the materials in India or sourcing 
from elsewhere, from lower cost suppliers. 
 
So right now we're focusing on those things. And like I said, I think 
that the opportunity is very big and we should try to do our best to 
capture that opportunity rather than focusing on pulling the plug. As 
of right now, if we feel that there is no path forward, then obviously 
we're not going to hesitate to take a tough call. But right now, the 
issue is that we're just not performing. It's not that the opportunity is 
not there. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
We'll take the last question for the day from the Q&A box. There's a 
question from Parag Hinde. The Ministry of Health and Family 
Welfare has expanded its QR code-based Track & Trace regulations 
under Schedule II of the Drugs Rules 1945 to cover all vaccines, anti-
cancer medications, antimicrobials, and narcotics or psychotropic 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 25 
 
drugs, moving beyond the previous top 300 pharmaceutical brands. 
And the implementation timelines are July 1st onwards, right? So his 
question is, do we expect substantial growth in the Track & Trace 
business because of this? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I think I've answered this question earlier, that it's going to go from 
about 2,000 SKUs across the top 300 brands to the top 1,000 brands. 
And like I said, of course, there is also those other elements like 
vaccines and stuff, but we're talking mainly of the antimicrobials and 
the psychotropic narcotics and psychotropic substances, which is like 
pro medicines. It'll go up to 25,000 SKUs. All of those SKUs will not 
have the same volumes as the top 300 brands. 
 
But like I said, that should expand the market from, accordingly, from 
₹500 crores to ₹600 crores to maybe even ₹1,500 crores. But the issue 
is that, right now, maybe my information needs to be updated, but I 
think it's still a discussion paper that's out there. They're still taking 
feedback from the industry. My past experience has been that the 
industry does not like any regulation, and they may lobby against this 
regulation or tie unit down. 
 
So right now, there's still a discussion that's been put out there, and 
feedback is still coming in from various people in the supply chain 
like us or customers, and whoever else is involved. Maybe they 
consulted doctors and hospitals and other types of chemists and so on 
also. So right now, they're getting feedback from the relevant chain 
around this. And if everything is true, there'll be a two-phase 
implementation, one of which is pertaining to July 1st of next year, 
and one to another year down the line. 
 
But right now, to my knowledge, it's not being enforced. And I can 
assure you that it definitely won't happen till July 1st of this year. It's 
won't happen for July, but it's still in discussion. Let's wait to see what 
the final outcome is. I don't like to comment on government 
regulation, which is not completely announced. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Since that was the last question, would you like to give 
any closing comments? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah, I want to thank everyone for all the questions. I understand a lot 
of concerns around losses and other types of things, like I said. I can 
understand everyone being very sceptical also. I appreciate that. We 
appreciate that feedback. And we hope to come back with better news. 
But the message is that the core business is steady and we are 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 25 
 
definitely working aggressively on all the other areas and trying to 
take those businesses forward and get them standing where they 
should be, and make them real contributors. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, thank you, everybody, for the time during this call. And we 
look forward to your support and cooperation for the rest of the year. 
Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you to the management team, and thank you to all 
the participants for joining on this call. This brings us to the end of 
this conference call. Thank you. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
