 
 
  
 
 
 
Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Formerly known as Billionbrains Garage Ventures Private Limited)  
 
Registered Office: 
Vaishnavi Tech Park, South Tower, 3rd Floor, Survey No.16/1 and 17/2, Ambalipura Village, Varthur Hobli, Bellandur, Bangalore, Bangalore South, Karnataka, India, 
560103 
 
W: www.groww.in 
E:corp.secretarial@groww.in 
T: +91 80-69601300 
CIN: L72900KA2018PLC109343 
 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
To, 
The Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip code: 544603 
 
To, 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400051 
Symbol: GROWW
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on 
Wednesday, July 15, 2026. 
 
Ref: Disclosure pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby submit the transcript of 
the Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on Wednesday, July 15, 2026. 
 
The transcript is being uploaded on the website of the Company viz. www.groww.in. 
 
Kindly take the same on record and oblige. 
   
Thanking you, 
 
For Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited 
(Formerly known as Billionbrains Garage Ventures Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Roshan Dave 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
ROSHAN 
BHANUPRA
KASH DAVE
Digitally signed by 
ROSHAN 
BHANUPRAKASH 
DAVE 
Date: 2026.07.17 
17:14:27 +05'30'

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
July 15, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management  
Representatives: 
Mr. Lalit Keshre – Co-Founder and CEO  
 
Mr. Ishan Bansal – Co-Founder and CFO 
 
Mr. Lalit Bhimani – Group Head, Finance 
 
Mr. Shiv Tallam – Head of Investor Relations and Corporate 
Development 
 
 
 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Billionbrains Garage Ventures 
Limited or Groww Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the management's remarks. Please note that this call is being 
recorded. 
 
Additionally, please note that this earnings call is scheduled for a duration of 45 
minutes. If you wish to ask a question, please use the raise hand feature available on 
your Zoom dashboard. We will announce your name on the call and unmute your line 
post which you can proceed with your questions.  
 
For today's call from the management, we have Mr. Lalit Keshre, Co-founder and 
CEO; Mr. Ishan Bansal, Co-founder and CFO; Mr. Lalit Bhimani, Group Head 
Finance; Mr. Shiv Tallam, Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Development. I 
now hand over the call to Shiv. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Shiv Tallam: 
Thank you, Michelle. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to the call. Our results 
and shareholder letters have been published on the exchanges as well as uploaded 
on the company's IR website. Before we begin the call, I would like to remind all the 
attendees that some statements or comments made on the call today by the 
management can be deemed as forward-looking and hence may involve certain risks 
and are not subject to any review. Such statements or comments are not guarantee of 
future performance and the actual results may differ. 
 
With that, I would like to invite Lalit for the opening remarks. 
Lalit Keshre: 
Hello, thanks Shiv. Hello everyone, good afternoon and welcome to our Q1 FY27 
earnings call. This is our fourth call after we got listed. This past May, we reached an 
important milestone in our company, we completed 10 years of our journey. When we 
started Groww, we had a very simple and very, very big goal to democratize wealth in 
India. 
 
And as I mentioned in my last call that every quarter you will hear the same thing 
again and again and we'll continue following the same purpose for many more years. 
Our strategy has also been consistent throughout last 10 years and that is to improve 
the user experience and keep launching more and more products that our customers 
want. 
 
And this customer focused strategy has also led to the creation of the platform that is 
loved by like millions of customers. That strategy has also taken us from starting with 
mutual funds to stocks, derivatives, MTF and many more products, the most recent 
one being commodities where we achieved like more than 28% market share, the 
retail market share in terms of notional ADTO. 
 
The first 10 years of our journey was more about giving access to wealth, to investing 
to millions of Indians and managing their wealth. The next one will move beyond just 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
being an execution platform or a very, very good user experience platform to actually 
becoming like a true wealth management company. 
 
And as part of that, we over last few quarters we have been kind of building multiple 
products including MF Prime and W where we help customers on multiple fronts in 
building wealth. Lot of these products are basically very research backed where we 
help customers in figuring out the best investments, rebalancing, tax considerations 
and many more things. So that is the kind of big focus area for us. 
 
Secondly, we continued doing multi-product on the platform, we continued launching 
more products, the last one being bonds which is scaling really, really well. This 
quarter also you will see another new product coming. On credit, as we have spoken 
like it's a good compounding business for us. 
 
The focus there over last few months or last few quarters like LAS is showing good 
growth, now it constitutes 34% in our disbursement and very relevant for our 
investors. On AMC, last time we had kind of announced about the SSG, State Street 
Global partnership investment. One development there is that now we have got SEBI 
and CCI approval as well. 
 
Lastly, on AI like we remain focused on it on various fronts in both serving customer 
experience and also on how we build products. We believe that it will fundamentally 
reshape the investing experience as well as how things are built and we kind of 
continue kind of focusing on that. We are leveraging it across multiple places. Yes, so 
10 years in, we believe we are still early in the journey and we are glad to have you 
with us in it. 
 
And with that, let's open to the Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from Dipanjan Ghosh. Kindly introduce yourself 
and proceed, sir. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hi, this is Dipanjan here from Citigroup Global Markets. So, few questions from my 
side. First if I look at your employee expense number, it seems that you have been 
onboarding some employees to the overall organization, maybe because of the new 
product segments or post the integration with Fisdom.So just wanted to get some 
colour if I were to take a 2-to-3-year view, how should one think of the employee 
additions given your aspiration to transition into more of a digital savvy wealth sort of a 
company out there. So that's the first question.  
The second question, if I look at your MTF growth, obviously the momentum has been 
sustained. Having said that, I think a large part of the growth has been driven by 
increase in ticket size. So, two subparts to this question, one is in terms of customer 
acceptance of the product, I mean how much more acceptance rate do you expect? 
And secondly, I mean is the increase in MTF actually yield accretive for the cash 
business given the ceiling in terms of brokerage can be relatively higher?  

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
And third question is on the active derivatives customers. If I look at sequentially and 
look at the active derivative customer data, there seems to have been a little bit of 
softness in that number. So just wanted to get your sense of the underlying customer 
behaviour in that segment. So those were the three questions.  
One data keeping question, was there any ESOP expense during the quarter? 
Ishan Bansal:  
Awesome. So let me take I think one at a time, I've noted down this time. The first 
question on the employee side, I think we are onboarding employees but at the same 
time if you look at the expense increase in employees, it's largely pertaining to the 
appraisal cycle that happens during April. The increase is actually primarily coming 
from that. It is not because there is a significant increase in head count. And in longer 
run also we don't expect there will be like a crazy increase in head count. We want to 
build wealth also in a slightly different way where it is more tech-driven, more AI-
driven compared to a traditional wealth that is done with more RM focus. We will 
definitely have RMs also along with the AI and the technology, but in longer run also 
we don't expect the org count to significantly increase in wealth as well as in Groww. 
 
On the second part of your question on MTF, I think there is still lot of adoption 
pending. There are lot of like nuance kind of problems that we are solving which 
mostly I think on the infra side internally. I think as we kind of do better on some of 
those things, we expect that the penetration can increase as well as the ticket size 
can also expand further. So MTF I think is growing slightly better than what we were 
expecting partially due to the markets and we think we can keep on continuing the 
growth on MTF the way it has been happening from last like year or two.  
On the third part of your question was on derivatives. I think last quarter was relatively 
a exception, so we should not read too much into the last quarter actually. But as a 
trend what we are seeing is it is relatively stabilizing. Even last quarter, when I say last 
quarter, I'm talking about Q4 of FY26 and Q1 of FY27 also has some bit of kind of 
uniqueness because of war, but large part of that war also started in Q4 FY26. So, 
there is some you can say exception that is built into Q4 FY26. But if you compare it 
with Q3, you will see that there is a improvement there, but obviously over time it'll 
stabilize.  
On the last question, I think on the ESOP side definitely I think roughly 10% of our 
employee cost is actually coming from ESOPs. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
So yes Ishan, just one small clarification, that is this 10% number is true for this 1Q 
quarter? I mean just to be clear. 
Ishan Bansal: 
Yes. 
Dipanjan Ghosh:  
Okay and sorry, one part of the question that maybe got missed was on the cash 
yields due to the ticket size accretion in MTF? 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Ishan Bansal: 
So, cash yields are improving. So, we've been seeing that on a year-on-year basis I 
think cash yields has improved by roughly 5% and we expect that to kind of keep 
increasing every quarter a percentage or two as the penetration of MTF keep on 
increasing. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Thank you Ishan and the team and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Supratim Datta. Please introduce yourself and 
proceed, sir. 
Supratim Datta: 
Hi, thanks a lot for the opportunity. I'm Supratim from Jefferies. So, I had three 
questions starting with the first one. You know you have secured the license to 
provide US stock options through the GIFT City route. Just wanted to understand that 
when are you planning to launch that service? And would it be limited to only US 
stocks or you are looking at expanding it to other markets as well? And if you could 
give us some colour on how would the pricing of this service be compared to domestic 
market? That's the first bit.  
Secondly there has been an article today indicating that margin requirements on 
expiry day could go up. Now in November 24 margin requirement additional margin 
requirement was introduced on options. Wanted to understand what impact did you 
see from that implementation if any.  
And lastly, you have launched Groww Prime, you have launched W by Groww has 
been there for some time now. Just if you could give us some colour with respect to 
client addition, traction that you are seeing of these two services, that would be very 
helpful? Thank you. 
Ishan Bansal: 
So, on US stocks, I think we got the licenses, we I think are in kind of mode of testing 
the product. So, I think we will launch it soon, but generally it's very difficult to put a 
exact time when it'll come for the customers. We'll start with US stocks and obviously 
if it works, we'll figure out if there is a demand for other geographies, accordingly we'll 
kind of take it forward from there. 
 
It's a kind of a learning curve with the new product and we'll kind of figure it out once 
we have more data once we launch it, we'll have more data and we'll accordingly kind 
of proceed further. On F&O piece I think honestly this is news for us also because we 
are not hearing anything from SEBI perspective that they are thinking something like 
that, but news is news, so we can't comment on news actually. And the third thing you 
talked about, sorry I forgot the third part. 
Lalit Keshre: 
Prime and wealth customer number. 
Ishan Bansal: 
Lalit, you want to take it? 
Lalit Keshre: 
Yes, so it's the wealth piece. Yes, so it's bit early Supratim, so I think if you look at our 
history like so our process is like build product 10x and same thing applies for US 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
stocks also right, build customer experience that is like 10x better than whatever 
exists and go slow initially and once you find the right direction then run very fast. So, 
I think on both all these three products, be it US stocks, Prime and W, I think this 
quarter is bit too early to kind of comment about them, but maybe in coming quarters 
we'll talk more about them. 
Supratim Datta: 
Yes, absolutely. And just one last follow-up see on the F&O bit, I do understand it's 
too early to comment on news, but given there was a similar kind of increase in 
November 24, did you see any change in behaviour because of that additional 2% 
ELM margin requirement? 
Ishan Bansal: 
Not exactly. I think because it came with like lot of other changes as well, so it's very 
difficult to pinpoint why, attribute basically the change to a particular regulation, 
because there were like five things that happened parallelly. 
Supratim Datta: 
Makes sense. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Prayesh Jain. Please introduce yourself and 
proceed. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes, hi, good afternoon, everyone. This is Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Just 
extending the previous question on F&O. We've seen some slowdown in terms of 
your premium turnover on a daily basis if we look at the first few days of July data. I 
would presume that is to a certain extent impact of the SEBI regulations or how are 
you seeing this kind of trend impacting your Q2 performance?  
And just an extension to that, even if we back calculate the cash segment orders 
assuming that the INR20 per order on derivatives and commodities, then we are 
seeing a 9% decline in number of orders for the cash segment. Is that roughly, right? 
Ishan Bansal: 
So, I think coming to the first one, there is a I think dip in F&O in the early like July, 
like you said. I think it was there in the end part of the June as well. I think it was more 
correlated with again war than anything else is what our estimation is because we saw 
that change once again, there was a news on Iran war and the volatility again came 
back and then suddenly volume also went up.  
So, it is we are seeing the higher correlation with volatility than actually any 
regulations as of now. Again, I think our understanding is this regulation doesn't 
impact retail business anyways and overall, also from a market perspective the impact 
looks relatively smaller compared to what everyone else was estimating, but definitely 
there is some impact for industry but not for us.  
Sorry, the second part on the orders on cash side, I think you're right. I think this is 
primarily you can think of gold and silver has a significant delta in this because if you 
look at stock orders includes ETFs as well, and ETF was a significant volume in both 
Q3 and Q4, and we are seeing that that trend is kind of now slowing down relatively 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
because both these silver and gold are not performing, and hence there is a drop in 
number of orders. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Another question was on your broader strategy, right? Lalit and probably Ishan 
you all can pitch in on here. Earlier when we started, we started with one product 
which was mutual funds, then we added cash delivery, cash intraday, derivatives, it 
was one product that we were adding at a time, right? Now today as we as we are 
working, we building commodities, we're building wealth, we're building the AMC, 
we're building a new product that you've mentioned, we are looking into getting into 
US stocks. How are you kind of ensuring that the costs and the team tech bandwidth 
is kind of well controlled and how confident you are with respect to execution of each 
of these things, particularly wealth management is something that you’ve spoken a lot 
about. What are your aspirations there in terms of anything that you can mention with 
respect to AUM or size that can be seen in the next two or three years? 
Lalit Keshre: 
Yes, so I'll take this Prayesh. So overall strategy wise, see first thing I want to clarify 
that, while we talk about so many products, all products are at different life stage. So, 
commodities for example is now almost like adoption is more or less fair adoption if I 
can say that and so on. It started like, not now but maybe two years back, and for, so 
when we were private then we were not we were not talking about products every 
quarter right. So, we are always building multiple products but every product it is at a 
different kind of life stage right.  
So, number two is that on the people and cost side and everything. See what we have 
realized is one, like our core business our like established businesses they get more 
and more efficient in terms of building. So, the team sizes and everything they get 
more and more efficient, and then all the new products if you see, like, so many new 
products that we have launched, effectively it's all coming from the existing team. Like 
we create new pod structure and so on, so it works more like a multi-threaded kind of 
org if you have read about our pod structure philosophy, there are multiple parallel 
engines that keep running with very common simple single top-level strategy.  
So that is on second and then, and then as I said like all products are at different kind 
of point. Commodities are very advanced; US stocks are just starting, hopefully we'll 
be launching in few months or I mean we can't promise right now but depending on 
the experience how experience kind of comes. W is again we are kind of refining the 
experience although we like there is some traction there and so on.  
On your last question on the projections and stuff, I think again as I said in my 
previous answer, it's kind of bit early to kind of give those, but we are very confident. 
We are very happy with whatever we are seeing right now on the on the progress. 
Prayesh Jain: 
No, that that's helpful. Last question from my side, when we think about say over the 
next couple of years, what could be possibly, the important point in terms of cost if you 
want to highlight or in terms of revenue line items, that can -- that you see as the risk 
to your earnings profile in the next couple of years? 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Ishan Bansal: 
I don't think so as of now we can't -- so if there is anything we will let you know. I think 
as of now there's nothing top of the mind. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sure. Thank you and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Swarnabh Mukherjee. Please introduce 
yourself and proceed. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Swarnabh from 
360 One Capital. Two-three questions from my side. First of all, on the MTF side, I 
wanted to understand we had a very strong run in 1Q, but as we move into 2Q the 
first 15 days or that trend looks fairly flattish, and possibly you are not very divergent 
from what it was in the industry. So, I just wanted to understand what has changed or 
what you difference you were seeing from say the end of the quarter to till now. 
And also, for the particular quarter I wanted to understand that, in terms of the active 
users for MTF also there has not been much change, although the assets have gone 
up quite sizeably. So how to read into this? And that's the first one.  
The second is again on the so you in the shareholder's letter you have mentioned 
about the NSE actives and the focus in terms of building that. So, when I look at for 
example in terms of the MAUs and DAUs, those numbers look fairly stagnant. In fact, 
DAUs have come off slightly from what it was in 4Q. So how should we read into this? 
So, these are the two questions on operating trends and then I have couple of smaller 
questions maybe I'll take it up after that. 
Ishan Bansal: 
Got it. I think first one I am I was not sure that I understood the question that end of 
quarter to today you are looking at trends from F&O perspective or you are looking at 
trends from cash equities perspective? 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
No, from the MTF book. 
Ishan Bansal: 
MTF book has, okay. So, the challenge I think from end of the quarter and any time 
when we are looking at in between is MTF specifically the end of period number 
compared to if you look at even in last quarter because markets were down literally on 
the last day and there is a effect on MTF indirectly that comes.  
Similar is in this kind of last two weeks as well. The market when they closed in 30th 
June versus what it is today is very different. So hence that shows up in the MTF book 
as well. It was a bullish trend to kind of now a like more volatile trend and which has a 
negative impact on the MTF book. And the second part of the question was on the 
sorry I forgot. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee:  
Yes, on the MTF active users, so what I see it remains at around 0.13 million between 
the two. 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Ishan Bansal:  
Overall, DAU as well. So, I think about the DAU also I think again if you compare it 
with Q4, Q4 had lot more volatility compared to Q1 and if you compare it with Q3 you 
will still see a better trend. I think that is probably anomaly in Q4. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee:  
Okay, understood. And because MTF is very, I mean MTF is cash delivery oriented so 
even still you'd think that Q4 would have been an anomaly from that sense? 
Ishan Bansal:  
Q4 was anomaly because I think when quarter ended actually it ended at a negative 
note, hence the number was actually slightly lower and Q1 ended at a positive note 
and hence the number was slightly better. So, we are seeing that roughly INR600 
crores to INR700 crores getting added on a quarterly basis on the book side and 
which is continuing. If you average it out, I think it will come to the similar number. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee:  
Okay, understood. The other queries that I had was one was that the cash yields 
improving, where do you think it is likely to stabilize when you evaluate from your 
side?  
And second is that given that this quarter we have like 1Q versus 4Q we have seen 
some softening in volume, I mean because 4Q was more volatile etcetera on both on 
the stocks side as well as on the derivatives side. But still our float income has gone 
up quite substantially this quarter. So just wanted to understand that that what is 
playing out there, is there more margin despite that so people willing to maybe keep it 
in their pooled accounts etc. so if you could give some colour on that? 
Ishan Bansal:  
So actually, float income has another variable which is like interest income as well. 
So, interest rates have also changed between last quarter and this quarter, so we saw 
the yields going up which has benefited on the revenue side. And average balance 
also I think was probably not significantly higher than last quarter, hence the yield are 
up just because of the interest part of it. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee:  
Understood. And if you could take the question on the cash yield? 
Ishan Bansal:  
Cash yield I think it's again very difficult to estimate where it'll end because there is 
one variable because of MTF it is doing well, but there are multiple other variables like 
the average ticket size has also gone up over a period of time which is also boosting 
the cash yield. So, our expectation is that in the near term it'll definitely go up, but 
difficult to kind of estimate where will it stop. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee:  
Got it. Understood, very helpful. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Sanketh Godha. Please introduce 
yourself and proceed sir. 
Sanketh Godha:  
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. This is Sanketh from Avendus Spark. So, my first 
question is on CAC. If I look at the CAC number per new NTU added, it seems to be 
around INR1,900 and that number was around INR1,400 in 1Q and around INR1,000 
in 4Q. So, it seems to be a sharp jump in acquiring new customer. Just want to 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
understand if this could be the new normal or is it you spent little more on 
advertisement for any event and that's the reason it went up. That's my first question? 
Ishan Bansal:  
Yes, I think you probably already know that we do IPL in this quarter and there is a 
significant amount of our marketing spends which goes into IPL especially in Q1. And 
if you look at it's not really directly correlated with how much acquisition that will 
happen. There is a branding benefit out of it, then there are like you can say if markets 
are doing well probably, we would have acquired significantly more and hence without 
the IPL spends this number would have been significantly lower or more closer to 
what you were seeing earlier. 
Sanketh Godha:  
Okay, well the reason I asked Ishan this question was that even in 1Q you had IPL, 
right? So INR1,400 going to INR1,900 is still a big jump per customer acquired? 
Ishan Bansal:  
Only one week of IPL was there in Q4, this had like almost 2 months of IPL, so that is 
the delta. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay, understood. Perfect. And second just two data keeping questions. In cash 
INR254 crores of revenue what you made in in the current quarter, can you break it 
down as a percentage how much came from INR20 per order and how much came ad 
valorem which is linked to MTF book? So that's one question.  
And second if you can give a data keeping the revenue from Fisdom and AMC will be 
useful? 
Ishan Bansal: 
So, we actually on the first one we don't kind of disclose those kind of numbers, that's 
like too much detail, it's not relevant. Also we have a INR5 minimum, there is MIS 
which has a slightly different kind of ticket size, there's lot of complications there, so 
hence I think average is probably what you have to work with.  
On the income or revenue from Fisdom plus AMC, I think it is part of the other income. 
So roughly I think between both of them we are lesser than 2% is or closer to that 
number. 
Sanketh Godha: 
The reason I was asking is that Fisdom have you seen after you acquired a 
momentum improving, that's the reason I was asking? 
Ishan Bansal: 
No. We haven't yet seen the significant improvement in revenue on Fisdom side. I 
think it is still in the kind of more of a gestation stage and we will kind of talk about it 
once it kind of becomes more relevant. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Perfect. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Abhijeet Sakhare. Please introduce yourself and 
proceed. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Hey hi, this is Abhijeet from Kotak. A couple of number questions. One is if you could 
comment on the cost to operate line which declined this quarter and how should we 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
think about the run rate going forward? And the second number question is we had 
disclosed this data last quarter on new customer assets on the platform close to about 
INR25,000 odd crores. So, if you could disclose that number for this quarter if 
possible.  
And then a qualitative question so at the time of the IPO we had disclosed a number 
on the affluent customer base and the overall contribution to the assets. So just 
wanted to understand the behaviour of this customer profile because as a platform 
there is still a bit of a limitation in terms of offering assisted services or the wealth 
platform itself is sort of just starting to build up. So just in terms of retention of these 
type of customers if you could comment on that, that would be helpful as well? Thank 
you. 
Lalit Bhimani: 
On cost to operate versus last quarter if you can see a slight improvement because 
last quarter had some one-time risk cost which were taken. We expect this cost to 
continue as is with slight inflationary increase over coming quarters. 
Ishan Bansal: 
Sorry, there was one more question I think on the affluent retention. I think affluent 
retention is actually significantly better compared to the other guys because I think 
once you have AUM sitting with the platform, typically customer tends to kind of stick 
with it and these are the customers who have been probably there with us also for a 
longer period of time. There is a habit also that they have formed and they probably 
really like it that's why they would have stuck. So, it's a relatively a quality base and 
there is a that's why their retention is like very, very high. When I say very, very high is 
like almost 100%. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. And sorry, one number on the customer assets? 
Ishan Bansal: 
Sorry, I didn't -- which you are talking about the affluent assets? 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
No, sorry, no, so last quarter we had the change in customer assets broken down into 
net inflows and market movement. 
Ishan Bansal: 
This time also actually what is it shareholders' letter when you see the AUM we talk 
about the inflows, so if you subtract it then you will find the delta. So INR23,000 or 
something was the inflow, I think. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Okay, sorry I missed out that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Nidhesh Jain. Kindly introduce yourself and 
proceed. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I'm Nidhesh from Investec. So, my question is on certain 
data point questions. So firstly, in RHP you have disclosed year-wise customer 
revenue contribution on a yearly basis. If you can share that data for FY26 that would 
be very useful. How the FY26 revenue contribution is coming from the year of 
origination of the customer. And that would be very, very useful.  

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
And secondly can you comment on how the ARPU trends are there for the customer 
that you acquired in FY26 and the customers that got acquired in Q1 FY27? 
Ishan Bansal: 
So Q1 FY27 is actually too nascent to kind of comment on the ARPU side, but overall 
if you look at in FY26, the customer acquisition quality was better, and which we have 
seen across every year that as the platform has become richer and bigger, the quality 
of the customer has been improving. We as of now haven't kind of build that data yet, 
but we will let you know once we have the data, we'll share it with you. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
So FY26 ARPU customer acquired in FY26, the ARPU is better than previous year 
first year ARPU? 
Ishan Bansal: 
Correct. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Yes, thank you. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Manish Ostwal. Please introduce 
yourself and proceed. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Thank you. My name is Manish Ostwal from Nirmal Bang Securities. My question on 
the first data keeping question, what is the average yield on a MTF book?  
And the second question is the -- on AI front, so use of AI where do you see the 
impact materially? I mean running the business, operating cost will go down or better 
cross-selling of opportunities or maybe much more much more role in the wealth 
management business. Where do you see the AI is impacting your business in a 
much bigger way? Thank you. 
Ishan Bansal: 
So, I'll quickly take the first question and then I'll push it to Lalit. On the yield side, so 
our pricing is fixed actually, it is 14.95% and which is charged on this. There is a small 
like delta between closing balances and average and stuff, so hence the yield slightly 
varies between that, but roughly the number is around 14.95%. 
Lalit Keshre: 
And on AI, Manish, so you answered the question partly yourself. So, it's helping. So 
first let's talk about building the business, right? So, all the product development and 
everything like all engineers use AI a lot. So, it helps in kind of building things faster, 
higher quality and so on and lot more things in parallel and so on. So that is like one 
big leverage. And then on customer experience side. Customer experience side you 
can think of like support services. Now earlier if customer would call you if 
everybody's busy then you have to wait, but now with AI that kind of helps customers 
reach out to you faster, help their queries faster, the context that is available to our 
support executive is much, much higher, so customer delight is much higher. 
 
Then we have like today Groww's UX is like, it serves like 80% of the use cases. So, 
for example if you want to check your portfolio, you can open Groww and see. But 
let's say if you want to know, okay, I want to I want to see -- I want to list all my stocks 
in the format -- in the ranking of magic formula, which is like high ROCE or low PE 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
and so on. Or you want to see okay, I want to check the latest quarterly some updates 
from the management and so on. 
 
So, there are like few use cases which are like very, very edge cases which you can't 
kind of accommodate in UX. So there AI can quickly kind of go through all the data 
and then kind of help you faster. So that is GR1 and so on. So likewise, across the 
product we see that and over time like we'll continue figuring out lot more use cases 
that helps customers to kind of make better investing decisions as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Dheeraj Kumar Reddy. Please introduce 
yourself and proceed. 
Dheeraj Kumar Reddy: 
Yes, hi, thanks a lot for the opportunity. I represent TVF Capital. My two questions are 
-- I just wanted to understand what is the leg of product velocity beyond like the 
products which we have spoken about. I mean, we see FDs, bonds, etcetera which 
are like where other players are probably doing better in the market. So, I just wanted 
to understand what are those two or three new products which the company is 
thinking from a three to four-year standpoint beyond what you've spoken about.  
And secondly, how is company currently using existing customer data? Is there some 
sort of personalization in the way the engagement is happening? Because today the 
newsletter or even the app interface is probably more standardized. Is company trying 
to build something more personalized with the kind of data which Groww has today? 
Just wanted to understand what is the thought process there and maybe if you can 
elaborate more use cases on the AI that that would be helpful as well? 
Lalit Keshre: 
Yes, so I think AI we already spoke and as more use cases come, we'll kind of keep 
talking about them.  
On the new products, see I think we are very thoughtful about launching products. 
Like we, if you look at our sequencing also like we could have launched lot of products 
like three years back, but we assess the demand, then we assess our experience and 
then we kind of do internal launches and then go and so on. But it's very hard for us to 
talk about next three to four years, because lot of products that we are launching they 
will have their own new versions, next versions and so on. For next two years, for 
example, like the current pipeline is looks very strong next one to two years, right? So, 
W is going to be a mammoth like very large product, like it's not actually a product, it's 
mixture of multiple products within W, right? So, it's like the full kind of set of products 
for affluent customers and HNI customers and so on. Then bonds, we already 
launched last quarter and we are seeing very strong uptick there and we will we are 
very kind of confident and happy about how it is progressing. U.S. stocks we are 
going to launch now that its GIFT City thing has kind of come around and so on. Yes, I 
mean, from product perspective there is a very strong pipeline for us over next year 
and two and like when we say products, as I said like best products are never kind of 
done-done. You continue building them kind of keep improving the customer 
experience further. 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Dheeraj Kumar Reddy: 
Got it. Any numbers here, Lalit, as in like for example bonds, how many customers 
have shown some positive response or even W for that matter. Any indications on 
how the market is reacting to it? 
Lalit Keshre: 
So, we see good kind of as I said like very good indication. Numbers it's bit kind of it 
will not make sense, like basically numbers will not give you the right data. So, we will 
kind of talk about numbers in couple of -- basically in coming calls. 
Dheeraj Kumar Reddy: 
Got it. And what about the user data which the second question which I asked? 
Lalit Keshre: 
So that's quite bit tricky also, see basically so user data, user privacy is very important 
for us, but we do things which help customers in multiple ways and so on, right? So, 
we have to take care of lot of things there while doing anything, but we use some bit 
of kind of data to improve the customer experience. We might do it more, but we have 
to be very careful about how customer thinks about this, which is very important for 
us. 
Dheeraj Kumar Reddy: 
Understood. Got it. Okay, thanks. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as a last question for today. I would now hand 
over the conference to Mr. Shiv Tallam for closing comments. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Shiv Tallam: 
Thank you Michelle. Thank you everyone for attending the call. We appreciate all the 
questions and please do feel free to reach out to our email on the shareholders' 
website for any further questions or clarifications. Thank you so much and have a 
good week. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Thank you, sir. On behalf of Billionbrains 
Garage Ventures Limited or Groww, we thank you for joining us and you may exit the 
meeting now. Thank you. 
