 
 
Craftsman Automation Limited 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: 
Corporate Office: 
  
 
123/4, Sangothipalayam Road,  
No.1087, 4th & 5th Floor, Krishna Towers, 
 Tel + 91 422 71 610 00 
 
Arasur Post, Coimbatore – 641 407  
Avinashi Road, Coimbatore - 641037 
fax + 91 422 71 612 34 
 
Tamil Nadu, India 
Tamil Nadu, India 
info@craftsmanautomation.com 
          CIN NO:    L28991TZ1986PLCO01816 
 
 
www.craftsmanautomation.com 
          GST NO:                33AABCC2461K1ZW 
 
4th August, 2026 
 
To 
 
The Manager - Listing,  
The Manager - Listing, 
BSE Limited,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Rotunda Building, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Bandra Kurla Complex ,  
Dalal Street,  
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543276 
Stock Code: CRAFTSMAN  
   
  Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on the Unaudited Financial 
Results (Standalone & Consolidated) for the quarter ended 30th June, 
2026; 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and our intimation and 
outcome letters dated 10th July, 2026, 28th July, 2026 and 30th July, 2026 respectively, 
we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call organized on 
Thursday, the 30th July, 2026 at 3.30 P.M. (IST) on the Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone & Consolidated) for the quarter ended 30th June, 2026. 
 
The transcript of the earnings conference call will be uploaded on the website of the 
Company at www.craftsmanautomation.com.   
 
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record and disseminate the 
same on your respective websites. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
for CRAFTSMAN AUTOMATION LIMITED  
 
 
 
Shainshad Aduvanni  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
Shainshad 
Aduvanni
Digitally signed by 
Shainshad Aduvanni 
Date: 2026.08.04 
16:14:22 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
CRAFTSMAN AUTOMATION LIMITED 
 
Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 30th July, 2026  
for the quarter ended 30th June, 2026 
 
This document might contain forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks, 
uncertainties and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those 
in the forward-looking statements. We do not intend or assume any obligation to update any 
forward-looking statement, which speaks only as of the date on which it is made. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Earnings Conference 
Call of Craftsman Automation Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the opening remarks are concluded. Should you require 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Srinivasan Ravi, Chairman and 
Managing Director of Craftsman Automation Limited. Thank you, and over to 
you, Mr. Ravi. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you very much for joining the Earnings 
Call for Q1 FY27. I will leave the floor open for questions. Kindly proceed with 
the questions. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Please note that some of the statements made during this 
earnings conference call may constitute forward-looking statements, which 
are subject to risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees of future 
performance. We encourage you to refer to the disclaimer section in the 
company's investor presentation. Further, the management will not be 
addressing any customer-specific queries due to confidentiality obligations. 
Participants are requested to avoid mentioning customer names while asking 
questions.  
 
We take the first question from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand 
Rathi Institutional Equities. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Congrats on the strong results. Sir, firstly, the standalone powertrain has seen 
a very strong growth on both revenues and EBIT, if you see Y-o-Y. Can you 
just help us understand what are the key segments and products which are 
doing well? And how do you see the order book for this segment? And how 
one should look at the outlook going ahead? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
It is not really a strong trend. I would say that it was a muted trend earlier. It 
has come to a normal situation as of now in the Q1 and this is likely to 
continue... 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Sorry, my bad. Standalone aluminium part. Sorry, my bad, sir. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Aluminium, we are on a growth path, and this growth journey will continue. 
The aluminium segment's pace of growth or the absolute growth and even 
percentage growth, all of that will beat the other segments that is clear 
because of the massive investments which has gone in the recent past. And 
there are capacities still coming into place. Some capacities are still not 
matured. So that is on a growth path for many more quarters. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: So, anything specific, which segments, particularly in this aluminium other 2-
wheeler, which are the segments? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
We are quite balanced. We are 4-wheeler heavy, if you look at the revenue 
portion of it. Yes, closely followed by 2-wheeler. But I think the -- further on, 
both are growing as far as we are concerned that more new orders are coming 
in. Some are quick order wins where it will see the light of the day in a couple 
of quarters or even in the next financial year. 
 
Some are a little drawn. These orders are in the development stage, which 
will come into production in FY 28 and FY 29. Most of the production is coming 
in FY 29. So that will not reflect in the revenue in the coming quarters. But 
whatever orders we have taken a few quarters back, some of it is already 
coming into production as of now. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Got it, sir. Sir, secondly, can you just update further on this Kothavadi plant 
stationary engine order book from USD 100 million, which we crossed last 
quarter? And just lastly, also on the Sunbeam transformation happening, so 
how do you see that profitability for this entity ahead? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Kothavadi project is -- Kothavadi is a foundry. Machining is done at the -- I 
think the parent plant, Arasur, which is the biggest plant. So it is split into 2. 
One is the revenue portion coming from the casting side at Kothavadi. One is 
the machining side coming in from the Arasur plant. So the billing will happen 
only from the Arasur plant. 
 
So, I would say that -- I'll reiterate that we have targeted USD 100 million sort 
of revenue in FY '29. We are on track for that. And there is a good glimpse 
what we are having that in the future, we are starting to get more inquiries. 
That means what orders or inquiries we're going to get in the next few 
quarters, we'll see light of the day by FY 30 - 31. So that can take it beyond 
the USD 100 million, whatever was initially projected. 
 
As far as now we are concerned, we are now doing a little of the automotive, 
but mostly on the general engineering castings, which are there, which is not 
significant as of now. The capacity utilization is under buildup, I would say. 
So we'll have 2 or 3 more quarters before we start seeing some revenue 
trickle in this business. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: And just on the Sunbeam side, sir? How do you see the transformation and 
profitability ahead, sir? 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
On the Sunbeam side, we have the restructuring is more or less complete, 
but some restructuring, we have postponed to a few months because of 
requests from customer on this matter, like there are exit customers, there 
are exit parts where we have to handle the customer for a couple of quarters 
more before we are able to exit that. 
 
So, with that, I think by December, I think 90% of the turnaround or the 
restructuring will be complete. So, as we move on quarter-on-quarter, we'll 
see improved results coming from the current quarter onwards, I would say. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mukesh Saraf from Avendus Spark. 
 
Mukesh Saraf: 
My first question is regarding this capex that you have announced for the Unit 
3 at Hosur. You mentioned that we are at about 85% utilization. Just trying to 
understand, we had just started the alloy wheels plant probably a couple of 
quarters back. So, have we reached high utilizations there? And also, what 
components are we looking at in this Unit 3? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. Overall, in the Aluminium segment, we are touching the capex are 
happening across various locations as well as in our DR Axion subsidiary. Of 
course, Sunbeam is not on expansion anymore per se. Now coming to the 
alloy wheel, I think we declared whatever the installed capacity is 5.8 million. 
 
And this year, hopefully we'll be touching or crossing 4 million wheels on the 
current year, that is at the combined plant of Bhiwadi as well as Shoolagiri. 
So we are not putting in capacity there. Once we see that we are crossing 
this 80% threshold, we are marginally expanding the capacity. 
 
So now the Hosur facility is not for alloy wheel. It is for the additional high-
pressure die casting and to start with high-pressure die casting only on parts 
which are for the automotive industry. It can be for 2-wheeler, it can be for 4-
wheeler, but the -- we have run out of space and capacities in our current 
plant. So, we are making an enabler. So, we will fill in with the customer orders 
as and when they come. 
 
But we are seeing good traction on inquiries, and we expect the market to 
grow. If we're out of capacity, we are proactive to put up capacity. And this 
capacity also we'll put up in phases. It is not that we will be doing in one single 
year. It will be spilling out to 2 years, maybe 4, 5, 6 quarters, depending on 
the need. 
 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Got it. Got it. And what would be our capex plan for this year, both if you could 
break it up into standalone and in the subsidiary businesses? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
So, in Sunbeam it will be maintenance capex and some maybe capacity 
building capex something like that. In DR Axion it's quite substantial capex is 
there. Of course, the land has been purchased last year itself. So, this year, 
we have -- when we started the project, we have a few orders on hand. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
Now we have got more orders. And we are seeing also more orders coming 
in. And some of the orders are maturing in -- not maturing, start of production 
in FY '29 and some are starting in production in FY 2030 in general. So, there 
will be capex standardization. We'll be pacing the capex. It will not be bulk 
capex on 1 year. 
 
If we see more traction coming in from frequent orders, then we may 
accelerate the capex. So, we have to do a wait-and-watch sort of capex. The 
approved plan is around INR 430 crores capex for DR. On Craftsman... 
 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Sorry, the INR 430 crores is for a 2-year period, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
So, we have taken approval for this year, but I think we'll see whether we will 
be spending this year or some of it may spill over to next year. 
 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Sure. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
So, it depends on the demand because you cannot really cut off exactly on 
March 31, something may -- always it is not -- the capex will -- ongoing capex 
will not be a cut-off line, really speaking. 
 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Sure, sure. And you were mentioning about standalone, sir. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Standalone, we have been averaging more than INR 1,000 crores, I think, 
capex, and that will continue. And everything depends on the next 2 quarters, 
what growth we see on the standalone. We have shown reasonable growth 
on Q1. 
 
And this growth rate, if it is -- the traction continues to grow from Q1 level to 
a higher level, then we may have to accelerate some of the capex, which is 
meant for last year towards Q4. But as of now, we don't see much need to 
react very quickly because still we have global problems. Yes. I mean, we are 
in a wait-and-watch mode. 
 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Got it. Got it. And just lastly, material costs have obviously been moving up 
quite a bit and probably now we've seen some correction there. How are we 
placed in terms of passing through some of these costs that we have already 
faced last quarter? And how much more is there for us to kind of offset any of 
these hikes? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
This is different for different customers. Yes, some of the customers are fair. 
Some of the customers are taking their own time to make these adjustments, 
which is there globally. But we are confident all customers will need to align 
to the new reality that this sort of a situation, suppliers have to be fairly 
compensated for the alloy prices, which should be a pass-through. So, 
beyond that, I would not like to make any specific observation here. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Chandramouli Muthiah from 
Goldman Sachs. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Chandramouli Muthiah: My first question is just around the heavy horsepower engines opportunity. 
So related to some of the opportunities you mentioned, you've had more 
customer inquiries beyond the supplies that you're currently doing. 
 
Just wanted to understand typically how long is the sort of prove out and initial 
low numbers of sort of batches certification time frame, low-volume batch 
certification time frame, after which you typically get into full production on 
slightly larger contracts with some of these customers. So I just want to 
understand how long that period is before you could potentially get into full 
production on some of those customer orders and inquiries that are coming 
through? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Let us give a number to it on the number of customers we are -- these are all 
large customers. We have 6 customers. 4 customers, the orders have been 
received. 5 customers order has been received. 1 customer we are receiving 
the order shortly. With the first 4 customers itself, we have filled in the first 
USD 100 million sort of revenue target, which we had set up for FY '29-'30. 
 
This is casting and machining, of course. 2 customers, we already started 
pilot lot machining and it's being used by our customers for production. The 
casting validation is a little longer. So we will need for these 2 products which 
we are already machining and supplying, which castings coming from across 
the globe and going back to the customer, we will need another 1 year to 
productionize the current parts. 
 
So, the -- I would say 30% of the production will be productionized by FY 28 
and another 50% will come into FY 29, I would say. So, FY 30 will be the first 
year of seeing that full revenue. But what comes along the way, since we 
established communication channels, established the exchange of 
information with our engineering divisions where a lot of in-house 
manufacturing has been done. 
 
So, it has been a very difficult long passage to get all the data and the 2 teams 
to work together, which we are working for the last 3.5 or 4 years now totally. 
Now the exchange of information is faster, approvals are getting faster. So for 
the second set of inquiries or the incremental new order wins for new product 
lines, it will come from the same customers. 
 
So, it will not take the 4-year time line, which we have initially we have gone 
through. And already, we have almost 4 years from the time we started, I 
would say. So, what we get now, I think within 2 years, it will come into 
production. So, we may see that what new orders we are going to get in the 
near future, we'll see productionizing by FY 2030 or FY 2031 itself. 
 
So, the biggest challenge about the customers accepting us as a supplier, 
first of all, and because their product quality depends on us. So that phase 
has been passed, I would say. We have passed that phase. So it is more 
likely that we will accelerate from now on. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it. That's helpful. Second question is just related to this same incremental 
business opportunity on heavy horsepower engines. Just want to understand 
what the typical margin profile and opportunity could be for Craftsman here. 
I'm just clarifying that this is likely to sit within the Powertrain segment. 
 
I just want to understand related to the powertrain margins, how the margin 
profile of this business could shift once it hits steady state? Is there any start-
up costs that you think will have to be absorbed before which the margin starts 
to approach steady state? Just want to understand that aspect as well. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
The current EBIT margins of the current Powertrain business is having a 
weightage of more than 70%, 75% on investments made on the conventional 
powertrain, I would say. The new powertrain weightage or the large stationary 
engines, the weightage will be lower. I will not know the exact number, but I'm 
just giving you a headline, I would say. 
 
So frankly speaking, the depreciation is already happening in the -- for the 
large engine investments done. There is also the cost we are incurring during 
this development phase, which is already factored in the powertrain results in 
the last few quarters also. So this is as a percentage will not increase because 
what we have -- what is coming into production in the next few quarters will 
offset the new incremental development cost, which will happen for new 
products, which are still not developed yet. 
 
So, I think the worst part of that is over that we have to absorb some start-up 
costs, which is already in the past history and our results are in spite of that. 
So, we find that the return ratios are in similar lines. But we have to 
understand when the new capacity is coming up with a larger capacity and 
capacity utilization is lesser, the EBIT margins may look depressed on that 
particular portion for some time until capacity utilization and operating 
leverage sets up. 
 
But our confidence is that the return ratios will be among similar lines on the 
current powertrain within a couple of years. So today, as it grows, I don't think 
it's going to distort the Powertrain business. It is in the same business model 
what we have built up. Only thing we added the casting portion to the 
business. That is the only change there. 
 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it. That's helpful. And just last question is on the Industrial segment. I 
know it's a smaller part of the total business for us. But I think this quarter, 
there's been a spike in what the performance has been versus the normal 
quarterly range we've observed in the recent past. So I just want to 
understand what are some of the drivers of why the Industrial segment has 
sort of inflected this quarter versus the recent run rate? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Broadly speaking, we have the very long history with the contract 
manufacturing that is quite steady. Nothing as much has changed there. But 
our product lines, both in the material handling system as well as storage 
division, they are seeing upswing on demand, I would say. It's not capex-
intensive business, as you know. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
So, the operating leverage is helping us to increase the margins. The capex 
cycle started in India, and we are seeing a lot of traction, both on the material 
handling lifting equipment as well as on the storage. Our orders are increasing 
quarter-on-quarter, I would say. So, this will keep the margins intact going 
forward. This is not a one spike what we see in the industrial engineering side. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Joseph George from IIFL Capital. 
 
Joseph George: 
Just a couple of questions. One is on Sunbeam, you mentioned that you might 
give off or discontinue some of the maybe low-margin businesses. I wanted 
to understand how big is that in terms of scale down? And corollary, what will 
be the positive impact it will have on your overall Sunbeam margins? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
The revenue per se, we are replacing as we are exiting some of the business. 
We are replacing some of the business from some other customers directly 
or indirectly, I would say, with support from the parent company, Craftsman, 
where we are also offloading the orders. So that way, our capacity is not 
getting underutilized in general. 
 
The exit sort of a business are legacy businesses, which are more than a 
decade old or even in some cases, 2 decades old. And some of it is also 
partly was outsourced to tiny scale industries. So, this is where we are exiting. 
So, it is a negative margin profile, which these products we are exiting. So, 
when we're exiting this, I think surely, the margins will pick up with the better 
operating leverage from new customers which are coming in. 
 
So, exit rate, I'm very confident about Q4 mid-teens sort of an EBITDA margin 
for Sunbeam. I said there is a delay in the exit because we need to handhold 
or support the customer during the exit period. Most customers have 
requested us. I think as a matter of goodwill, we stand by them while we exit. 
So Q4, mid-teens will be the margin in line with the Craftsman business.  
 
And revenue, there may be a 10%, 20% sort of reduction in the top line, but 
there will be an increase in the gross margin or value addition. That is a 
realistic situation that the top line is more governed in the current case with 
aluminium, predominantly aluminium and less of machining and less of value 
addition, that profile will change. So that is what also will lead to the increased 
margin expansion. 
 
Joseph George: 
Understood, sir. Just one more question on the capex. So, you listed down 
the capex for each of the entities. Sunbeam, you said maintenance. DR 
Axion, you said INR 430 crores, standalone approximately INR 1,000 crores. 
 
So, on a consolidated basis for this year, should we work with about INR 
1,500 crores of capex, subject to obviously, revisions depending on capacity 
utilization in the second half. But for now, INR 1,500 crores sounds okay, 
right, as a sum of the 3 pieces? 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Conservatively, yes. But the traction what we see, if this -- we thought 
because of the Iran crisis, everything will slow down and stop that was when 
the capex plans were made. Suppose this Q2, whatever is going to happen 
in the Indian market and global market, if we see the same traction going on, 
manufacturing globally is increasing, I mean, across the world, I would say, 
in general, maybe for different fields and different end users. 
 
But still, if this higher traction if we are going to happen in Q2, Q3, our Board 
will decide in Q3 or in Q4 to increase capex. So we may see at the tail end 
some revision in capex if things go better than what we expect. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Shagun Beria from Anand Rathi 
Shares and Stock Brokers Limited. 
 
Shagun Beria: 
Am I audible? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, please. 
 
Shagun Beria: 
Yes. Can I know the current capacity utilization for the segments, the 
business segment? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. Powertrain is averaging around 70%-odd. Of course, in the festive 
season, it will go beyond 75%, maybe closer to 80%, but that will be for a 
short period. But after that, again, the capacity utilization during Q3 will come 
down. Q4, again, it's likely to rise. But on an annualized basis, anywhere 
between 80% is a wishful thinking. 
 
I think beyond 75% is very difficult because of the seasonal nature of the 
business and the risk of stopping customer lines. I would say that we are 
operating I think 10% lesser than the optimum capacity. The 10%, hopefully, 
we will be able to bridge the gap in this Q2 or Q4 as we stand on the 
Powertrain. And Aluminium, we are already operating at more than 80%-odd, 
I would say. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Vignesh SBK from Ksema Wealth. 
 
Vignesh SBK: 
Am I audible? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, please. 
 
Vignesh SBK: 
Sir, just on the confirmation of the heavy HP opportunity, I think 30% will come 
from FY 28 and 50% FY '29. Is my understanding correct? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, FY 30, we'll touch the USD 100 million, whatever the first initial target. So 
we may see that increasing if new order wins are there with the same 
customers and similar product lines where the developmental time and the 
time for testing is lower. 
 
Vignesh SBK: 
Okay. But the revenues will start from FY 28, sir, just to understand? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, FY 28. Now it is FY 27, really speaking, it's too small to talk about it. So, 
from FY 28 onwards, we'll see a decent number. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Vignesh SBK: 
Yes. And just on the standalone capex, can I know like where are we 
spending this INR 1,000 crores? Anything particular? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Okay. This is a very important question. 
 
Vignesh SBK: 
Just to understand like where are we focusing, yes. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. See, let us take about Powertrain and let us also talk about Aluminium. 
The infrastructure required for a new Aluminium project is quite high and also 
on the Powertrain today. So when we go for new locations and new 
campuses, the place itself is quite high. If in the 2 earnings calls away, I think 
I had mentioned that the land alone for DR Axion plant costed us around INR 
150 crores, which is around 50 acres of land. 
 
So -- and to put up a basic infrastructure without any production equipment 
will easily cost another INR 75 crores to INR 80 crores. So, when you want to 
go for a plant of a decent size, not mega size, I think the land and building 
and infrastructure, the ETP, HTP, the power connections and the road 
infrastructure there, will touch around INR 150 crores to INR 250 crores, 
depending on the plant size. So then only comes the production equipment. 
 
So, we have been holding back these sorts of activity for a long time, but we 
are also seeing that just like our customers have been announcing greenfield 
facilities with 1,500 acres and INR 3,000 crores -- INR20,000 crores 
something... 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we have lost the line of the management. Please stay 
connected while I reconnect the management Thank you. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we have the management line reconnected. Sir, you can proceed. 
Thank you. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Thank you. Sorry for the disturbance, which has happened in the 
disconnection. I was just answering on the capex, where the capex is going. 
The -- fundamentally, when we are -- during the IPO, we were around INR 
1,500-odd crores only on the revenue side. And when we are quantum 
growing almost on revenue, we need more plants, more locations. 
 
Our decision to put up a plant will decide whether the customer is going to 
support us in the long term. And we have to follow our customers across India. 
Most of the customers have announced greenfield projects and are looking 
forward to us also investing. 
 
So, any greenfield project, anywhere between INR 100 crores to INR 250 
crores will be the basic infrastructure without the production equipment to 
have a plant readiness to accept the equipment. So, this will have -- unless 
we fill up the plant with a decent amount of production capacity, the operating 
leverage will not set in. So that is the reason for the jump in capex. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
But also, we see big improvement in the revenue growth, revenue growth 
even after adjusting the aluminium cost, we are seeing higher traction in the 
growth. So, our return ratios will not get affected even though these capexes 
are taking place because the base capex is quite high now for gross block 
and net block. So further on, I think the -- our EBITDA itself will carry the day 
for us. 
 
Vignesh SBK: 
Just to understand, this mostly will be towards Aluminium side, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, it will be for both Powertrain and Aluminium in the right proportion 
depending on the growth opportunities. Powertrain stationary engines are a 
little new, so that there will be some capex. Yes, there's a foundry also there. 
So that will take more than 50% of the Powertrain. But the Powertrain per se 
is a large amount of capacity installed. 
 
You may recall that our depreciation is around close to around INR 500 crores 
now currently. And to replace those machinery, the replacement costs are 
high, even with a lot of planning and a lot of adjustments, reconditioning of 
old machines still, I think INR 250 crores, INR 300 crores maintenance capex 
itself is required as we speak. You understand that the dollar, euro, all this 
has undergone change. So the same capex is going to be very costly. 
 
We did a small exercise for internal and for our Board. We found that the 
capex, what we did in 2016, we want to have the same capacity in exactly put 
up. The capex is around 5x to 7x more because the land has increased 8x, 
9x, the construction cost has increased 3x, 4x. All the infrastructure cost has 
increased. Machinery also has more or less, in rupee terms, close to doubled 
totally with -- over a period of time. So, the incremental capex is quite difficult, 
I would say. 
 
Vignesh SBK: 
And just on the capex front, we are saying we are putting INR 1,500 crores. 
So, funding should be from internal accruals, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
So, year after, it will be only internal accruals. Of course, the cash mismatch 
will be there. See, as I mentioned, there's no ever need to come to the public 
markets per se. That is clear. But at the EBITDA level of whatever we have 
projected initially on the growth on EBITDA numbers, not the absolute 
numbers, we don't want to talk about it. But I think it is to keep a good net 
debt to EBITDA, I think we are on track. 
 
Vignesh SBK: 
Okay, sir. And last thing on the cash -- sorry, the land, any update, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, it is gaining traction. I think something is happening. I think we are close 
to signing a deal, I would say. That's all. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Srinivasan Ravi for his closing comments. 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Thank you very much for all of you to join the conference. I have some closing 
remarks. The capex cycle has started in India. I think this capex cycle is going 
to continue quite for a long time, I would say, in general, not only the OEMs, 
but also Tier 1, Tier 2 companies. 
 
India is moving towards a manufacturing economy. And I think we have very 
bright prospects to continue to grow in the coming years. With these closing 
remarks, I would thank you all once again. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Craftsman Automation Limited, that concludes 
this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes) 
