 
ANUPAM RASAYAN INDIA LTD. 
 
  ARILSLDSTX20260820046                                                                           Date: August 20, 2026 
To,                                                                   
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001, India 
 
SCRIP CODE: 543275 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai-400051, India 
 
SYMBOL: ANURAS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject:     Submission of transcript of Earnings Call on the Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) of Anupam Rasayan India Limited (the 
“Company”) for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call on the Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, held by the Company 
on Friday, August 14, 2026, which is available on the Company’s website at 
www.anupamrasayan.com. The link to access the same is as below: 
 
TranscriptofEarningsCallQ1FY-2026-27  
 
We request you to kindly note the same and take into your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
 
Ashish Gupta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
ASHISH 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
ASHISH GUPTA 
Date: 2026.08.20 
17:25:11 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 14, 2026 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors and readability. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on 
the stock exchange on 14th August 2026 will prevail.”  
 
 
  
 
 
 
      
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANAND DESAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – ANUPAM 
RASAYAN INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. GOPAL AGRAWAL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
– ANUPAM RASAYAN INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. AMIT KHURANA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ANUPAM RASAYAN INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. VISHAL THAKKAR – DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ANUPAM RASAYAN INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Anupam Rasayan India Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, a brief disclaimer. This conference call may contain 
forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on beliefs, opinions and 
expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not guarantee of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
From the management side, we have with us today Mr. Anand Desai, Managing Director; Mr. 
Gopal Agrawal, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Amit Khurana, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. 
Vishal Thakkar, Deputy Chief Financial Officer. 
 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
With this, I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Anand Desai, Managing Director, for 
his opening comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Anand Desai: 
Thank you. Good afternoon all, and thank you for joining us for our Q1 FY27 earnings call. We 
are pleased to begin FY27 on a strong note with consolidated total income growing by 36% year-
on-year. This is a strong start to the year and reflects continued momentum across our businesses, 
supported by the commercialization of new products and healthy demand across our key 
segments. 
 
More importantly, we believe the quarter reinforces structural transformation of Anupam 
Rasayan. Over the last few years, we have been consciously building a more diversified and 
globally integrated specialty chemicals platform, moving beyond our commercial strength into 
pharmaceuticals, performance materials, electronics, EV and other high-value applications. 
 
A key milestone during the quarter was the commercialization of Ethyl Trifluoroacetate or 
ETFA using flow chemistry. We are proud to be the first company globally to commercialize 
ETFA through this technology. This achievement further strengthens our expertise in complex 
fluorination chemistry and more importantly, demonstrates our ability to develop and 
commercialize differentiated products using advanced process technologies. 
 
We also signed a Letter of Intent with BASQUEVOLT for the potential long-term supply of a 
specialty chemical product, demonstrating our ability to participate in emerging high-growth 
applications. This further underscores the strength of our customer relationships and our 
capability to develop products for the next-generation technologies. 
 
On the strategic front, our Jayhawk acquisition is already strengthening our global platform. It 
gives us a strategic manufacturing base in the U.S., expands our capabilities in advanced and 
high-purity chemistries and provides a strong platform to participate in high-value markets such 
as semiconductors, automotive, EV, aviation and performance materials. 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
With only a limited period of consolidation in FY26, we now see FY27 as the first full year of 
Jayhawk's consolidation and integration. At the same time, the proposed acquisition of Bliss 
GVS Pharma continues to progress as planned following the signing of the definitive 
agreements. 
 
We see this as a transformational step in building a more complete pharmaceutical platform, 
taking us from key starting materials and intermediates towards formulations, regulated 
manufacturing and global market access. The platform also provides significant headroom for 
capacity utilization and a robust pipeline of 62 molecules over the next 2 years, including 48-
plus molecules targeted at regulated markets. 
 
What is particularly exciting for us is that these initiatives are not standalone. Tanfac gives us 
critical raw material and fluorination integration, Anupam brings deep chemistry and custom 
synthesis capabilities, Jayhawk gives us a U.S. manufacturing and CDMO platform, and Bliss 
adds a differentiated pharmaceutical and formulation platform. Together, these businesses gives 
us the ability to participate across a much broader part of the value chain across segments. 
 
With the strong pipeline, deeper customer engagements and expanded technology platform and 
an increasingly diversified business mix, we believe Anupam Rasayan is entering an exciting 
phase of growth and FY27 is an important year in translating the investments and strategic 
initiatives of the last few years into sustained business growth and value creation. 
 
With that, I will now hand over the call to Gopal bhai to take you through our business 
performance and key strategic developments in greater detail. Thank you. 
Gopal Agrawal: 
Thank you, Anand bhai. Good afternoon, everyone. Q1 FY27 has been an encouraging quarter 
for us, both from an operational and strategic perspective. We have started the year with strong 
momentum. And importantly, we are seeing increasing traction from initiatives and investment 
that we have been doing over the past few years. 
 
Our focus continues to remain on accelerating commercialization of molecules from our existing 
pipeline, increasing the contribution from high-value businesses and deepening our engagement 
with global customers. 
 
Let me begin with our technology and product development initiatives. The commercialization 
of ETFA using flow chemistry is an important milestone for Anupam. Flow chemistry enables 
us to effectively execute complex chemical reaction while improving process control, safety, 
scalability and overall cost. 
 
Our successful commercialization of this product demonstrates the strength of our R&D and 
process engineering capabilities and reinforces our position in the differentiated fluorination 
chemistry. 
 
We continue to see good momentum in our pharma and performance material pipeline. During 
the quarter, we commercialized 1 new product in pharma and 2 new products in performance 
materials, further broadening our portfolio and strengthening our presence in high-value 
applications. 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
The pipeline ahead is equally encouraging. We have currently 65-plus pharma and polymer 
molecules in R&D and pilot and have commercialized more than 10 molecules in this segment 
over the last 2 years. This gives us strong pipeline of opportunity that can progressively move 
from development to commercialization over the coming years. 
 
The Letter of Intent signed with BASQUEVOLT is another important milestone. The potential 
long-term opportunity of approximately USD300 million spread over a period of 10 years 
reflects the depth of our customer engagement and our ability to participate in emerging high-
growth application. 
 
We expect commercialization to begin during FY27 and we'll gradually scale the opportunity 
based on customer requirement. With this, our cumulative signed LOI and contracts highlighted 
in the presentation represents roughly INR18,000 crores of potential business over their 
respective tenures with several new products scheduled for commercialization from FY27 
onwards. 
 
Coming to our acquisition, Jayhawk Fine Chemicals is an important strategic addition to 
Anupam Rasayan platform. It provides us with a manufacturing presence in U.S. while 
strengthening our advanced chemistry capabilities and our ability to serve global customers 
across Life Sciences and Performance Materials. 
 
We believe the combination of Anupam Rasayan manufacturing and process chemistries of 
Jayhawk technology platform, customer relationship and U.S. presence creates a significant 
opportunity to deepen our engagement with existing customers and jointly pursue new business 
opportunities. 
 
On pharmaceutical side, the proposed acquisition of Bliss GVS Pharma is progressing as 
planned. Once completed, we intend to leverage Bliss GVS regulated manufacturing 
capabilities, pharmaceutical portfolio and market presence to create an integrated 
pharmaceutical platform. 
 
Looking ahead, our priorities remain clear, that is commercialize products from our existing 
pipeline, increase the contribution from performance material and pharmaceutical, deepen our 
customer relationship and continue investing in advanced technology and chemistries. 
 
With that, I will hand over the call to Amit bhai for his comments. 
Amit Khurana: 
Thank you, Gopal bhai, and good afternoon, everyone. Our Q1 FY27 performance reflects a 
healthy start to the year, supported by new product commercialization and continued demand 
across our businesses. Alongside growth, we continue to maintain a disciplined approach 
towards capital allocation and integration of our strategic investments. 
 
Let me first take you through the key financial highlights. Consolidated total income for Q1 
FY27 stood at INR668 crores, representing a growth of 36% year-on-year. Revenue from 
operations was INR655 crores. Consolidated EBITDA increased 35% year-on-year to INR175 
crores, with EBITDA margins maintained at 26%. 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
At the same time, PAT for the quarter stood at INR51 crores compared to INR49 crores in Q1 
FY26, representing a 6% year-on-year growth. The movement below EBITDA largely on 
account of increase in depreciation expense due to increase in asset base and higher depreciation 
in Jayhawk. 
 
On the capex front, we have now completed the major capex cycle that we had undertaken over 
the last few years. All our major planned projects have been commissioned and are operational. 
And therefore, we do not foresee a significant capex requirement for the existing Anupam 
platform in near term. We will continue to be selective about incremental capex and evaluate 
any new investment based on customer visibility, strategic relevance and expected returns. 
 
Coming to cash generation and working capital, these remain important areas of focus for us. 
For Q1 FY27, consolidated cash profit stood at INR64 crores compared with INR56 crores in 
Q1 FY26. Working capital remained largely stable during the quarter, and we expect to see 
further improvement in FY27. 
 
As we have highlighted earlier, the business is becoming increasingly diversified towards 
pharma and performance materials, alongside the recovery in agro business. We expect this 
changing mix together with tighter inventory and receivable management to support further 
improvement in working capital efficiency over time. 
 
With this, I will now hand over the call to Vishal bhai to take you through the financial 
performance in detail for the quarter. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Thank you, Amit bhai, and good evening, everyone. I will briefly take you through the 
consolidated financial performance of Q1 FY27. Consolidated total income for the quarter stood 
at INR667.5 crores compared to INR490.7 crores in corresponding quarter last year, registering 
a strong growth of 36% year-on-year. 
 
Consolidated EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR174.9 crores compared to INR129.2 crores 
in Q1 FY26, representing a growth of 35% year-on-year. Consolidated EBITDA margins for the 
quarter remained healthy at 26%, broadly stable on a year-on-year basis. 
 
Consolidated profit before tax stood at INR69.7 crores compared to INR62.9 crores in Q1 FY26. 
Consolidated profit after tax for the quarter was at INR51.2 crores compared to INR48.5 crores 
in the corresponding quarter last year, registering a growth of 6% year-on-year. Consolidated 
PAT margin for the quarter stood at approximately 8%. 
 
Our performance during the quarter reflects the increasing scale of business and continued 
contribution from new product commercialization. Going forward, we remain focused on 
sustaining the growth momentum, increasing the contribution from high-value products and 
delivering efficiencies across the platform. 
 
Thank you. Now we can open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Sujal from Growmore PMS. 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Sujal: 
First of all, congratulations on the good set of numbers. My first question is regarding in the last 
call, management has guided that we may acquire an API plant. So, I want to know what is the 
status of that? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So we continue to explore that. And right now, there is nothing specifically that is there that we 
need to share, but we continue to explore. And once the Bliss acquisition is also consummated, 
we will be working with the Bliss management to explore any acquisitions together. So right 
now, it's just on the exploratory stage for now. 
Sujal: 
Okay. And on the follow-up on your answer, sir. So basically, I want to know that will the 
management of Bliss remain independent like Tanfac and others or will appoint our own team? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So Anupam's approach towards any acquisition that we have done till date will be that we will 
continue to keep them as independent as they can be. The whole approach will be that the 
investment that we have done is primarily with a view that they have a strong management team 
and an existing business and relationships, which we would like to be benefiting out of. 
 
Further, like Tanfac, we will also continue to support them in terms of product development, 
market exposure or any other support that they would need and we can offer. So yes, it will be 
independent to that extent of running the business as they plan for and with the support from 
Anupam as we have been offering in Tanfac and also in Jayhawk. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tanya Chowdhary from Investec. 
Tanya Chowdhary: 
Sir, could you provide an update on the Bliss GVS acquisition timeline and the key approvals 
that are still pending? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So if you see the Bliss acquisition has been going in the mannerwe had anticipated. We've got 
the SEBI approval, also the open offer that was to be coming in has come in, and August 10 was 
the last date for any shareholder to offer their shares, which has been successfully concludedand 
now we are in the process of closing where we'll have to do a few procedural steps to comply 
and deliver the process. We expect that by the first half of September, we should be able to 
conclude this transaction fully. 
Tanya Chowdhary: 
All right. All right, sir. Also, what was the contribution from Jayhawk this quarter and the 
EBITDA margin that it has posted? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Jayhawk has been contributing around about 20% to 22% of our revenue for this quarter, and 
the margins have been very robust at around about 19 to 20 percentage points. 
Tanya Chowdhary: 
All right. All right. And sir, the share of polymers have gone up significantly this quarter. So is 
this sustainable? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So, there has been a little lesser contribution from the agrochemical because of the way the 
demand cycle is over the year. But we believe that on a standalone, we should be able to get a 
polymer business to be in the range of 20% to 25%. And on a consolidated basis, it should be in 
the range of 30% to 35%. 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Tanya Chowdhary: 
Understood. Understood. And I think the consolidated EBITDA margins have remained flat at 
around 26% despite a much higher share of performance materials. So how should we look at 
EBITDA margins over the next 2 to 3 years? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So typically, as I have been always guiding that on a standalone, we should be looking at 
anything between 24% to 26% on a standalone basis. And on a consol basis, we should be 
looking at anything between  22% to 24% EBITDA margin is what I would really guide at 
because there are multiple companies, multiple segments, multiple end markets. So all in all, I 
would really suggest to guide at that kind of numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Meet Vora from JM Financial. 
Meet Vora: 
The first question was on commercializing ETFA in flow chemistry. Can you throw some light 
what other players are using and how significant is this achievement for us? And if we compare 
other players, what are the applications this ETFA is being used and how big can this business 
be for us? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
SoMeet, you are also very expert on this. I'll just share it for everyone also that flow chemistry 
in per se is a very, very cutting-edge technology, which very limited number of people across 
the globe would have been using it on a commercial basis, A. B, what it does as we can say is 
that it improves the safety, it improves the product quality because there is no batch reaction, it 
is a very small reaction, small volume that gets reacted every time. So, safety is high. 
 
There is a veryhigh quality improvement. There is lesser environmental footprint because there 
are lesser number of solvents that are used or side reactions happening. And hence, that also 
improves the environmental footprint, lowers environmental footprint. And you are able to do 
at a higher scale with a lesser land requirement or a plant requirement because these reactors are 
classically a tabletop reactors, kind of a size of reactors. 
 
So to that extent, this is a very, very unique that is there and especially ETFA is one of the 
products which gets application across pharma, agro and electronics and semiconductor 
industry. I think it demonstrates a very strong technical capability of a player like us to deliver 
a product of such wide application in flow. 
 
And to our knowledge, we are the only ones who are able to do it in flow today. As you said, in 
terms of size of the market, we estimate that it should be in the USD0.5 billion kind of revenue 
that these 2 molecules will have. So that's the large volume market that we can go after and look 
at. So A, it improves our right to win in this market. 
 
Also, it demonstrates the technical capabilities to my existing and new customers also that we 
are able to demonstrate that we are able to do a lot of new products in a very new age 
technologies. So that's what I would say, say, Meet. 
Meet Vora: 
So on manufacturing cost parameters, we would be lower than the comparable chemistries. And 
particularly then we would be making similar kind of margins as we are making in the overall 
business or the margins would be slightly better than the existing business margins? And 
secondly, of this USD0.5 billion, any broad ballpark idea how much we can cater to? 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So see, I would love to look at least, to start with at least it is 5% to 10% and going up to 15% 
to 30% is what I would say. I don't want to guide a particular number right now. But yes, that's 
the kind of a market that we would want to look for and what we are right now working on. 
That's one. Two, you're right that the cost parameters will be better for us and hence, the margin 
profile should be better. 
 
As you know that we are a CDMO guys, we have a CSM play. We would share our value 
creation with our customers. However, yes, it would have an upward bias in terms of our margin 
profile for these products where you are actually creating value for our customers. 
Meet Vora: 
Understood, sir. And just secondly, on this Jayhawk, what is the capex that we plan to do for 
FY27 and '28? And will Anupam need to fund any part of this capex? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So I think today, there is a reasonable level of capacity that Jayhawk also has, and they will 
continue to grow their portfolio there and continue to expand their business. There may be some 
requirements of capex that may be there for repurposing or for replacement or for some 
additional new products that are introduced. 
 
But they are fairly well capitalized in terms of cash and they are completely unlevered. We don't 
see that we would have any requirement that we will need to support Jayhawk for their any capex 
going forward for now, at least, we can see that. 
Meet Vora: 
Okay. So for now, our annual capex will be largely for the standalone business only? Any 
number that you guide for '27, '28? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Today also, if you see now, as Amit bhai also mentioned in his opening remarks that large part 
of our capex program has been completed. And there will bevery little capex that will be required 
going forward, maybe it'll be for our raw material purchase -- sorry, repair and maintenance side 
or it may be for a little bit of repurposing. And to my mind, in the range of INR70 crores to 
INR80 crores may be the number that I would look at from a capex point of view, for now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hardik from ICICI Securities. 
Hardik: 
Sir, just want to check on the Jayhawk you mentioned that in the percentage of revenue, is it 
correct because the differential is coming around INR139 crores for revenue and EBITDA is 
around INR24.4 crores. Is that the correct number for Jayhawk for the quarter? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So Jayhawk revenue will be around about INR145-odd crores. And from a revenue point of view 
-- sorry, EBITDA point of view, as I said, it will be 19% to 20% will be the -- will be the 
EBITDA for Jayhawk. So it should be in the range of INR30-odd crores. 
Hardik: 
And what about PAT, sir? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
See, PAT, as I think Amit sir, also mentioned, there is a large part of depreciation in there. So 
the PAT will be in the range of around INR9-odd crores. 
Hardik: 
Okay. And sir, as you mentioned on the Bliss acquisition as it's progressing well. Sir, on the 
open offer, are we able to get any -- are you able to get any share in this open offer because the 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
prices are way lower than the current market price. So the investment would be the one which 
we committed during the open offer. Is it or it's going to increase? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
No. So you are right. The numbers that we have got an update for is a very, very small number. 
It is to that extent of insignificant number that that has been provided or offered to us to buy 
under the open offer. We saw a similar experience in the Tanfac open offer also. 
 
Probably at least as a management, I would love to read that the shareholders have a fairly high 
confidence on us in terms of our ability to take the company forward. And yes, there is limited 
that is left out here. 
Hardik: 
Got it. Sir, if I may squeeze in one more question. Sir, in standalone, if you look at, our gross 
margin is broadly 58% for the quarter. And I think it has increased drastically as compared on a 
year-on-year basis as well. So just want to understand is majorly driven by the performance 
material where the share is higher or is there any other component as well in this? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So the gross margin, as I always try and say that, yes, it is largely based on the Performance 
Materials, but I would always guide to see us more on the EBITDA level as I have always been 
suggesting because gross margins move across depending upon the product portfolio, product -
- which product grows in which quarter and also in terms of what segment is contributing, how 
much more there. But if you look at from an EBITDA point of view is where I would really try 
and there, I think we've been fairly stable in terms of our numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Axis Capital. 
Harsh Shah: 
Sir, my first question was on the BASQUEVOLT LoI. So just wanted to understand where are 
we how is the ramp-up of the product? And in terms of the tech, so do we already have the tech 
for the product development or is it to be jointly developed with the customer? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So this technology is fairly with us. We have also done it in the plant in terms of lab and pilot 
plant as well. And so to that extent, it is fairly well developed for us. We'll be working with our 
customers in terms of what they need, in terms of their security and others. And that is why we 
have said that we have been able to get to a very strong level and hence, the LoI. 
 
Otherwise, we would have not gone to the LoI stage as well. And we expect it to be 
commercialized by the second half of the year or the later half of the year. So to that extent, that 
capacity and capability is very much there. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. And how should we see the ramp-up? So when do we see meaningful revenue start kicking 
in from this contract? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So as we say, it will be another 2 to 3 years, you will see a larger revenue ramping up as we go 
because that's how any new product will take, and that's what you will see. So in 2 to 3 years, 
you should see a fairly robust stable revenue coming from this. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. And sir, for the balance… 
Vishal Thakkar: 
This next year as well. It will be, but it will keep ramping up as I said. 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. And sir, for the balance order book, so where are we in terms of execution? How much 
portion of the order book has been executed? And what portion you're expecting in the next 
couple of years? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So see, in the order book, as I said earlier also, that we have been continuously growing our 
revenue, roughly around about INR400-odd crores plus was the revenue for the last year. This 
year, we are expecting it to be significantly higher, contributing around about 25% of our 
revenue. 
 
And going forward, it should contribute around 30%-odd of our revenue with the higher base 
volume that we have. So this is a very strong ramp-up that is happening. And if you see, most 
of our products have been commercialized or should be commercialized by this year or next 
year. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. And sir, my last question was on the standalone working capital side. So where are we in 
terms of working capital improvement? And where do you think we should end by this year-end 
and then next year as well? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So on the working capital side, our working capital has been remaining stable, as Amit also 
mentioned in his opening remarks, that working capital has been stable and we are on the 
trajectory that we have been guiding there. And there is improvement that we see coming in the 
next coming quarters. So by the year-end, we should be in the range that we have been guiding 
in the past as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Probal Sen from ICICI Securities. 
Probal Sen: 
On the capitalization rate, you obviously mentioned that most of the capex has already been 
completed. Just wanted to understand because if I look at EBITDA growth of 30%-plus, what 
has flowed through to the profit level is about 6% growth, presumably because obviously, 
depreciation and interest costs have gone up. 
 
So is this the kind of run rate we should be building in for the rest of the year? Or is there some 
more capitalization that is remaining, in which case, obviously, interest cost, of course, is a 
function of how much cash flow will be there, but can depreciation increase in terms of run rate 
over the next few quarters? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So there is no major capitalization that we are seeing going forward. And largely, the 
depreciation was largely on account of Jayhawk coming into our portfolio. And that is Jayhawk 
has takenhistorically, Jayhawk, under the old management, had a different depreciation period 
that they had, and we are reviewing it and seeing that. But principally, it is not because of the 
additional capex that is coming into or capitalization that is happening to the balance sheet. 
Probal Sen: 
Got it. And in terms of interest costs, how should we be looking at this number? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
I think the interest cost, I think my sense is that this interest cost should be in the similar numbers. 
I don't see it to be going anything further than this. This is a fairly representative run rate for the 
interest cost. 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Probal Sen: 
And the second question I had, sir, was with respect to the Agri business. Obviously, we are 
focusing on performance materials and those newer blocks that we've added. But in terms of 
Agri, how are we looking at it in terms of outlook? How does the environment look? And what 
are the prospects that we see for the next 9 to 12 months... 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Probal, I think your line was weak or somehow my line was weak. I don't know, but I couldn't 
hear your question. If you can repeat it, it will be very helpful, please. 
Probal Sen: 
Am I audible right now? Is this better? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Yes, you're well audible to me now. 
Probal Sen: 
Okay. I was just asking, sir, about the Agri business. Obviously, we have been focusing on 
Performance Materials and Pharma and all of that, but Agri still remains significant. Just your 
thoughts in terms of what that market looks like for the next 12 to 18 months? What is the 
outlook? And how do you see that business evolving for the Agri segment? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
See, Agri side, we are seeing at least the products that we have been in the past, we have been 
in,we see a fairly robust demand.  so the demand recovery is there. We see that whatever we had 
been forecasting at the start of the year, we are seeing it to follow through. 
 
And I guess and that's the reason also, if you see our guidance has been that the Agri contribution 
will continue to be reasonable to our portfolio, but it will be dropping primarily not because of 
the Agri business slowing down, but it is because of the other two businesses growing faster and 
having contribution coming higher from there. But Agri business should be stable, to my mind, 
and it should continue to have its own growth path. 
Probal Sen: 
The last question, sir, if I may. With respect to the HFC-32 quota, where are we in terms of 
actual paperwork and in terms of the actual quota being released or formally being approved for 
our Tanfac business? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So this has been addressed by Tanfac's management in their call. And I can say from the 
shareholders' perspective and the team from Anupam, I can only say that we remain confident 
with what Tanfac's management has guided and presented. We believe we are very, very 
confident of Tanfac's management's estimates and their plans. So this is what I would say 
because they are also a listed company. But from my perspective or from Anupam's perspective, 
I'm saying they've guided well, and we completely believe in their guidance. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vedant from Mars Investments. 
Vedant: 
I wanted to check on the Bliss. Was there any input or market development support that led to 
the Bliss performance during the last quarter? And what was the capacity utilization if you had 
that number? Because in the last call, we mentioned that we were operating at around 30%? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
See, so A, it's a listed company, so I would be conscious of what I make, that statement there. 
B, is today, we are yet to consummate this transaction. So please be mindful of these two things. 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
And whatever I say, please take it as my opinion or my view rather than the Bliss management's 
view. So please be mindful of these two things. 
 
However, they have been growing well. They have given a good set of numbers, and it's an 
organic growth that we are seeing in that company, is what I can say. But pardon me, probably 
next call ornext quarter or the quarter after, when we have fully integrated the company or when 
we have fully had the control of the company, is when it will be more appropriate for me to 
make a statement on their performances. 
Vedant: 
Okay. So are you planning to do any company-specific calls because they have not been doing 
so post the consummation of the transaction? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So yes, we will work with the Bliss management to have better investor or analyst outreach, and 
we'll explore the same. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Kumar from Alpha Capital. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Sir, on Bliss side, would you like to comment as in after this completion of merger, what kind 
of growth or numbers we can expect? Because in earlier call as well as TV interviews, you said 
it is at 30% utilization, which we expect to go to 60%, 70% over the next 2 to 3 years. So how 
should we look in terms of Bliss? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
I think we continue to have the same view. Our view is only strengthening. And if you look at 
their performance, their performance has also been demonstrating that what hypothesis we went 
in with is looking more robust. So we continue to believe that we should be able to improve the 
utilization of the company's assets to 60% to 70%, and that would translate to the kind of 
numbers that are there, that would be there. So I would say that, yes, we continue to be confident 
there. 
Ankur Kumar: 
And sir, in terms of CDMO also, you also talked about that also for Bliss in the last call. So how 
are things progressing on that front, sir? And how are we thinking on that? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
That is going forward. And as once the transaction is consummated, I think both the teams of 
Anupam as well as the Bliss team can work together with more rigor and more confidence to the 
customers and attract that business. Today, Bliss would be doing it on their own and they would 
be there. 
 
And as we go further, we will be supporting that process, and we'll go together. Like what we 
are doing today with Jayhawk, like so Jayhawk's sales and marketing team and Anupam sales 
and marketing team are working together and jointly offering the product portfolio and the 
services to our customers and their customers. And the same approach we will take, but where 
we will be sitting along with the existing management and deciding how and which opportunities 
to work together on. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Got it, sir. Sir, and in terms of Bliss, this quarter was quite good in terms of both growth as well 
as margin expansion. So is it like fully organic or we have started helping them with the clients 
in the U.S. and Europe side? 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Vishal Thakkar: 
It's organic, is all I can say. 
Ankur Kumar: 
And any future color we should look on that front, sir? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Please, we both are listed entities. We have not yet consummated the transaction. I would really 
refrain from making any guidance or any statement there. We have talked about what we think 
about Bliss and how we can work about it. 
 
And give us a quarter or two, once we have consummated this transaction, we have sat with the 
management, understood their approach and work together, and then it will be more appropriate 
for me or Anupam to make any more guidance on this. I hope you appreciate. Apologies if I'm 
not giving you more detailed colour on this. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Sure, sir. We have done really well in terms of Tanfac, and I hope we will continue the same in 
Bliss. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Firstly, congratulations on a great set of results, sir. Sir, just wanted to know like in terms of the 
revenue that we can do this year from our existing three companies, Anupam, Tanfac, and 
Jayhawk, what kind of revenue can we achieve in FY27, sir? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Sorry, I couldn't hear you. If you can just please... 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Yes. I was saying that what kind of revenue can we see in FY27 from our existing companies, 
ex of Bliss because whenever Bliss gets consummated, that's not completely in our hands, right? 
So the three company, what kind of revenue can we see... 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So if you see, what we had also mentioned earlier in our call and this also, we believe that the 
number will continue to be in the range of 25 plus or minus a couple of percentage points in 
terms of our revenue growth on an organic basis. And with the addition of the Jayhawk, that 
number will be added because Jayhawk was not counted in our last year's revenue, any 
significant revenue. So another 10% to 15% of additional growth will come because of the 
addition of Jayhawk's revenue line. So that's the kind of a number that we should be seeing as 
we go further. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. Okay. So sir, just wanted to know this quarter is Jayhawk has contributed around INR150 
crores, INR140 crores, right, sir? So last year, it was not there, right? So then we will not have 
seen a huge growth this year, right? Like ex of Jayhawk contribution, right, our growth would 
have been single digit? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Yes, it has been single digit. And as Anand bhai and Gopal bhai and Amit bhai mentioned in 
their opening remarks, that Q1 is typically a more tepid quarter for us seasonally. And hence, it 
is in this range. As we see going forward, we should be able to achieve the numbers that we have 
been suggesting. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. Okay. Okay. Fair enough. Fair enough. Sir, in terms of Bliss, By when can the full 
transaction be concluded, Will it be by the end of the year? 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Bliss, as I said, that the transaction should be consummated in the first half of September. And 
then the integration would start where we will sit with the management and work with them in 
terms of what kind of support that they would need from us, what kind of integration that we 
want to do, all that conversation will start from September, post consummation of the 
transaction. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Meet from JM Financial. 
Meet: 
Sir, I remember we are talking about semicon in the last two calls. So just wanted to understand 
what is the progress there? And what are we doing on the chemicals and the semiconductor side? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So yes, thanks, Meet, for asking that. Semicon is really, really growing very fast for us. And 
there is a very strong traction that we are seeing across existing customers that we've been talking 
and the new customers that are being added to our semicon portfolio. So to that extent, yes, 
semicon is becoming a very, very interesting growth trajectory for us. 
 
And with Jayhawk coming in, it is only accelerating that process for us because Jayhawk has a 
very, very good validation and an existing portfolio of products, which are going into the 
semicon industry. So put together with Anupam and Jayhawk, it is becoming a very strong 
growth factor for us as we go. 
Meet: 
Sir, any colour on product approvals or commercialization or maybe revenue contribution that 
we are planning to scale up in the next 3, 4 years? Any broad idea you can give on that? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Meet, I couldn't hear you. Can you just repeat, please? 
Meet: 
Yes. So I was just trying to ask the colour on the numbers. So what stage of approval cycle are 
we in some of these products? Have we commercialized some of them? What kind of revenue 
contribution can we see, say, in the next couple of years? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So see, there have been a lot of working together as well. But if you look at Jayhawk today, 
actually, a fairly reasonable level of their revenue is coming from semicon end market. And if 
you see their LinkedIn profile, they have given a lot of focus and details about their 
manufacturing products and their applications. 
 
It's pretty well application across defense and semicon. And Anupam also, right now, we are in 
the process of getting commercial validation process on the products. So that's what I can say 
for now, Meet. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jash, an Individual Investor. 
Jash: 
My question is regarding the Bliss acquisition. So are we raising any debt to fund the acquisition? 
And what will be the structure for it? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So Jash, thank you. What we have earlier also indicated, we continue that it will be in the similar 
way, where we are creating a fully owned subsidiary of Anupam, which will acquire the stake 
that we are planning to acquire from the selling shareholders of Bliss. There, we will be taking 
a debt of around about INR300 crores. 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
 
And the balance consideration shall be raised through an equity-linked instrument, which would 
be the total balance of the total consideration. So that is how we are looking at funding it. And 
this equity-linked instrument, Anupam will have a right to buy them out at any given point in 
time as and when they decide. So that's the transaction structure that we are envisaging for this 
acquisition. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Gupta from Financially Free. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
So I just have one question regarding Bliss, sir. So sir, in Bliss, if we can see that Bliss is mainly 
formulation-oriented and Anupam is mainly intermediate-oriented when it comes to Pharma 
side, sir, so is there any plan of acquiring an API company, sir? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So what we had mentioned earlier, that we will look at an access to an API facility to have an 
integrated platform. And that, as I said, once we have consummated this transaction, we'll sit 
with the management of Bliss and work with them to see what kind of an asset we should be 
acquiring, when should we be acquiring, where should be acquiring, what kind of capabilities 
we should have our own plant for the same. However, we would like to sit with them and finalize 
those. That's how we would be looking at access to the API facility that we are envisaging. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
Got it, sir. And sir, currently, do we have any company in our pipeline or we are exploring -- 
just in an exploring stage? Or do we have any such opportunity in our pipeline? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So as I said earlier also that what we will tend to do is we keep exploring opportunities. We'll 
continue to explore opportunities in this approach. And once there is something meaningful, and 
there will be some, which we will be sitting with the management first before I would like to say 
that, yes, this is the opportunity which we feel is right for us to acquire, especially when we are 
talking about any pharma API assets because the inputs from the existing management of Bliss 
will be that much more critical. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
Got it, sir. And sir, the funding will be from equity or it will be a mix of equity and debt or any 
other mix? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So if you look at Bliss today, they're sitting on a cash flow of over INR200-odd crores, and they 
have a very healthy balance sheet, with no debt on the balance sheet. So I don't see any 
requirement of large external capital for acquisition of any API asset that will be there. 
 
And if there is any further requirement, the balance sheet is pretty robust for them to leverage if 
they have to leverage a bit of it. But today, I don't see it. They have a very strong receivables 
also, which can be a source of capital also for us. So I would leave it that it is well funded for its 
own growth, including any assets if they need to acquire or build. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
Meaning, sir, cash flow is sufficient, and it means our internal accruals will be sufficient to do 
that acquisition. Is my understanding correct? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Yes. 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Saurabh Gupta: 
And sir, the second question that I have on the Halol CDMO side, sir. So what will be the time 
line for this, sir, if you provide some color on that, sir? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Please appreciate they are a listed entity. I am a listed entity and we have not consummated this 
transaction. So I would not want to make a statement on their behalf. So if you can pardon me 
and wait for a quarter more, probably we'll be able to give you a better approach to that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nishant Batra from Dholakia Ventures. 
Nishant Batra: 
I wanted to understand what are the synergies that we're expecting from Jayhawk. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So as we had mentioned, Jayhawk is very strong in terms of their semicon, defense and 
performance material products. They have a lot of their acquisitions and access to customers and 
valuations. And Anupam has a complementary portfolio of products, which can be 
complemented with those products as well, and we will be working with them to get into this 
joint offering. 
 
Bain & Co, one of the large consulting firm, global consulting firm, is working with us to run 
the PMO and IMO for us, where we are able to assess and realize, assess those joint capabilities 
and synergies. And that's what we are, right now, going to the customers and offering us. 
 
This will help us, Anupam, as well in terms of getting contributions from semicon and electronic 
portfolio for Anupam as well, which will be a very high value-added product for us as we go. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today from the participants. I would now 
like to hand over the conference to management for their closing comments. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today, especially on a Friday, to give us that 
time. So I really appreciate you coming in and actively participating. I hope we have been able 
to answer all your questions. If there are any further questions, please feel free to get connected 
with SGA, who will help you in getting the answers or communicating with us. Thank you, and 
have a good weekend. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Anupam Rasayan India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
