 
E2E Networks Limited 
              CIN-    L72900DL2009PLC341980           
     Uppal's Genesis A-32, Block B, Mohan Cooperative 
     Industrial Estate, Badarpur, New Delhi 110044 
 Email: cs@e2enetworks.com, Website https://www.e2enetworks.com/ 
 
 
Date: July 28, 2026 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (‘NSE’) 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 
051, Maharashtra, India 
(Script Symbol: E2E) 
To,  
The Manager- Listing  
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001  
Maharashtra, India 
(Scrip Code: 544783) 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts/Investor Earnings Conference Call for Q1/FY27 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the 
Transcript of Analysts/Investor Earnings Conference Call, which was held on Wednesday, July 22, 2026, 
at 08:00 AM (IST) to discuss the Company’s Q1FY27 earnings.  
The aforesaid information shall also be made available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.e2enetworks.com/.  
 
Kindly take this on record.  
 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
For E2E Networks Limited 
 
  
 
Ronit 
Company secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI M. No.: A59215 
 
 
 
 
RONIT
Digitally signed 
by RONIT 
Date: 2026.07.28 
11:25:54 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
July 22, 2026 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. TARUN DUA – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MR. NITIN JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MODERATOR: 
MS. VANESSA FERNANDES – INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
ADFACTORS PR 
 
 
 
          
 
 
            
                     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2026 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to E2E Networks Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Vanessa Fernandes from the Investor Relations team at Adfactors 
PR. Thank you and over to you, Ms. Vanessa. 
Vanessa Fernandes: 
Good morning, everyone. On behalf of E2E Networks Limited, I would like to welcome you all to the 
Earnings Conference call for Q1 FY27. Today on the call, we have with us from the management, Mr. 
Tarun Dua, Managing Director of E2E Networks; and Mr. Nitin Jain, Chief Financial Officer of E2E 
Networks. 
 
We will begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, followed by a Q&A session. 
All participant lines will be in listen-only mode during the management's remarks and the floor will be 
open for questions thereafter.  
Please note that certain statements made during this call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-
looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or projections to 
differ materially from those statements. E2E Networks holds no responsibility for any actions taken based 
on such statements and undertakes no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements. 
 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Tarun Dua for his opening remarks. Over to you, Tarun.  
Tarun Dua: 
Thanks, Vanessa. And hi, everyone. Good morning to all of you, and we hope you had a good last couple 
of months, since we last spoke. And I'm trying to do a very brief coverage of some of the progress that 
we have made during the last quarter. And then also briefly touch upon how we see ourselves in today's 
world. And then I'll hand over the call to Nitin to talk about some of the financial highlights of this quarter, 
and then we'll be opening the floor for questions.  
So in this quarter we have had a couple of milestones, major amongst those being that we went live with 
our Blackwell. So, 1,024 Blackwell that we received during last few months went online, and they were 
put on revenue.  
 
Now that was the major thing. We continue to strengthen our sovereign AI platform, which we'll be 
talking more about why we believe that is the future. And then we have seen some of the revenues also 
scaling up on our platform. 
 
Apart from this, we have continued to make investments into our technology platforms in terms of 
strengthening our team and organization. And we are very focused on helping build an ecosystem of 
customers and partners who can help us become a high-growth organization. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2026 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
Now coming back to Sovereign AI and why Sovereign AI is important. In the past, we have spoken about 
why we are trying to gravitate toward higher value tokens. Now when we look at the state of the open 
source today, in terms of where the open-source models are, what we find is that they are very close 
behind the frontier models, which are available only through API access. 
 
Now sovereign models using a new cloud operator or an AI factory like E2E Networks, you are able to 
deploy within your own boundary where you control using our platform, like how the model would be 
deployed? How would the model be fine-tuned? What data can the model access? What is the state that 
model can retain? What is the state that model should forget? You can control everything using the 
Sovereign AI platform that we have built. 
 
So the open-weight models today running on top of us, the AI factory, using the software platforms that 
we have built, including TIR and Jarvis Labs, You have 3 layers that form the base of how the customer 
is going to kind of use their own Sovereign AI and on top of that, you can put your own agentic framework 
of being able to observe, think and act which is something that acts as a harness, which is the execution 
loop that runs your observe, think cycle with a state tracking and tool invocation, and wrap like your raw 
model into reliable workflows that you as an enterprise would essentially use. 
 
Now with open source coming very, very close to how the frontier models are working, we are very close 
to achieving AI Sovereignty for our customers, where all four components interoperate with each other 
using the software that we provide to our customers, and that is what we believe is the key for E2E to be 
able to help the customers leverage the entire E2E pack using open source to make organizations AI 
enabled. 
 
So more from the perspective of either running their own in-house small language models or even large 
language models, which are proprietary to them, or help them fine-tune open source models, which are 
now very close to capability in terms of where frontier models lie today. 
 
So we are able to capture value for our customers at each of these layers as opposed to frontier models, 
which are not owned, but only rented and are subject to various risks, both of the nature of political as 
well as simply because a private organization controls who can access their models and who they would 
suddenly decide that this is not a legitimate use case, let us shut down this customer. 
 
So open-source based model on Sovereign AI factory like us eliminates that risk of someone sitting a 
couple of thousand miles away and judging you for how you're going to use your AI. So as a company, 
we are very focused on building the operating leverage for us on the principle of do less and do better. 
This allows us to have higher quality partnerships and higher future growth without us relying on chasing 
vanity metrics. 
 
So, with that, I would like to hand over the call to Nitin where he can explain how we have done this 
quarter based on some of the philosophies that we have spoken about. Over to you, Nitin. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2026 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
Nitin Jain: 
Thank you, Tarun. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I will walk you through the 
financial performance for the first quarter of FY2027. Let me start with the quarterly highlights. Revenue 
for the quarter stands at INR1,568 million, which is up 334% year-on-year and 64% quarter-on-quarter. 
 
EBITDA stood at INR1,179 million with margins expanding up to 75.2%. EBITDA margin expanded by 
1,450 basis points compared to Q4 2026. We clocked profit before tax at INR586 million compared to 
INR86 million in Q4. The PAT stood at INR439 million. The performance for the quarter is driven by 
operating leverage and the B200 cluster going live. 
 
Now I would like to open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from the line 
of Neel Munot with Eco Capital. 
Neel Munot: 
Sir, this current quarter revenue and MRR jump, can you give us a mix between volume and utilization 
versus pricing? How much is driven by utilization? How much is driven by pricing? 
Tarun Dua: 
So we are talking about revenue., of course, there is expansion both in terms of utilization and addition 
of capacity, which have both majorly driven by revenue as opposed to just pricing alone where we have 
seen a very moderate impact in this previous -- the quarter that went by. 
Neel Munot: 
Understood. And sir, the new B200 that we've deployed mid-May, have they been committed fully in 
terms of capacity, as in, in terms of utilization? 
Tarun Dua: 
Yes, it's quite a maximal utilization of capacity that we have. 
Neel Munot: 
And sir, on Indian AI nation, did they commit to Indian AI nation or on our own platform? 
Tarun Dua: 
So currently, we are in a process of working with the customers around these GPUs, and kind of like, in 
a couple of weeks, we can figure out how this moves forward in the future. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Bharat Gulati with Dalal & Broacha Stock Broking. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Just regarding utilization levels for our H100, H200 and B200, so what would have been the exact mix 
in the exit MRR for this quarter? And what would -- how much more runway do we have to grow? I 
understand we've announced a price hike in the month of July. So, what kind of impact is that going to 
have on us in Q2 in terms of MRR growth? 
Tarun Dua: 
See, we are majorly focused on increasing the utilization of the existing fleet, which is pretty much at 
maximum level compared to any previous quarter. Now that being said, the major growth will come from 
capacity additions as opposed to majorly on the price hike side is what we believe. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2026 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
Bharat Gulati: 
Got it. And sir, you just spoke about SovCloud. So just trying to understand that these Sovereign 
workflows that we are hosting, are they yielding a better EBIT margin? Are they sort of asset light in 
nature and the private cloud business that we had iterated a couple of quarters back? Has that started to 
kick in? If you can show -- throw some light on that? 
Tarun Dua: 
You see the operating leverage is obviously kicking in as we have increased the amount of capacity. Now 
you asked a bunch of questions. So SovCloud essentially is a subsidiary, where the idea is to be able to 
hold and contract large-scale CPU clusters. Then you asked like a couple of more things like if you could 
repeat. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Bhavya Gandhi with Bajaj Alternate Investment Management 
Limited. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Congratulations, sir, on very good set of numbers. Commendable. I just wanted to understand next the 
B200 deliveries, when can we expect any timeline, if you can provide? 
Tarun Dua: 
So, we expect them to be here in the next couple of months. We'll obviously be keeping everyone involved 
once they are there. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Okay. And sir, would you like to guide for exit MRR full year basis this year? 
Tarun Dua: 
See, we don't provide guidance on MRR. We always, advise everyone to look at what we have done in 
the past rather than, predict the future. So again, we would like to reiterate that let's look at the past one 
by quarter exit MRR, whether they predict something for the future. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Nishant Joshi with Equisense Advisors Private Limited. 
Nishant Joshi: 
I have a query regarding B200. Can you give a bifurcation how much of the revenue is coming from 
inference and how much comes from training? And can you give an outlook for the next 2 to 3 quarters, 
how this ratio would change? 
Tarun Dua: 
See, we are pretty small in terms of size and volume. So major volumes, of course, continue to be on 
training. Now that being said, we have increasingly seen that while people run their training clusters 
during their working hours, they also utilize the same clusters for running inference during the night. 
 
So pretty much hard to pin down the fungibility of compute to say that, okay, when the workload is 
training and when the workload is inference, we've seen both the use cases being run in parallel where 
you can't put a specific number to, how many GPUs are on training and how many GPUs are on inference. 
Pretty much both the workloads along with agentic workloads, continue to be run on the same 
infrastructure. 
Nishant Joshi: 
So sir, is it that margins are better on training part and pretty lower on the inference part? Profit margins... 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2026 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
Tarun Dua: 
It's very hard to measure like what part is there on training and inference. Now eventually, at a global 
level of compute, inference will have a preponderance over training. But on a very small subset of GPUs, 
we are literally talking about 5,000 or so GPUs, It’s very hard to, say, what percentage is on training 
today and what percentage is on inference. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Keshav with Niveshaay. 
Keshav: 
Congratulations on the great quarter. So if you could help us understand the recent subsidiaries, the 
Delaware entity and the GPU infrastructure entity, and I think you already spoke about SovCloud. So 
whether this, any of these vendors financing or maybe asset vehicle or maybe if you can just throw some 
light on that? 
Tarun Dua: 
Sorry, I didn't really understand your question. Can you repeat? Your voice was not super clear. 
Keshav: 
Yes. Actually, we recently set up entities in Delaware and the GPU infrastructure entity and the 
SovCloud. I think you have already spoken about that. So, if you can give us some color on the 
subsidiaries, please? 
Tarun Dua: 
Sure. So SovCloud is essentially an infrastructure subsidiary, very focused on build-out of the 
infrastructure. And the U.S. entity, the Delaware entity, obviously is focused on selling in the international 
market and being able to establish presence outside India, where we can work both towards market 
excellence as well as do alliance management, as well as service customers who are outside India. 
Keshav: 
Sure. And I think on the presentation you mentioned under the SovCloud section that large-scale GPU 
deployment and enabling funding arrangement to accelerate this AI infrastructure. If you can provide 
some strategic insights into the plan? 
Tarun Dua: 
So very early days. as we do more, we'll obviously announce that. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Varun Gandhi with Finavenue Growth Fund. 
Varun Gandhi: 
Again, great set. Very positively surprised. Number one would be on the margins. Going forward, should 
we expect these sorts of gross margins to be normal, because it's the best margin we've seen in the recent 
history? 
Tarun Dua: 
Yes. So it's a combination of increased utilization, and a very robust demand scenario in the market. And 
also, majorly driven by operating leverage as we grow larger. Now as we grow in size, we obviously 
intend to have a judicious mix for both contracted revenue as well as the on-demand and spot revenue. 
And also explore various AI services in terms of inference and agentic based on open-source model. So, 
I do believe that this is quite sustainable over the medium term and potentially the long term. 
Varun Gandhi: 
Got it. Secondly, is there a chance you could share a mix between revenue contribution by customers - 
for example, enterprise, AI customers, start-ups? 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2026 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
Tarun Dua: 
See, we're quite small for that right now. So let us grow. Try to focus on growing bigger because these 
become tracking metrics for everyone once we say this is important and then people start tracking some 
things. And then there is potentially no relevant for these metrics today. 
 
So my advice would be that let us not do this today. I think at certain point of time, at a certain scale, 
probably it would start making sense. Today at 5,000 GPUs and another 1,000 coming in, still the size is 
too small to start talking about these metrics is what we believe. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Vedant with Nirmal Bang Securities. 
Vedant: 
Firstly, congratulations, Tarun, on the great set of numbers. My question pertains to the outlook on AI 
industries. We are listening to some kind of AI bubble, and simultaneously China developing some AI 
models, which are cheap and very competitive to American model. So what are the comments on that part? 
And if something happen -- like, AI commoditization happens. So how do you see... 
Tarun Dua: 
So what we believe in this is that, essentially it has still been in the world of AI. If you are plugged into the 
AI ecosystem, I think every week, there are some very significant pieces of news related to AI technology. 
Some of them tend to get fixed up by media and blown out of proportion and people start to pay attention 
to that. 
 
We believe that some of those things which are equally important are completely lower. So it is still day 
zero of AI. We are still in the midst of largest build-outs in the history of IT itself where the whole world 
is building the AI super cycle. And I think we are at the beginning of that AI super cycle. And it's still day 
zero at AI. 
 
I don't think we should worry too much about, okay, this happened. And will the whole AI industry 
compress because of this one event or this new thing that is happening. So, I don't think we have come to 
that sort of stage anywhere where one particular new items that we are hearing is going to change the whole 
AI industry. I don't think that's the case today. 
 
I think pretty much we are seeing a very broad trend where most organizations in their AI adoption are 
fairly early, except for AI native, everyone else is fairly early in the ecosystem. And I think the runway for 
AI is very, very long. I think in the past, we have spoken about this is a decadal theme. I think we've just 
begun that decadal theme of AI adoption amongst the organization. I don't think we should start worrying 
about this for that news item. 
 
Like I said, there is a lot of news on AI which doesn't get captured by media, which is equally important. 
Some of the things get captured and then get blown out of the position. So I wouldn't worry too much about 
any of the news items related to AI, which either are predicting tomorrow the world of AI is changing or 
tomorrow there is a scenario in AI, I don't think either of them are true. I hope I have been able to answer 
your questions. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2026 
Page 8 of 15 
 
 
Vedant: 
Yes. You expressed your views. And my second question is, there was some computing shortage, I think 
so, that's why your realizations have increased some bit. So how you see it going forward on the realization 
part, the demand supply gap between the computing GPUs? 
Tarun Dua: 
We have to look at over a couple of years. So, the compute needs would come in phases. So, there would 
be phases where there is shortage of demand, there would be phases where there is a shortage of supply. 
 
Eventually, if you look at like a long enough cycle of 5, 6 years, or any particular set of assets, they will 
see both good times and maybe slight bad times, where hopefully there's increasing adoption, all of these 
would smooth out a lot more where customers would be able to predict demand in advance. And the supply 
side would react accordingly. 
 
And eventually that demand would match supply in a way that like nobody is losing money, whether it is 
the buyers for AI compute or whether it is the sellers for AI compute, I think we'll all find our equilibrium 
in the medium term. Majorly we are not really talking about the increased pricing resulting in the 
tremendous set of numbers. Majorly, our numbers reflect the increased capacity and increased operating 
leverage more than anything else. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Shubham Tamrakar, CFA with Alturas. 
Shubham Tamrakar: 
Great set of numbers. Sir, I have a question with respect to the price increase. I'm just trying to understand 
how much capacity is still there at old prices? And - is there any pushback you're seeing when we increase 
our prices? 
Tarun Dua: 
Okay. So essentially, we are in this for a long term. Now what we find is that, for every generation that we 
deploy, there will be ups and downs in each of those generations, and eventually each generation of GPUs 
will find their sweet spot in terms of price performance ratios. 
 
And obviously all contracts need to be honored wherever we enter into contracts with customers, whether 
they are advantages to us or whether they could be slightly disadvantageous to us. Essentially, we are here 
to play for the long term. 
 
So with regard to pushback on pricing, I think making sure that the customers are able to find value in our 
software and orchestration platform and are able to experience our solutioning and support. And we are 
able to access higher quality customers is more important to us than worry about pricing alone as a way to 
do business. 
 
So, our goal is to kind of -- have a very harmonious relationship with our customer. And I do believe that 
customers do understand that the market is offering a certain set of goods and services at a certain price, 
and that needs to be respected. 
 
And I don't feel that there is a very inactive, pushback from the customers this is something that has to be 
available at its price and continue to be available at this price. Of course, post-contracts, the price needs to 
be renegotiated and most customers are happy to renegotiate the price based on the current market scenario 
and current market conditions. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2026 
Page 9 of 15 
 
 
Shubham Tamrakar: 
Fine. And sir, second question with respect to the time lines of full capacity and the capex plan that 
we are thinking of. So, if you can help us to understand this also?  
Tarun Dua: 
We obviously plan to deploy the B200 as soon as a new lot becomes available to us. And we are 
expecting that to happen soon over the next couple of months. And apart from that, we obviously 
plan to build more capacity in terms of more Blackwell including non-flagship Blackwell as well. 
And also, we have plans to expand our capacity into Vera Rubin. and when we have immediate 
figures for, we are going to deploy x number of GPUs of this generation. 
 
We'll obviously come and talk about that. So, for now, I would like to maintain that we are both 
aggressive as well as judicious in terms of our capacity expansion. And being a AI factory, a neocloud 
owning its own platform, for us, definitely getting more GPUs is like the way forward for us, and we 
would continue to do that. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Rohan Nagpal with Helios Capital. 
Rohan Nagpal: 
Great set of numbers. So, I had a question on renewed CPU pricing that you had intimated customers 
about? So, two questions on that. One, is it driven purely by market conditions changing and demand 
increasing? Or is there an underlying cost pressure as driving the cost increase over there? 
 
And the second thing is you intimated a price increase going live and you rolled it back and you push 
it out a little further. So, if you could just talk about the dynamics over there. 
Tarun Dua: 
Sure, so see, primarily on CPU, it's not a very major volume from a revenue perspective today for 
us. That being said, we would like to continue to add CPU, which is what necessitates increase in 
pricing for the CPU customers because at whatever price point we offer our services, we would like 
our services to be of the highest quality. And to maintain that quality, the requirement was that we 
should be able to charge more. Now we obviously propose that to our longer-term customers. There 
was an ask from the customers that, whatever we are already using, is there a way to preserve the 
price point for us. So, where we offered that kind of like contract some of the capacity for a slightly 
longer term, say, 1 year or 2 years, then we can hold the current price on the duration of the contract, 
which is an option that many of our customers choose. 
 
Then they said that, we'll pay you some advance, and we'll increase the contract length from normal 
1 month to about a year or 6 months or 9 months or even more than a year. So many of the customers 
came back and they agreed to that. So that's the main dynamic around CPU pricing where the 
customers wanted to hold the current price, we were able to give them an option that, yes, why not 
contract out the capacity that you are already using for slightly longer terms. 
 
And then we can proceed with the revision of your current contracted capacity, which allows us to 
service you at a higher quality and which allows us to continue to expand the capacity, especially 
since the price of hardware from a CPU perspective has increased by a much larger percentage 
compared to the price of hardware on the GPU side. because e the cost of memory that has increased 
has hit the CPU side much higher in percentage terms than the GPUs. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2026 
Page 10 of 15 
 
 
 
So, to accommodate that, we had to, in fact, increase the price of both the GPUs and CPUs. And it's 
not just about the higher demand scenario that's associated with the price increase. So it was also that 
some of these inputs cost actually increased for us. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Ashish Ajit Golechha with Bee Ventures LLP Fund. 
Ashish Golechha: 
Congratulations. Tarun, the question was that, in the PPT you mentioned that you have started 
preliminary standing for next-generation architectures like NVIDIA, B300 and Vera Rubin. Now 
you know that considering the current compressed life cycle of AI hardware, which you always 
mentioned in earlier calls, how do you protect the ROIC for the older Hopper and early Blackwell 
customer, because what happens you only, in your last 2, 3 con calls, you've mentioned that client 
preferences shift aggressively downstream. So this is my first question. And second question, I will 
ask when you finish this question? 
Tarun Dua: 
Okay. Sure. Let me try and answer the question as best as I can we've always maintained that at least 
at the minimum a 6-year life cycle for all the GPU generations. And we have seen even our older 
generations continue to run very strong with our customers. 
 
So every generation will run through its life cycle where eventually it finds a sweet spot of price and 
performance thresholds aided increasingly by increase in performance and efficiency -- of the open 
source model and fine-tuning that a lot of people share in open source that, how do we get an H100 
to perform this much on this open source model in terms of tokens per second or latency or H100 or 
H200 or B200 or the new generations of B300 or Vera Rubin. So, all of that put together gives the 
GPUs quite a long-life cycle. 
 
So, where we believe that long life cycle is conducive to monetize those GPUs through almost like 
5 to 6 years. And, kind of like, we don't see foresee that there is an active price compression because 
of the newer generation GPU coming in because newer generation will have its own sweet spot for 
price performance ratio for some of the newer models. 
 
But like whoever is using the smaller model or older models, or people who have built their own 
proprietary SLMs, they don't necessarily intend to go for the latest generation GPU at a much higher 
price point because a newer model will obviously have like an increasingly higher cost, whatever 
percentage that number is. 
Ashish Golechha: 
Okay. Tarun, other question is, the accelerated computing now is deeply anchored to NVIDIA 
ecosystem. So, considering I wanted to talk regarding the ASIC threat, how does E2E threshold 
propose to integrate non-architecture -- non-NVIDIA architecture into the TIR platform, because if 
the enterprise demand diversifies, how do you address this issue? I hope I am clear on this? 
Tarun Dua: 
Not super clear, but like what I heard I'll try to answer that. So, we have worked the longest time on 
GPUs with NVIDIA all the way from 2019 onwards. And obviously, they have certain best practices, 
and they have released a lot of open-source around how to kind of integrate and wrap around your 
GPUs in your platform. So, there is a lot of opinion over there from NVIDIA. And we continue to  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2026 
Page 11 of 15 
 
 
incorporate a lot of opinion and advice and their open source software into our platform so that we 
continue to do. 
 
That being said, we are also open to integrating any accelerated computing platform into our platform 
wherever our software can be compatible with anything. We are super happy to extend our software 
to encompass any technology from any providers. We are quite vendor-neutral in that respect. I hope 
I was able to answer your question. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Abhishek Shindadkar with InCred Capital. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: 
Congrats on an amazing quarter. Just 2 questions, one is on the sustainability and the visibility of the 
current performance. So, basis all the operating metrics that you may be tracking internally, if you 
can just give a color in terms of the sustainability and the visibility of this performance going into 
this 2Q and 3Q. 
 
And second, you highlighted it, but just wanted to understand, are customers now trying to lock in 
capacity for longer given both the increase in the prices and what we are seeing in the entire hardware 
ecosystem, especially from a supply chain perspective? And does that kind of improve the annuity 
visibility for us, given historically we had short cycle capacity as well. 
Tarun Dua: 
So, definitely, like, there are customers who do prefer, , longer-term contracts because they would 
not like their prices to increase, very nearly, because they were on-demand or monthly or very short-
term contracts. And there, again, we have seen increased demand from the customer side where they 
would like to see longer term contracts of 1, 2 to 3 years coming their way. 
 
And so, as we judiciously move some percentage of our capacity, we haven't decided what percentage 
that should be. So that definitely builds in predictability for the demand that we have for our capacity 
and build some predictability into the revenue, so we'll obviously continue to explore those options 
as well as execute those options. 
 
And we have done some of that and we have honed some of that in the past as well. And we would 
continue to increasingly do so as well. And, some of our capacity to have the flexibility of where we 
are able to charge higher where the demand goes up. So that also will continue to do. You had one 
more question, can you repeat the second part of your question? 
Abhishek Shindadkar: 
Yes, the first question was about the visibility and the sustainability of the current quarterly 
performance? 
Tarun Dua: 
Right. So, this is, in our belief, quite sustainable because I think each of the generations which are 
already there are finding their sweet spot in terms of price performance. And we believe that over 
the period of terms, they are quite sustainable. And as those price points, quite a few customers are 
very willing to sign up longer-term contracts. So, we find there is a lot of predictability over there. 
Both predictability as well as sustainability of the revenue. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Bharat Gulati with Dalal & Broacha Stock Broking. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2026 
Page 12 of 15 
 
 
Bharat Gulati: 
So just two parts to my question for Tarun, sir. Firstly, the breakup last quarter for domestic and 
foreign business was 60-40, and India AI mission was about 40% last quarter. So, what has that 
trended to this quarter? And in terms of your ambition for, let's say, 2 years out, how many GPUs 
should we be sitting at? And just I have a follow-up for Nitin sir, after this. 
Tarun Dua: 
Sure. So, with regards to capacity building, we have already said that we intend to be more judicious 
as well as aggressive. Now from a revenue composition in the previous quarter, I think India AI 
revenue was about 20%, 21%. And international was closer to 37% or so. And rest is like all domestic 
revenue. So yes, those are the numbers. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Got that. And just one for Nitin, sir, is with regards -- just a couple of bookkeeping questions with 
regard to the interest cost spike we've seen during this quarter. Is that due to some debt we've taken 
on for the capex? And regarding the DC cost that hits the P&L, has it completely got baked into this 
quarter's number? Should we see that flat lining going forward? 
Nitin Jain: 
So, in terms of the interest portion, you are right, the interest is because of the loan that we have taken 
across to fund the first lot of B200. And second, in terms of the cost for DC costs, it would fluctuate 
to the extent as the usage would be increasing. So, the electricity portion would keep on increasing. 
Bharat Gulati: 
And what percentage would that be of our entire DC cost? I understand our DC costs for the quarter 
was close to 23... 
Tarun Dua: 
See, these are not like super granular numbers. Broadly a lot of the cost for existing capacity is 
already baked in for this quarter. And in the coming quarters, some of that cost would increase, but 
I don't think that would be a very massive percentage. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Bhavya Gandhi with Bajaj Alternate Investment Management 
Limited. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Sir, two questions. One is regarding the absolute loan and capex for the loan amount outstanding as 
of the quarter and the total capex plan for the year. And the second question is regarding, you 
mentioned in the PPT, we are looking for funding requirements for Sovereign Cloud,. So, if you can 
throw some light on that as well. 
Tarun Dua: 
Sorry, I didn't understand the question. What you're talking about, SovCloud, what is the exact 
question on that? 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Yes. So, what are the funding requirements that we are looking for SovCloud? Any plans if you can 
share on SovCloud. I believe in the PPT you mentioned about.. 
Tarun Dua: 
See, we always say that let us build and execute the plans and then, kind of like, put them out there. 
So, as we build and execute the plan, we would obviously make everyone aware of those plans. And 
what was the other question? 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2026 
Page 13 of 15 
 
 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Absolute loan amount, if you can mention short-term, long-term debt for the year and the capex plans 
for the year. 
Tarun Dua: 
I'll let Nitin answer the question related to the loan. 
Nitin Jain: 
So, the loan, which stands as of now is broadly INR 450 crores, which with the other lot coming in 
picture, it would be increasing across in the near term. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Yes. Possible to quantify that, sir, total loan amount, peak debt for the year? 
Nitin Jain: 
We will not be quantifying that amount. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Ashish Ajit Golechha with Bee Ventures LLP Fund. 
Ashish Golechha: 
My question was, the preferential issue total around 2 years was INR1.9 crores. So, I wanted to 
understand, are you planning further equity raise also because, point is, whatever the capex which 
you have basically shown earlier, wanted to understand where has that INR881.1 crores capex gone? 
If you could share the utilization. It would be really great. This is my first question, Sir. 
Tarun Dua: 
So let Nitin answer the question about utilization of preferential funds, which were allocated towards 
the capex. That  is one. And second, whatever GPUs we have already announced, their funding is 
fully arranged and backstopped by debt or internal accruals or previous equity raises. So that is 
already arranged for. And with regard to like any future for equity raises? Obviously, we would let 
everyone know if and when that happens. 
Ashish Golechha: 
Okay. Nitin, sir, another thing was, in the Q4 call, the 3,900 figure was described as CPU and GPU 
storage, all capacities put together. But the current PPT which you have shared yesterday, which is 
very good, present that 3,900 and 5,100 on a chart titled GPU trajectory. So this 5,100, is this what 
you are accelerating the blended capacity unit. I hope my question is clear. 
Nitin Jain: 
Yes. So nearly 5,100 is the current capacity, which is live on our platform today. That's the number 
of GPUs which are live today. So that does not include another 1,024 B200 we are expecting soon. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Chirag Satiya with Satiya Investment. 
Chirag Satiya: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand the financial dynamics of the strategic partnership with L&T? 
Tarun Dua: 
Okay. So, what is the exact question over there? 
Chirag Satiya: 
I mean, in terms of revenue, how does it work out for you? How do they pay you or something? 
Tarun Dua: 
Sure. So, let's see, L&T is an arm's length partner, where we are working with them to, kind of like, 
utilize their data center capacity. So, we are a buyer over there. They tend to utilize our cloud 
infrastructure where they are the buyer. And then jointly with regard to our platform, we do go to 
customers. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2026 
Page 14 of 15 
 
 
 
So that's how the arrangement is basically. And tomorrow, if L&T is building compute capacity, then 
we are also looking to partner with them and offtake some of that capacity. So all relationships at 
arm's length are present and we'll continue to kind of operationalize over a period of time. 
Chirag Satiya: 
Okay. And second question is, how do you see the growth trajectory in the next 2 to 3 years? 
Tarun Dua: 
Okay we have mentioned that basically AI is entering into a huge super cycle. So we fully intend to 
be a part of that build-out in terms of both the infrastructure capacity is again aggressively and 
judiciously. 
 
And in terms of the build-out of our platform, where our platform is able to increasingly help our 
customers do more in terms of, whether it is training their in-house models or fine tuning open-source 
model, or running inference at a scale or running agentic harnesses that are able to take care of their 
enterprise AI-driven processes. So, we want to be able to help our customers qualitatively in all these 
aspects. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Sucrit Patil with Eyesight Fintrade Private Limited. 
Sucrit Patil: 
I have two questions. The first question to Mr. Dua is - this quarter's growth is very good. But the 
cloud industry is entering a tougher phase, hyperscalers are scaling aggressively, customers are 
getting harder on pricing, and technological cycles are also getting short. How do you see the 
company positioning itself to... 
Tarun Dua: 
See, we have been in this business for 16-plus years. So, we have seen everything. So cycles will 
continue, there will be good times, there will be bad times. But we are very confident that for every 
cycle, we will continue to grow. So that's what we believe in. 
Sucrit Patil: 
My second question for Mr. Jain is, how -- I just want to understand how are you approaching the 
balance between funding expansion, keeping liquidity strong and ensuring shareholders return? 
Looking ahead to the next quarter, any road map that can give a layout? 
Nitin Jain: 
So, I think from a funding perspective, we keep a balance between the funding and the building up 
capacity aggressively and judicially. So there, we keep quite a balance that we should not be too 
aggressive or we should not miss the bus, which is the India AI bus, sorry, which is the AI bus. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question-and-
answer session. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Tarun Dua for closing comments. 
Tarun Dua: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us this early in the morning. And I hope we have been able to 
answer most of your questions. And we do welcome this interaction. And any further questions, 
please do reach out to us at investors@e2enetworks.com. And we will reach out to you and answer 
all your queries. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2026 
Page 15 of 15 
 
 
And we hope to keep you updated about our ongoing expansion plan and, keep you informed about 
what we are building on the platform, how we are seeing things and we hope to keep communicating. 
And a very good morning once again to everyone, have a good day. 
 
And we would like to thank all our investors, all our partners, all our team members. It is with all 
your support and love that we have reached where we have reached. And we hope to continue to 
enjoy your support in our ongoing journey. Thank you, everyone, once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of E2E Networks Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
