 
 
 
 
BSE Limited    
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
August 18, 2026 
Sc no.- 110 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra(E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings /Conference call  
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the 
transcript of the earnings/ conference call conducted after the Meeting of Board of Directors held 
on August 12, 2026 on the Financial Results of Tata Motors Limited (formerly TML Commercial 
Vehicles Limited) (‘the Company’) for the first quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
The same is also available on the website of the Company at www.cv.tatamotors.com  
 
 
This is for information of the Exchanges and the Members. 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
Tata Motors Limited 
(formerly TML Commercial Vehicles Limited)  
 
 
 
Ranjan Kumar 
General Counsel & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above  
RANJAN 
KUMAR
Digitally signed 
by RANJAN 
KUMAR 
Date: 2026.08.18 
11:23:31 +05'30'

 
 
Tata Motors Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
 
This transcript has been refined for readability; and does not purport to be a literal representation of the oral record. 
 
Page 1 
 
Tata Motors Limited (Formerly known as TML Commercial Vehicles Ltd) 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Call transcript 
Management: 
• 
MR. GIRISH WAGH, MD & CEO, TATA MOTORS LIMITED 
Presentation 
Sneha Gavankar 
Good evening. Welcome to Tata Motors’ Q1 FY27 Results Call. My name is Sneha Gavankar. I head Investor 
Relations and Communications. Joining me are Mr. Girish Wagh, Managing Director and CEO, and the 
Investor Relations team. 
Before we begin, I would like to inform you that our CFO, Mr. G.V. Ramanan, is unable to join today's call 
due to a personal exigency in the family and he sends his regrets for being unable to attend. In his absence, 
I will be taking you through the financial highlights section of the presentation, following which Mr. Wagh 
will give the business and strategic overview. We will then move to Q&A. 
As a reminder, all participants will be in listen-only mode, and we'll be taking your questions via the Teams 
platform, which is already open to you for submitting questions. You may please mention your name and 
the name of your organization while submitting your questions. 
With that, let me begin with the financial highlights for the quarter. 
 
Before we go into the numbers, a quick word on safe harbour. Consistent with our last quarter 
presentation, our primary numbers represent the standalone financials which includes joint operations 
with Tata Cummins. Consolidated results follow later in the deck. One change to note this quarter; Freight 
Tiger is now included as a subsidiary, following the increase in our stake in May 2026. With that, let me 
take you through the highlights of the quarter. 
Q1 was a quarter of execution on the commitments we made at the start of the year. A few highlights that 
deserve a mention. On Electric vehicles, we strengthened our electric CV leadership with over 3,400 
electric vehicle orders across segments, building on the momentum we saw in the second half of last year. 
On the SCV Pick up front, we launched the Ace Gold+ XL, Intra V40 and Intra EV, broadening the SCV PU 
portfolio across ICE, CNG and electric. For the Indonesia order of 70,000-units Yodha and Ultra T.7, we 
initiated deliveries during the quarter. We also crossed a major milestone, with our Lucknow plant crossing 
10 lakh commercial vehicles in cumulative production. We also partnered with HPCL on a scalable circular 
economy model for used automotive lubricants; and the Tata Motors Foundation's Integrated Village 
Development Programme has now reached close to 200 villages nationwide. 
Next slide please. 
There were two significant corporate actions in the quarter. 
On the Iveco transaction - regulatory approvals are now in the final stage, with only one approval pending. 
All information requests have been addressed, and we expect final clearance by the end of August 2026. 

 
 
Tata Motors Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
 
This transcript has been refined for readability; and does not purport to be a literal representation of the oral record. 
 
Page 2 
 
On that basis, the Tender Offer is expected to be launched in early September 2026, with closure expected 
by early November 2026. 
On Freight Tiger - we acquired an additional 18.1% equity stake in May 2026 for around ₹96 crore, taking 
our total holding to approximately 63.6%. Freight Tiger is now a subsidiary. The intent here is 
straightforward, bringing FleetEdge and Freight Tiger together so that it gives us an end-to-end digital 
ecosystem across the logistics value chain, covering both the truck ecosystem and the trip ecosystem. 
The next few slides cover the standalone business which include JO with Tata Cummins. Let me start with 
volumes. 
 
Q1 wholesales were approximately 108,700 units, up 26% year-on-year; a robust quarter and one 
delivered through a period of heightened geopolitical tensions. It’s important to note that this growth 
was broad-based across every product line and each in double digits. HCV at 26.4K units, up 22%; ILMCV 
at 17.1K units, up 16%; SCV Pickup at 38.3K units, up 35%; CV Passenger at 18.7K units, up 23% and 
exports at 8.1K units, up 35% 
This slide summarizes the standalone financials. The volume momentum we saw in the last page translated 
into a 23% revenue growth for the quarter, which stood at ₹19,300 crore, EBITDA was ₹2,300 crore at a 
margin of 11.7%, down 60 basis points YoY. The moderation is commodity-led, and I will take you through 
the walk on the next slide. EBIT margin was 9.4%, down only 20 basis points and PBT before exceptional 
items was ₹2,100 crore, up 26% year-on-year. So, despite the margin moderation, absolute profit growth 
has kept pace with revenue. Free cash flow was ₹1,100 crore, against a negative ₹1,800 crore in Q1 last 
year. That’s a swing of almost ₹2,900 crore. I will also cover the drivers for that shortly. Net cash stood at 
₹7,100 crore as of June 30th, against ₹7,500 crore at March-end and this is after the ₹1,473 crore dividend 
payout during the quarter. Auto ROCE continued to be strong at 68% on a trailing twelve-month basis, 
against 72% for FY26. Investment spending was ₹500 crore for the quarter, in line with plan. 
This is the walk from PBT before exceptional items of ₹1,635 crore in Q1 FY26 to ₹2,057 crore in Q1 FY27, 
and what you see below is the EBIT margin bridge. Volume and mix contributed to ₹686 crore, and 
realisation a further ₹402 crore. The price increases that we took during the quarter have largely been 
passed through and together these added 140 basis points to EBIT margin. Variable costs were the 
principal headwind at ₹649 crore, or 340 basis points. This is primarily commodity inflation. Steel, 
aluminium and copper flowing through into material cost, consistent with the headwinds that we flagged 
when we closed FY26. Other fixed costs contributed positively, at 180 basis points. This is operating 
leverage on a larger revenue base. FX and other items were neutral to margin. Net of all this, EBIT margin 
moved from 9.6% to 9.4%. and in summary, operating leverage and improved realisation have absorbed 
almost all of the significant commodity headwind. 
Coming to Free cash flow - for the quarter, FCF was ₹1,114 crore, against negative of ₹1,796 crore in Q1 
FY26 - a swing of about ₹2,900 crore. Going through the walk, PBT before exceptional items of ₹2,057 
crore, and non-cash items were ₹247 crore. On tax - the ₹500 crore outflow compares with just ₹20 crore 
in Q1 last year. As flagged during the full-year results, cash tax is now a recurring item for us. With that, 
we arrive at a cash profit after tax of around ₹1,800 cr. Capex was ₹554 crore, lower than the ₹639 crore 

 
 
Tata Motors Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
 
This transcript has been refined for readability; and does not purport to be a literal representation of the oral record. 
 
Page 3 
 
in Q1 last year and in line with our investment plan. But the decisive difference year-on-year is efficient 
working capital. This quarter consumed only ₹232 crore, against ₹3,474 crore in Q1 FY26. 
Next Slide 
Total investment spending in Q1 was ₹515 crore at approximately 2.7% of revenue. This sits comfortably 
within our guided range of 2% to 4%. 
 
This completes the standalone numbers. Now let me turn to the consolidated results. Consolidated 
revenue for Q1 was ₹20,700 crores, up 19% YoY. EBITDA was ₹2,300 crore at 10.9%, down 90 basis points. 
And EBIT was 8.5%, down 80 basis points. This was due to the same commodity dynamic that we discussed 
at the standalone level. PBT before exceptional items was ₹3,000 crore, up 81%. This includes a mark-to-
market adjustment on our investments in Tata Capital. Consolidated free cash flow was ₹400 crore against 
a negative of ₹2,000 crore in Q1 of FY26. And net cash stood at ₹13,500 crore as on June 30, as against 
₹13,700 crore at March end, maintaining a strong liquidity position through the quarter.  
 
With that let me hand over to Girish to take you through the business updates. Over to you, sir. 
 
Girish Wagh 
Thank you, Sneha.  
So let me begin with the VAHAN registration share. So, we saw 100 bps improvement in the VAHAN share 
on a sequential basis. And as compared to FY26, there was a growth of 170 bps. We further strengthened 
the position in heavy commercial vehicles to 56.3%. ILMCV saw a slight drop essentially due to the supply 
chain challenges that we have seen, especially in the Western Zone. We also had 110 bps growth in VAHAN 
share in small commercial vehicle and around 490 bps growth in CV passenger, which is buses and vans. 
So, this is on the back of the tenders that we had won. 
 
Moving on. As far as fleet utilization is concerned, this is our data from the FleetEdge that we have 
deployed now almost on 1.2 million vehicles. So, the fleet utilization improved month over month in Q1, 
so it improved from April to May, May to June. But the Q1 fleet utilization remained slightly below that of 
Q1 of last year. But this is also on the back of a very high volume which was sold in H2 of last year. So, it is 
slightly below that of Q1 of last year and not a concern at this juncture. But what remains healthy is the 
significant growth in e-way bills as well as diesel consumption, which shows the continuous growth in 
utilization of the vehicles and the freight which is available for transportation. 
 
Moving on. The industry saw healthy momentum with the wholesale volume growing almost 18% on a 
YoY basis. And our volumes grew by around 26% in the same period. As I spoke on the earlier slide, e-way 
bill generation shows a very good growth of 12.4%, which does indicate healthy freight available for 
transportation. Fleet utilizations improved month over month, although Q1 FY27 is slightly below that of 
Q1 FY26. And diesel consumption also grew. So overall, positive markers for the industry. 
 

 
 
Tata Motors Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
 
This transcript has been refined for readability; and does not purport to be a literal representation of the oral record. 
 
Page 4 
 
Moving onto our businesses, starting with trucks, we have a YoY market share gain due to volume growth, 
especially in heavy commercial vehicles on the back of the new product launches that we spoke earlier. In 
buses and vans, healthy market share growth, driven by not just higher retails in all segments, but also 
delivery on the government tenders that we had won in the previous quarters. During the quarter gone 
by, we also won orders for 562 units across multiple segments. In small commercial vehicle, we did launch 
new products which were spoken in the first few slides. And in addition to that, the ramp-up in our Ace 
Diesel LNT and Ace Pro EV are supporting the volume growth. Intra brand continues to do well, and Intra 
EV has also been launched and has started doing well. Of course, currently we do have some supply chain 
challenges, especially on Intra EV. The parts and services business continued to grow in double-digits, 
strong growth trajectory. And I think we were able to maintain uninterrupted diesel exhaust fluid supplies 
despite the crisis that we had in terms of availability of technical grade urea due to the Middle East crisis. 
And this also led to therefore increase in the volume and revenue from DEF supplies in Q1. FleetEdge 
installed base now grew to more than a million vehicles, and the subscription renewal performance has 
improved dramatically on a YoY basis. In the international business, we initiated deliveries against the 
Indonesia order, and we had around 2,000 vehicles being shipped in Q1, and post that we have been 
ramping it up consistently. We've been able to demonstrate a 35% YoY growth despite very few numbers 
being shipped to Middle East. 
On sustainability and the EV business, with the launch of Intra EV and also the 55-tonne EV tractor and 
the increase in diesel prices which happened in middle of the last quarter, we have seen the TCO parity of 
EV with respect to diesel and the gas vehicles is being reached earlier, and therefore they are becoming 
more attractive. As a result, the EV volumes grew almost three times on a YoY basis. In fact, in SCV pickup, 
the EV penetration reached double-digit in the months of both May and June, and that continues to 
improve further as we get into Q2. Therefore, we had more than 3,200 retails on SCV EVs in Q1, which 
alone is almost four times growth on a YoY basis. 
On EV trucks, both the heavy commercial vehicle tractors and tippers, there is a very strong interest from 
the customer, robust engagement, and the customers are looking forward for these kinds of decarbonizing 
solutions. We also now have around more than 850 electric buses orders. This is a combination of orders 
from private customers as well as a few tenders that we won from Chennai, Ahmedabad, Hyderabad, and 
the state of Odisha. Our Smart City business, which operates electric buses, has now covered more than 
59 crore km and maintains the spotless performance in terms of uptime and safety. 
Moving on. As we look ahead for Q2, for the overall business, I think two things we have to manage 
actively. First is the commodity inflation, which continues to be there, which will be managed through first 
line of attack which is cost management, but we've also taken a price increase on 1st of July. In addition 
to that, we've also seen some supply chain challenges, especially due to increase in demand in almost all 
the auto segments, be it two-wheeler, three-wheeler, four-wheeler, commercial vehicles, tractors. I think 
we've seen healthy growth all across. As a result of which, some of the part categories like sheet metal, 
casting, forgings have become a constraint. To address this, a lot of debottlenecking actions have been 
taken place, few more in the pipeline, but this has already enabled us to improve the throughput towards 
the end of Q1 and of course in Q2. 

 
 
Tata Motors Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
 
This transcript has been refined for readability; and does not purport to be a literal representation of the oral record. 
 
Page 5 
 
On the demand generation side, trucks, we will continue to accelerate the growth through the new MY26 
portfolio, the higher payload trucks, and of course with heightened interest in the battery electric vehicles. 
CV passenger, we still have around 4,500 government orders on hand, which we will continue to deliver 
during this quarter. As I spoke, there are 850 e-buses orders also on hand. In small commercial vehicle, we 
will build on the demand which is being seen for both the ACE and Intra brand families and also build on 
the shift which is happening towards EVs and build on the market share gain. In parts and services, we 
continue to bring in innovative offerings especially on services, which leads to improved demand not only 
for the products but also for the parts. We are also taking quite a few actions on supply chain, some 
debottlenecking, and the fulfilment chain, which will improve our delivery of parts to the customers. On 
international business, we will continue to leverage increased demand from non-Middle East markets, 
especially in SAARC, Sub-Saharan Africa, and increase the throughput towards Indonesia. So that's the 
plan for the quarter ahead or the quarter that we are already into. 
Now over to you for the questions. 
Questions And Answers 
Sneha Gavankar 
Thank You. We have a few questions which have come in already in the queue. The first one is from Raghu. 
Congratulations. For full year, do you expect double-digit growth in domestic CVs? And second question, 
on exports, how do you see the full year outlook? For Indonesia order, how do you see dispatches in FY27 
and FY28? 
Girish Wagh 
Thank you, Raghu. I think very early to talk about H2. It appears that Q2 will also see a healthy double-
digit YoY growth. I think it will be very interesting to see how the market pans out from September 
onwards, especially when we do a YoY comparison. Because last year, as you recollect, post the GST rate 
correction, the market really picked up from the month of September. But I think the kind of growth that 
we have seen in July, it will probably be safe to say that Q2 will end up with a double-digit growth. 
Now coming to Indonesia, I think we are ramping up the supplies quite significantly. And yes, I can only 
say that the 70,000 orders will certainly be supplied over a period of two years, FY27 and FY28. 
Sneha Gavankar 
So next question from Kapil. Kapil is also asking about demand outlook, which I think you just addressed. 
On EVs, what is the EV demand outlook? How has the response been to Intra EV and what is our capacity? 
Is there more cost pressure ahead? And will the price hike in Q2 cover it? And again, Indonesia order is 
something which we've already answered. So maybe you can take these two. 
Girish Wagh 
So, first of all, thank you. On EVs, yes, the demand outlook is quite positive. I already gave you the number 
of orders that we have for the electric buses. In addition to that, I think as a part of PM-eBus Sewa, there 
are a few more newer tenders which are also on the way. We are quite positive on that. 

 
 
Tata Motors Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
 
This transcript has been refined for readability; and does not purport to be a literal representation of the oral record. 
 
Page 6 
 
SCV pickup, which is completely in the retail market, is in fact doing very well. And as I said, the TCO parity 
of Intra, Ace Pro has become very attractive in comparison to their ICE brothers. And, therefore from that 
perspective, I think the demand will remain strong and will continue to grow. 
In terms of capacity of Intra EV, our in-house capacity is not a challenge at all. What has happened is not 
only our electric vehicle demand has gone up, which is therefore leading to a cascading increase in demand 
of cells from China, but even within China, the share of electric vehicles has further gone up, which has 
led to increased demand on the cells. And this is something which is currently a bottleneck. And the lead 
time for the demand or lead time for getting the cells in India and converting into batteries is currently 
pretty high. But I think we have placed higher set of orders already around two months back. So, towards 
the end of this quarter, I think we should have the supplies completely debottlenecked from the 
perspective of the demand as we see. 
Now coming to costs, is there more cost pressure ahead? Yes, there is further cost pressure ahead of us in 
terms of commodities, few of the commodities, steel, rubber, etc. And it is our endeavour, of course, to 
ensure that the price hike and our own internal cost management actions enable us to tide over this tough 
commodity challenge. 
The net price hike in July, we have taken 2.5% increase and very confident that it should pass through as 
we progress during the quarter. 
On Indonesia order, I think we have already answered in detail, so we can move to the next question. 
 
Sneha Gavankar 
Yes. The next, again from Raghu, on e-truck sales, how is profitability different from the ICE trucks? And 
how much is the EV revenue and PLI for the quarter? 
Girish Wagh 
There is another question in terms of higher payload trucks. Okay, Raghu, there is one question from you 
in terms of higher payload trucks. So yes, I think the acceptance in the market is very good. And this is 
therefore leading to market share gain gradually. 
Now let me say, because you have asked a question whether it is giving a double whammy of market share 
gain and contribution margin improvement, I think in commercial vehicles, the customers do take time to 
build a trust in a vehicle, although they have a trust in the brand. And for any new vehicle, I think they kind 
of watch as to what is happening. But at this juncture, I must say that, yes, it does make a positive business 
case for them, these high-payload trucks. 
The next question you have asked is utilization for HCV tipper is relatively lower than HCV cargo. Are there 
any worries? No. So, Raghu, this is quite characteristic. From the beginning of rainy season, the tipper 
utilization does go down. And towards middle of September, it starts picking up again. In many cases, it 
also starts picking up from the 15th August. So, it depends on the rainfall activity. This is not something to 
be concerned about. 
You asked about growth in other expenses is much lower than the revenue growth. That is the operating 
leverage, Raghu, and we will make all the efforts to get this leverage as we go ahead. 

 
 
Tata Motors Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
 
This transcript has been refined for readability; and does not purport to be a literal representation of the oral record. 
 
Page 7 
 
There was one more question from him you said 
Sneha Gavankar 
Yes. On e-truck sales, how is profitability different from ICE trucks? 
Girish Wagh 
This is something that I also addressed during our Investor Day, that first is, our endeavour is to sell all the 
vehicles with PLI benefits. Although I must add that offlate, the regulators are taking pretty long time in 
giving the certificates. And therefore, in specific cases to meet customer commitments, we have started 
delivering the vehicles in certain cases. But otherwise, our endeavour is to deliver with full PLI. 
The profitability will be different from ICE trucks because the scale is pretty low. But as the scale improves 
and we have higher localization, and I think in some quarters from now, we should see even cell localization 
happening gradually. With that, I think we should get back into a good position. 
 
Sneha Gavankar 
We have a few questions on email. So, this one is from Pramod Kumar, UBS. He says congratulations team 
on the strong volume and profit performance. His question is, on the pricing environment. Are we reaching 
the limit for price hikes given the sharp surge in steel and rubber. And how's the discounting been across 
segments? 
Girish Wagh 
So, I think this is a very delicate balance that we have to achieve, and this is something that I said in Q1 
also, that our first line of attack is to see how much cost we can contain, how much cost we can negate. 
But beyond that, I think we have no option but to increase the prices. I think what has helped us, I must 
say, is the model year '26 that we launched across the portfolio with improved efficiencies and therefore 
improved TCO, it helped us to a good extent in terms of stabilizing the new prices. Whether it has reached 
the limit, it's very difficult to answer in a binary manner, but I can certainly say that the cumulative price 
increase during this year has been quite significant. 
Sneha Gavankar 
Another question from Pramod Kumar. Can you comment on the current demand environment? July has 
been very robust despite monsoon. What is driving this demand surge and whether it will be sustainable? 
Girish Wagh 
As I mentioned earlier, Pramod, I think the underlying demand fundamentals are pretty strong, right? We 
saw e-way bills, diesel consumption, FASTag collection. I think all the indicators indicate very high 
movement of goods, which means the underlying freight available is pretty robust. And we've also 
discussed that this remains directly correlated with the GDP growth. So once the GDP growth is quite 
robust, what it is today, it also leads to equivalent amount of freight growth, and that then leads to higher 

 
 
Tata Motors Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
 
This transcript has been refined for readability; and does not purport to be a literal representation of the oral record. 
 
Page 8 
 
demand. So, at this juncture, despite the inflation which is happening in the products as well as the fuel 
prices, you see the demand remaining quite robust. 
Sneha Gavankar 
Okay, another question from Kapil. How is the EV financing scenario? And have historical resale value 
concerns been addressed? 
Girish Wagh 
The EV retail financing has been improving month over month. And I must say that more financiers are 
having confidence in the technology, in the product. In most cases, we are also offering battery warranty 
especially, which is higher than the tenor of the loan, which is giving a very high comfort to the financiers. 
And more and more financiers I meet, I see a lot of comfort amongst them in funding EVs because their 
book quality is quite robust, quite okay as far as EVs are concerned. 
Sneha Gavankar 
This is from Jay Kale, Elara. On the demand side, is it replacement demand that is driving the growth? And 
can you also share some flavour on large fleet operators versus first-time buyers. 
Girish Wagh 
So, Jay, I mentioned this last time also, it is very difficult to differentiate between replacement demand 
and new vehicle purchase, so to say. But generally, what happens is large fleet owners are the first ones to 
replace their existing trucks in four to six years, and they go for newer trucks because they see a clear TCO 
benefit with the newer trucks. But at the same time, their existing trucks don't move out of the system, 
but they are sold to maybe smaller customers, individual vehicle owners, and they then put those vehicles 
to use on shorter distances. So, I think overall the demand is going up, which means there is an increase 
in the freight which is available and the capacity utilization of the fleet also remains strong. So, as I said, 
very difficult to give a separation between replacement demand, new vehicle demand. It is actually a 
combination of both. 
Sneha Gavankar 
Next question is from Amyn Pirani, J.P. Morgan. 1Q working capital and FCF has been surprisingly strong 
considering normal seasonality. Are there any one-offs, or any structural changes have happened? 
Girish Wagh 
So, Amyn, I think we did have some carryover benefit to some extent from Q4, but otherwise I think the 
working capital discipline that we have been driving, combined with good operating profit, has helped us 
to deliver a good FCF in Q1. You are right. I think traditionally in Q1 and Q2, we burn working capital, but 
with the discipline as well as the operating profit, it has led to a good improvement. I must also add that 
the Indonesia order and the advance that we received from Indonesia has been the one-off, if I may say 
so, which has helped us on the cash flow in Q1. 

 
 
Tata Motors Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
 
This transcript has been refined for readability; and does not purport to be a literal representation of the oral record. 
 
Page 9 
 
Sneha Gavankar 
Let me check if there are any other questions. Let me check on email as well 
Girish Wagh 
There is a question from Sridhar 
Sneha Gavankar 
But I think you've largely answered it. There's a question from Kapil. Can you talk about the export outlook 
for MHCV and LCV for maybe two or three years?  
Girish Wagh 
Kapil, two to three years is pretty long horizon. But I think we are certainly doing a lot of work in some of 
the markets that I spoke about, whether it is Africa and also with the entry that we have in Indonesia with 
this order, we're doing some work in other segments also. I mean, this order in Indonesia also has been in 
light commercial vehicle and pickup. I think we are using this opportunity to do some work and seed our 
products in other segments also. But very early to give any kind of outlook. But yes, we are doing a lot of 
work on the demand generation front as well as launch of new products in some of these international 
markets. 
Sneha Gavankar 
Okay. There's another one on email from Pramod Kumar, UBS. Any comments on operator profitability 
given rising prices of trucks? Also, has Tamil Nadu reverted to a normal demand post-election-led 
slowdown?  
Girish Wagh 
The second one is easier. Yes, Tamil Nadu has been improving in demand month over month, and especially 
last month was pretty good, very close to the normal situation as far as Tamil Nadu demand is concerned. 
And what was the first question? 
Sneha Gavankar 
This was on the rising operator profitability. 
Girish Wagh 
I don't have any index on this, but I can tell you anecdotally from discussions that we've had with the 
customers. I think depending upon the route, shippers and the commodities being transported, the diesel 
price increase is being passed through, and therefore gradually the profitability will come back to the 
earlier level. 
Now take the case of we as shippers. I mean we ship our vehicles on tractor trailers or trucks. I think, the 
auto industry has been -- has passed through the diesel price increases pretty soon, and there are quite a 

 
 
Tata Motors Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
 
This transcript has been refined for readability; and does not purport to be a literal representation of the oral record. 
 
Page 10 
 
few other segments also where this has happened, which is then helping the fleet owners to get the 
profitability back on track. 
Sneha Gavankar 
One question from Himanshu Singh. Should we continue to see market share gains going ahead? 
Girish Wagh 
So that will always remain our endeavour. 
Sneha Gavankar 
Just seeing if the questions are queuing up. Please give us a minute. 
I think with that, we've mostly answered all the questions. And we can close the call with that. Any other 
questions that remain unanswered, we'll be happy to take them offline. Thank you so much for your time. 
