 
 
August 20, 2026 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra-
Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 
400051 
NSE Symbol: RISHABH 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
21st Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
BSE Scrip Code: 543977 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Earnings Conference Call Transcript for Q1 – FY 2026-27. 
 
Please find enclosed herewith the copy of transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on August 17, 2026 in 
respect of Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the Quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
For Rishabh Instruments Limited 
 
 
 
Ajinkya Joglekar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No.: A57272 
 
 
AJINKYA 
JOGLEKAR
Digitally signed by 
AJINKYA JOGLEKAR 
Date: 2026.08.20 
16:28:35 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Rishabh Instruments Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 17, 2026 
Errors and Omissions Excepted (E&OE): This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 17th August 2026 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DINESH MUSALEKAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – RISHABH 
INSTRUMENTS LIMITED 
MR. VISHAL KULKARNI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– RISHABH INSTRUMENTS LIMITED 
 
MR. NISHANT DUDHORIA – ADD. GENERAL MANAGER 
STRATEGY – RISHABH INSTRUMENTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Rishabh Instruments Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, a brief disclaimer. This conference call may contain 
forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and 
expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of 
future performance, and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dinesh Musalekar, MD and CEO, for his opening 
remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: Okay. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. A warm welcome to all participants joining us today 
for the Q1 FY27 earnings call of Rishabh Instruments Limited. I have with me our CFO, Vishal 
Kulkarni; and our General Manager of Strategy, Nishant Dudhoria. The results and earnings 
presentations for the quarter have been uploaded on the stock exchange and on the company's 
website, and I hope you had an opportunity to review them. 
 
Q1 FY27 marks a positive beginning to the new financial year. We have reported consolidated 
revenue of INR1,983 million, up by 4.2% year-on-year and achieved a consolidated EBITDA 
margin of 16.8% in Q1 FY27. The consolidated EBITDA stood at INR 333 million, up by 17.3% 
year-on-year and the reported consolidated PAT stood at INR194 million in Q1 FY27. 
 
While the global operating environment continues to be shaped by geopolitical uncertainties, 
tariff developments and supply chain volatility, Rishabh has remained resilient with a clear focus 
on profitable growth, operational excellence and technology-led expansion. 
 
At the segment level, Electrical and Electronics Instrumentation, which we call as EEI, remains 
the primary growth engine for the group in Q1 FY27, delivering a robust 34% year-on-year 
revenue growth while maintaining an EBITDA margin of approximately 24%, exceeding our 
initial guidelines given. 
 
More importantly, adjusted EBITDA increased by 69.1% year-on-year to INR382 million with 
margins expanding significantly to 24.8% from 19.6%, a 520 basis points improvement. The 
PAT margins improved to 16.4% in Q1 FY27 from 13.8% in Q1 FY26. 
 
The performance reflects the benefits of operating leverage, improved product mix, procurement 
efficiencies and disciplined cost management, reinforcing EEI's position as group's primary 
growth and profitability engine. 
 
The strength of EEI business is underpinned by a diversified product portfolio and a sustained 
focus on innovation. Over the past 2 years, we have successfully launched around 15 new 
products with further more than 15 products planned for FY27. 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
These initiatives are expected to create new revenue streams, broaden our addressable market 
and strengthen our presence across both domestic and international markets. Going forward, our 
strategy is to accelerate on high-value application-led products and leverage our expanding 
portfolio and global customer reach to drive sustainable and profitable growth. 
 
The standalone India business continued to deliver strong momentum, supported by a deeper 
customer engagement, healthy export demand and improving product mix and an expanding 
distribution network. Rishabh India delivered 25.6% year-on-year revenue growth with a healthy 
EBITDA margin of 22.9%, reflecting sustained demand and disciplined execution. 
 
Our international counterpart of EEI business also remained an important pillar of the group's 
growth strategy. Lumel S.A. delivered strong performance despite a relatively subdued 
European industrial environment, supported by high-value electronics manufacturing, product 
diversification and new customer wins. 
 
The revenue grew 39% year-on-year, while EBITDA remained healthy 24%, contributing to 
50% of our consolidated bottom line for Q1 FY27. Our business in the U.S., U.K. and China 
continued to remain profitable and further strengthened the group's diversified global platform. 
 
The U.S. and U.K. businesses grew by over 40% year-on-year, while China delivered 20.3% 
growth during Q1 FY27. While these businesses currently operate on a relatively smaller base, 
the strong growth momentum provides a significant opportunity to scale our international 
presence and contribution to the group over the coming years. 
 
Further, the solar inverter business continued to make meaningful progress during the quarter. 
Following the successful launch of our single-phase iUNO inverter series, the product has 
received encouraging market acceptance and enabled the business to achieve operational 
profitability. 
 
In Q1, we further strengthened the solar inverter portfolio with the addition of the next 
generation of 3-phase iNEO inverter models up to 12 kilowatts in addition to the single-phase 
iUNO up to 5 kilowatts. 
 
A further development is underway for the next-generation range up to 50 kilowatts. Further, 
we are also gearing ourselves to develop hybrid inverters solutions to address the growing 
demand for integrated and flexible renewable energy system. 
 
Hybrid inverters are becoming increasingly important to manage peaks and off-peak energy 
demand, optimize solar and battery utilization, reduce grid dependency and enhance overall 
energy reliability. 
 
These initiatives will broaden our addressable market and position the solar inverter business for 
the next phase of growth and establish solar inverters as an increasingly meaningful growth pillar 
for the group.  
Lumel Alucast continues to execute its transformation with the discipline and remained 
breakeven at operating level in Q1 FY27. 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
Although the adjusted EBITDA remains at a negative 6.4% in Q1 FY27, I believe that we would 
be able to breakeven the adjusted EBITDA for the full year by end of FY27. At present, our 
focus is to progressively fill available capacity with higher-value profitable opportunities and 
rebuild sustainable business. 
 
The RFQs with the number of new projects that we floated in the last year is now progressing 
through advanced commercial negotiations, qualifications and customer approval stages. As 
these opportunities convert into production programs and available capacity gets progressively 
utilized, we see a clear pathway for Lumel Alucast to restore a double-digit EBITDA margin 
over the medium term.  
At HPDC, our strategy remains clear, we are prioritizing value over volume and will not pursue 
growth at the expense of profitability.  
Another important milestone has been the partial commissioning of our new manufacturing 
facility at Nashik. This investment significantly enhances our manufacturing capacity and 
strengthens our ability to address growing demands across both domestic and international 
markets. 
 
The expanded facility also provides the platform to support new product introductions, larger 
export opportunities and evolving customer requirements across our portfolio. Further, during 
the last quarter, as a part of our market expansion strategy, we opened our first Rishabh TMI 
Experience Center for showcasing our test and measurement instruments. 
 
This center is designed to bring our test and measurement instruments and solutions closer to 
customers and channel partners through live demonstrations, application-based interactions and 
technical engagements. 
 
This initiative will help us strengthen customer relationships, improve product awareness and 
accelerate adoption of our expanding portfolio with similar centers planned for Mumbai and 
Delhi to be operational by end of this financial year. 
 
In parallel, we continue to invest in automation, process excellence, advanced testing capabilities 
and R&D infrastructure to enhance our global competitiveness. As industry is increasingly 
digitized and modernized, we see significant opportunities emerging across AI-enabled data 
centers, grid modernization, energy efficiency, smart infrastructure and renewable energy 
integration. 
 
Our products and technology road map are aligned with these structural trends, positioning 
Rishabh to capture these opportunities and drive sustainable growth over the coming years. The 
long-term industry outlook remains structurally attractive, supported by sustained global 
investments in electrification, energy efficiency, renewable energy integration, industrial 
automation, grid modernization and digital infrastructure. 
 
While industrial activities in Europe remained relatively moderate, we continue to see 
encouraging opportunities across the U.S., Middle East, Southeast Asia and Africa. Our 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
diversified geographical footprint enables us to participate across these growth markets while 
reducing dependencies on any single geography. 
 
The rapid expansion of AI-driven data centers and increasingly energy-intensive digital 
infrastructure is creating an additional growth avenue for advanced energy measurement and 
power quality monitoring and energy management solutions, areas that align well with our 
evolving product portfolio and technology capabilities. 
 
In India, continued policy support for manufacturing, power infrastructure, renewable energy, 
transformation, transportation modernization and localization of electronics provides a strong 
foundation for sustained demand. 
 
The country's renewable energy ambitions alongside the accelerating global adoption of solar 
and distributed energy solutions further strengthen our long-term opportunities for our business. 
While near-term geographical and macroeconomic uncertainties may persist, we remain 
confident in the underlying structural growth drivers of our industry and opportunities we create 
for Rishabh over the medium to long term. 
 
As we move into financial year '27, our strategic priorities remain unchanged, accelerate 
profitable growth across our core EEI business, expand our presence in high-growth 
international markets, continue strengthening our product portfolio through innovation and 
R&D, increase the contribution of software-enabled and solution-oriented offerings to improve 
operational efficiencies and capital allocation, build a stronger pipeline of opportunities across 
renewable energy, automation, energy management and medium-voltage products. Continue 
transforming Lumel Alucast into a profitable and sustainable business.  
Our ambition remains clear to evolve Rishabh from a product-led organization into a globally 
recognized engineering and technology solution company. I would like to thank all our 
employees across the group, our customers, suppliers, channel partners and shareholders for 
their continued trust and support. 
 
The progress we have achieved over the last few years is a reflection of the dedication of our 
team, the confidence of our customers and the support of our stakeholders. We believe the 
foundations we have built over the investments in technology, manufacturing, people and 
innovation position us strongly for the future. 
 
With a clear strategy, expanding capabilities and growing global presence, we remain confident 
about the opportunities ahead and our ability to create sustainable long-term value for our 
stakeholders. 
 
With that, I will now hand over to Vishal to give group's financial performance. So over to you, 
Vishal. 
Vishal Kulkarni: 
Thank you, sir. Good evening, all. Please note that all the numbers are in INR. The financial 
performance, I will describe as follows. The consolidated revenue for Q1 FY27 stood at 
INR1,983 million, which is up by 4.2% on a year-on-year basis. The consolidated EBITDA 
stood at INR333 million for quarter 1 FY27, marking a 17.3% year-on-year increase. 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
In Q1 FY27, the consolidated EBITDA is after provision of INR20 million on account of ESOP 
costs and stock appreciation rights. The consolidated PAT for Q1 FY27 stood at INR194 million, 
decreased by 1.4% year-on-year. This is mainly on account of increase in depreciation by INR20 
million.  
The standalone revenue stood at INR776 million in Q1 FY27, registering a robust growth of 
25.6% year-on-year. The standalone EBITDA for Q1 FY27 stood at INR178 million, up by 
24.5% year-on-year with EBITDA margins at 22.9%. It includes the provision of INR4 million 
towards ESOP cost.  
Standalone PAT for Q1 FY27 [inaudible 0:15:40] stood at INR119 million, which is up by 
20.2% year-on-year. Now for Lumel S.A., the Q1 FY27 revenue stood at INR639 million, 
reflecting a staggering growth of 39% year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA for Q1 FY27 stood at 
INR153 million, which is up by 175.3% year-on-year. The adjusted EBITDA margins expanded 
to 24% in Q1 FY27, an improvement of 1,190 basis points. The PAT for Q1 FY27 remained at 
INR115 million, up by 321.1% year-on-year.  
For Lumel Alucast, the revenue for Q1 FY27 stood at INR443 million, reflecting a degrowth of 
negative 41.2% on a year-on-year basis. This is a planned decline as communicated earlier by 
Dinesh sir. 
 
The adjusted EBITDA for Q1 FY27 remained at negative INR28 million and the adjusted 
EBITDA margins stood at negative 6.4%. We are at operating breakeven in Q1 FY27 and expect 
to breakeven the adjusted EBITDA by end of FY27 as we fill up the vacant capacities with new 
orders and operating leverage will start to just kick in. 
 
The PAT for Q1 FY27 remained at negative INR59 million. On the consolidated level, we 
remain net debt-free with a strong balance sheet. Net cash and cash equivalents as on 30th of 
June 2026 stands at INR1,606 million. 
 
With this, I shall now leave the floor open for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Congratulations for a very strong set of numbers. Sir, on the EEI side, I think we have done a 
fantastic growth of 34%, while we have guided for 20% to 25% growth. So is it -- if you can 
elaborate on what is driving this growth? Is it the new products, new geography combination or 
we are seeing certain products scaling up very well? 
 
And are there any kind of lumpiness which is kind of built into the current numbers and 
eventually it will moderate? How should we think about the EEI business for the rest of the year? 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: Yes, Mr. Desai, thanks for the question, and it's really something which even the Board was 
asking me. We are basically talking about the sustainability of this growth which we see in Q1. 
Obviously, it's not something which is lumped up in any quarter or something. So we see the 
growth coming out of multiple factors actually. 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
 
In Rishabh India, we can see the growth which is coming from increase in current transformer 
business, which is happening globally. This is also driven from the fact that will grow into data 
centers and solar is picking up. That has started to grow profitably and growing. And EEI sector 
is also started to grow. 
 
So we are -- it's kind of firing into multiple engines. And in Lumel S.A. in Poland, which is 
again second big pillar for EEI business, this is coming out of, again, product spread. And we 
also are part of energy distribution upgradation, which is happening in Germany. So obviously, 
we are not Tier 1, Tier 2 suppliers. 
 
We are in that whole process of supply chain. So that also is coming up. And then some of the 
new products which are launched also are picked up by the markets very well. Then we can see 
that U.S. market is also growing rapidly. 
 
So we have been having 30% to 50% growth in the last 2 to 3 years, even though it is on a 
smaller base. So our INR20 crores became INR30 crores and is expected to become INR45 
crores now. So that's a scale of things which are happening. 
 
Again, we are introducing more products with UL certification and ANSI products into that 
market from both Rishabh as well as Lumel factories. So this is all -- I mean, I would say it's 
firing -- it's like multiple engines firing in terms of product, in terms of market. 
 
So it's not coming from 1 or 2 specific things, which is good for us. So the risk is spread. The 
growth is also spread. So again, on a very conservative or what we gave as a guideline, we stand 
by that. The guidelines have been anywhere between 20% to 25% top line -- around 20% top 
line growth and EBITDA of 20% to 22% we have said. 
 
And this quarter, we have delivered more than that on the EEI business. And it will be around 
that or more throughout the year. That's what we can say. It's quite sustainable. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it, sir. Very clear. Sir, on the U.S. market, you talked about, if you can elaborate more on -- 
as you said, we are on a very small base. So how do we scale up very fast given the opportunity 
and the capex happening there? I think this question asked last time also. And any plans to do 
inorganic thing to speed up things so that we can capture the larger market at a faster pace? Any 
thoughts on that? 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: Yes. So we are doing both for organic as well as inorganic. On the organic side, we are adding 
more resources there. We also added resources in Mexico and we are looking at Canada, South 
America, all that. That's the organic part of it. 
 
On inorganic, we have got a couple of opportunities which we are looking at. And we will -- if 
they materialize, we will announce them when it is appropriate. But that is also part of our 
strategy to look at inorganic side of it. On the other side, on the organic side, we are adding more 
products there. 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
 
So as I remember telling this in the last time, most of our products traditionally designed for 
European and Asian market. So we have to redesign those products for American market. That's 
another process which is parallelly ongoing to introduce more products to that market. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it, sir. So sir, this INR30 crores number, you think that INR100 crores is a fair number in a 
couple of years Or can we accept that number on organic? 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: Yes. Yes. So on the organic side, our target is to get to INR100 crores in 2 to 3 years' time. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it. And sir, last question on Alucast side. I think we have seen a decent scale down as what 
envisaged. And I think this year, probably we had talked about INR180 crores kind of a number, 
and I think we have ballpark that number on a quarterly run rate. 
 
So next year, how is the pipeline filling up to go back to that INR220 crores, INR230 crores kind 
of a number? Are you having the line of sight for that number so that we can go back to double-
digit margins? Any elaboration on that? 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: So as I tried to highlight it in my speech also, so we have been filling up a lot of RFQs and a lot 
of the discussions we have done. So we have a strong pipeline of RFQs and offers already 
submitted and they are at different stages of qualification. 
 
So some of them come close to approval stage because this goes by audit of the company and a 
lot of contracts and price negotiations. It's a bit of a slow process. And then after it is also given 
the ramping up of the product also takes about 6 months after the project is awarded. 
 
So we are closer to that. So I would see that double-digit number in about 2 years' time, once we 
have to have that breakeven and then we will be bidding. But the pipeline is quite encouraging. 
So what has happened is due to a lot of these problems that were there in EV industry and many 
die-casting companies closing down. 
 
So the ones which were resilient are still there are getting those projects from other companies 
and many of them have shifted to China also, but not all of them. So we still have -- if you are a 
last man standing, then you have still consolidation of suppliers, and that's where we will be part 
of that. 
 
That's the process which is going on broadly. So I don't fear anything that this is going to go the 
negative way, but we need time. So we are working on that. Our team is very much committed. 
We have cut down lots of, lots of costs there. So we have made it very efficient now. So any 
addition to the top line will very quickly reflect into the bottom line. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Zaki Nasser an Individual Investor. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Good afternoon, Dinesh-ji, congratulations to you and the team for a very, very strong set of 
numbers. Sir, Q1 is generally the weakest quarter in your 4 quarters, sir. And you've done a 34%, 
35% growth. So could we see this carrying on quarter-to-quarter because if -- I have the numbers 
in front of me, from INR115 crores, you've done INR154 crores. So could we expect that from 
INR137 crores, INR138 crores and INR147 crores, sir, the same kind of growth trajectory? 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: Yes. Zaki, that's kind of a plan and addition, but we want to be very careful in giving our 
projections. You're absolutely right. The kind of numbers that we have put are something which 
we normally get in Q4. So the Q1 this year is almost comparable with Q4 of last year. 
 
So that – it will be because we have lots of markets, lots of products and things generally go in 
that trend, but not 100% all the time. But our commitments are what we have given, and we 
don't want to give a guideline which is much higher than that. So we will try to deliver more 
than that. That's what we can tell. So your observation is absolutely right. 
 
And people like pleasant surprises and unpleasant surprises. So we want to keep our guidelines, 
which are already kind of aggressive, and we want to beat them by performance rather than 
giving guidelines which are a bit risky. 
Zaki Nasser: 
And sir, what -- how is our trajectory or traction for AI and data-centric offtake coming on in 
domestic market, sir? Do you see traction for products in that space? 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: Yes, yes, absolutely, absolutely. We have good success with the data centers. We started with 
one -- first one, we made some announcement also. After that, we had another 3, 4 which we 
won from data centers and another 10 we are quoting. So the data center boom in India is -- we 
are part of the story for sure. 
 
And the order bookings in domestic markets have been really good compared to last year, we 
had almost about 20% upside on the bookings, order bookings in Q1 compared to last year. Of 
course, our billing has not reflected that. So there is a bit of a backlog, which we will be catching 
up. So -- but the booking has been very encouraging in domestic market this year. 
Zaki Nasser: 
And what would -- how would you read Europe coming along, sir? Because I think Europe looks 
like having bottomed out and I think even their traction seems to be appearing, sir. So you are 
closer to the market. So you would -- could you throw some light on that? 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: So this is very funny and difficult question to answer because if you look at our individual 
company growth, Lumel S.A., we have about 39% year-on-year growth, whereas how the 
European markets are doing -- the only answer which I can give you is that the market is so 
huge. And what percentage of business we get is very small. And there's always -- if you beat 
your competition, you win new businesses and then you have multiple revenues. For example, 
Lumel S.A. has got multiple revenues. 
 
It is not just our products that we sell, we do radiation gates. Radiation gates are projects which 
detect radioactive materials at airports and at junkyards and border securities, etcetera. So the 
sense of security in Europe is more so we are looking into that. So that's a good opportunity for 
us. Medium-voltage products, which are medium-voltage protection relays or controllers, which 
get into upgradation of energy system, there we have opportunity. 
 
We do solar installations here, there we get opportunities. Then the grid upgradation, which is 
happening in Germany, we are Tier 2, Tier 3 supplier to that whole system. So we won that 
EUR5 million INR50 crore order and then INR30 crore order we won. And now again, we are 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
working with the same customer for more -- a few more orders. So there are multiple streams of 
revenues for us. 
 
So we have kind of not dependent on only selling the product. We have more solution selling 
and part of EMS also we do. So many things are there. So because we have got multiple revenue 
streams, so we are able to get the growth still when the economy is not doing so good in Europe. 
And that will continue to be there because we know the game now. 
Zaki Nasser: 
You are talking of inorganic growth. So what kind of funds would you deploy in inorganic 
growth, sir? I think we have INR110 crores cash on books. So what size of acquisition would 
you be looking at, if any, sir? 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: Yes. Typically, we look for acquisitions in the range of anywhere between INR50 crores to, say, 
about INR150 crores to INR200 crores based on how strategically it fits with our business, how 
much we can leverage out of that. It should not be A plus B is equal to A plus B. It should be 
more than A plus B, which is one of the things which we look at. And we look at -- because we 
run the companies very ethically, very clean businesses, our due diligence process is a bit lengthy 
and very neat and very thorough. 
 
So we will only look at businesses which are strategically a good fit for us and also companies 
which are ethically also good. So we are looking -- I mean, at least about 4, 5, we are all the time 
looking at. Our M&A and strategy guy, Nishant, is already busy with many of those 
opportunities in India and also outside. But these things take time, and we are always on a 
lookout for that. That's the ticket size we look at. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Best wishes for the year and the coming year. 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: Yes. Thank you, Zaki for keeping invested and increasing your portfolio also. We really 
appreciate your confidence in our company. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Gulati from Genuity Capital. 
Ankur Gulati: 
Dinesh, congrats on a good set of numbers. Can you give me Lumel S.A.'s revenue and EBITDA 
and PAT for this quarter, please? 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: I could not hear it very properly. Could you please repeat, sir? 
Ankur Gulati: 
Lumel S.A. revenue, EBITDA and PAT. 
Vishal Kulkarni: 
Yes. The revenue for Lumel S.A. for this quarter is INR639 million. 
Ankur Gulati: 
Okay. EBITDA? 
Vishal Kulkarni: 
EBITDA is INR153 million, and the PAT is INR115 million.. 
Ankur Gulati: 
Sorry. INR115 million? 
Vishal Kulkarni: 
Yes. 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Ankur Gulati: 
Okay. Fair enough. Sir, if you can give us more details on your broader Americas market go-to-
market strategy, please? 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: So on the American market, as we said, our growth -- organic growth ambitions are in the range 
of 30% to 40%, and that's what we have been delivering last couple of years. So we were around 
INR20 crores, which we brought it to INR30 crores in the last financial year. And this year, we 
have a target of INR45 crores there. So that's the rate at which we are planning to grow there. 
The strategy has been multiple poles. 
 
One of them is to introduce more products to that market. So for that, we have to upgrade our 
products to suit the American market because American standards are different from Europe and 
Asia. So we have to have ANSI-rated products there. And also you have to have UL certification 
if you have to sell in U.S.A. So that's one process to add more products from our existing 
portfolio. 
 
That's what our R&D keeps on doing product modification and adding there. And then second 
one is market expansion. So we are adding more resources in American market in terms of more 
sales managers. And also, we are looking at that operations as North American operations with 
Mexico, Canada getting into focus, more allocating resources there. And also, we will be looking 
at Latin America as an emerging market. 
 
So adding resources, adding products is a general strategy. Then of course, as there was a 
question also from our investor about inorganic growth. So that's also another thing which we 
are looking at. So we want to go to a stage of around INR100 crores in 2 to 3 years' time there. 
Ankur Gulati: 
Sorry, can you repeat the last sentence? 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: So our first target is to get to INR100 crores, INR100 crores in 2 to 3 years' time. 
Ankur Gulati: 
And if I look at the presentation, the other segment is entire Americas or is there other 
geographies in it? There is Asia, Europe and others. So others is entire only Americas. 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: So Nishant or Vishal, can you answer that? 
Nishant Dudhoria: 
Yes. Ankur, this is other continents, including U.S., just not the U.S. It has different places as 
well... 
Ankur Gulati: 
Fair enough. Next one, if you can give us more color on solar inverters. Have we started -- have 
we reached a stage where we can start getting production schedules from the clients or not yet? 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: I mean there's a lot pass in your voice, if somebody can repeat this question or maybe you can 
ask this question once again. 
Moderator: 
Ankur, sir, may I request that, can you please use your handset and speak a little louder? 
Ankur Gulati: 
Have we started getting production schedules on solar inverters or not yet? 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: So on the solar inverters, see, we have -- we had this whole range up to 50 kilowatts, the older 
generation. Single phase we did not have. So single phase we introduced. These are all new 
generation, very modern, competitive with -- in terms of price and performance, of course, they 
are much better. And in terms of price also, they are competitive with the Chinese. 
 
So this we introduced and we started selling them in thousands now. Initially, we were selling 
in hundreds. So that's the first milestone which we achieved with up to 5 kilowatt of solar 
inverters. Now we had this 3-phase inverters also. So the next latest generation, which we call 
as iNEO, that is something which we introduced this quarter, we launched up to 12 kilowatts of 
those iNEO new 3-phase inverter next generation. 
 
So that's already done. And then up to 50, we will introduce them by end of this financial year. 
Apart from that, we are also going to get into hybrid inverter market also. That's another product 
which our R&D team has started to develop. So by almost end of this financial year, these are 
the products which we want to add. 
 
So now we started selling them in open market as well as selling them through the system 
integrators or EPC contractors, the EPC contractors also are coming to us to make contracts 
because they were sourcing them from either China directly or somebody who is assembling 
them for -- in India, but Chinese is -- they are getting assembled and kind of giving that. So that 
market has started to have some problems because of aftersales support, warranty support, 
etcetera. 
So we find very, very strong growth pattern for that because our products are totally designed 
and manufactured here. So we are in a -- there's no technical dependency for us. So the other -- 
there are so many other people who are making inverters and putting them in the market, but 
there is a large level of dependency with Chinese counterparts, which they realize and those are 
also coming. 
 
So we see very huge potential for that in the coming years. And we -- in the new facility, we 
have dedicated one big floor for this with automated manufacturing and to have operational 
efficiency and also scalability. So a lot of things are done on that product line and are in progress 
also. 
Ankur Gulati: 
So on the inverter side, do you foresee that we will end up getting some sort of a production 
schedule from some of these bigger brands or you will end up distributing more through smaller 
distributors? 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: We will do both. We may do some -- we will get into the market through our distribution channel. 
This is one route to the market. Second one is also that we will do some supplies to these bigger 
players who are doing this EPC contracts of selling the solar as a full system. 
Ankur Gulati: 
Okay. Last question, can you give us an update on the plant? How is the construction shaping 
up? 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: Yes. Both the buildings are completed now. And partially -- so we have shifted and they've all 
been partially operational also. So in about a month or 2 months' time, everything should be 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
finished. So again, as we said that these are made with the future plan for next 4 to 5 years to 
make our production more than 2.5x. 
 
So now with the kind of growth which you see, we were already running out of space in some 
areas in our existing old plant. So this is going to not only increase our capacity also, it is going 
to enhance our quality and lead time also because of the shift which we are making. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kiran from TableTree Capital. 
Kiran: 
Sir, my question is on Lumel S.A. You've had tremendous growth in Lumel... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Kiran, sir. There is a lot of background noise coming from your side. 
Kiran: 
Not my side, madam... 
Management: 
If you can just hold for a minute. Please hold for a minute. 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: Yes, yes, yes. This is some siren which is -- yes, Kiran, you can go ahead. 
Kiran: 
Sure. So we've had tremendous growth in Lumel S.A. How much of this growth is because of 
the large order we had received from one of our premier clients, and we had got a follow-up 
order. So there was a EUR5 million order -- EUR5 million order last year and then we received 
a follow-on of a EUR3 million order. So how much of this is because of those 2 orders? 
 
And what's the prospect to kind of scale up this client to more than $10 million, $15 million -- 
EUR10 million, EUR15 million? 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: So the first EUR5 million order, which we had received that was already executed. That is not 
coming part of this thing. The second order, which we had about EUR3 million, this is still 
ongoing, and this is going to last until end of this financial year. So there is a scheduled deliveries 
of that. So it's not that it's one-time order, it's over a period of time. 
 
So that will last until end of this financial year. So I would say I wouldn't know exact percentage, 
but it will be around 20%, 25% of the sales. That's my kind of an estimate because we have 
delivery scheduled for that month after month. So yes, it is part of that. But the good news is 
that we are still working with this customer and this energy grid upgradation in Germany are 
long term, 2, 3 years of additional project. 
 
So we have a fair chance of -- because we have also enhanced the solution for them. So the 
second set which we gave was better than the first one. And the third one, which we are 
recommending is even better than the second one. So it's not like we are just manufacturers. We 
are able to provide better solution to the industry. 
 
So that's where we have an edge, and this will continue. So yes, it is a big part of our -- significant 
part of our sales, but not only. So radiation gate and chip and other things which I talked about, 
our products and solar installation, a lot of things are working well for us. So in Europe, there is 
because of -- in Poland, particularly because of its vicinity to Russia and the conflicts going on 
between Russia and Ukraine, so there is a sense of increased security need and the radiation 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
gates is something which we are getting good projects from airport. All these are being upgraded 
on orders, etcetera. 
 
So that's also another growth strategy, which is helping us. 
Kiran: 
Got it, sir. Got it. Very helpful commentary, sir. And second question, sir, in terms of our India 
growth, if you could just tell us how much of this growth was due to solar inverters because our 
margins have slightly moderated. So how much of this growth was due to solar inverters? And 
how much of this is more white labeling versus Rishabh brand? 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: So if you look at this year, we plan to -- I mean, last year numbers, if you look at it, nothing 
much has changed in terms of the composition. So solar remains less than 5%, okay, in the total. 
So last year, we did about INR8 crores, INR9 crores. And this year, we want to do a moderate 
INR24 crores, INR25 crores of business. So we're still in the gearing-up stage. 
 
And next year, we are looking at some real big growth in the solar business out of -- so INR250 
crores to INR300 crores business, which we are looking at. So solar is not very significant 
growth. I would say the growth is again coming from our traditional products. Solar still has to 
kick in. And once it starts, it will be a much bigger growth for us. 
 
EMS some part of it is coming. So EMS and solar are 2 products where we get a little lower 
margins. But even if we are doing the white labeling, it is our own product, we design, we do 
everything. So there also the margins are comparable with what we sell in the market. So that's 
not diluting our profits. 
 
So the only 2 factors which are lower than our average gross margins and profitability are solar 
and part of EMS, which we do. Otherwise, rest are all at 60% to 70% at gross margin level and 
at contribution level, they are around 40%, 45%. So this is what we have. At contribution level, 
the solar and these EMS ones will not be -- they will be around 15% to 20% at contribution 
level. So that's the product mix you can say. 
 
And there are also some products which we have contribution level 70% to -- 65% to 75%. So 
that whole basket averages out at about 45% contribution level for the -- similar numbers in 
Rishabh and Lumel. Lumel will be a few percentage -- notches up, but quite comparable. 
Kiran: 
Got it, sir. And just from a looking ahead perspective, sir, given the growth tremendous in EEI 
business this year, this quarter, especially, are we still targeting 25% -- 20%, 25% growth that 
you have guided at the start of the year? Or are we looking at a much higher growth in EEI this 
year -- in the EEI business essentially…. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, the line for the management seems to have disconnected. Please hold 
while we reconnect them. Ladies and gentlemen, the line for the management has been 
reconnected. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Kiran: 
So I'll repeat the question, I don't know if you heard my question... 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: Yes. I did not... 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Kiran: 
Perfect, perfect. I'll do that, sir. Basically, we have grown tremendously EEI business this 
quarter. For the full year, 20%, 25% is what we had initially guided. I think 20% is what we had 
guided at the start of the year. 
 
Given the start of the stupendous quarter this time, are you looking at a much higher growth in 
EEI business, close to 30% this year? Or are we still saying that we'll grow at 20% because a lot 
of front-loading has happened this quarter? 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: Yes. So this is exactly what Mr. Zaki also asked. So we really don't want to give -- upscale our 
guidelines. But of course, we are doing better than what we promised, and we want to -- we will 
try to do that. 
 
So our guidelines around 20% on the top line and on the EBITDA about 20% to 22% for EEI 
business is what we had said, and we will try to have that because there is a bit of a seasonality 
also. In July, August in Europe is a holiday season. And then December, Jan also, there is a bit 
of holidays in Europe, so business is a little lower. And in India also during the Diwali time, 
there is a bit of a seasonality. So we -- obviously, if you counter all of that, so quarter 1 to quarter 
1, we have done good. 
 
And with that logic, we should be doing better also. And there is no -- absolutely, everything 
that we have been doing is producing good results. And that means that what we are doing is 
really on the right way, but I also don't want to give much higher rating. Of course, they can be 
2%, 3% more. But we want to stick to the guidelines as we projected. 
 
Last year also, we delivered what -- we overdelivered what we said, and we want to repeat that 
for the second year also. And by -- in our industry standards, what we have given as a guidelines 
are pretty good, much higher than what our competition is doing. 
Kiran: 
Perfect, sir. Congratulations. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mulesh Savla from Shah & Savla. 
Mulesh Savla: 
Congratulations, Dinesh-ji and Vishal-ji for excellent results. Sir, most of the questions are 
answered, but I would like to know a little more about the current transformer, what is the 
capacity at our place? How is the traction? What is the capacity utilization? And are we planning 
any expansion into that? 
 
That is one area. Another we have PCB manufacturing lines with us. I think most of PCBs we 
are using for our captive consumption for our products. But with the expanded capacity, are we 
going to supply PCB to others? How is the traction there? 
 
What is the capacity utilization? And what kind of business we can generate from PCB segment 
also? And similarly, there is one -- another area where government is also pushing a lot of weight 
that is battery energy saving systems. So are we looking at expanding into that? And are we 
getting any traction on that area? These are my questions on the specific areas. 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: Okay, okay. Savla-ji, thank you for listening and really very detailed question you asked. Hello? 
can you hear me? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: So on the CT, yes, there is a global demand, which has increased because of AI and generally 
for which every energy meter or digital or analog current transformers go. So we are expanding 
that not only with the low voltage, also with medium voltage. So our capacity per day was around 
5,000 to 6,000 low-voltage current transformers we were making. So as we speak, we are 
enhancing it to 8,000 to 10,000 now. This is a work in progress already. 
 
Part of it is coming by the expanded facility we have and all the necessary machineries, 
additional machineries are also ordered for that. This is work in progress. So absolutely on the 
CT side, we are increasing our capacity. We're almost doubling our capacity, close to doubling 
our capacity. So this is work in progress. 
 
And we have a very strong global presence for low-voltage current transformers, and we'll 
extend it for medium voltage also. So this is work in progress. Second point which you 
mentioned was about the PCB manufacturing. Yes, we have currently 3 SMT lines. The latest 
one which we took was really high-end SMT line. 
 
We already started making PCBAs for some motherboards, including involving Intel chips. So 
this is really a high-end PCBA family, which we already started. So when I was referring to 
EMS business, this is what I was referring to. And currently, we have some capacity which we 
are utilizing when we fully utilize that capacity with these 3 assembly lines. And one of the old 
SMT lines we are upgrading also as we speak so that we are able to do more complex projects 
also with that. 
 
And then once we reach 3 shifts, all the 3 SMT lines are full, then we'll add the next one so that 
we keep on growing. So this also is, I would say, positive. CT, yes, we are doing. PCB 
manufacturing also, yes, we are doing. So growth is coming from both of them. 
 
And when it comes to battery energy systems, so this is a lot of emphasis. We will not be directly 
involved in that, but indirectly. When we talk about hybrid inverters, so hybrid inverters are 
going to be part of this battery energy system because when you have solar installations, then 
the hybrid inverters will convert that solar into electricity, either they can utilize or they can store 
or they can put it back on the grid. So this is where that hybrid inverter comes into picture. So 
we'll be part of that, but battery manufacturing itself is a different thing. 
 
Of course, any solutions around that will be involved because battery management, there's a lot 
of things which we can do with that. It's the kind of an automation you can say. So we will be 
involved, but we will not be in the process of manufacturing batteries themselves. So anything 
around that, of course, this gives us a lot of opportunities. We'll be part of that. 
Mulesh Savla: 
Great. Great. So basically, we are already manufacturing. We are trying to doubling the capacity, 
and you see good traction there. Sir, you also talked about some inorganic opportunity. So you 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
were referring to U.S. area or you were referring to inorganic opportunity anywhere? And is 
there anything that we are evaluating right now? 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: Yes. So we are talking about inorganic possibilities everywhere, including U.S.A. That question 
was specifically for U.S.A. U.S.A, a couple of opportunities we are looking at, a few 
opportunities in Europe also, we are looking at a few opportunities in India also we are looking 
at, but nothing is really at a stage where it is serious. So we are exploring, as I said, our process 
is very strong. 
 
We go through a strong due diligence. First of all, it has to make absolute strategic sense for us. 
And then the strong due diligence process we do. And after that, the next steps will be there. So 
we are exploring those possibilities, and we'll keep that anyway open. 
 
So anyway, our organic growth is doing good. Inorganic, we want to grow, but we are not really 
like -- we don't have any target like this quarter or this year, we have to have so much. So it has 
to be a right fit. This is more important for us. 
Mulesh Savla: 
Perfect. Perfect, sir. And sir, one question to Vishal-ji. Vishal-ji, I think by financial year '27, all 
our ESOPs cost will be done away with, right? 
Vishal Kulkarni: 
Yes. We have given some additional ESOPs last year. So that cost will be there for next 3 years, 
but the amount will be not so huge, which was there earlier. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that was the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to management for closing comments. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Dineshkumar Musalekar: Yes. Thank you very much for keeping invested in our company. And also, some of you might 
have been potentially looking at investing and taking time to hear us out. And we could see that 
the response to our results has been very positive in the market also, we saw that we had all-time 
high today and which gives us tremendous strength and encouragement to do better. So we thank 
all our employees and customers as well as our shareholders for continued support. And with 
this, I would like to close this meeting, and thank you once again to everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Rishabh Instruments Limited, that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
