PONDY OXIDES AND CHEMICALS LIMITED POCL® 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Sth Floor, 
Plot No. Cl1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 OSl 
NSE Symbol 
:POCL 
BSE Scrip Code: 532626 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
11 th August 2026 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Sub: Transcript of the Ql FY 2026-27 Investor Call held on osth August 2026 
With reference to our letter dated OSth August 2026, intimating you about the link of the audio 
recordings of the investor call held on Wednesday, OSth August 2026 at 03:30 PM 1ST, and 
pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEB1 (LODR) Regulations, 201S, 
please find enclosed the transcripts of the aforesaid Investor call. 
The above information will also be available on the website of the company 1.e., 
www.pocl.com 
We request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully 
For Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
K. Kumaravel 
Director Finance & Company Secretary 
KRM Centre, 4th Floor, # 2, Harrington Road, Chetpet, Chennai - 600 031. Tamil Nadu, India. 
Phone: + 91 - 44 - 4296 5454 
E-mail: info@pocl.com 
Web: www.pocl.com 
CIN No.: L24294T N1995PLC030586 
II 
GSTIN: 33AAACP5102D4Z4 
K 
KUMARA
VEL
Digitally signed by K KUMARAVEL 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=600083, st=TAMIL 
NADU, street=NO4350 ANJUGAM NAGAR 
2ND STREETCHENNAIJAFFERKHANPET 
600083, l=CHENNAI, o=Personal, title=0131, 
serialNumber=1000fa75f1b4356d894d05ae
462ccbf2eedd1acda5d98c29f77e061ea784
1c5f, 
pseudonym=4122424d83739f7b0b4c0e16a
d2f148f, 
2.5.4.20=b4b58cd32baa231c6b73063fa9b3
34e04526e7b0305b9d4b06ff0649cdda846a
, email=KK@POCL.COM, cn=K KUMARAVEL 
Date: 2026.08.11 12:22:31 +05'30'

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
 
“Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 05, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH BANSAL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – PONDY OXIDES AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
MR. K. KUMARAVEL – DIRECTOR, FINANCE AND 
COMPANY 
SECRETARY 
– 
PONDY 
OXIDES 
AND 
CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
MR. R. S. VAIDHYANATHAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
PONDY OXIDES AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
MR. VIJAY BALAKRISHNAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – PONDY OXIDES AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
MR. PRATIK GUPTA – ASSOCIATE VICE PRESIDENT, 
OPERATIONS – PONDY OXIDES AND CHEMICALS 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SANA KAPOOR – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 
 
 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Pondy Oxides and 
Chemicals Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go India 
Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this call is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Sana Kapoor from Go India Advisors. 
Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Sana Kapoor: 
Thank you, Shruti. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Pondy Oxides 
and Chemicals Limited's earnings call to discuss Q1 FY27 financial 
performance. Today, we are joined by Mr. Ashish Bansal, Chairman and 
Managing Director; Mr. K. Kumaravel, Director, Finance and Company 
Secretary; Mr. R.S. Vaidhyanathan, Executive Director; Mr. Vijay 
Balakrishnan, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Pratik Gupta, Associate Vice 
President, Operations. 
 
We must remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain 
forward-looking statements and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with 
the risks that the company faces. May I now request Mr. Ashish Bansal to take 
us through the company's business outlook and financial highlights, 
subsequent to which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Ashish Bansal: 
Thank you, Sana. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for 
POCL's Q1 FY27 Earnings Call. I hope you've had the opportunity to go 
through our financial disclosures available on the exchanges. I'll walk you 
through the key strategic updates, operational progress and financial 
performance followed by a Q&A session. 
 
We have started FY27 on a strong footing with Q1 FY27 revenue, EBITDA 
and PAT growing at 56%, 30% and 32% year-on-year, respectively. I'm 
pleased to share that our copper vertical continued its strong momentum in Q1 
FY27, achieving the highest ever quarterly production and sales with both 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
volumes increasing by more than 3 times on a year-on-year basis. These results 
reflect the strength of our integrated business model, our focus on value-added 
products and our commitment to delivering sustainable and profitable growth. 
 
Before turning to the financial performance, I would like to highlight the key 
strategic initiatives that have supported our strong start to the year and are 
strengthening the foundation of POCL's long-term growth and value creation. 
Our copper expansion project continues to make encouraging progress. We are 
establishing a 36,000 metric ton per annum copper cathode facility at our 
Thervoy kandigai plant in Tamil Nadu with a total investment of 
approximately INR200 crores, fully funded through our internal accruals. 
 
We have already incurred around INR25 crores towards the project and 
execution remains on schedule with major equipment orders finalized and key 
construction activities underway. The first phase of 18,000 metric tons per 
annum is on track for commissioning by December 2026, with trial runs 
expected in Q4 FY27, while Phase 2 is targeted for commissioning by Q3 
FY28. 
 
This project marks a key milestone in strengthening our nonferrous portfolio 
and expanding our value-added copper vertical. The facility will leverage 
integrated pyro refining and electrorefining technologies to produce LME 
grade A copper cathodes, further enhancing our vertical integration 
capabilities. 
 
Upon commissioning, the project is expected to improve our product mix, 
enhance margins and drive profitability through value-added copper products. 
It will also create operational synergies, support import substitution, increase 
the use of recycled copper and further reinforce our commitment to 
sustainability and long-term value creation. 
 
The incremental 6,000 metric tons per annum copper recycling capacity 
commissioned in Q4 FY26 has ramped up well and is expected to achieve 
capacity utilization of approximately 75% through FY 2027. These 
investments will strengthen our copper vertical, enhance value addition and 
support our long-term growth strategy. CRISIL has upgraded POCL's outlook 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
to A positive from A stable while reaffirming its credit rating, recognizing its 
strong balance sheet and sustained financial performance. 
 
Building on these strategic developments and operational and financial 
performance in Q1 FY 2027 reflected the resilience of our business and 
disciplined execution across the organization. While lead production and sales 
volumes moderated during the quarter, it was a conscious strategic decision to 
prioritize value-added products amidst supply chain disruption and production 
constraints that enabled us to achieve our highest ever lead EBITDA per ton of 
INR21,595. 
 
Copper production and sales volumes increased by more than 3x year-on-year 
in Q1 FY27, supported by the ongoing ramp-up of the additional capacity. The 
segment delivered strong profitability with copper EBITDA per ton rising 66% 
year-on-year to INR48,488. Copper is expected to contribute approximately 
45% of our overall revenue in FY27 as capacity ramp-up progresses. 
 
Coming to financial performance for Q1 FY27. Revenue growth remained 
robust during Q1 FY27 with revenue increasing to INR931 crores, registering 
56% year-on-year growth. The overall sales mix between domestic and export 
markets stood at 55% and 45%, respectively. And between the lead and copper 
verticals, the export mix stood at 55% and 25%, respectively. 
 
Within the lead vertical, value-added products accounted for 85% of the 
segment revenue reinforcing our strategic focus on increasing the share of 
higher-margin products. EBITDA and PAT increased by 30% and 32% on a 
year-on-year basis to INR56 crores and INR36 crores, respectively. In Q1 
FY27, EBITDA and PAT margins remained strong at 6% and 3.9% in Q1 
FY27. On a consolidated basis, the same momentum continued with revenue, 
EBITDA and PAT increasing by 55%, 33% and 43% year-on-year, 
respectively, driven by higher volumes, improved product mix and enhanced 
operational efficiencies. 
 
As we move forward, we remain confident in our long-term growth journey. 
Our target 2030 road map is focused on delivering over 15% volume growth, 
20% plus CAGR in revenue and profitability, EBITDA margins above 8%, 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
ROCE exceeding 20% and deriving over 60% of our revenue from value-added 
products. 
 
The ramp-up of expanded lead capacities, ongoing copper capacity additions, 
increasing contribution from value-added products, forward integration 
initiatives and our continued focus on operational excellence and sustainability 
position us well to deliver profitable growth, enhance shareholder returns and 
create long-term value for all our stakeholders. 
 
Thank you for your continued trust and support. I would now like to open the 
floor for questions. Over to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Dheeraj Ram from 360 ONE Capital. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Sir, you've guided in last quarter for around 1.25 lakh tons to 1.3 lakh tons of 
lead volume sales for FY27. So based on current quarter's run rate, do you 
expect another maybe 1, 1.1 lakh tons of sales for next 3 quarters? Or do we 
see any revision of this? 
Ashish Bansal: 
Dheeraj, this is -- as you're aware, the whole supply chain issues were getting 
-- I mean, through the quarter, they were a little constrained, and that is the 
main reason. And we hope to achieve and catch up to the volumes, but we'll 
have to see how the whole supply chain pans out over the next 1 or 2 months. 
And we are confident at least we will be able to close up to the numbers that 
we had committed over the last quarter. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Okay. And since you're importing majority of copper scrap, but copper has 
seen very good growth, while there is only problem in lead industry. Could you 
explain briefly on why is this only being facing in lead recycling while not in 
copper? 
Ashish Bansal: 
I mean it is more of the regional placement. So of course, we are also importing 
copper, but the copper material coming across from a few other locations as 
well and copper has just started. So when you look at the volume growth, you 
look at multifold growth, wherein lead already being at very high volumes, you 
see that differential not showing as much. So it is more of a locational 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
advantage a little bit and a little bit to do with the supply chain from the kind 
of countries that the copper scrap was imported from. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Okay. Got it. And do you see any these difficulties or challenges being relaxed 
as of now? Or do we -- do we see this increasing going forward? 
Ashish Bansal: 
As of now, it is status quo. And I'm not too sure, but I don't think it looks like 
it should increase more. But as of now, it'd be a little early to comment on the 
same. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Okay. And last question, sir. What is our capacity utilization for our new 
72,000 ton TKD plant of lead? And what is the one for 6,000 tons of new 
copper plant that you commenced last quarter? 
Ashish Bansal: 
On the TKD new capacity, because here, we mainly do more of our pure lead 
products. So the capacity utilization is below 50%. And as you're aware, we 
had concentrated more this quarter having lower volumes to keep up the 
margins more on the value-added part. So almost 85% of our production has 
been from the value-added production. Hence, the new facility, the capacity 
utilization has been a little low versus the other unit has been a little higher. In 
terms of copper, almost 75% of the capacity is being utilized on the additional 
capacity added. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
So just a follow-up, this 75% that you're seeing is on the new capacity that 
commenced in copper? 
Ashish Bansal: 
Yes, including the old and the new 75% overall has been. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sagar Shah from Spark Capital. 
Sagar Shah: 
Sir, my first question was just a follow-up on the previous participants on the 
lead utilization. I understand that the lead utilization is low because of the 
difficulty in getting the scrap as well as in sales actually. But I wanted to 
understand, is there a softness in the demand as well because we are not 
exposed to Middle East. We are more exporting to the European countries. So 
is there a demand slowdown as well as in the Western part as well as what we 
have seen in the Middle Eastern region? 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
Ashish Bansal: 
So basically, first of all, our exports are not to the European countries. They 
are predominantly more to Southeast Asia and the likes. And in terms of what 
you call demand softening, there's no demand softening, but there has been 
only supply chain delays because of which the whole issues have been -- 
volumes have been lower and all of those. 
Sagar Shah: 
Okay. So, when do you see the demand on track, at least in H2? Or will this 
softness in demand continue in FY27. 
Ashish Bansal: 
Like I said, there is no softness in demand. There is a gap in supply because of 
delay in shipments and the supply chain disruptions. But overall, the demand 
is intact. 
Sagar Shah: 
Okay. Okay. Fine, sir. My second question was related to our cost pressures, 
sir. The other expenses were up 16% Y-o-Y and 44% sequentially. So is this 
only because of this increase in the freight forwarding costs and the increase 
in the logistics cost? Or is there something else also in this one? 
Ashish Bansal: 
Logistics is a very -- I mean, there's a small part of increase, which is a part of 
it, definitely, yes, but that does not contribute to the major part. The major part 
is contributed by the fuel prices and a couple of additives prices that have shot 
up in the last 3 months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naman Parmar. You may proceed sir. 
Naman Parmar: 
So firstly, I wanted to understand that the current quarter, you have attained 
the highest ever realization and EBITDA per ton on the lead side. So what you 
will be guiding for the lead EBITDA per ton and the realization going forward 
it's a onetime only... 
Vijay Balakrishnan: 
See, this quarter, this is Vijay. So this time, our value-added mix was about 85 
percentage. So as we said in the past, whenever we do more of value-added, 
the EBITDA range will be around INR19,000 to INR21,000. So since 
predominant portion of this lead volume comprises of value-added, we 
achieved this volume. But moving forward, when the volumes increase, we'll 
be able to retain the sustained EBITDA level of about INR18,000 to 
INR20,000 per metric ton. That is a sustainable level of EBITDA that will be 
maintained. 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
Naman Parmar: 
What that INR170 to 180 will be sustaining EBITDA. 
Vijay Balakrishnan: 
That is the number what we have said INR18,000 to INR20,000 per metric ton 
EBITDA levels. That is a sustainable level, which we can attain moving 
forward. 
Naman Parmar: 
Okay. Got it. Secondly, on the copper side plant, how is the capex going on? 
And what would be the outlook like it will be starting your 18,000 ton metric 
ton, it was expected to start in the September, right? So how is the capex going 
on, on that side? 
Ashish Bansal: 
So correct me if I'm wrong, your question is what is the capex that's already 
been done on the copper part? And if -- as you are thinking it's September 
month, will it start in September? Is my question right, my understanding? 
Naman Parmar: 
Yes, yes. Yes, yes. 
Ashish Bansal: 
So currently, all the machine orders are in place and they're almost ready for 
inspection. We have spent approximately INR25 crores out of this thing and 
the further part of spending will happen in this quarter. Our commitment on 
starting the trial production was December 2026 and not September 2026. 
September 2026, the machine installations will start around September end and 
will take about October, November for the machine installations and the trial 
production to happen in December and which is on track. 
Naman Parmar: 
Okay. Got it. And lastly, if you can give the -- what volume you are expecting 
on the both the lead side and the aluminium and the copper for the '27 and '28? 
Ashish Bansal: 
We'll revert with those volume guidance shortly in the future, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Khush from Geojit CMS. 
Khush: 
Just wanted to understand how much of the sourcing is coming from the 
Middle Eastern trade routes because it is not just you, it is the whole industry 
that has highlighted to the supply chain issues. So that would be helpful. 
Ashish Bansal: 
So our Middle Eastern procurement is well below 5%. But the issue more than 
the Middle Eastern procurement is the supply chain in terms of the shipping 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
route that is through the Hormuz and all of those, which are getting delayed. 
So that is the main issue and because of which the whole delay is happening. 
Khush: 
Sure. And if these delays persist because of the XYZ reasons, how do we trying 
to mitigate it? 
Ashish Bansal: 
We are looking at alternative sourcing as we have, and we have already started 
working on it from our Southeast Asian and other South American and other 
region suppliers. And we are trying to push for more supplies from these 
regions. 
Khush: 
Okay. But then that would be at the similar pricing that you are buying right 
now or it could be at the higher end? 
Ashish Bansal: 
Technically, it should be at a similar pricing, but it all depends again on the 
inward freight costs and all of those. So we'll have to see as the material starts 
being offered. 
Khush: 
Got it. Got it, sir. And in terms of the plastics and aluminium division, where 
are we in terms of what is the ramp-up, etcetera, over there? 
Vijay Balakrishnan: 
So Plastic division for this quarter, it has turned profitable. We have achieved 
about INR15 lakhs in terms of profit -- net profit. So we did about 800 tons 
approximately, and we are preparing for doing value additions in the quarters 
to come. With respect to aluminium, we are doing a small quantum, about 200 
metric tons. That is what is the production right now in terms of both these 
verticals. 
Khush: 
Got it, sir. And one last question. For the full year, what should be the expected 
value addition value-added mix for lead? Because this quarter, it was extremely 
high at 85%. I'm sure as things improve, it would come down. So what would 
be the sustainable mix of value-added for lead? 
Ashish Bansal: 
Yes. Annually, we are looking at around 65% to 70% on the value-added mix. 
Last year was at about 63%. And this year, we are expecting and targeting 
around 65% to 70%. 
Khush: 
Sure. And in Q1 FY26, how much it would be? 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
Ashish Bansal: 
85%... 
Khush: 
Last year, you're talking about. 
Ashish Bansal: 
Last year was about 55% approximately. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pawan Kumar from Global Consilient 
Research. 
Pawan Kumar: 
Most of the questions have already been answered. So one last question is on 
the capex side. The guidance that you have alluded towards INR175 crores for 
the financial year '27, which we have already disclosed in the investor 
presentation. So out of this INR175 crores, can you please break down that 
how much is the growth capex and the maintenance capex out of this? 
Ashish Bansal: 
The current INR25 crores is for the fresh capex that has already been spent. 
Out of approximately that INR175 crores, the maintenance capex will be in the 
range of INR20 crores, INR25 crores and balance INR140 crores to INR150 
crores would be for the copper new plant division. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya from Mirae Asset? 
Aditya: 
Just wanted to understand on copper, like as we are ramping up our copper 
capacities, from sourcing point of view, I mean, how should we think about 
copper scrap security? I mean, we are seeing that global supply is tightening, 
especially on the copper side as well and more and more countries are looking 
to keep more of scrap within their boundaries. So are we seeing any kind of 
sourcing problems, especially on the copper side going forward? And what is 
our take on that? 
Ashish Bansal: 
So currently, most of our copper sourcing is on imports and a little more -- with 
a little more diversified different countries than where we are doing our 
predominantly. But we are also looking at copper from domestic sourcing, 
which would contribute about 25% to 30% going forward. And a lot of which 
we have also started looking at it currently. 
 
I mean it has to be -- I mean, the sourcing model for scrap going forward will 
have to be extremely dynamic in terms of being able to quickly switch over to 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
domestic and versus imports. So it has to be a dynamic function of the whole 
process. And as it goes -- as we go forward, we'll have to keep making it 
stronger. 
Aditya: 
Got it, sir. Very helpful. Just on the lead side, we understand that it was -- it's 
not a demand issue right now, but majorly a sourcing issue like we are facing 
supply chain issues because of this Middle East crisis. But if this crisis persists, 
say, for the next 1, 2 or 3 months, how are we planning to, I mean, source our 
scrap on the lead part because, again, our lead imports are quite high. 
Ashish Bansal: 
See, it is -- when we say sourcing, it is more of the shipping delays and all of 
it, which is happening. And already, we have started looking into other regions 
like the Southeast Asian region and a little more on the domestic part of it. And 
going forward, I mean, those -- the specific shipping routes will have to be 
avoided. 
 
So because of it, there could be -- the sailing time would be a little longer and 
maybe a little impact on the pricing in terms of raw material overall. But I 
mean, it has -- it will find its balance in the due course. I mean it's not going to 
be perennial. 
Aditya: 
Got it, sir. Just one small follow-up on that. I mean, does that lead... 
Ashish Bansal: 
Whenever there's a war, post war, the scrap generation is also at multifold due 
to all the calamities that's happened during the war. 
Aditya: 
Just a follow-up -- a quick follow-up on that. I mean, with war being elongated, 
does that stretch our working capital also? I mean, do we see that kind of 
working capital being stretched at least for next 1 or 2 quarters? 
Ashish Bansal: 
No. Our working capital is not stretched if you look at our current numbers. 
Our payment cycle is when the material arrives closer to the port, that's about 
a week before the arrival of the material. So that still stays in place. So that 
does not really has not impacted our working capital cycle. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jigar Jani from Nuvama. 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
Jigar Jani: 
Congratulations on great numbers in a tough environment. My first question is 
on the copper EBITDA per ton. If I recall rightly, I think last quarter, you had 
guided for INR35,000 to INR40,000 on a normalized basis before the value 
addition kicks in. This quarter, again, we have surpassed last quarter's EBITDA 
per ton in copper. So what kind of guidance would you like to provide before 
value addition for the copper EBITDA per ton for the full year? 
Ashish Bansal: 
Thank you. You're exactly right. We had guided at 35,000 to 40,000. But with 
our increased capacity right now from -- with the addition of 6,000, we are able 
to get a little more efficiencies back into our operations and translate that into 
-- I mean, into the sales pricing. And also because of good amount of volumes, 
we are able to compress a little bit on our -- the working capital cycle in terms 
of overall cost on that basis was -- we were able to bring down by a couple of 
basis points. 
 
And in addition to that, currently, in this quarter, we also had a little run-up 
due to the demand situation in terms of availability. So we are able to get a 
little more premium on the selling side on copper. But nevertheless, looking at 
going forward margins on this, I mean, we should be able to do in excess of 
40,000, which mainly is driven through the efficiencies that we have gotten 
through our increased capacities and some machine additions and all of those. 
So we can safely guide above 40,000 would be for the part which was earlier, 
35,000 to 40,000. 
Jigar Jani: 
Right. And sir, on volumes also, I think we had guided 12,000 tons for copper. 
Again, first quarter, we have done about 4,000. We are already at 75% 
utilization. So can we expect some more ramp-up in this? Or should we expect 
that 4,000, 4,500 should be the run rate till the new capacity kicks in? 
Ashish Bansal: 
Yes. So we will have our new capacity kicking in the last quarter. So definitely, 
in the last quarter, we will have the capacity benefit of the new capacity coming 
in as well. Till then, we will be pushing hard on the existing capacities, 
whatever we have and see what maximum we can do. 
Jigar Jani: 
Understood, sir. And sir, lastly, just a question on copper. So right now, when 
we say copper cathodes, right now, till what stage do we do the scrap 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
processing? Do we just do the ingots -- or do we do the anodes also as of now? 
Just wanted to understand. 
Ashish Bansal: 
Anode is a part of the new project that's coming up. So from the scrap 
processing to anode, anode to cathode will be a part of the new process that 
comes. Currently, we are doing the basic preprocessing in terms of shedding 
chopping, sorting and a small amount of melting as well into some remelted 
kind of ingot or pellet, but majority is pre-built condition, pre-built. 
Jigar Jani: 
So when we target Q3 FY27, 18,000 tons, that will be till cathode and not till 
anode. Is the understanding correct? 
Ashish Bansal: 
The installed capacity, what we are establishing for 18,000 tons will be till the 
end product cathode. 
Jigar Jani: 
Understood. And sir, lastly, any plans that you have formalized on forward 
integration from copper cathode into busbars wire rods or any value-added 
products that you are looking at as of now? 
Ashish Bansal: 
We are on the way of finalizing, but right now, we don't have a confirmed 
product, which we will be announcing. So closer to -- as we get to our final 
production stages on the cathode, we will come out and announce our further 
plans of forward integration. 
Jigar Jani: 
Sure. And lastly, any update on lithium-ion or we are still at pilot stages there? 
Ashish Bansal: 
Mr. Vaidhy will speak a little more on the lithium-ion. 
R. S. Vaidhyanathan: Yes. We are still -- since the industry is still evolving, we are still 
contemplating and working with some strategic technical partners 
predominantly in India, only the LFP chemistry is available and wherein the 
recovery extraction is about 1.5% to 2% and rest the iron -- I mean phosphate 
is not of much demand and much value. 
 
So we are just monitoring the entire -- the feedstock arrival and the other 
challenges like the evolving technology and other stuff. So once we kind of 
convince ourselves in terms of what to and how to go about it, and we will 
surely let all of you know about it. 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saransh Gupta from SVAN Investments. 
Saransh Gupta: 
Yes. Sir, I wanted to firstly understand like in this quarter, our value-added mix 
was 85%, and that has been the historical high, I believe. So was this due to 
the supply constraints? Or is did our customers -- was this because of our 
customer demand? 
Ashish Bansal: 
So basically, when our -- we had some supply constraints, so we did discuss 
with our customers where we spoke to them and interested because they are 
customers who take the value-added products are specifically dependent on 
specific suppliers for value-added products. So we requested them if they could 
take the basic pure lead and other products from elsewhere and take the value-
added products from us. 
 
So -- and we were able to convert those into the orders. So if you see basically 
our value-added products have been sold as they were in terms of volume. But 
since the pure lead volume did come down, so the percentage is at 85%. 
Saransh Gupta: 
Understood, sir. Just a follow-up on that. Like assuming the similar situation 
continuing in this quarter as well, do our customers have the bandwidth to 
accept more value-added mix -- value-added products in lead segment? 
Ashish Bansal: 
I mean I don't get the question. You mean bandwidth accept more in the sense? 
Saransh Gupta: 
Sir, like in this quarter, we did 85% of value-added, which helped us achieve 
an EBITDA of INR21,500 something. So do we have -- do our customers have 
-- do our customers have the requirement of additional value-added products 
in this quarter as well? Or because I believe that yearly, there is a certain 
demand that has to be met for value-added. And post that, we can supply only 
alloys to them. Sir, I just wanted to understand like how conveniently we can 
shift our value-added mix that helps us attain higher EBITDA per ton. As in 
your answer, you said that this was a onetime event that because of supply 
chain issues, you request your customers to get -- to take higher value-added 
products? 
Ashish Bansal: 
No, no, no. Again, I'll again explain the same thing to you. We did not request 
our customers to take a volume of value-added products. We requested our 
customers to take the basic pure lead product from any other supplier because 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
that's more easy to procure, wherein value-added products are supplier 
specific. 
 
So when our volumes of the pure lead drop, in totality, if you see the 
percentage, it was 85% -- so we concentrated to see that we don't drop the 
volume of the value-added products from where it is and rather drop the 
volume of the lower profitable products and continue with whatever best we 
can do in the amount of raw material that was available at that point in time. 
Saransh Gupta: 
Understood, sir. And just one last question. In the last con call, I guess there 
was some receivables around INR110 crores, INR115 crores that we had to 
receive in April. So what's the status on that? And how... 
Ashish Bansal: 
That was received then was that it was received on April 5 itself. During the 
con call and the negative cash flow was due to there's a vessel delay, which 
moved -- is supposed to be around the last week of this thing and moved to 
April 1st week. Hence, we received that payment on April 5, and that's what 
showed the cash flow to be negative, but that was received on April 5. 
Saransh Gupta: 
Understood. So how -- what's our -- at the end of the quarter, what is our 
working capital cycle? 
Ashish Bansal: 
Currently, we are at 46 days... Versus 53 days earlier. And we have a positive 
cash flow as well, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dev from Ithought PMS. 
Dev: 
Sir, I understand that by end of this financial year, we will be having 12,000 
metric tons of copper recycling, 36,000 metric tons of copper cathode. So how 
much of this we will use captive recycled copper for the copper cathode and 
the balance amount where we'll be sourcing copper pre-melt from? 
 
Because I wanted to understand in different scenarios, what could be our 
margins and what could be the EBITDA per ton, like when we are doing copper 
cathode from own pre-melt and when we are doing copper cathode by sourcing 
it from outside? 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
Ashish Bansal: 
So by the end of this financial year, we will have an installed capacity of 18,000 
metric tons of cathode. And by Q3 of next financial year, we'll have the balance 
18,000 on stream. We will be using almost close to 70%, 80% of our in-house 
recycled material or basically, the idea of using in-house will be the lower 
grade will be used for our production and the higher grade will be sold as it is, 
because on the higher grade of scrap, as much value addition will not make 
sense. So that kind of processing cost and everything. So that will be sold as 
of. 
 
Apart from that, we have tied up for sourcing of various other kinds of copper 
scrap that will be used for this melt. What we had guided was a blended margin 
profile on this should be in the range of around 60,000, 65,000. 
 
As of now, we still hold the same unless until we start -- and of course, as we 
start and we go through a couple of months, efficiencies will definitely kick in. 
So we are sure that we will be able to increase the number on that, but a bare 
minimum of INR60,000 to INR65,000 per ton will be achieved on this cathode 
part. 
Dev: 
Got it, sir. Got it. So sir, since we have like higher copper cathode facility, are 
we also like planning to increase our copper recycling facility for the backward 
integration around 12,000... 
Ashish Bansal: 
Yes, we probably will, but we will look at it at that point in time based on the 
raw material mix that we wish to push in for our production. 
Dev: 
Got it, sir. Got it. Sir, next question was on the lead side. Sir, given the 
disruption that we have seen in the current quarter on the lead, but still our 
sourcing mix was like 97% for international. Any specific reason that why we 
didn't go for more domestic sourcing despite the disruption in the international 
channels? 
Ashish Bansal: 
Yes. The domestic pricing because the domestic market, understanding that 
there is a delay, the price delta was so high that if we had gone in for more 
domestic sourcing, our overall profitability in terms of per kg EBITDA would 
have drastically dropped. So it did not really make too much of sense to push 
in to go for domestic sourcing and wipe out the profitability as well. 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Firstly, congratulations on a good set of performance in a very challenging 
environment, sir. just wanted to know a lot of my questions have been already 
answered. So just on the lead side, sir, like are we still seeing that big supply 
chain issue right now happening? Will it hamper Q2 as well? Because the war 
doesn't seem to be getting over anytime soon. 
 
And even if it does, the shipping lines might not come to full force right now. 
So what would be your outlook and view on the current Q2 happening? And 
as well as like if we have to hit our guidance of nearly 100000 -120,000. So 
then we should -- we would have to do sizably in H2. So do we have enough 
capacity for that, sir? 
Ashish Bansal: 
See, in terms of capacity, yes, we have the capacity to do that. And in terms of 
will it continue for Q2 I would love to be optimistic that it should not continue 
for Q2. The first month has been a little better than the first -- the last 3 months. 
But hoping that things would be better, but I mean, we have to only wait and 
watch how things pan out on the supply disruption side as of now. We might 
not be able to give you an extremely concrete answer. Maybe another month 
down the line, we might have more concrete answer. But at this moment, we 
stay as optimistic that it should end. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. Okay. Fair enough, sir. And sir, just wanted to know like in FY28, when 
our full -- the new cathode capacity comes in, so what kind of volume are we 
expecting from copper in FY28 or rough range will also do, sir? 
Ashish Bansal: 
I didn't get your question. We'll be expecting what? 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
So in copper, like FY28, like from the 18,000, like what would be the capacity 
utilization ramp-up that we can see, sir? 
Ashish Bansal: 
In FY28, I mean, we are confident we'll be able to utilize over 80%, 90% of 
the capacity of 36,000 metric tons. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Swaraj, an Investor. 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
Swaraj: 
My question was, like our copper revenue percentage has now become more 
than lead. So, until our cathode goes live, which you say will be in December, 
should we assume the two quarters until then we will have slightly less 
EBITDA margins, take a bit of a hit? 
Ashish Bansal: 
In what? Why would there be a hit in margins? In absolute quantum the margin 
will be much higher, right? 
Swaraj: 
Yes, like in this quarter our copper percentage has increased suddenly. So on 
EBITDA margins there has been a bit of de-growth. 
Ashish Bansal: 
Are you looking at this in value or percentage? 
Swaraj: 
EBITDA margin sir. 
Ashish Bansal: 
Are you looking at this in value or percentage? 
Swaraj: 
Sir, in percentage. 
Ashish Bansal: 
So you'll be happier if it is 9%, but it's still, for example, INR50 crores versus 
if it is INR70 crores, but it is only 8%. So, you're saying you'll be happier at 
9% than INR50 crores. I'm just trying to understand. So absolutely, the 
absolute quantum numbers, it will be much higher because per ton realization 
on copper margins will be at cathode level will be in the range of about 
INR65,000 versus lead being at INR20-21,000. So accordingly, I mean, if you 
look at percentage, it might -- it will be slightly lower. But in terms of absolute 
quantum, it will be much higher. 
Swaraj: 
And sir, the 8% EBITDA margin target we are carrying, by when gradually 
can we achieve that 8%? 
Ashish Bansal: 
We will be able to have a blend 8% by 2030 is what we have given the target, 
but we are confident we'll achieve much before that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Utkarsh Somaiya from EIko Quantum 
Solutions. 
Utkarsh Somaiya: 
Great set of numbers in this environment where your peers couldn't perform. I 
just had a question. Now once your entire copper capacity comes on stream 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
next year, we should be able to do around 28 odd thousand tons. Now this is 
going to be a mix of cathode, which is going to do 60,000 plus and your base 
copper recycling. So how should we look at the EBITDA per ton in FY28 for 
this 28000 tons, blended EBITDA per ton... 
Ashish Bansal: 
In FY28, we will have the complete capacity of 36,000 metric tons of cathode 
by itself. So we should be able to do in excess of 30,000 tons of cathode by 
itself. And most of our recycling material that we generate, almost about 70% 
to 80% will be internally consumed into the cathode plant and only about 20% 
of which would be sold to the outside market. As of now, in the initial 
feasibility stage, we are guiding on the cathode side, approximately 60,000, 
65,000 per metric ton of the cathode and recycling in excess of 40,000. 
Utkarsh Somaiya: 
And what will be the recycling volumes? 
Ashish Bansal: 
As of now, we are having a volume of 12,000 tons. So definitely, that will be 
fully utilized. 
Utkarsh Somaiya: 
So even in FY28, we can assume 12,000 of copper recycling and around 30,000 
of cathode. 
Ashish Bansal: 
Yes. I mean, technically, the 12,000 should be higher by FY28. But as of now, 
till we don't install the capacity, I would not commit that the 12,000 would be 
higher. But copper cathode capacity will be 36,000, and we are saying that 
comfortably we'll be selling -- I mean, producing and selling over 30,000. So 
I'm only still taking a delta of 20% and speaking that we'll be at 30,000 tons 
and above. 
Utkarsh Somaiya: 
Understood. So sorry, I'm slightly confused. So today, our copper recycling 
capacity is 12,000, correct? And cathode is -- you don't have cathode yet. 
You're going to commission it in December. And in FY28, when your cathode, 
you do 30,000 volumes, what will be your volumes of your base business, 
which is 12,000 today? The capacity. It is not the volume, if you can give me. 
Ashish Bansal: 
So like I said, as of now, it's 12,000 unless we add more capacity, which we 
most likely might add. So until I add, I will not be able to commit, but we will 
definitely look into the kind of raw material available. And according to that, 
we will have our processing lines come into place. 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
Utkarsh Somaiya: 
And have you decided on your… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Utkarsh. May we request you to join the question? The 
next question is from the line of Hiren Desai, an Investor. 
Hiren Desai: 
The copper recycling that we have is 12,000. And by the end of complete 
expansion, we will have a cathode capacity of 36,000 tons. Now 60,000 to 
65,000 per ton EBITDA that we are talking about, will it be on 36,000 ton 
capacity? Or will it be on 36,000 tons of cathode plus 12,000 of recycling, 
adding up to 48,000 tons. So it will be on 48,000 tons or it will be on 36,000 
tons. 
Ashish Bansal: 
I think some time back, very precisely the same thing I explained, but 
nevertheless, I'll explain this once more. So basically, as I explained earlier to 
another gentleman who asked a similar question was that the blended margin 
guidance on the cathode will be approximately 60,000 to 65,000, but definitely 
that should go up once the efficiencies come in. And whatever we sell the 
recycled product directly without processing into the cathode plant will be 
above INR40,000 per ton. 
 
And 80% of our recycled material, which is approximately somewhere 8,000, 
9,000 tons, we will be utilizing into our cathode plant. And the balance about 
25,000 or 22,000, whatever we consume will be from other scrap that we will 
be importing. So when you take a blended of these two, it will be in the range 
of 60,000 to 65,000 and what is sold outside, that will be an addition of 40,000 
plus... 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aniket Gada, an Investor. 
Aniket Gada: 
Sir, I just wanted to ask a couple of questions. Firstly, our EBITDA per ton for 
the lead business has been the highest that's been reported and 45% of our lead 
business is the domestic market. Sir, has the implementation of EPR credits 
and battery waste management rules contributed in any way to improving 
realization, margins or customer preference? Or has there been a negligible 
impact in it? 
K. Kumaravel: 
No. But in the investor presentation, they mentioned this quarter, majority is 
imports. So costing of EPR credit on domestic purchase is very minimal for 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
this quarter. Probably in the second quarter, we look on it if the domestic 
procurement improves, then we can have the benefit of EPR in the second 
quarter. 
Aniket Gada: 
And sir, if that happens, what kind of an impact would have on the margins? 
K. Kumaravel: 
Margin that will be compensated through the prices.  
Ashish Bansal: 
Yes. So basically, when you buy a domestic raw material, people start factoring 
in the EPR pricing and all of that. And the raw material prices automatically 
get somewhere readjusted a little bit based on those factors. So the margin -- 
just basic idea of EPR, it just makes it more viable for you to procure 
domestically and process. And that's how it helps. 
 
Maybe there could be a few basis points here and there better margins, but it 
all depends on demand supply in terms of availability of material, the pricing 
and all of those. Currently, the domestic market pricing is higher even after 
looking at all the EPR benefits and everything. And hence, we did not really 
push for domestic procurement. And this quarter seems like a little bit the 
prices are better. So we have already started looking into the domestic 
procurement. 
Aniket Gada: 
Secondly, we had some EPR credits available for us, which we did not 
monetize. Have we monetized that? Or are we looking for? 
Ashish Bansal: 
Yes, we have not yet monetized that as well. We still have it in our credit. 
Aniket Gada: 
Copper cathode plant will be on the same unit where the current copper 
production is happening on a different site? 
Ashish Bansal: 
This will be a different site. It's a new site where the copper cathode plant is 
being installed. This is in Tamil Nadu. The current copper recycling plant is in 
Andhra Pradesh. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mit from Anvil. 
Mit: 
So my question was like for the current copper products, I wanted to know our 
end user industry. And post the copper cathode coming on stream, so will the 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
end user industry be the same? Or will it differ? Like currently for lead, it is 
predominantly autos. So I just wanted to understand for the copper product. 
Ashish Bansal: 
So currently, we supply to a lot of wire rod makers, basically the secondary 
wire rod makers and a few other household wire manufacturers and the higher 
grade of proper scrap supply to a few of the busbar and other product 
manufacturers. Once we have a cathode, the cathode can be supplied to the 
industries which require the highest purity and highest form could be your 
industrial cables to your high-end electrical applications to foils to your 
requirements for your PCB boards and all of those kind of uses where extreme 
pure critical purity is extremely critical. 
Mit: 
Okay. And sorry for repeating the question if it looks like. But I have a doubt 
like for the 36,000 tons, our 12,000 tons of scrap recycling will also be used. 
So the volume in FY28 will be like it will be 36,000 plus 12,000 or 36000 is 
inclusive of the 12,000 tons? 
K. Kumaravel: 
As has already explained. And again, I'm repeating you, for this 36,000 tons 
out of 12,000 tons, they are planning to use 8,000 tons for the captive 
consumption. Balance 4,000 tons is added to the 36,000 tons. So notionally, 
sales realization for 40,000 tons per annum, not 48,000 metric ton. 
Ashish Bansal: 
So basically, the blend could change a little bit plus or minus depending on 
how much of internal recycled material is going to be used for the cathode as 
extreme high-purity scrap might not be required to repurify and manufacture 
the cathode. So those could be sold off at a good value and price. So the lower 
grades will be utilized internally, the higher grades could be sold off externally. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nakul Gupta. 
Nakul Gupta: 
So I have basically a major question like what is the production output for the 
month of May to July? If you can quantify for each particular month, it will be 
great. 
Ashish Bansal: 
May to July or April to June? 
Nakul Gupta: 
April to June or April to July, if you want to give July numbers also. 

 
Pondy Oxides and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
Ashish Bansal: 
We have given the quarterly numbers. I don't think it will be possible right 
away. Maybe we can get back to you with each monthly exact numbers. 
Nakul Gupta: 
Actually, I want to get a point whether there is an upward trend of production 
or it is just stable around -- the numbers are stable as they are in the April 
month. So can you just help me out with this, the numbers are in upward trend 
or not? 
Ashish Bansal: 
So as what we call the supply issues, I mean, the shipping issues increased a 
little bit towards the month of May. And in the initial part of June, the 
production numbers were a little lower in May and June. And April month, the 
numbers were good and consistent on the higher side. So on an average blended 
side, the overall quarter, the number in terms of lead was a little lower. 
Nakul Gupta: 
Okay. So another question I wanted to ask is one of your competitor, market 
leader has a bit of 10% degrowth in lead volume. But when we see our is about 
25%. So what is the rationale that why we have degrown at a much faster pace 
as compared to the competitor? 
Ashish Bansal: 
I won't be able to specifically comment on the competitor. But regarding our 
reasons, we have already given you the reasons in terms of why the volumes 
were lower. 
Moderator: 
That was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing comments. Over to you. 
Ashish Bansal: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us today and for your continued interest in 
POCL. I would like to thank our Board of Directors for the guidance, our 
employees for our dedication, our customers for the continued trust and our 
investors for the unwavering confidence in the company. If you have any 
further questions, please feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations team 
at Go India Advisors, and we appreciate your participation and continued 
support. Thank you, and have a great day. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
