 
 
 
 
M&B Engineering Ltd. 
Registered Office: ‘MB House', 51, Chandroday Society, Stadium Road, Naranpura, Ahmedabad - 380 014, Gujarat, India  
CIN: L45200GJ1981PLC004437 I T: +91 79 2640 5563/ 2646 1314 | E: info@mbphenix.com / info@mbproflex.com 
Web.: www.mbel.in 
 
 
14th August, 2026 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400051 
 
 
Symbol: MBEL 
To  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Script Code: 544470 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Compliance under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015– Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the 
Quarter ended 30th June, 2026  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Conference Call for the Quarter 
ended 30th June, 2026 held on Monday, 10th August, 2026 at 4:00 P.M. (IST).  
 
The aforesaid information is also being hosted on the Company's website at https://www.mbel.in/investors 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for M & B ENGINEERING LIMITED 
 
 
 
PALAK DILIPBHAI PAREKH 
COMPANY SECRETARY &  
COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
(M. No. F10209) 
 
PALAK 
DILIPBHAI 
PAREKH
Digitally signed by 
PALAK DILIPBHAI 
PAREKH 
Date: 2026.08.14 
14:23:17 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“M&B Engineering Limited 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHIRAG PATEL – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. MALAV PATEL – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. SANJAY MAJMUDAR – DIRECTOR  
 
MR. KEYUR SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. KRISHNA PATEL – EY 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
M&B Engineering Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the M&B Engineering Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Krishna Patel from EY. Thank you and over to you 
ma'am. 
Krishna Patel: 
Thank you Avirath and good evening, everyone. Welcome you all to M&B Engineering 
Limited's Q1 \FY27 Earnings Conference Call. To take us through the results and to answer your 
questions, we have with us the management of M&B Engineering represented by Mr. Chirag 
Patel, the Joint Managing Director, Mr. Malav Patel, Joint Managing Director, Mr. Sanjay 
Majmudar, Director, and Mr. Keyur Shah, the Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that certain statements made during this call may 
constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on management's current 
expectations and are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied. 
 
Please also note that the audio recording and the transcript of this call are the property of the 
company and may not be copied, reproduced, rebroadcasted, redistributed in any form without 
the consent, prior consent of the company. With that, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. 
Malav Patel for his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Malav Patel: 
Thank you, Krishna. Good evening, everyone and welcome to M&B Engineering Limited's 
earning conference call to discuss our performance for the first quarter of FY27. Our financial 
results and investor presentation have already been filed with the Stock Exchanges and uploaded 
on the company's website as well. 
 
I trust you have had an opportunity to review the same. I will begin by covering the key business 
developments and operational highlights for the quarter, following which our CFO, Mr. Keyur 
Shah, will take you through the financial performance in detail. 
 
As most of you are aware, M&B operates through two divisions, Phenix which undertakes pre-
engineered buildings and heavy structural steel, and Proflex which specializes in self-supported 
steel roofing. I am pleased to share that both divisions continue to demonstrate strong and 
sustainable growth potential. 
 
This momentum is reflected in our Q1 performance, with consolidated revenue from operations 
growing by approximately 23% year on year. Our order book also remained robust across two 
divisions. Order on hand stood at INR1,053 crores at the end of Q1FY27, representing 
approximately 25% year on year growth. 
 
Proflex contributed INR216 crores or 21%, while Phenix accounted for INR837 crores or 79% 
of the total order book. Within the Phenix order book, export orders outstanding stood at INR278 
crores, which is scheduled for execution during the current fiscal year. This export order book 

 
 
M&B Engineering Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
includes the large order that we announced in October of 2025. All necessary approvals for this 
order have been received in Q1 of FY27, which shall enable us to deliver the same in totality 
over the next three quarters. 
 
To add, we have already dispatched about 28% of this order till date. We continue to witness 
healthy inquiry levels and a strong pipeline of opportunities across both domestic and 
international markets. We remain confident of converting several of these opportunities during 
the year. The strength of our order book reflects the growing adoption of pre-engineered 
buildings and the continuing shift from conventional construction methods towards faster, more 
efficient steel-based solutions. 
 
Our Sanand facility is currently operating at optimal utilization levels. As announced earlier, the 
brownfield expansion of this facility involving an additional capacity of 20,000 tons per annum 
is at an advanced stage of implementation and is expected to be commissioned in October 2026. 
 
This expansion will increase Sanand's PEB capacity from the current 72,000 tons per annum to 
92,000 tons per annum. We expect to begin realizing the benefits of this additional capacity 
during Q3 and Q4 of this current financial year.  
                                                I am also pleased to announce that the board has approved an additional capacity expansion in 
the heavy structural steel segment at our Sanand plant. 
 
India's data center expansion is creating a USD12 to USD14 billion addressable opportunity for 
steel intensive construction over the next five years, supported by approximately USD60 to 
USD70 billion of announced investments in our nation. 
 
A similar opportunity is emerging in high-rise construction, where developers are increasingly 
adopting steel to accelerate project timelines without compromising structural strength, safety, 
or scalability. These projects require a hybrid construction approach that combines pre-
engineered building systems with heavy structural steel. This combination brings together speed 
of execution, high load-bearing capacity, design flexibility, and the ability to support future 
expansion. 
 
Our dual capability in PEB and heavy structural steel enables M&B to provide comprehensive 
end-to-end steel construction solutions. It further strengthens our positioning across data centers, 
high-rise buildings, and other complex heavy structural applications. 
 
To capitalize on this structural shift, M&B is investing INR30 crores in a fully automated heavy 
structural steel processing line at the Sanand facility. The new line will add another 10,000 tons 
to our existing heavy structural capacity of 12,000 tons. It is expected to become operational by 
Q1 of FY28. 
 
This investment will significantly enhance our ability to deliver complex steel structures with 
greater speed, precision, quality, and consistency. As demand for this application gathers 
momentum, the company will continue to evaluate and undertake incremental investments to 
remain ahead of the market. 

 
 
M&B Engineering Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
Another important milestone during the period was the receipt of AISC certification for our 
South India plant which is located in Cheyyar. With this achievement, both our PEB 
manufacturing facilities are now AISC certified. 
 
The certification will enable us to commence exports to the West Coast of the United States 
from the Cheyyar facility through the Pacific route, with shipments expected to begin from the 
next financial year. Capacity utilization at Cheyyar is steadily improving. We are targeting 
overall utilization of approximately 60% during the current fiscal. 
 
We will also commence implementation of the brownfield expansion at Cheyyar during the 
current fiscal year with completion planned for Q3 of FY28. This expansion will add another 
20,000 tons per annum of capacity and increase our total PEB and structural steel capacity to 
approximately 1,54,000 tons per annum effective Q3 of FY28. 
 
During Q1 of FY27, we incurred capital expenditure of approximately INR27 crores. The 
expenditure was primarily directed towards the expansion of Phenix Sanand facility, the 
commissioning of two mobile manufacturing units in Proflex division, and the development of 
a 2.5 megawatt ground mounted solar power plant in Gujarat for captive consumption. 
 
With the addition of the mobile manufacturing units, Proflex's installed capacity has now 
increased to 21 lakh square meters per annum. This expansion will further strengthen our 
leadership position in the Proflex division and enable us to capitalize on the significant growth 
opportunities emerging across the SME, railways, and agri-warehousing segments. 
 
Let me now briefly discuss the performance of our two business divisions. During Q1 of FY27, 
M&B reported revenue from operations of INR291 crores. Proflex contributed INR77 crores, 
representing 26% of the total revenue and registering a year-on-year growth of 25%. 
 
Phenix contributed 214 crores, accounting for 74% of revenue and growing 22% year-on-year. 
From a geographic perspective, domestic revenue stood at INR263 crores, contributing to 90% 
of the total revenue. Export revenue increased to INR28 crores, representing 10% of the overall 
revenue. 
 
During the quarter, continued geopolitical tensions and uncertainty surrounding the West Asia 
situation led to a sharp increase in freight costs from India to the US, along with higher inland 
transportation costs in the US. As a result, other expenses increased by approximately 3% during 
the quarter, putting some pressure on our margins. 
 
Looking ahead, we expect to benefit from the reduction of the US Section 232 sectoral duties 
from 50% to 25%. In addition, the anticipated increase in export revenue over the coming 
quarters should support a gradual improvement in margins, which we expect to become more 
visible during the second half of the current fiscal year. 
 
The commissioning of the additional Sanand capacity will provide further support to our 
operating performance during H2 of FY27. From a growth perspective, we remain confident of 
delivering a revenue growth of over 25% in FY27. Our current inquiry pipeline stands robust in 

 
 
M&B Engineering Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Phenix as well as Proflex. Approximately INR4,000 crores in Phenix and about INR200 crores 
in Proflex, one of the strongest we have seen. 
 
It gives us clear visibility into sustained order booking momentum in the coming months and 
reinforces our confidence in delivering on the 25% plus growth guidance given for the year. 
While our objective is to improve margins on a full year basis, given the continuing uncertainty 
on the cost front rising from the West Asia crisis, we would prefer to wait for at least one more 
quarter before providing specific margin guidance for the year. 
 
I would also like to share that based on our internal medium-term business plan, we are confident 
of achieving over 20% CAGR over the next three to four years, along with a progressive 
improvement in profitability. 
To conclude, M&B remains firmly focused on disciplined execution, operational excellence, 
and delivering high quality, technology-enabled steel construction solutions to our customers. 
With a strong order book, a healthy project pipeline, ongoing capacity additions, expanding 
export opportunities, and rising demand for steel-based construction, we are well positioned to 
sustain our growth momentum in the near term and strengthen our position over the medium 
term.  
With that, I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Keyur Shah, who will take 
you through the financial performance in greater detail. Over to you, Keyur. 
Keyur Shah: 
Thank you, Malav bhai, and good evening, everyone. A warm welcome to Q1FY27 earning 
conference call of M&B Engineering Limited. I shall summarize the consolidated financial 
highlights for the quarter ended 30th June 2026.  
Revenue from operation stood at INR291 crores, showing 22.5% growth compared to INR238 
crores in Q1 FY26, due to strong execution of healthy order book across both Phenix and Proflex 
divisions. We reported EBITDA  at INR36 crores and operating EBITDA stood at INR33 crores, 
operating EBITDA margin being 11.4%. Profit after taxes INR22 crores, 22% growth compared 
to INR18 crores in Q1 FY26. 
Export revenue came in at INR28 crores, representing a significant y-o-y growth. Out of the net 
IPO proceeds of INR259.32 crores, INR146.69 crores have been utilized so far, that is 57% of 
the funds have been utilized as on 30th June 2026. During the quarter, INR8.88 crores was 
utilized out of the IPO proceeds. That concludes with my update on financial highlights of the 
company. I shall now request the moderator to open the floor for question-and-answer session. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Saumil Mehta from Kotak Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Saumil Mehta: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, two questions on my side. The order inflow for the quarter 
looks a bit weak at about INR260 crores.  I believe the pricing has also gone up, so how should 
one look at the order inflow given our earlier guidance of doing about INR100 crores a month?  

 
 
M&B Engineering Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
And second question in terms of the other expenses, while you highlighted freight was a major 
contributor of other expenses going up, while near-term environment obviously looks a bit 
uncertain, but structurally how should we look at freight cost going into second half of this year 
and maybe early FY28? 
Malav Patel: 
About the order intake, see year on year we have seen an increase by 25% in the order intake. in 
Q1. So looking at the pipeline that we have, there are certain large inquiries on hand which have 
taken a longer time to turn around, right?  
Because the larger the order, the more time it takes in design freezing, the customer and the 
consultants giving clarity on the requirements of the project. So those inquiries which we have 
currently on hand, they have just rubber banded. We are expecting the same inquiries to be 
converted into in quarter two. Hence, not concerned at all about that marginal decrease what you 
are pointing out in the order intake as far as Q1 goes. 
 I think going forward with that INR4,000 crores of inquiry pipeline, we are quite confident that 
it will support our fiscal's guidance that we have given and with the export also, right, what 
project we have under execution as we speak, that shall further support the FY top line guideline 
that we have given to you already.  
Keyur Shah: 
Sir, as you rightly pointed out, freight cost has currently increased by about say 3%, considering 
along with custom duty and all. So during the current situation, there is very difficult position to 
talk about freight position, looking  at the overall geopolitical situation. But we hope that the 
position should improve soon and it should, bring back the freight cost to normal. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
A quick calculation, freight costs right now are at the sky high. It is almost, I would say, in the 
range of at least 2x than what it was normal. And we're talking of USD10,000 to USD12,000 
per container. What we did, for the balance INR278 crores, at the current freight costs, assuming 
that nothing goes down, we still calculated that that should still give you around 15% EBITDA 
margins.  
Now, in a good situation, it could be 16%- 17%, in the worst situation, it is 15%. We don't think 
this freight is sustainable You know, you must be reading today also, it was reported in papers 
that transshipment and getting containers, there are a lot of problems. With all this, in the worst-
case scenario, we still think that we can deliver 15%. 
But, let us wait and watch. As Malav said,  we have another INR4,000 crores of domestic 
inquiries, plus export inquiries are also good. I think we should be able to show better 
performance going forward. But very honestly, in this scenario, freight is a headache, but let us 
see. Even then we are quite comfortable with this margin. This is what our calculation shows as 
of today. 
Saumil Mehta: 
Just 15%, sorry to clarify it's for the export orders, right? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Yes, It could have been 16%-17%, but this is what it is at today's freight cost, which is the peak. 

 
 
M&B Engineering Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Saumil Mehta: 
So fair to assume that a Delta earlier which used to be at least 800 bps to 900 bps has 
meaningfully come down and barely at about 200, 300 bps over the domestic orders. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
So, we had earlier talked about 16% to 17% and the domestic was in the range of about 11%. So 
today the delta is about 4% and a little higher, 5% at the current freight cost. 
Saumil Mehta: 
Okay. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
The second point I want to stress, as compared to Q1 exports of INR28 crores, the balance orders 
are at a decent margin, partly we are benefited by this reduction in import duty to 25%.  
Chirag Patel: 
See now the tariff under 232 sections have now been reduced from 50% to 25%, but overall 
freight has increased, so margin will hit to a much lesser extent which we had earlier guided to 
17% to 18%, what Keyur had mentioned that it has impacted by 2% to 3%. 
Saumil Mehta: 
Okay. And sir my last question, you mentioned about obviously the orders coming from the 
larger data center opportunities. A ballpark, what could be the target addressable market 
assuming for a INR5,000 crores or a INR10,000 crores for a data center, what would be the 
target for us in terms of what would be the TAM for our products which we have to supply?  
Chirag Patel 
I would say for a INR1,000 crores of investment in a data center, about 8% to 10% will go as 
probably as steel construction, because there is also a lot of civil work and MEP construction 
also happening. But we only are will be related to the steel construction. So you can take about 
8% to 10%. 
Saumil Mehta: 
Sure. Sure, Chirag bhai. Thank you so much and all the best for subsequent quarters. 
Chirag Patel: 
Thank you, Saumil. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavya Dedhia Kriis PMS. Please go ahead. 
Bhavya Dedhia: 
Sir my question was that this quarter we did INR28 crores in exports. How much is the export 
volume and what is the export EBITDA and PAT margin in the export business? 
Malav Patel: 
INR28 crores was basically 1,400 metric tons which we exported, which we dispatched in 
quarter one. 
Bhavya Dedhia: 
Okay. And what would be the EBITDA margin in this? 
Sanjay Majmudar:  
See, it will be difficult to exactly work out the EBITDA margin for this particular quarter for the 
simple reason that there is a lot of dispatches which are in pipeline. But as I mentioned to the 
previous question's answer, overall, at the current costing and pricing, we were talking of about 
15% sustainable export margin. 
Bhavya Dedhia: 
Understood sir. And my second question is that in Phenix our sales realization per metric ton 
has declined to INR1.25 lakh per metric ton. What is the reason for the same? 

 
 
M&B Engineering Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Keyur Shah: 
In Phenix, sir, you have calculated INR1.25 lakh per ton on a basis of blended things. Domestic 
plus export, right? 
Bhavya Dedhia: 
Right. 
Keyur Shah: 
So, it has improved from INR1.19 lakhs of YoY to INR1.25 this year.  
Bhavya Dedhia: 
But Sir quarter-on-quarter it's a dip from INR1.38 lakh to INR1.25 lakh, right? 
Keyur Shah: 
Export contribution is less than 10%, about 10% only in this. The moment export percentage 
increases this per ton will increase,  
Chirag Patel:                        And additionally, see many projects will have higher specifications and higher bought out 
materials that might have gone in the project. So it is, it is difficult to have a comparison exactly 
on per ton basis, because it will always depend on project to project.  
If we have a lot of buyouts like door, windows, additional insulation material for exports, or and 
locally also.  overall, it will differ from quarter to quarter, as well as what Keyur also said about 
exports as well. So this number will, is because of that and not due to any price deduction in the 
overall order.  
Chirag Patel: 
 
So on a full year basis, it will be easily comparable, 100%. 
Bhavya Dedhia: 
Okay, understood, yes. Thank you, thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we take the next question, we would like to remind participants that you may 
press star and one to ask a question. The next question is from the line of Kanishk Gupta from 
SS Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Kanishk Gupta: 
Hello sir, very good afternoon. I wanted to know that you have indicated that the company's hit 
rate is currently in the 12% to 15% range, whereas some of the key competitors appear to be 
closer to 20%. So could you help us understand how you are thinking about closing this gap and 
more importantly, what actions are being taken to structurally improve the hit rate over the next 
few years? 
Malav Patel: 
As a policy see we also want to maintain a certain bottom line. So company's approach to the 
overall order booking and the overall, I would say long term strategy would definitely play a big 
role behind how much of an order conversion from inquiry that they would be wanting in the 
coming time.  
So our last five years record if you see, the conversion rate as we have already, as you very well 
know, has remained between 12% and 15%, which helps us securing the minimum margins or 
the bottom line project wise that we are aiming at, right? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Just to add to what Malav said another aspect is also that frankly as on today our Sanand plant 
is running near full capacity. 75% to 80%. There is no extra room available to take up more 
projects. Cheyyar is region specific, we are now reaching probably 60% this year, it can go up 
to 70-75%, but I can't service from Cheyyar the additional demand that I get here.  

 
 
M&B Engineering Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
So, we are augmenting capacities of 20,000 tons in Sanand this year which will be available in 
Q3 and we will start becoming a little more aggressive in order booking according to the capacity 
available because you know you don't want to take orders and then not be able to relate in 
execution and have LDs and other stuff. 
Similarly, Cheyyar next year will be adding capacities. In fact, in the previous calls, we have 
announced our team is currently exploring the location, site location for a third facility 
somewhere coming up in North. That project we want to become, as and when we finalize the 
location, we will be making announcements.  
But we are a regional player in the sense that each plant has a distance limitation of 1000 to 1200 
kilometers which can be serviced economically and viably. This is how PEB industry operates 
and we will be doing the needful. 
At the same time, exports are definitely more profitable for us. Even in the worst scenario, 
otherwise 17% to18%. We believe the EBITDA levels to go back once the freight scenario 
normalizes. It's a bit early for us to say anything today because you know we are all working in 
that uncertainty space but it is still definitely more profitable. So, we are very conscious about 
it and we are working very aggressively on that front. 
Kanishk Gupta: 
Sir what specifically needs to change to bring it closer to the 20% level seen among the peers 
and well the orders also align with your interest as well? 
Malav Patel: 
To align with our interest as well as the business philosophy, , we want to give equal importance 
or criticality to my top line as well as my bottom line. We would not want to chase orders which 
is not going to support the bottom line based on the company's strategy and the long-term 
outlook?  
So, I will not run after orders just to make my hit rate 20% by letting go of my margins. So, I 
am not sure whether we will be bridging that gap or looking forward to bridging that gap, I 
would focus on my top line guidance that I have given but at the same time supported by a fairly 
better bottom line than my peers. 
Chirag Patel: 
And we also will be reaching to our optimum levels for Sanand. In fact, we have reached, but 
with the additional capacity also we are, because it is a brownfield, reaching the optimum 
capacity will be much easier in Sanand and that will happen in FY28. Cheyyar we are already 
reaching 60% this year. So see, in our operations... 
 
And also I would like to make one point adding to Sanjay bhai is that see when you take an order 
the execution timeline varies In any order, the deliverables must be delivered within in the range 
of five to seven months  
Sanjay Majmudar:  
And if my if my plant is fully loaded, I am unable  to take further inquiries which are needed as 
per customers requirement of their deadlines. So it is a fair balance on how much inquiry we 
generate and what is the hit rate that we want to pursue and as Malav said, looking to our margin 
plan, we will be doing in the same range. 

 
 
M&B Engineering Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Kanishk Gupta: 
And sir within the existing customer base, what would our current hit rate be? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
We have 60% to 70% repeat customers. At least 60%. And there we are consistently getting 
repeat orders every year. See you have been mentioning about the peers, please understand, I 
need capacity first, right? we are creating capacities, if peers have larger capacities available and 
they want to fill up, it's a matter of that strategy. We do business as per our strategy. We don't 
only look at peers. 
Kanishk Gupta: 
Sir that's definitely a point you made, but in a highly competitive industry it's also necessary for 
us to focus on getting orders so that would help us grow in line with the peers. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Sir, please understand, I need capacity. I am completely chock-a-block full. I don't have enough 
capacity till I clear and create it somewhere in September-October which is going on in 
Brownfield. If my capacity increases by 20,000 tons, I will definitely. So last year I did 72,000 
tons in PEB. This year my target is 85,000 to 90,000. That is the maximum I can do with the 
current capacity. I have no problem in getting orders.  
But if I get orders and I can't deliver, I don't want to pay LDs. If our peers have a capacity of 2 
lakh tons, they will naturally be able to take more orders. 
Chirag Patel:   
   
 And it is, see, 20% is based on what you have generated in your inquiry. If I generate lesser, if 
 
I tell my sales and marketing to generate less and reach 20%, they will reach 20%. It is a question 
 
of the balance. Yes, numerator and denominator both.  
Kanishk Gupta: 
So, sir this will generally go up as we increase our capacity. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Yes, 100%. 
Malav Patel: 
But at the same time, I am repeating myself that it will not come at the cost of my bottom line 
or my margin targets,  Meaning both have to go hand in hand, even after my capacity expansion, 
I will be very very cautious when it comes to order intake just to increase my hit rate, I will not 
be taking any orderst? It has to serve the long-term company's goal. That is our endeavour. 
Kanishk Gupta: 
Definitely sir that's point noted. And my also I would like to ask what would be the company's 
current market share in the organized domestic PEB industry and when does the company expect 
to achieve a double-digit market share through the capacity expansion that's ongoing? 
Malav Patel: 
See we are already at about 10% to 12% market share?.  It is already, it is already in double 
digits. So going forward when I add my capacity, obviously that is going to add to my market 
share. So, 20,000 we are adding this year, which will come into effect in the last two quarters of 
the current fiscal.  
I am adding 10,000 tons for my structural steel which will help me get into the data center and 
high-rise which will come into the Q1 of 2028, and my South India facility will be expanded by 
third quarter of 2028. So as and when this these capacities come into play, we will ensure that 
our market share increases from 12% to 15% and thereon. And with that our capacity will reach 
to about 155,000 tons in Q3 of 2028 from current 104,000 tons. 

 
 
M&B Engineering Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Kanishk Gupta: 
And sir our EBITDA margins being our top most priority, what would be the full year guidance 
for FY27? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
See currently we have, we are in the range of 11% to 11.5% operating margin, EBITDA 
operating EBITDA. Malav has clearly indicated that with increasing sales and exports, 25% top 
line guidance means we are talking of about INR1,600 crores top line in the current fiscal.  
 
We want to improve it, however given the extremely volatile situation on the cost front, we have 
not given any specific guidance but we will give a specific guidance in the next quarter, but be 
clear the target is to improve over what we have achieved today. 
Kanishk Gupta: 
Okay sir I'll follow up the same in the next quarter. Thank you very much and all the very best 
for the future. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Thank you, Kanishk. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aniket Madhwani from Steptrade Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Aniket Madhwani: 
Sir previously you mentioned the expansion at your Cheyyar plant for 20,000 metric tons 
capacity will be operational by Q1 or Q2 of FY28 and now you have mentioned that it will be 
planning to get the facility by Q3 of this quarter. 
Malav Patel: 
No it's always been Q3 of '28 that the Cheyyar expanded capacity will come into play. It will 
become available in Q3 of 2028, this we are talking about the expansion in South India plant. 
So I will get an effective operating period of two quarters which is Q3 and Q4 of next fiscal. 
 
In South India, yes. And in this fiscal, the last two quarters from the Sanand expanded capacity. 
Aniket Madhwani: 
So Q3 and Q4 will be expected by Q3 and Q4 this year from Sanand facility? 
Malav Patel: 
Yes. 
Aniket Madhwani: 
And what is the current EBITDA level margins for domestic and export business? 
Malav Patel: 
We discussed generally the blended ones, I have already indicated that exports generally in a 
normal situation with 25% tariff it would be 16% to 18%, however in the current extremely high 
freight scenario it is slightly less in the range of 15% to 16%. Domestic is around 11%. That is 
how we have broadly generally working on. 
Aniket Madhwani: 
And going forward for this financial year you are expecting the same level of margins? 
Malav Patel: 
At this point in time yes, but our endeavor is to improve it. Let us see for one more quarter. 
 
With the increasing volume we are targeting to improve it, but worst case scenario yes, it will 
remain at the current levels. If you consider today's number. 
Aniket Madhwani: 
Considering the capacity getting increased in Q3, so the margins should improve I guess? 

 
 
M&B Engineering Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Malav Patel: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aasim from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Aasim: 
Yes, hi, good evening. So we have done about 1,400 metric tons of PEB exports in Q1. How 
much would that number be in the base quarter? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Aasim what do you mean by base quarter? 
Aasim: 
Q1 FY26 I just want to know is I am assuming to be negligible but in Q1 FY26 how much would 
it be? 
Malav Patel 
It was INR3 crores. In Q1 of '26, it was about INR3 crores. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
In the remaining three quarters we should have more than 8,000 tons in the remaining three 
quarters of the current fiscal. 
Aasim: 
8,000 metric ton in the previous year balance nine months right? 
Sanjay Majmudar 
Balance nine months more than 8,000 tons. 
Aasim: 
Okay then in that case then domestic PEB volume growth would be about 7 odd percent in Q1 
of this quarter. That is approximately how much your domestic PEB revenue has also grown. So 
net realization is flat despite steel prices being higher this time around. Rather why would net 
realization be flat this time? Is it mix? I actually just can you explain why volume growth is 7% 
and realization would be flat in the domestic PEB segment? 
Keyur Shah: 
Sir domestic tonnage has increased by 6.6% approximately and revenue has increased by 7.5% 
to 7.6%, so there is a 1% gap in that also, revenue has increased. And on raw material front say 
raw material we could save half a percent in raw material cost compared to YoY  basis. This 
why, this is the reason you are not seeing spike in the revenue realization. But it has improved 
6.6% in tonnage and 7.6% in value. 
Aasim: 
When you said you have saved raw material cost are you have you billed like older lower cost 
raw material, that's why on a Y-on-Y basis realization has not gone up? 
KEyur Shah 
Sir as we earlier said see PEB consists of say primary, secondary, sheeting,. So if you see only 
a one quarter then that gets not averaged out because see once you are sending primary more 
your realization rate tend to be lower. If you are sending sheeting more, your realization rate 
tends to be higher. 
Chirag Patel: 
And Aasim secondly this whatever orders that are remining executed here were all booked in 
Q1 where the raw material pricing were quite stable. The war scenario happened in the month 
of March. So current execution is happening for the orders booked in Q1 majorly. 
Malav Patel: 
Last year. 
Chirag Patel 
Q4 of last year  

 
 
M&B Engineering Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
The point is the spike will be seen in the subsequent quarters. Yes. Because we will book fresh 
orders at higher price. 
Aasim: 
Understood got it. Okay that was all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vishnu Agarwal from PD Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Vishnu Agarwal: 
First of all, congratulations on a great set of numbers sir. I know these are very tough times and 
during a tough time, if you could provide great numbers, a big thank you to the entire team there. 
I have two questions sir. One question is related to the operating cash flow. We understand 
actually in FY26 we had to reclassify some of the IPO related fixed deposit, out of the operating 
activity to get proper operating cash flow number. How it is looking right now in FY27 Q1 sir? 
Keyur Shah 
So regarding operating cash flow we are very comfortable currently and as earlier also, and we 
are in a position to have cash purchases also, which is only possible when there is sufficient cash 
flow coming in. 
Malav Patel: 
So the operating cash flow is positive in Q1. 
Vishnu Agarwal: 
Positive and very good. All right sir thank you. That is my first question, second question is 
related to sir, I know you are hesitant to give the EBITDA margin because there is so much of 
uncertainty related to the war and you have no idea about the phrase. But any kind of a range 
actually you can give, if not exact number, I mean like are we looking at anything between 11% 
to 13%, what kind of a range are you looking at sir, for the entire year? 
Sanjay Majmudar 
Vishnu, as we said our endeavor is to improve. Again significant high exports are expected. 
Exports, in the worst scenario also there is a margin spread of around 4% between the domestic 
margins and the export margins. 
We should definitely expect some improvement but believe me our endeavor will be to improve 
but today we have made it very clear that we want to wait for one more quarter to see how things 
stabilize, we do not want to throw a number and then not achieve it. But definitely we expect 
improvement it could be a decent range but let us not jump to any number at this point in time. 
Vishnu Agarwal: 
And sir now demand is coming for new orders, where it is coming from? I mean like which 
sector it is actually most of the demand near to medium term coming from sir? 
Chirag Patel: 
Currently we are serving the inquiries we have from automobiles sector. We have good robust 
inquiry for high rise building as well. From logistics and warehousing. defence and aviation we 
are also getting from data centers, as Malav earlier said that we are working on a few data centers. 
And obviously renewable energy is also contributing to a great numbers in the inquiry that we 
currently have. 
In ProFlex we have robust inquiries from railways and agri warehousing along with lot of SME 
manufacturing units. 
Vishnu Agarwal: 
Sir, my last question, it is on a lighter note. We saw, sir, in June, you made some promoter 
holdings at 275, 310 level, sir. Are you looking at increasing your promoter holdings, sir? 

 
 
M&B Engineering Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Sanjay Majmudar 
We will see. I can't speak on top of that. No. 
Vishnu Agarwal: 
That was on a lighter note. So thank you so much sir, thank you. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Thank you, Vishnu. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Nirav Bhanushali from Systematix Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Vijay Sarda: 
Hello. Hi Malav ji this is Vijay Sarda here from Systematix. Sir just two question. One is 
basically if I look at the company over last four five years, we have seen the robust growth in 
turnover as well as bottom line, margin has reached peak whatever 18.5% but then at that point 
of time you said that is not sustainable we will be around mid-teen to higher double digit. 
Wherever we are seeing last few quarter the margin is going down as well as our growth has 
been affected. 
So growth has not been affected for us as well but for the industry as a whole. So how you see 
the scenario unfolding because when we see the growth again you are quite positive on the 
growth trajectory to be at 25% but I just wanted to understand what has gone wrong in last four 
five quarter, precisely for us as well as for the industry? 
And just wanted to understand if the steel price go down, okay what kind of volume growth we 
are looking at because eventually the growth was function of both volume as well as the steel 
price moving up. Now we are seen steel price at low so if steel price move up is that August well 
for us because we do take fixed price contract. 
So I think we thought that the positivity of that should get flowed into your number this quarter 
but it has not, in fact your other expense has gone up quite substantially in last two quarters, so 
I would like to understand also the other expense mix, one thing I think you spell out higher 
freight cost. 
But apart from that what is going wrong because if we do understand correctly on the falling 
raw material price scenario since you have taken order on fixed cost basis, usually your margin 
should have increased rather than it has decreased. So if you can just spell out this thing. Thank 
you very much. 
Sanjay Majmudar 
So I think your question I would break into three parts. One apprehension whether anything is 
wrong from a demand side in the industry, we do not think so. Let's be honest in both our 
divisions ProFlex as well as PEB we are chock-a-block in terms of the capacity utilizations and 
we are having that luxury of being slightly selective in picking and choosing up orders for PEB 
because we do not want to take order and then falter on delivery, that is point number one. 
Point number two the costs have gone completely haywire. See we all in the industry, we work 
with a fixed price and fixed contract price scenario. So if you look at last year in Q4 the raw 
material costs went up by about 15% to 20% in general, steel. Now you could not pass through 
so whatever where the old orders had to be executed at fixed prices, it impacted the margins. 

 
 
M&B Engineering Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Similar trend in Q1, prices appeared to soften a little bit. Again, they have hardened. So, what 
we are doing, the new orders that PEB is taking, we are trying to take at a higher price to factor 
the cost increase in the domestic scenario. Demand continues to remain extremely robust. There 
is no problem anywhere. 
The issue is after war because of inflation general price rises have gone across all sectors. So 
you would have seen the margins coming down in domestic market by 1% to 2%. This is the 
scenario, demand side no issue.. Now on the export front, I still maintain we are perhaps the 
only Indian company even currently doing systematic and significant exports in North American 
markets. 
When we were out for the IPO and post IPO scenario there was a huge difference my peak 
margins in international markets were as high as 24%, 25% EBITDA in the North American 
market. At that time the freight was USD1400 there was no duty per container. 
Today with a USD12,000 for 40 feet container and even USD13000, pass through is not 
happening fully, plus there is a 50% duty which was imposed for major part of last year. Now it 
has come down to 25%, so all earlier contracts that I had taken were at again fixed price so we 
had to renegotiate, how much duty you can pass and how much you can't? 
After all this, we are still at 15% to 16% EBITDA. We have still USD500, USD400, USD500 
arbitrage between our pricing in U.S., and the domestic pricing. So it is still much higher than 
what you are seeing today, I do not think war will continue forever, we do not think the freight 
can sustain at these prices forever. 
Having said that, in today's scenario we are still very strong growth on domestic as well as export 
business. But from a demand standpoint I do not think there's any difficulty, even we remain 
very bullish in India as well as overseas. Times are tough, let us see. We should go back to a 
reasonable level hopefully very soon. 
Vijay Sarda: 
Sir just one thing so if the price rise of steel from here. So basically if you can just touch base 
on how your order book cycle works, so average gestation of your order is around 4 to 6 months 
right, from 6 months to 7 months. So when you take an order how you go about booking or 
hedging the raw material? 
And secondly just wanted to understand if raw material price grow, do you have any unhedged 
whereby you can get benefited like the price go down you get the, is there any scenario where 
we can sense some positivity coming in the price move up? 
Chirag Patel:: 
Correct. So as a philosophy of the company and the SOP what we do is we book anywhere 
between 80% to 85% of our raw material at the time of booking of the order which is a standard 
material, right. About 15% to 20% will differ from building to building depend on the design. 
But we get an heads up from our large mills on the price movement that is going to happen in 
two months that is going to come from the large primary mills in India will give us a heads up 
on how the price movement they are expecting to have, which we build in at the time of my 
order booking. 

 
 
M&B Engineering Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
So about 15% to 20% would be open on both side for variation, otherwise almost 80% is fixed 
thereby keeping my margins intact on whatever that we had anticipated at the time of order 
booking rather than keeping it open for variations, it may go up, it may go down, but then it 
would be too much of uncertainties. 
Vijay Sarda: 
So, just one more thing on this basically margin trajectory. So, do we sense this margin trajectory 
above double digit will be maintained? Basically, what we are seeing is continuous drop. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
100%. Sir, we are talking of improving from 11% to 11.5%. There's no question. Blended 
margin, I am talking, okay? 
Vijay Sarda: 
And, sir, just last thing on the order book. So, we have seen order book strong pipeline that is 
there for INR4,000 odd crores that you talked about. So how much is the basically winning rate 
usually we do have for the orders that we book? 
Chirag Patel: 
See, it ranges between 10% to 12%. It can go up to 12% to 15% also depending on the kind of 
order. Our customer base is large corporates. The inquiry levels are also on a much larger size. 
So, it takes a much higher time for engineering for the customers to give us the feedback on our 
drawings that we have submitted, our design that we have submitted. So the inquiries are there, 
but many times it rubber bands to the next quarter for finalization. 
So, otherwise, there is robust inflow of inquiries across all the sectors in all the zones that we 
are operating in. 
Vijay Sarda 
Great, sir. Thank you very much and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Aniket Madhwani from Steptrade Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
So if you could just give me the numbers in terms of percentage or values for the increment in 
the price of freight charges and as well as the steel prices since this March? 
Malav Patel: 
Freight would have gone up... 
Chirag Patel: 
No, no international 
Chirag Patel: 
2 to 2.5 times. 
Aniket Madhwani: 
Okay. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
For export. 
Aniket Madhwani: 
And for the steel? 
Chirag Patel: 
For steel, probably about 10% to 12%. 
Sanjay Majmud 
We are talking of position March versus today. Okay. 
Malav Patel: 
In Q1. 

 
 
M&B Engineering Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Aniket Madhwani: 
Yes. Since March. And for the domestic freight charges? 
Chirag Patel: 
Domestic freight charges would have increased by 2% to 3%, 5% maximum. Because of the 
increase in diesel prices and 5% maybe. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vikas Rohira from PD Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Vikas Rohira: 
Sir first of all congratulations on the great set of numbers. Sir, I am seeing in the call that 
everyone is concerned about the margins. Sir, this normal question is that right now our export 
order is around INR200 crores right? More than INR200 crores? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
INR278 crores. Yes, INR280 crores. 
Vikas Rohira: 
Which we have to do in this year only right, in FY27? 
Malav Patel: 
Yes. Bulk of it meaning majority of it is going to be closed in this fiscal. 
Vikas Rohira: 
Sir, you just said that even after the skyrocket rate, you will deliver 15% margin. So, overall, if 
we look at it, in FY27, our margin will definitely improve. And if the situation is normal, then.. 
Malav Patel: 
We cannot put our finger on exactly what it will increase to but with the order that we have for 
exports as well as the volume growth that we are projecting in the last two quarters of this fiscal 
coming from our added capacity, of course we are certain that it will be better than where we 
stand today. 
But because of the uncertainties in the costs we are not in a position or what we would refrain 
to give a particular range or a number for the long term meaning overall guidance for the current 
fiscal. 
Malav Patel: 
At least for one more quarter. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
At least for one more quarter, in the third quarter we will have more clarity. 
 
You see what's happening. Every day, there is a new announcement. Every day, something 
changes. Every day, it's a speculation Everyday the U.S. government Iran they keep on changing 
their stance. So the problem is costs are not under our control fully. Otherwise of course there 
are every strong possibilities that margin has to improve but let us see. Let us get some stability. 
Then we will tell you 100%. 
Vikas Rohira: 
Okay sir, I know it's a tough time sir. Again I will say all the best for the future sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirav Bhanushali from Systematix Group. 
Please go ahead. Mr. Bhanushali your line has been unmuted please go ahead with the question. 
Nirav Bhanushali: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. So my question was regarding the order book, what kind of exit 
order book we are looking for this quarter as well as for FY27? 

 
 
M&B Engineering Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Sanjay Majmudar 
No so in the past we have said our run rate of about INR100 crores of PEB per month we are 
fairly confident of maintaining. 
Sanjay Majmud 
New order intake? 
Chirag Patel: 
Yes. 
Chirag Patel:: 
But as I said, we are working on few very large inquiries and it might rubber band because the 
customer, the engineering takes a lot of time to get it finalized, so based on that it will always 
depend on how but the order inquiry is there and month on month we are generating new 
inquiries. So there is no issue on the inquiries that are there in the market. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
And believe me, as we said, there is no problem of fresh order intake. We do not see any 
compression anywhere.  
Chirag Patel: 
As my additional capacity is added, obviously we will improve upon our order intake. 
Nirav Bhanushali: 
Okay. So with this addition in this Sanand plant of 20,000 ton additional capacity. So we have 
fair bit of confident that we will be able to ramp up the utilization in the H2. 
Malav Patel: 
Yes. 
Nirav Bhanushali: 
Okay. Thanks a lot sir and best of luck for the future quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Malav Patel 
Yes, on behalf of the management of M&B Engineering Limited, we thank you all for joining 
us on our post earnings call today. We hope we have been able to address majority of your 
questions. You may reach out to me or our investor relations partner Ernst & Young for any 
further queries that you may have and would connect with you offline. Moderator, you can close 
the call now. Thank you. Thank you everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of M&B Engineering Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
