 
 
 
 
 
31st July 2026 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
Symbol: FIVESTAR 
BSE Limited  
Listing department,  
First floor, PJ Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip code: 543663  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on July 
27, 2026. 
 
The transcript can also be accessed from the link: https://fivestargroup.in/investors/ 
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
 
For Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
Vigneshkumar SM 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Vigneshk
umar S M
Digitally signed by 
Vigneshkumar S M 
Date: 2026.07.31 
14:13:30 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
n 
 
 
“Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 27, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. LAKSHMIPATHY DEENADAYALAN – CHAIRMAN 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. SRIKANTH GOPALAKRISHNAN – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. PRASHANTH SREENIVASAN – CHIEF, TREASURY 
AND INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SANKET CHHEDA – DAM CAPITAL 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Five-Star Business Finance Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-zone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 

 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanket Chheda from DAM Capital. Thank you, and over 
to you, Mr. Chheda. 
Sanket Chheda: 
Hi everybody. Good morning to all of you. Welcome to Five-Star Q1 Earnings Call. We have 
with us the entire management team today Mr. Lakshmipathy Deenadayalan, who is the 
Chairman and Managing Director. Then we have Mr. Srikanth Gopalakrishnan, who is Joint MD 
and CFO; and Mr. Prashanth Sreenivasan, the Chief of Treasury and Investor Relations. 
 
Without further ado, I'll hand the call over to Lakshmipathy sir for his opening remarks, and 
then we will follow that up with question and answers. Over to you, sir. 
Lakshmipathy D.: 
Yes. Thank you. First of all, let me welcome you all for this Q1 Earnings Call Financial Year 
2027. At the onset of strong momentum, I feel delighted to present the performance of Five-Star 
Business Finance for the quarter ended June 2026. The quarter panned out in line with our 
expectations, which vindicated the actions we took to overcome the challenges we faced. 
 
The most heartening facet of this quarter is the strong traction in disbursements that we have 
achieved. We clocked our historical best in disbursement with quarterly disbursements coming 
in at INR1,496 crores, a growth of 23% over the previous quarter and 16% over the previous 
year. 
 
We ended the quarter with an AUM of INR13,722 crores, which is a sequential growth of 4% 
for the quarter. This clearly shows that Five-Star is on the growth trajectory. And at this pace of 
quarterly growth, we should be able to achieve our full year growth guidance very comfortably. 
 
Collections continues to remain robust despite being the seasonally soft quarter. For the quarter 
ended June 30, 2026, we clocked a unique customer collection efficiency of 97.9% versus 98.1% 
last quarter, with our x-bucket collections coming in at 99.2% versus 99.3% in previous quarter. 
 
On the result of this, our current book continues to improve and stood at 83.30% as compared 
to 82.69% as of previous quarter. We also saw a good improvement in our 30-plus book, which 
reduced to 12.38% as compared to 12.69% in the previous quarter. 
 
With our strong collections, we should see asset quality metrics consistently improving in the 
quarters to come. Our slippages remained flat at 0.70% compared to the previous quarter. And 
despite the seasonally soft nature of this quarter, our credit cost dropped sequentially to 1.85% 
for Q1 financial year '27 from 1.88% for the Q4 financial year '26. 
 
On the borrowing front, our all-inclusive cost was at 8.33% despite not so favourable liquidity 
conditions. This has also helped bring down our cost of fund on the book from 8.95% for Q4 to 
8.80% for the Q1 this year. Not only did this ensure our spreads to remain intact despite drop in 
our yields in last October 2024, but this also shows the strength of our franchise from the 
perspective of external stakeholders. 

 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
 
On the whole, it has been a great and satisfying quarter for Five-Star and sets the platform for 
the company to achieve a strong trajectory across the facets of growth, profitability and quality 
in the quarters to come. 
 
I also want to take this opportunity to state that notwithstanding whatever has been happening 
over the last year or so, both external and internal, Five-Star has been able to demonstrate very 
strong numbers across various metrics. 
 
This clearly shows the strength of the institution that we have built and re-establishes the fact 
that we are not an institution that is dependent on few individuals. The individuals may come 
and go, but the institution will go on forever. 
 
On this positive note, now I would like to hand over to Srikanth. 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: A very good morning to all of you. Mr. Pathy has outlined a lot of metrics that really gave us 
tremendous encouragement during this quarter, and it has been a very, very encouraging quarter 
for all of us. During this quarter, one other milestone that we crossed is to achieve 500,000 active 
loan customers as on 30th June, which is a very significant milestone in the journey of the 
company. 
 
From a branch perspective, we continue to keep adding branches, primarily in the newer states. 
We added about 12 branches during this quarter, largely coming in from the state of Maharashtra 
and ended June with about 856 branches, which is a very strong infrastructure that we can build 
upon in the quarters to come towards achieving our growth targets. 
 
Our yields continue to remain consistent in line with the drop in yields that we did about a couple 
of years back. You will see about 10-15 basis points of reduction in yields on a quarterly basis. 
So there was a 12 basis points drop in our yields. However, this was more than compensated by 
the drop in the average cost of funds, which dropped by about 15 basis points, resulting in a 
spread of 3 basis points higher compared to the last quarter. 
 
The NIM continues to be flat. We had achieved an ROA of about 8.11% for the current quarter, 
ROE of close to 14.5%. From a collections perspective, 2 metrics stand out. Mr. Pathy had 
already outlined this in his opening remarks, but I just want to reiterate the fact that achieving a 
60 basis points drop in the 1-plus number and achieving a 30 basis points drop in the 30-plus 
number, especially in a softer quarter like Q1, shows that we are completely back on collections 
and the collections is on a very strong trajectory. 
 
Our provision coverage on the Stage 3 book continues to remain healthy at over 40%. And on 
the overall AUM, we are close to about 1.8% of provision coverage. 
 
On the profitability side, we ended the quarter with about INR271 crores of PAT. And our net 
worth as of 30th June stands at about INR7,653 crores. 

 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
 
As we said, it has been a very strong quarter for us after 4 quarters of some challenges that we 
faced. This quarter has been immensely satisfying and we are extremely confident in our mind 
that we will be able to achieve all the guidances that we gave you comfortably in the quarters to 
come. 
 
On that strong note, we would like to take any questions that any of you may have. Thank you 
so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Renish from ICICI. 
Renish: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Just 2 things, sir. First on the opex front, right? So I 
understand we have been doing process restructuring and making investment towards setting up 
collection infra etc. So just wanted to understand what will be the new steady state cost to asset 
for us, right? I mean, historically, we used to operate at around 5% which is now running at 
almost 6%. So when do you see operating leverage kicking in? And ultimately, where does cost 
to asset settling in over the next 5 to 6 quarters? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Renish, this was a point that we had addressed this even in the earlier calls as well. So, this year, 
given various conditions around us, especially with a few other competitors coming in, we have 
to be a little more competitive from an employee compensation perspective. So to that extent, 
we are not guiding the market for any strong operating leverage to kick in. 
 
Whatever operating leverage kicks in will possibly be taken up by the increased expenses that 
we'll have to incur. So the opex for this year will largely stay flat as compared to last year. But 
from next year onwards, certainly you will see operating leverage starting to kick in. From the 
perspective of total assets, like you rightly said, we are at about 6%. 
 
I think we will stay at around 5.75% to 6% for this year. But in a steady state, this number should 
drop somewhere close to about 5.25% to 5.5%. But that will happen more -- 5.25% to 5.5% in 
a steady-state scenario, but that will happen more from FY28 onwards and not during this 
financial year. 
Renish: 
Got it. Got it. No, this is very helpful. And second, on the asset yield part, right? So do you feel 
as of Q1, the large part of asset repricing at lower rate is over and maybe going ahead, the yield 
contraction will be limited to incremental growth? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: That's right, Renish. The large part of the contraction has already happened. In fact, for Q1, if 
you look at it, we are at less than 22.5%. And today, we are onboarding loans at close to 22.5%. 
And given some adjustments for the NPA interest reversals, this number should largely settle 
around the 22.25% is our thought. So maybe you will see this contraction of another 10-15 basis 
points for the next couple of quarters, should settle somewhere around the 22.25% levels. 
Renish: 
Okay. And just last thing, what is the lending rate as of now? It's 21.5%? 

 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: No, no. We are onboarding customers at an average of closer to 22.5%. The range is between 
21.5% to 23%, but the average yield on disbursements will largely come in at around 22.5%. 
Renish: 
22.5%. 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Yes. 
Renish: 
So then why should yield go down? I mean, if the disbursement yields are at par with your Q1 
yields? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Interest reversals on NPAs, Renish. 
Renish: 
Okay. That's the only thing. OK, got it. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Viral Shah with IIFL Capital. 
Viral Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. My first question is just a 
follow-up on the previous question. So Srikanth, you mentioned the yield compression largely 
being coming from, say, the interest income reversal. So what is the extent of further flow-
throughs that you expect in the Stage 3 over the next couple of quarters? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: The slippages should start trending down, Viral. Given the seasonally soft nature of the quarter, 
we saw the slippages to be flat, but I think you will start seeing slippages coming down in the 
quarters. Our recoveries are also actually going up. In fact, during this quarter, between write-
off and NPA settlements, we clocked a recovery of about INR 35 crores as compared to about 
INR 26 -27 crores of last quarter. 
 
So you will also see a pickup in recoveries in the quarters to come. From that perspective, I think 
you will see slippages coming down and NPAs also starting to trend down in the quarters to 
come. 
Viral Shah: 
Got it. And Srikanth, just to clarify, we do not, as of now, resort to an ARC sale, right? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: No. We do not resort to any ARC sale. The second point is our credit cost is also reflected at 
gross level, which means we are not netting off the recoveries that we are getting on write-off 
loans on our credit costs. We are actually showing it as other income in the top line. So these 2 
aspects need to be kept in mind because there are divergent practices in the market. 
Viral Shah: 
Got it. And Srikanth, my second question is basically with regards to -- sorry. 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: No, go ahead. Sorry. 
Viral Shah: 
Yes, my second question is with regards to the asset quality stress. So over the weekend, we 
have comments from some other player. Can you just delve deeper into, if at all there are any 
asset quality stress that you are seeing in your portfolio or in the market? And also whether this 
is in the early buckets or this is more of a flow-through into the, say, harder buckets or an NPA 

 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
of the existing overdue accounts? And also whether if you can give some sense of what is the 
rollback rates in the early delinquency bucket accounts? 
Lakshmipathy D.: 
So from an asset quality perspective, I'll ask Srikanth to check the rollback. I don't know whether 
he has the data on his hand. But let me take up the first point. On the asset quality front, we see 
very comfortable collections going forward. I'm not seeing this quarter alone. For last 7 months 
or 8 months in Five-Star, our collections trends are going up. 
 
So that clearly indicates the cash flows of our customers are intact. But I want everyone to keep 
2 things in mind. One is on the energy cost, which has gone up, which may even go up. Second 
is on the liquidity front, what the regulator is going to take a call on the price hike. 
 
So these 2 things have to be kept in mind. But at current circumstance, we see no issues from a 
collections perspective. As Srikanth said, the slippages, the credit cost and NPLs will start 
trending downwards for quarters to come. 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Viral, on the rollback, generally, we see at least about 4% to 5% of rollbacks happening in the 
softer buckets. By that, we mean about the 31 to 60 and the 1 to 30 bucket and about 2% to 3% 
happening on the 61 to 90-day bucket. 
 
So ours is more of a stabilization journey rather than too much on the rollback because these are 
not customers who are -- who can pay multiple installments in a month and roll their account 
back, which is why the collection efficiency or the unique customer collection efficiency 
becomes extremely important, where you're holding them in the same bucket and controlling 
flows, rather than allowing for flows and then rolling back the customers. 
Viral Shah: 
Got it, makes sense. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal with Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services Limited. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Just to take the discussion forward. Sir, on asset quality, just looking at the net slippage number, 
largely stable or in percentage terms, a minor improvement sequentially. Now the only thing I'm 
trying to understand here is that in the past, we have admitted that a large part of the stress that 
we have seen was actually spillover from microfinance where we also had overlap with 
microfinance customers. 
 
Now that in microfinance, we are very clearly seeing an up cycle, where asset quality is fast 
normalized, credit costs have normalized, how many more quarters do you see from here where, 
I mean, slippages start coming down? And maybe what would be a normalized slippage number 
when a few quarters down the line things are normalized? 
Lakshmipathy D.: 
So as I said in last call, same thing I'll repeat. Definitely, our collections are standing by, not in 
a few months. In a few quarters, we are able to see our collections trend going up pre-crisis level. 
That is why we started our growth engine to come back. So we are very clear that collections 

 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
are more important than growth. So we come from that conservative background. So before 
kickstarting the growth, we wanted to ensure the collections are back and back with a steady set 
of numbers for a little longer period of time. 
So having said this, on the asset quality, I said that coming quarters, especially in September, 
December and March for this financial year, you see all these 3 numbers trending down, 
slippages, credit cost and NPLs. 
 
The guidance what we have given for the credit cost for this financial year, the credit cost will 
be in somewhere between 1.7% to 1.9%. But already the trend is lower than what we have said 
in the higher side. So you see the trend goes towards 1.7% more likely in the quarters to come. 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: And Abhijit, we have also clearly guided you on the gross NPAs, which will fall to sub 3%. So 
that will be on account of obvious drop in slippages, which should start trending down. But we 
would also like to see 1 or 2 quarters of how the slippages trend before giving you a number that 
we can maintain in the steady state. But right now, our guidances are on the credit cost and on 
the NPA side. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. That is useful. The other is, sir, on the business momentum that you've seen this quarter, 
right? I mean disbursements obviously reached a record level in this quarter. And I think from 
here, from our commentary also, I could make out that the quarterly growth should keep 
improving from here. 
 
So I was just trying to understand if you could break down what is it -- what are the key drivers 
of this acceleration? Basically, how much is coming from stronger demand versus, let's say, 
higher approval rates, branch productivity or any geographic expansion that is planned? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Abhijit, the first point to keep in mind is there is no dearth of demand in this segment which is 
something that we have been consistently reiterating. The demand was always there. Given the 
challenges that the company faced over the last 3 to 4 quarters, we had consciously put in certain 
measures, which possibly had a little bit of an impact on the approval rates and consciously 
slowed down on disbursements, because as a company, we take a very conservative stance that 
asset quality comes first, followed by growth. So it is extremely important for us to put some of 
the challenges that we faced in order, before resorting to growth. So demand was never a 
problem. 
The split of verticals between business and collections has also led to significant increase in 
productivity because the same person was doing both business and collections in the past. And 
if there is some level of stressed accounts that the person is managing, it also shows up negatively 
on the disbursements with the concerned employee or the branch can do. Now that is completely 
addressed because you have a separate team with the requisite expertise who can actually do -- 
who are doing the collections on difficult accounts, which frees up a lot of space for the business 
people to focus only on bringing incremental log-ins and incremental business. 

 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
 
So the lead indicators that we are seeing are very strong traction in logins, very strong traction 
in business. And when we mean business, we talk about sanctions converting into MODs, which 
will eventually convert into disbursements. So these are some actions that we have taken, which 
has led to significant increase in productivity, and we are very confident that this will continue 
to sustain or keep going up in the quarters to come. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it, Srikanth sir. And just one last question. While you've already spoken about yields that 
maybe for the next couple of quarters, there could be anywhere between 10 to 15 basis points 
compression in yields. And what's the view on the cost of borrowings? We've seen that keeping 
improved for the last 4-5 quarters now. What's the view on cost of borrowings from here? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan:  I think it will largely stay around -- the incremental cost, Abhijit, will probably stay somewhere 
around the 8.5 levels because we also have one more tranche that we need to avail from ADB. 
We'll have to time it right because that's an ECB and there is an impact of hedging costs that hits 
there. But ADB being ADB, we can't afford not to take that money. 
 
So my sense is, I think our incremental cost of borrowing should be somewhere around the 8.5% 
level, which means we still have another 20-30 basis points of compression that can come in the 
borrowings over the period. And all this predicated on the fact that there will be no repo rate 
increases. 
 
So if there is a repo rate increase, then that will definitely impact the cost of borrowings in a 
negative manner. So it's a very evolving situation. But at this point of time, we feel confident 
that the cost of borrowing should start -- should at least trend down by another 10-15 basis points 
for the year. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Chandrasekhar Sridhar with Fidelity International. 
Chandrasekhar Sridhar: 
I have a few questions. Have you done a check again on the customer base scrub to see the extent 
of leveraging maybe any time now versus what we have done in the past since we've done it? 
Any updates which you could share if you've done on that? 
 
And the context I'm trying to understand also around this is that what your thoughts are around 
-- obviously, gold loans have grown now substantially largely INR20 lakh crores. Is there a 
possibility that given the overlap of our customers with gold loan and MFI that some of the 
customers could be using the gold loans to repay us and showing up in the better quality? 
Lakshmipathy D.: 
Chandra, on the gold loan front, see, generally, gold loan is fully secured. So we don't have to 
worry about gold loans from a repayment perspective, from a collections perspective. The point 
what you said, the gold loans or smaller loans, what that gets translated into repayment of other 
NBFCs or banks. This generally happens. This is not -- it's a seasonal quarter for this. 
 
This happens if the cash flow of the customer temporarily goes for a halt, he uses the small loans 
like around INR50,000 or sub INR1 lakh, either from personal loan or microfinance or gold to 

 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
take up the cash flows what has been dipped. So that's a phenomenon that we have to live with, 
and we'll see across all quarters. 
 
On the scrub part, see, from our underwriting, we always keep this saying that we don't have any 
control that customers overleverage can again kick in. We are very conscious, and we have taken 
all measures in the last 12 months. A little -- it was a bit slow from a market perspective. But 
from our perspective, we have taken all measures to face the next overleveraged crisis that may 
hit whenever it wants to hit. 
 
So from that perspective, we are very strong to face the next overleverage crisis. We can't control 
the customers as long as the lenders are obedient enough or disciplined enough to have the 
guardrails what their associations have been put in place. 
 
So from our side, we see the leverage as what we used to see a year back as trending lower, 
either through write-offs, what they have done or either through the strict guardrails what they 
follow, we see the leverages coming down. But the gold loans keep going up. That's the trend 
that I can share with you all saying that loans other than gold is coming down from our 
customers, but gold loan as a trend is going up, maybe the value would have also added to that. 
Srikanth? 
Chandrasekhar Sridhar: 
Yes. So I'm just trying to understand whether that helps. I mean it maybe helps on a quarterly 
basis, as you say, typically, you do find that. But just is that -- I mean, is that masking maybe 
the underlying -- maybe things have not improved as much, but sort of getting masked because 
of the value of the gold loans going up. So just trying to get some sense around that? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Chandra, not in the last 6 months or so because all of us know that the gold price corrections 
have been happening in the last 6 months. If you had told this last year, we would have probably 
agreed with you because the growth in gold loans was significantly higher because of the prices. 
But in the last 6 months, it's more correction, while gold loans are still growing, but not at the 
pace that they were growing maybe prior to 6 months back. 
 
So I do tend to agree that to some extent, what you're saying is right, and that will be largely a 
behavioral trend across not just in the last 12-18 months, but any time you will see that temporary 
cash flows are being addressed through microfinance and gold loans. 
 
But I would say in the last couple of quarters, we are definitely seeing that the guardrails that 
microfinance companies have implemented has brought down the proportion of overlap in 
microfinance lower. I think the number -- while we have not done it for this quarter, but it trended 
down from about 20%-21% to about 16%-17%. 
 
And on the gold loans also, given the correction in prices, it's not that people are borrowing big 
in gold loans to repay us. What we are also seeing is -- and the other point, I think, to keep in 
mind is we have always maintained that the cash flows of these customers were never a problem, 
even in the last 12-18 months. It was more the behaviour which got a little bit impacted because 
of write-offs being done by unsecured lenders, and we had to correct the behaviour. So today, 

 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
what we believe is that the cash flows have largely remained flat, while they may not have shown 
too much of improvement, but there is adequate cash flow in the hands of the borrowers to repay 
the secured lenders. 
Chandrasekhar Sridhar: 
Understood. Maybe a couple of more questions which I had. One is that just around thoughts 
around ticket sizes. There's been obviously a slight push up, one, because of inflation and one 
sort of consciously. But how do you just think about that in the medium term? That's one. And 
second, thoughts on any diversification - sort of broad sense maybe over the next 1 or 2 years 
and what you're thinking of? 
Lakshmipathy D.: 
Chandra, on the second point on -- multiple product, I've been talking with all investors for a 
long time. So we are very clearly thinking 2-3 products, out of that one product which we wanted 
to go first, maybe in next 3 months or 6 months. We will definitely get into one of the products 
because one of the learnings that what we have learned in this crisis is not to be in a single 
product. 
 
However, the depth is there for the growth in this product, a single product is not going to help 
you during the crisis time. So keeping that in mind and the Board's emphasis on multiproduct, 
we are also thinking to get into one more product. At the appropriate time, we will come to the 
investors and explain what is the product and what is the rationale for that product. 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: So Chandra, on the ticket sizes, like you rightly said, it's a combination of inflation and some bit 
of conscious movement to move towards slightly higher ticket sizes. And as we have been 
guiding in the past, we definitely want to operate at 25-50-20, which will be 25% at around INR3 
lakh ticket size and 50% around the INR5 lakh ticket size and the other 25% closer to the INR10 
lakh ticket size. So that's the kind of mix that we would be comfortable with. And we have been 
taking steps, which is getting reflected in the portfolio mix. 
Chandrasekhar Sridhar: 
Sure. Can I squeeze in one more question? 
Lakshmipathy D.: 
Sure. 
Chandrasekhar Sridhar: 
Yes. So just lastly, I mean, I think my conversation around the spreads, it seems aside from the 
interest reversal on the NPLs and which should sort of start stabilizing. It seems that -- I mean, 
12 months out spread should not -- should be -- I mean, you say policy, but I mean, assuming 
policy is where is, we should see spreads where they are today because sort of the gap between 
-- you still have about 30 bps left on the incremental cost of funds? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan.: That's right, Chandra. Spread should largely remain flat to current levels for the next few 
quarters, assuming no policy actions. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Raghav Garg with Ambit Capital. 
Raghav Garg: 
I have a few questions. One, your repayment rates have gone up. So that's one question. Why 
have they gone up? And then a follow-up question to that is that when I look at the duration mix 

 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
of the book, the share of 3 to 5-year loan is going up. But at the same time, your repayment rates 
have also gone up. So I was just trying to reconcile as to why -- how do you reconcile these 2 
things. So those are my 2 questions. And then I have another question. 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: So Raghav, the repayment rates have gone up primarily due to stronger collections as well. So 
if you're actually comparing against the last 12 months, the repayments were low because 
obviously, the collection efficiencies were more around the 96%, 97% levels. But -- the point is 
with the collections becoming stronger, that will get -- that will see slight increases. 
 
On the other side, I think the repeat customers who are actually coming -- we had a policy where 
any kind of customer, even if it's the best customer in Five-Star with zero DPD for any of the 
other institutions, we were actually asking the customer to prepay their entire loan before we can 
sanction a fresh loan, which was becoming very difficult for the customers. 
 
So they were actually going out to the other NBFCs, which increased the repayment. We have 
made some policy changes, stricter policy changes where at least the best customers, we will not 
ask them to repay their existing loan, but we'll give the top up on top of it. So that is something 
which should start helping us from a repayment rate perspective going forward. 
 
Having said that, I think while the number currently is at about 30% or closer to 30% Raghav, 
this number should largely trend somewhere around 27%- 28% in the normal sense. That's why 
we say our behavioural loan tenor will be somewhere around 4-4.5 years. 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood. That's helpful. The other question is that -- so like I mentioned, the share of 3 to 5-
year loan has been going up for you and at the same time, the share of less than 1 year is coming 
down. Theoretically speaking, does this help you in terms of increasing the overall book IRR 
from an accounting perspective because the share of the longer-term loans is going up? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: I just want to understand where you're getting this -- where you're deriving this data from 
Raghav? 
Raghav Garg: 
So you mentioned the AUM by loan duration in the presentation, right? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: The vintage you're talking about, right? 
Raghav Garg: 
Correct. Yes. 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: See, the vintage will obviously go up because as we keep putting more and more new loans and 
the loans start getting seasoned, so this has nothing to do with less than 1-year loans. This is 
more the vintage on the book. This is not the tenure of the disbursements that we do. 
Raghav Garg: 
Of course, this is the tenure on the outstanding book, correct? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Correct. So the higher the disbursements, the momentum in disbursements pick up, you will see 
increase in less than 1-year portfolio because every quarter, we are disbursing so much, right? 
This quarter, we disbursed close to INR1,500 crores, which will come up in the less than 1-year 

 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
book. But most of our loans, I would say, almost 85%, 90% of our loans are disbursed for a 
tenure of 7 years. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Rajiv Mehta with Yes Securities. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Congratulations on good numbers. My first question is, how should we look at write-offs trend 
in the coming quarters? And what is the nature of the write-off? Is it driven by policy? Or is it 
driven by your definition on certain customer profile or collateral profile? Because see Stage 3 
most likely will keep on going up because there is a net slippage happening. 
 
So should we assume that even the write-off will keep on going -- will keep increasing in the 
same proportion or there can be a scenario wherein the write-off will stabilize or will start to 
normalize a bit? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: For this year, we had already provided the guidance. We should be seeing write-offs for the full 
year at somewhere around INR225 crores to INR250 crores, which is largely the run rate that 
we did in the first quarter. We did about INR60 crores of write-offs in the first quarter. You 
should see that number largely remaining flat for the rest of the quarters as well. 
 
So don't assume too much of benefit coming in the write-offs for this year because there is also 
a good amount of portfolio in the 61- to 90-day bucket. There will be slippages. And typically, 
these write-offs are done purely for 2 reasons. One is from a tax perspective, it gives us the 
benefit. 
 
The second is in terms of showing the appropriate level of NPAs on the book. But these are only 
technical write-offs. There is no question around the recoverability of these write-offs. And like 
I said a few minutes back also, we are continuing to show good amount of recoveries in our 
write-off. For example, this quarter, we recovered about INR7-8 crores on the write-offs. 
 
So we will definitely get back these monies. But from a tax and the appropriate level of GNPA 
positioning perspective, we'll continue to keep taking write-offs. What it will be in the steady 
state, Rajiv will probably come back to you after 2 to 3 quarters because we also want to see 
how the good collections in the softer buckets are holding up and what is the impact of that on 
the portfolio. Now if you start seeing flows decreasing and our softer buckets showing better 
trends, then eventually, this write-off should start trending down at least in the coming years. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
And Srikanth, your guidance of credit cost, which is 1.7% to 1.8% for the whole year, does it 
build in any building back of coverage on Stage 1 and Stage 2 because we have drawn down the 
coverage in the last 4, 5 quarters. And when I look at the fresh flow rate, they have completely 
normalized. They've significantly normalized now. 
 
So at least the provisioning from a fresh flow rate point of view is coming down, write-off will 
stabilize. Then if you're still guiding for a 1.7% to 1.8% credit cost, are you trying to also imply 
that you will build back coverage in Stage 1 and Stage 2, which is currently low? 

 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: I'll answer it slightly differently. We will endeavor to maintain an overall coverage of 1.75% to 
1.8% on the book Rajiv, whether it's a combination of pushing up the Stage 1, Stage 2 coverage 
or pushing up the Stage 3 coverage, I think that's a call that the company will take depending on 
how the portfolio mix looks. But definitely, we will ensure that we maintain our overall coverage 
on the book at around 1.75% to 1.8%. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
And if the current flow trends were to hold and once the write-off stabilize, FY28 obviously 
should be a much better credit cost year for us? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Yes. Whatever guidance we gave you is for the current year, it will -- in fact, we spoke last time 
also. From FY28 onwards, it won't be at 1.7%, 1.9% levels, which will -- even the highest range 
will be 1.7%, possibly around 1.6% to 1.7%. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay. And when you say that the disbursements are now improving and the asset growth is 
improving, this is without changing any credit filters or credit policies on the ground, right? It is 
purely driven by the fact that the business people are sourcing much better and with the same 
level of credit visibility? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Absolutely. It's improvement in productivity, but no impact on quality. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Kunal Shah with Citigroup. 
Kunal Shah: 
So firstly, when we look at it overall in terms of the trends in 1 plus and 30 plus, looking at the 
collection efficiency wherein we are, and as you mentioned like maybe there is no change in the 
credit filters, how should we see this overall settling? And in terms of your credit cost guidance, 
this is more in terms of controlling the forward flow once it gets into the 1 or 30-day bucket or 
maybe just preventing the flows itself into this segment? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Kunal, the first point is it's preventing flows into this segment because that is where we are 
focusing very sharply on the current book. And you see our current book collections coming in 
at upwards of 99% consistently for the last few quarters. So the clear thought process of the 
company is how do we control the flows right from the start rather than allowing the flows to 
happen and controlling it in the bucket. 
 
Controlling a current flow, flow from a current bucket is a lot easier than controlling a flow from 
a 1 to 30 bucket. So very clearly, the thought process is how do we keep our current book more 
robust and how do we keep our 30-plus more robust. We had sort of given a guidance last time. 
I think we expect our current book to be about 85% by the end of this year. It's currently at about 
83.3%. And you will also start seeing the 30-plus come down less than 12%. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes, that I agree maybe from a near-term perspective, but maybe as the entire portfolio matures, 
where do ideally maybe with this 99.2% standard bucket collection efficiency, where should we 
see this number settling? Okay, maybe this 15%-odd and 12%-odd 2, 3 years down the line, 
where does it settle down with the -- maybe the better underwriting, which we are doing it 
currently? 

 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: So the thumb rule that we are working on, Kunal, is about around 90% to 91% of Stage 1 assets, 
which will be somewhere around let's say, 87%, 88% of current and about 3%, 4% of 1 to 30. 
So Stage 1 is somewhere around 91%-- 91% or so. Stage 2 hovering somewhere around 6% to 
7%, which will be a combination of maybe 3%, 3% or 3.5%, 3.5% in the 31to 60 and 61 to 90-
day bucket. 
 
And NPAs at sub-3%. So in a steady state, if you're talking that we are guiding you for an NPA 
of around 2.5% or so. So I would largely put it as Stage 1, somewhere around 91%, 92%, Stage 
2, somewhere around 6% to 7%, Stage 3, somewhere around 2.5%. That should be the 
sustainable business model, at least for the short to medium term. 
Kunal Shah: 
Perfect. That helps. And secondly, on the employee side, so is it more like just the retention and 
the upgrading of the structure which has happened or there is ESOP component to it and that 
would be more of a one-off because you are now indicating in terms of the operating leverage, 
not much to come through. And we have seen employee costs going up quite significantly. So 
this is purely the rebase of the existing structure? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: That's right, Kunal. See, these are people at the branch level, who could be branch managers, 
supervisors. To them, ESOPs are not the most attractive. I'm not talking about the senior 
supervisors, but even the mid-level supervisors. ESOPs are not the most attractive form of 
compensation. So this will be more like realigning, revising their salaries, giving them slightly 
better incentives for the performance, which will push up the cost. So nothing to do with ESOPs. 
Kunal Shah: 
And in terms of the attrition, how it is helping us to bring it down, if you can just give an example, 
maybe given that now we are rebasing this or maybe providing more incentives, how has the 
attrition behaved? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Too early to say, Kunal. As of now, it's largely flat to what it was. But our belief is, I think once 
we start seeing more quarters where people start doing business, the excitement starts coming 
in, I think the retention will be a lot higher and the attrition should start going down. So possibly, 
we can give you some trends maybe 2-3 quarters down the line. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And on overhead cost, would there be also an element of investments, which will 
again lead to not much of an operating leverage out there or maybe the only thing is maybe the 
overhead benefit is getting offset by the employee cost increase, which will be there? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: It's primarily employee cost, Kunal. I don't think we are expecting to put too many branches this 
year. We'll continue our normal run rate of about 50-60 branches. So it's not like the overheads 
are going to push up the cost. It's primarily on the personnel expenses. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Aditya Miglani with Burman Capital. 
Aditya Miglani: 
Congratulations on the good results and momentum. My question was regarding the repayment 
rates, but that has already been asked. 

 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: We can move to the next one. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Miglani please go ahead. 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: No, no. His question has already been answered. So please move to the next one. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nischint with Kotak. 
Nischint: 
Maybe if you could just reiterate a bit on the expense side. What kind of an expense growth are 
we looking at this year? Would it kind of track what we saw in the first quarter or would it kind 
of accelerate from here on? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: On a year-on-year basis, Nischint, I think it will largely track what you saw in the first quarter. 
So we are expecting somewhere around 20% to 21% growth compared to last year's numbers. 
So we are not expecting anything abnormally from here onwards because some of it has already 
been built in, in the first quarter in the form of increments and appraisals and all that. So largely 
in line with the Y-o-Y trend that you have seen in this quarter. 
Nischint: 
And just one -- the closing line that Mr. Pathy made about employees sort of being volatile or 
coming in and going, anything kind of specific happening out here? 
Lakshmipathy D.: 
Nischint, nothing specific. I just wanted to give confidence to the market and to the shareholders 
that Five-Star is not an institution depending on a few individuals, but it's depending on its 
15,000 employees, which will show the strength. That's what we have communicated through 
results also, nothing specific. 
Nischint: 
Got it. Got it. That's very clear. And just one last clarification. The write-off of INR60 crores for 
the quarter is something that you will probably expect to continue for the rest of the year. But 
from a coverage point of view, probably ECL coverage can remain at these levels. I think that's 
what we are seeing, right? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Largely, yes, Nischint. At an overall level, ECL coverage will remain at around the 1.75% to 
1.8% levels and write-offs also will largely remain stable at around the INR55 crores to INR60 
crores every quarter. 
Nischint: 
Got it. And the 20% loan growth guidance stays, right? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Absolutely. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Divyansh Gupta with Latent PMS. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Two questions on the liability side. If I look at the absolute amount of debt, debt has gone down 
from March. So 2 questions, how to read into this? And second is that while the -- let's say, the 
cost of debt is lower is because we are being very choosy and let's say, optimizing on our P&L. 
But as we want to lever up the balance sheet, what should we expect as a more realistic cost of 
fund? 

 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: So Divyansh, I think both the questions are related. We are obviously being choosy currently 
given our focus on the cost of funds. But at the same time, if we want to lever up the balance 
sheet, we have adequate lines available where we can push and get. That's why we are not even 
guiding you for an 8.3% incremental cost. We are guiding you for an 8.5% incremental cost. So 
that is something that will come in because of our intention to lever up the balance sheet as and 
when we need. This quarter, this was sufficient because we also took quite a bit of monies in the 
last quarter. For example, last quarter, we raised almost close to INR1,000 crores. And that 
liquidity was sitting on the balance sheet. And typically, Q1 tends to be a little muted from a 
additional borrowing perspective. Banks are also waiting for the results to be announced. So it 
takes a little bit of time for them to get their necessary limits in place, whatever their strategies 
are. 
 
So which is why we took about INR450 crores. We are still holding close to INR1,850 crores 
on the balance sheet. So it's still a sizable number. But the focus of the company will clearly be 
to ensure appropriate cost of funds. But at the same time, we will not compromise on the growth. 
 
So we are very confident from a debt perspective, ability to raise whatever quantums we need at 
the right cost of funds, but please bake in an 8.5% incremental cost of funds going forward, not 
the current levels. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Understood. Understood. The second question was that, let's say, when we started reducing the 
rates, our -- let's say, hypothesis or, let's say, target was that we will leverage the balance sheet 
so that ROE does not get hit. While I understand all that happened in the last, let's say, year or 
so, when can we realistically can expect that we will hit a debt to equity of 2? And what time 
line are we thinking around for it? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: See, debt to equity of 2 will take a little bit of time. I would probably think it's in the medium 
term, maybe another 6 to 8 quarters from here onwards because it depends on the growth that 
we are looking at in the current product and also the newer product diversification we're thinking 
about, how that pans out over the next few quarters. 
 
You also need to keep in mind that we add almost INR1,100 crores, INR1,200 crores of PAT 
every year to the net worth. So from that perspective, it's also going to be a little bit of a 
challenge. I would probably think definitely not before another 8 quarters, 6-8 quarters. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Understood. The next question was on the new product that you have mentioned. So we had 
already started something in housing. So this is then going to be third product or the product is 
just a better variant of housing that we launched? 
Lakshmipathy D.: 
See, the housing product what we have launched 2 quarters down the line, we were not much 
focusing on that because we want our micro LAP to bounce back to the pre-crisis level, which 
you have started to see in the disbursement and that will show good numbers going forward. So 
once the existing product is set in tone, then we wanted to get into the housing product, what we 
already launched to our similar profile of customers. What we are talking now is apart from that. 

 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Got it. Understood. Understood. And the last question is that we used to give our overall 
collection efficiency, which, let's say, in the last quarter and for this quarter, if you can tell? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: I think please connect with our IR team separately on some of these data-related questions, 
Divyansh. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Chirag Fialoke with MS Capital. 
Chirag Fialoke: 
Congratulations team on executing what you had laid out a couple of quarters back. Srikanth, 
just one question on the new customer additions, that quantum has been more in the 6,500, 4,000 
kind of range. And then effectively, if one just does back of the envelope math, it seems like the 
incremental disbursements are more in the average INR5 lakh to INR7 lakh kind of range. 
 
Is that where it is today? And do you think that this is just a transitory phase and it will normalize 
back to more INR5 lakh kind of range or is it now more going to be incrementally in the INR7 
lakh average disbursement range? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: So Chirag, it's not INR7 lakh. The average ticket size is somewhere close to around INR5 lakh 
-- INR4.5 lakh to INR5. It will largely stay there. So the intent is not to keep adding smaller and 
smaller customers, but to keep adding the right kind of customers who will be good from a 
NACH perspective, who will be good from a repayment perspective, who will be good from a 
flow perspective. So we will continue to keep adding -- our ticket sizes for this year should 
largely hover around an average ticket size for the quarter of about INR5 lakhs or so. 
Lakshmipathy D.: 
So this is a very important point that everyone should keep in their mind is, we are not vacating 
any space. Like many players who have done it in the last 12 months, we are not vacating any 
space. We are becoming more and more stronger in the same space where Five-Star has been 
operating for the last 24 years. 
 
The only change is the mix. What we guided in last July earnings call was our mix of less than 
INR3 lakh ticket size will be close to 25% and INR3 lakhs to INR5 lakhs will be close to 50% 
and above INR5 lakhs will be close to 25%. So that is the mix in which Five-Star wanted to 
move from last July to this June. So that is what exactly the trend is happening. So we are 
focusing on what we say. 
Chirag Fialoke: 
Understood. Very clear Mr. Pathy. Just a quick data question. On the 60 to 90 bucket, could you 
just highlight what that percentage were for the quarter? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Chirag, please connect with the IR team to take some of these data-related aspects. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Kunal Thanvi with Banyan Tree Advisors. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
I had 2 questions. One was if you can zoom in into the disbursement growth, like what are the 
areas from which we got the growth? And what is your confidence in terms of meeting your 
guidance of 20% this year? 

 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
 
Second question was on the overall organization structural change that you have made. If you 
can zoom into the incentive structure for the business guys. And from a cultural point of view, 
while I understand your productivity would improve, but one of the key things was we were able 
to run a leaner ship with fewer number of employees. How does culturally the organization is 
now adopting to a business guy and a service guy being separate? If you can zoom into these 
two aspects? 
Lakshmipathy D.: 
So our request is, can you please keep yourself mute so that the background noise is too much. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Yes. 
Lakshmipathy D.: 
Thank you. Let me get into the organization structure first, then Srikanth will add. So very 
clearly, we have said in last 1 year that I'll be in the operational front as MD. And to support me, 
there's a JMD with Srikanth. And underneath Srikanth, you have operational heads across all 
departments. 
 
So if you see every department in Five-Star has one head and one chief. Specifically in this 
investor presentation, we have given details of all the 20-21 management teams who are in the 
company to -- you can please go through them and feel comfortable to come back to our IR for 
any doubts. 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: So Kunal, I think your -- on your question in terms of the disbursement trend for the next few 
quarters, what kind of incentive structure changes we have made, has the culture changed 
because we have created this business collections vertical - none of that holds good because 
today, even though the business and collections vertical have been segregated, the business team 
continues to have the responsibility of collecting at least on the current accounts for a certain 
vintage. 
 
So it's not like we are completely removing the DNA of collections from the business people. 
Their incentives are still dependent on achieving a certain level of collection percentage in the 
current accounts and also achieving the growth perspective. It is only that we are moving the 
arrears to the collection team because you need focus, you need expertise to ensure that the flows 
are contained, the slippages are largely contained. 
 
So from this perspective, there has been no cultural shift. There has been no incentive changes, 
and we are very confident of achieving the traction in disbursements. While we did about 
INR1,500 crores in the first quarter, even assuming the same run rate for the next 3 quarters and 
adding a 10% on top of it because the next few quarters, obviously, the numbers will be higher. 
We will be somewhere around INR6,500 crores to INR6,800 crores, which will enable us to 
achieve our growth guidance of 20% very comfortably. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Thanvi are you done with your question. 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Let's move ahead. 

 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Aright. Next question comes from the line of Varun Subramanian with Ascent Capital. 
Varun Subramanian: 
My questions on leverage were answered. I just wanted to understand when you launch the new 
product, let's say, in the medium term, at that point, would you be guiding for AUM growth of 
higher than 20% or would that be including the new product launches that you have in mind? Is 
that a medium-term sort of guidance? 
Lakshmipathy D.: 
No. Definitely, the guidance at that point of time will be much higher than the guidance what 
we have given with the Micro LAP product. It's going to be the addition of the guidance what 
we have given as of now. 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Varun, we also want to impress upon on the question on leverage. This is something that we are 
talking about given the growth on the current product, with how the new products pan out, when 
the growth goes up, obviously, there will also be a kicker in leverage. So definitely, our intent 
is also to maximize the returns to the shareholders from an ROE perspective and which is why 
we are looking at strong growth in the existing product and also the new products coming in and 
giving better growth, which can help the leverage needle also move up. 
Varun Subramanian: 
So just to clarify, would leverage be linked to the launch of a new product or would you be able 
to lever up the book even with the existing products scaling up and with the asset quality 
improving? Will we be able to maybe get to 1.5 in 4 quarters, something like that? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Definitely, I think the current product itself will give a kicker in leverage. What we are saying 
is it will get better with newer products coming in because we have a strong capital, and it is 
important for us to use the capital in the right way to maximize the returns for all the 
shareholders. And that's the endeavour of the company that we are working on. 
 
So definitely, you will see leverage going up in the existing products. But with the new products 
coming in, it will obviously be a lot higher. So from here onwards, the focus is clearly to deliver 
strong returns to the shareholders. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Darshan Deora with Indvest Group. 
Darshan Deora: 
Happy to see the turnaround in asset quality. Quick question. On a steady-state basis, what sort 
of ROE would the management be targeting? Like what sort of ROE would the management be 
aiming for? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Darshan, today, we are operating at somewhere around 8% ROA, right, 8% to 8.5% based on 
the AUM. If you convert it into total assets, this number will be somewhere around 7% to 7.25%. 
Now our point is, as leverage keeps going up, you will have a compression in the ROA. 
 
So in the past, the guidance that we used to give would be a steady-state ROA of somewhere 
around 6% to 6.5%. And if we are able to get to the 3x leverage, we are talking somewhere 
between 18% to 20% as the ROE. So that's the endeavor that we are working on. 

 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
Darshan Deora: 
Got it. And secondly, in October '24, we have decided to reduce our lending yields, right? 
Because it was to some extent the expectation of the regulatory environment. And also prior to 
that, we had always experienced relatively good asset quality or we were able to bounce back 
relatively fast from any credit crisis. 
 
So last 18 months have been sort of a slight change from the previous experiences where we 
have had to also really bulk up our collection efforts and increase our costs. So any thoughts on 
-- and now the regulatory environment is also more favorable. So now any thoughts on maybe 
sort of further like moving back to a slightly higher yield in order to sort of hasten the process 
to getting to a higher ROE? 
Lakshmipathy D.: 
Darshan, first of all, I wanted to correct your first question. You're right, in October 2024, we 
dropped 200 bps at one go. That was not from a regulator perspective. I have already reiterated. 
I'm again happy to reiterate that. It's because our borrowing cost was 11% plus. It has now -- it 
was dropping down to 9% plus. 
 
So that 200 bps, we wanted to fix the appropriate time to give it back to our customer. We took 
October as the right timing to give this 200 bps reduction to our customers. So that point I wanted 
to emphasize again so that people correct themselves why Five-Star did the 200 bps in October 
2024. 
 
Going forward, our intent is keeping the borrowing cost in mind, our lending rates will get 
adjusted. So it is not that if the borrowing cost trending down, we are not intend to keep our 
lending rates up. So that is not going to happen in Five-Star. That's the call that Board has taken 
in October 2024 itself. That is why that 200 bps reduction was being given for onboarding new 
customers. So as the borrowing rate trends, the lending rates will also trend. 
Darshan Deora: 
So Pathy point taken. But I think from a cost structure point of view, also our cost structure has 
slightly changed, right, because we have invested a lot in sort of increasing our team size because 
of the collection efforts. So somehow, do we want to price that back in into our yields going 
forward? 
Lakshmipathy D.: 
I think that will be priced back in our credit cost and slippage ratio and NPLs trending down. So 
we want that to be priced back in provision rather than in increasing the lending rate. 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: And Darshan, like we said, the opex will start trending down. So it's possibly a phenomenon for 
1 year. It's not like it's going to continue to remain where it is forever. From next year onwards, 
definitely, you will start seeing opex to trend down. 
 
So as a responsible lender, we want to price our products in the right way so that we also see 
strong traction, the customer service is good, the customer feels happy getting onboarded with 
Five-Star. So at this point of time, given where our borrowing costs, I think we are very 
comfortable with the yield. 

 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
Darshan Deora: 
Got it. And I think just like one suggestion from my side. I think we're doing a great job, but 
metrics such as AUM per employee, disbursement per employee, we hope as investors to see an 
uptick in that. I think it's already happening on a Q-on-Q basis, but it would be great, I think 
maybe with the addition of new products to see that AUM per employee and disbursement per 
employee trending upwards with more speed... 
Lakshmipathy D.: 
Yes. Darshan, you are correct. Not even with new product. I can tell you very confidently with 
the existing product itself, you will see in the quarters to come, the disbursement per employee 
and AUM per employee will trend up. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Renish with ICICI. 
Renish: 
Just one thing on the disbursement front. If you can share the June disbursement number would 
be helpful, sir? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: So June, we did about INR670 crores, Renish. 
Renish: 
How much? INR670 crores? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: INR670 crores, yes. 
Renish: 
So is there any seasonality in that particular month? I mean, otherwise, the disbursement target, 
which you have in mind for '27, that should actually overshoot by a big margin. So just wanted 
to get a sense on that? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Renish, there will always be seasonality in the third month of the quarter. But this year, we are 
very consciously working towards keeping the seasonality between the months in the quarter 
minimal. So you will not see, let's say, the first month of the quarter being at INR300 crores and 
the last month of the quarter being at INR700 crores, but there will still be a seasonality. 
 
So right now, despite what you have seen in the first quarter, I think which is a very healthy 
trend. And we are looking at traction building from here onwards to achieve our growth 
comfortably. 
Renish: 
Got it. So it is fair to assume that, let's say, anywhere between INR600 crores to INR650 crores, 
INR670 crores should be a new normal monthly result number for rest of the year? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: On an average, yes. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. We have reached the end of question-
and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Thank you all. As we said, it's been a great quarter for Five-Star. We are extremely confident in 
the way that the company is moving and the actions that we have taken have vindicated our 
stance. And like we said in the presentation, from here onwards, we are very confident of moving 
in the right direction and in our journey to move onwards and upwards to get back to some of 

 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
the strongest numbers that Five-Star has been used to delivering. On that note, we will all be 
happy to see you in the next quarter. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Five-Star Business Finance, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
