 
 
 
ADITYA BIRLA FASHION AND RETAIL LIMITED
Registered Office:  
Piramal Agastya Corporate Park, Building ‘A’, 
4th and 5th Floor, Unit No. 401, 403, 501, 502,  
L.B.S. Road, Kurla, Mumbai - 400 070
 
CIN: L18101MH2007PLC233901 
Tel.: +91 86529 05000 
Fax: +91 86529 05400
 
Website: www.abfrl.com 
E-mail: secretarial@abfrl.adityabirla.com 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
BSE Limited
Scrip code: 535755 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Symbol: ABFRL  
 
 
Sub.: 
Transcript of Q1FY27 Earnings Call of the Company 
 
Ref.:     1. Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure    
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and  
      2.  Our intimation dated August 4, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
With reference to the captioned subject, the transcript of Q1FY27 Earnings Call held on Monday, August 10, 
2026 is enclosed herewith. 
 
The above details along with the audio recordings of the Earnings Call are being made available on the website 
of the Company i.e., www.abfrl.com. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Sincerely, 
For Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
Rajeev Agrawal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS 18877 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Digitally signed by: Rajeev 
Agrawal
DN: CN = Rajeev Agrawal C 
= IN O = Personal
Date: 2026.08.13 17:11:37 +
05'30'
Rajeev 
Agrawal

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (ABFRL) 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 10, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
  
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH DIKSHIT – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
ADITYA BIRLA FASHION AND RETAIL LIMITED 
 
MR. SURAJ BAHIRWANI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
PANTALOONS  
 
MR. JAGDISH BAJAJ – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ADITYA BIRLA FASHION AND RETAIL LIMITED  
 
 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (ABFRL) 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the First Quarter Earnings Conference Call of 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited. The call will begin with a brief discussion by the 
company's management on the Q1 FY 2027 performance, followed by a question-and-answer 
session. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
We have with us today Mr. Ashish Dikshit, Managing Director; Mr. Suraj Bahirwani, CEO, 
Pantaloons; and Mr. Jagdish Bajaj, CFO. I want to thank the management team on behalf of all 
the participants for taking their valuable time to be with us. 
 
I must remind you that today's discussion may include certain forward-looking statements and 
therefore must be viewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. Please restrict 
your questions to the quarter performance and to the strategic questions only. Housekeeping 
questions can be dealt separately with the IR team.  
With that, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Jagdish Bajaj. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for the Q1 FY 2027 
earnings call of Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited. From a demand perspective, the 
environment remained broadly stable and largely in line with trends seen over the last few 
quarters. Within the period, consumer traction was relatively better in May, while June reflected 
the market dynamics in the lead up to the market-wide end of season sale. 
 
Overall, consumption trends remained steady across categories and channels. Occasion-led 
consumption, however, saw some moderation as Adhik Maas impacted the peak wedding season 
and consequently led to lower wedding-related purchases. Against this backdrop, ABFRL 
sustained its double-digit growth momentum with healthy traction across key businesses, 
underscoring the resilience and strength of our diversified portfolio. 
 
Our retail channel, in particular, remained strong across the portfolio, supported by upgraded 
merchandise, sharper assortments, improved in-store experience, and sustained consumer 
engagements.  
Now moving to the financial performance of the quarter. ABFRL reported revenue of INR2,026 
crores, registering an 11% Y-o-Y growth. Over the years, ABFRL has built a large, diverse 
portfolio comprising both large established businesses and newer growth platforms. 
 
Our established portfolio includes businesses such as Pantaloons, the TCNS, our designer-led 
brands, and The Collective and Mono-Brand businesses. Alongside these, over the last 4 to 5 
years, we have incubated and scaled several new businesses, including TMRW, Galeries 
Lafayette, OWND, and Tasva.  

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (ABFRL) 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Viewed through this lens, both our established and newer businesses contributed meaningfully 
to growth during the quarter. 
 
Our established businesses delivered steady high-single digit growth. Importantly, this growth 
was accompanied by margins that remained broadly stable compared with the same period last 
year, reflecting the underlying strength and resilience of these businesses.  
At the same time, our newer businesses continued to scale strongly, delivering around 30% Y-
o-Y growth, supported by the expansion of the retail footprint and continued investment in 
building these businesses for the long term. 
 
Moving to profitability, EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR167 crores with a margin of 8.2%. 
The Y-o-Y decline largely reflects lower treasury income, along with continued investment in 
scaling our newer businesses. Excluding treasury income, EBITDA increased Y-o-Y, reflecting 
better operating performance on a comparable basis. 
 
At a segment level, the ethnic businesses maintained broadly stable EBITDA, while TMRW 
continued to demonstrate improvement in its profitability trajectory with Y-o-Y EBITDA losses 
narrowing during the quarter. Reported loss for the quarter stood at INR249 crores, compared to 
a loss of INR234 crores in the corresponding period last year, primarily due to higher Ind AS 
depreciation and finance costs associated with new store openings. 
 
Coming to the balance sheet and cash position. At the standalone level, we ended the quarter 
with gross cash of approximately INR1,000 crores. The deployment of this cash remained 
broadly in line with priorities and framework that we outlined during the previous investor call. 
We are confident that this cash is enough for us to fund the businesses for next 2 years, with 
annual cash funding requirement of INR500 crores to INR550 crores. And by FY 2029 and '30, 
we expect the business to be FCF positive. 
 
On our retail network expansion, we continued to follow a calibrated and measured approach to 
expansion. At the end of the quarter, our portfolio comprised 1,286 stores, spanning more than 
7.9 million square feet of retail space. During the quarter, we added more than 45 stores across 
the portfolio, with expansion focused on markets and brands where we continue to see attractive 
long-term growth opportunities. Now let me brief you on the performance of individual 
segments. 
 
Coming to the Pantaloons segment. Revenue for the quarter stood at INR1,204 crores, 
registering a 10% Y-o-Y growth. EBITDA margin came in at 15.9%, lower than the previous 
year, largely reflecting the continued scaled up of OWND. The Pantaloons business delivered 
another solid quarter, with revenue growing 7%, supported by a healthy 4% like-to-like growth. 
 
The Pantaloons strategy continues to progress well, with sharper merchandise, improved fashion 
relevance, and the new retail identity driving better consumption traction. Digital momentum 
remained healthy, further extending the overall omni-channel proposition. OWND delivered 
55% Y-o-Y growth, primarily led by network expansion and increasing consumer traction. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (ABFRL) 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
During the quarter, we added 10 new stores across the segment, comprising 1 Pantaloons store 
and 9 OWND stores as we continue to expand the network in key markets.  
Turning to our ethnic portfolio, it is one of the most comprehensive portfolios with annual 
revenue more than INR2,200 crores. This business in Q1 reported revenue of INR454 crores, 
registering a 4% Y-o-Y growth while margins remained broadly stable. 
 
This growth is to be seen in context of higher wedding dates in Q1 last year, and the impact of 
Adhik Maas on occasion wear related purchases this year. Some of our designer wear businesses 
also got impacted due to lower wedding purchases in context of global disruptions, where the 
order book went down. Despite all this, the portfolio delivered a healthy 5% like-to-like growth, 
reflecting the underlying strength of the brands and their consumer proposition. 
 
As you are aware, our ethnic portfolio comprises 2 distinct segments, designer-led brands and 
premier ethnic. Within the designer-led portfolio, the business continued to deliver profitable 
growth during the quarter, supported by strong category extension, differentiated collections, 
and high-impact collaborations. Overall, the portfolio grew at a high-single digit growth rate. 
 
Now within the premier ethnic wear brand, TCNS, the retail revenue grew 10% Y-o-Y, 
supported by low single-digit like-to-like growth and network expansion, with 8 new stores 
added during the quarter. However, the non-retail channels de-grew in pursuit of building them 
profitably. The portfolio continues to sharpen its product propositions with greater granularity 
in assortments and a broader merchandise grid designed to cater to a wide range of occasions 
and consumer needs. 
 
Alongside measured retail expansion, these initiatives are beginning to strengthen the underlying 
business, and we remain confident of building momentum and narrowing full-year losses. Tasva 
delivered robust growth of 35% Y-o-Y, with double-digit like-to-like growth, marking the eighth 
consecutive quarter of positive LTL performance. 
 
The brand continues to strengthen its proposition through sharper product differentiation and 
greater regional relevance, driving healthy consumer traction and helping it gain market share 
across key wedding markets. Tasva's retail footprint now stands at 90 stores, and we continue to 
expand its distribution in key occasion wear market going forward.  
Moving to luxury retail, The Collective and Mono-Brand portfolio maintained healthy 
momentum, delivering double-digit Y-o-Y growth, strong like-to-like performance together 
with sustained e-commerce traction supported the quarter. 
 
The network stood at 51 stores at the end of the period following the addition of 3 new stores. 
Galeries Lafayette continued to progress well following its launch last November. We are seeing 
a steady improvement across key operating indicators alongside growing brand awareness and 
consumer engagement. 
 
A series of high-impact brand and celebrity collaborations has also helped drive footfall and 
reinforce Galeries Lafayette's positioning as a differentiated luxury retail destination in India. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (ABFRL) 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Turning to TMRW, primary sales grew 11% Y-o-Y, while secondary sales increased at a faster 
pace of 16%, reflecting healthy underlying consumer demand. Importantly, cash losses narrowed 
further during the quarter, benefiting from improving operating leverage and greater scale 
efficiencies. 
 
We will continue to drive the trajectory going forward as well with a clear path to achieving 
brand-level cash profitability over the next 12 to 18 months. At the same time, TMRW continues 
to strengthen its omni-channel footprint, adding more than 20 stores during the quarter. 
Including Wrogn, the portfolio now operates over 140 stores across key markets nationwide, 
providing a stronger platform for the next phase of growth. 
 
In conclusion, the quarter saw us carry forward the momentum built from the preceding period 
with healthy growth across several parts of the portfolio. While we remain mindful of the 
evolving consumer or macro environment, we will continue to navigate it with discipline and 
agility, taking appropriate actions as required. Our diversified portfolio strategy continues to 
play out in line with our expectations. 
 
Our established businesses remain on a steady growth trajectory, supported by strong brands, 
improving consumer propositions, and disciplined execution. At the same time, our newer 
businesses are getting scaled and building stronger market positions with a clear focus on 
improving operating leverage and progressively reducing losses as they move towards greater 
maturity. As we look ahead, our priorities remain clear. 
 
Sustain growth in our established businesses with better margins, scale our new platforms 
responsibly, strengthen profitability, and maintain a disciplined approach to capital allocation. 
We'll also closely look at areas to bring in efficiency and leverage to make sure the overall 
profitability is enhanced.  
We expect the losses to narrow going forward and to build a business that is sizable and 
profitable in context of the large market opportunity that is the fashion and lifestyle space in 
India. Thank you, and happy to take questions now. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Garima Mishra with Kotak Securities. 
Garima Mishra: 
First question is on the Pantaloons segment. Revenue for the segment scaled pretty fast this 
quarter, and presumably most of this is on account of OWND. So what is the consumer response 
to this format, and how much of the segment revenue and EBITDA contribution was on account 
of OWND in 1Q? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Thanks, Garima. As we have given in the IR deck, Pantaloons' business grew 7-7.5% this quarter 
of the total segment growth of 10%, and the remaining was from OWND. So 2%, 2.5% of 
segment growth incrementally came from OWND. So Pantaloons also did show pretty decent 
growth this quarter. As far as the profitability is concerned, OWND still continues to be in an 
investment phase and therefore profitability mostly driven by Pantaloons. In fact, OWND has 
taken away some of the segment profit. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (ABFRL) 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Garima Mishra: 
All right. And Ashish, in terms of consumer response to the format, and also what are your 
expectations in terms of store additions for this format? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So at this stage, Garima, we are sort of still watching the format in terms of its adequate 
profitability. We have still not achieved the format level profitability, which perhaps will take 
some time. We will probably add more stores towards the second half of the year. For the first 
half, I think our expansion plan is about 20, 22 stores. 
Garima Mishra: 
All right. Got it. Second question is on TMRW. Now in 1Q, TMRW witnessed a slower scale-
up of revenue, especially compared with last year. So what is the strategy here, and should we 
expect this sort of momentum of revenues to sustain in the near term? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So Garima, if you look at TMRW over last several quarters, the business has been growing close 
to 25% annually over last 3 years. Last year, same quarter was much higher, about 35%. On top 
of that, this quarter, there is a significant difference between secondary and primary, and that's 
why we've reported both. 
 
While primary has grown only by 11%, the secondary revenue has grown by about 16%, 17%. 
We expect TMRW to continue to be on 20% plus revenue growth rate for the year. The business 
is gaining both momentum and is reducing the losses. And this year, therefore, is a significant 
year in TMRW's journey. 
Garima Mishra: 
Okay. Maybe the last question from me. See the actually, absolute net loss for the quarter was 
still high. So should we assume that FY27 remains a year of investments, and then we start 
seeing improved profitability only FY28 onwards? Also, I think Jagdish did give the gross cash 
number, which I missed. So would appreciate if I could get both the period-ending cash and debt 
numbers. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So in terms of profitability, I'll let Jagdish comment later, Garima, we had indicated that over 
next 2 years, our losses will reduce. This quarter probably doesn't reflect it to that extent, but on 
an annual basis we will have lower losses this year, and '28 will probably be even lower losses. 
We had indicated that '29 is the year when portfolio will become fully profitable, and that's really 
the trajectory that we are on. 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
And Garima, on cash, I said that when I started the year with roughly INR1,150 crores, INR1,200 
crores cash, now I have INR1,000 crores approximately. By year-end, I will have around 
INR500 crores. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
This is the standalone cash. 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
Standalone cash. And you are aware that TMRW has already raised INR500 crores for their 
growth plan, so we don't have to contribute to them now. 
Moderator:  
The next question comes from the line of Tejash Shah with Avendus Spark Institutional Equities. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (ABFRL) 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Tejash Shah: 
Couple of questions. First, on Pantaloons, the format LTL has moderated from 14% to 4% this 
quarter. To large extent, you also called out that Adhik Maas kind of played spoilsport. So if you 
adjust for that period, how this number would look for the rest of the period? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So Tejash, fluctuated fair bit during the quarter. First, to sort of give context to 14% of Q4, we 
had mentioned in the Q4 call that was -- a part of that was because of the shift in EOSS, and we 
had called out from November onwards, which is almost the second half of the year, the business 
had grown with like-to-like of 7%, 7.5%. That is the sort of like-to-like trajectory we were in. 
 
We started with a little bit lower April. May was much better with significant double digits, but 
June again came down. Therefore, the full quarter ended up being more modest at about 4%. We 
hope that as we go forward, the rest of the year, we'll be able to improve it and to get the annual 
like-to-like growth in at least high single digits. 
Tejash Shah: 
Sure. And Ashish, how to read the consumer demand sentiment, because when we look at 
jewellery, it has been robust, obviously helped by gold prices. In pockets also, value retailers 
would have done well, and very broader discretionary also sentiments are mixed. So just your 
read on the demand on the ground. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So from our perspective, I think, I would still say demand has been quite steady and, I wouldn't 
say strong, but quite steady even this quarter. And therefore, the fear that demand might reverse 
or slow down hasn't been seen as of now. But as you know, we are moving to a slightly more 
inflationary phase in the second half of the year, so we'll have to keep watching on how that 
plays out.  
For us, in terms of revenue growth, this quarter was more impacted by we have a large share of 
wedding wear businesses between our designers and some of the premium brands in ethnic wear. 
And that business was impacted by very specific marriage date related issues and a longer Adhik 
Maas, etcetera, which is more pronounced in our business. But I would say if I were to look at 
overall demand more reflected, both by industry performance and by rest of our portfolio, I 
would say this quarter at least the demand stood reasonably well. 
Tejash Shah: 
Sure. The last one, if I may. On OWND, as we reached -- we have these 90 stores now, what are 
the early markers giving you confidence that we have found the right product market brand fit, 
and how should, like, one as an external observer like us, how should we get that confidence 
that this is the model that we are backing now to the fullest, and we have found that right sweet 
spot on the space? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So there are a couple of things that we are internally sort of measuring, clearly like-to-like, gross 
margin and sell-through are 3 parameters that give you a reflection of how any retail format 
works. We haven't got to a point where we are pressing an accelerator in this format. We still 
have some work to be done. We have a new management team which has come in. 
 
We have dedicated the business separated from Pantaloons management and created a whole 
new team. Over the next 3 to 5 months, we will closely watch where some of the changes that 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (ABFRL) 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
we are bringing in the format, how they play out. At this point of time, we are not growing it as 
aggressively as you know we are capable of in terms of expanding the business. 
 
We'll continue to, I would say, a large part of this year will continue to be getting the format 
right. And the best reflection would be store profitability, where we're just about breaking even. 
I think we need to do better than that and get to slightly better profitability before we press the 
pedal. 
Moderator:  
The next question comes from the line of Archana Menon, an Individual Investor. 
Archana Menon: 
This is Archana Menon from Morgan Stanley. My first question was on the TCNS business. So 
just want to get a better understanding about the performance this quarter, because there seems 
to be a difference between the reported revenue growth and the retail growth. And even for the 
retail growth, when I look at the LTL numbers, it seems to have come down from the 7%, 8% 
growth last 2 quarters, to 2% this quarter. So just wanted to understand what has led to this. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
You're saying -- you're right. I think we've had very consistent, almost double-digit growth for 
4 to 5 quarters. This is one of the quarters in which the like-to-like trajectory has remained low, 
which is about 2%. So I would say overall, not a very good quarter for the business. The overall 
growth is marginally lower than last year -- overall number was marginally lower than last year. 
 
A part of it was we had, as you know, previous 12 to 15 months, we've been reducing old 
inventory. There was a lot of liquidation set into that base. So while our growth has come down, 
our margin is slightly better than last year at the same time. But I think, I have to say that with 
just 2% like-to-like, this has been a somewhat disappointing quarter from organic performance. 
Archana Menon: 
How should we be thinking about this for the rest of the year, both in terms of LTL and new 
store openings? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
New store openings, we look at, I think about 35 to 40 stores, probably at an overall level, which 
would be about close to 10% of space addition because these stores are slightly bigger. We're 
improving the retail performance. But like-to-like, we'll have to get back to high single digit and 
early double digit. There's a lot of work happening in contemporizing the brand, infusion, greater 
element of fusion, and contemporariness from traditional ethnic wear. And -- so you'll see a lot 
of it plays out in the second half of the year. 
Archana Menon: 
Understood. And on the core Pantaloons business, so ex of OWND, could you help us 
understand how the profitability for the Pantaloons brand has been moving? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So the Pantaloons brand, as you know, has been operating close to 18% EBITDA as we used to 
report at some point separately. I think the business performance is pretty much similar to last 
year's. Growth is 7%, but EBITDA margins are in a similar region. It's OWND, which is pulling 
it down for the segmental margin to be marginally lower. 
Archana Menon: 
Understood. And last question from me on the inflation. What is the kind of inflation that you 
are seeing for both Pantaloons and OWND? And have any price hikes already been taken? So 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (ABFRL) 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
the point I am trying to figure out is how should we be thinking about margins for both 2Q and 
for the second half? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So there is inflation of close to 4% plus, which is there in both the businesses. OWND, at this 
point, we are still sort of getting the format proposition right, so I am less worried about it. I 
think in the -- we have not got a stable margin as yet. In Pantaloons, we have chosen to keep the 
price hike to much smaller part of this and not impact the customer because the rest of the basic 
proposition was working very well. 
 
We think it is a transient phase for price increases in raw material, and therefore we have not 
passed on a large part of it. Half of it is passed on. The rest half, we have kept it. We hope to 
recover it through better sell-through, higher sales. But some of the margins at a gross margin 
level certainly will be impacted as we go into the second half. 
Moderator:  
The next question comes from the line of Abhijeet Kundu with Antique Stock Broking. Since 
the line of the current participant has dropped, we move to the next participant, that is Devanshu 
Bansal with Emkay Global Financial Services. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sir, I wanted to understand the growth, which we can anticipate for the ethnic segment for this 
full year. So TCNS obviously is slow, but I guess that is only 40% of the business, right? So in 
the rest 60% of the business, what is the growth rate that we can anticipate? As I understand that 
designer brands was due to shift or slow wedding season this time around. But overall, if you 
could just highlight what's your expectation for this year from ethnic segment. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So Devanshu, you're right. I think quarter one was very significantly impacted both by fewer 
wedding dates as well as the international travelers and weddings not happening enough, which 
has affected our designer wear part of the business. We expect this segment to perform 20% plus 
at an overall level, despite some of the drag which the TCNS portfolio currently has, which we 
expect to come back to at least early double-digit kind of growth. 
 
Overall portfolio should be north of 20% for full year. This year is somewhat skewed in terms 
of H2 versus H1. So while Q1 and to some extent even Q2, and Q2 more so because of the shift 
in festival dates, nothing to do with wedding. H2 is likely to be significantly higher than H1 for 
the entire ethnic portfolio. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Okay. So despite 40% of the business being flattish and even in H1 overall maybe in single 
digits, you are anticipating that overall we may deliver 20% growth, right, in FY27 for this ethnic 
segment? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes, for the full portfolio. Yes. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Okay. And Ashish, currently for… 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Sorry, just to add to that, Devanshu, that TCNS growth to some extent is also impacted by a 
large liquidation that we're doing, which I was responding to Garima's question earlier in the 
call. Some of the bases to that extent are unhealthy, and that's one of the reasons why TCNS, 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (ABFRL) 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
while may not show that higher growth as rest of the portfolio, it'll be healthier growth this time 
around. Sorry, you can go back to the next question. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
So Ashish, for Galeries Lafayette, what is the revenue run rate currently? And sub-part to it, 
what is the overall investment that were made in this business? And what is the current level of 
operational loss also that you can sort of anticipate because it is in initial years? So if you could 
throw some light here. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Devanshu, you know we don't give this level of detail for each business, but you're right, I think 
the business is still operationally loss-making because the overheads do not cover the size of the 
business in its early stages. What I would say is between our The Collective business and 
Galeries Lafayette, we expect to break even, if not in the -- at least in the second half of this year 
at a total level, which is a combined level. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Okay. And last question, Ashish. So we acquired, or maybe the TMRW portfolio had this brand, 
Berrylush, which has been recently acquired by Snitch. So if you could throw some light because 
this business was expected to be this way, right? So that we acquire at certain valuation and then 
sort of improve and scale and then sell it off, right? So have we been able to create some value 
in this particular transaction? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
No, Devanshu. I think just to correct you, we did have an intention to, but we didn't complete 
the transaction for Berrylush, which is about 3, 4 years back. It was never a part of our TMRW's 
portfolio. So whatever has happened is outside our portfolio. In TMRW we have not either sold 
or shut any of the businesses. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it. So this brand itself was not acquired at that point in time. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes. 
Moderator:  
The next question comes from the line of Sameer Gupta with IIFL Capital. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Sir, firstly on TCNS, I know it has been asked multiple times during this call, but we acquired 
the brand in October of 2023, and it has on an overall basis seen consecutive year of decline. 
Now I understand that when you acquired it, it wasn't in the best of health. But 2.5 years now, 
we are still cleaning up the non-retail portion. So, one, why is this cleanup taking more time? 
And, two, by when do we envisage this to be completed so that overall business can then return 
to a healthy growth trajectory? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
I think we've got to that point now. There was a lot of cleanup, which had to be done with the 
old inventory, both in terms of quality and design sensibility. That shift has been going on. It did 
take time for us to understand the extent of challenges the business had, and as you know, fashion 
supply chain is a little longer than other categories, and therefore, even when you find that out, 
the change takes longer. But I think we are past that. We are behind that phase, and we expect 
that from this season onwards, which is festive period this year onward, we'll start to turn the 
business around. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (ABFRL) 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it. And with the renewed profitability that you have basically got to in this brand when the 
scale-up happens eventually. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Sorry, I couldn't get that. Was that a question? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Basically the profitability that has improved with this cleanup. On that profitability only you 
would want to scale up, and there is no risk to profitability as you scale up, right? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes, yes, absolutely. We'll only scale up to the extent that profitability of the business is good. 
There's no hurry or need to scale up beyond that. I think we've taken quite some time to fix the 
business. We would like to scale up only the quality and profitable part of the business. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it, sir. Second question is on TMRW. Now, again, this has also been asked, but maybe you 
can also elaborate on the specific points. 16% secondary growth for a portfolio where the 
expectation is 20% plus, and this is probably the least impacted from lower weddings or Adhik 
Maas. So any particular reason why the growth has been, even on a secondary basis, below 
expectations this quarter? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
I don't think quarter-on-quarter it varies. Last year also, full year was close to 35%, while quarter 
one was close to 40%. So you have a base effect in some quarters. You have to -- I think the 
business has delivered a consistent 25% revenue growth for last several years. I think we are still 
on a good turf to deliver that kind of revenue growth. 
 
I mean, at this point of time, I'm not worried about one quarter being slightly lower. I agree with 
you, this business doesn't have the impact of wedding dates or any of those things, and therefore, 
organically this should deliver 20% plus growth. 
Sameer Gupta: 
That's pretty helpful. I mean, quarterly vagaries can happen. Just was looking if there was any 
specific that happened. But yes -- I mean, that's clear enough. Last question, if I may squeeze in. 
Again it has been asked, but on Galeries Lafayette, what kind of annual revenue run rate you are 
envisaging for FY27? That would be helpful just from a modeling perspective. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Just let it get to some -- let it see at least one season, I would say, before we comment on the 
number. As you know, we opened after the season last year. The store was opened. We've just 
gone through 6 months. Give us at least one full season so that we have a good sense of the 
revenue base. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Secondly, on Galeries Lafayette only, in an interview or media report, we read that you plan to 
put up another Galeries Lafayette every 2 years. So just wanted a clarification from your end. Is 
that the plan, or we would want to just first gauge the performance of this one store before putting 
up more investment here? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
No, I think if you read the full interview where it was covered. This is about after the business 
settles down, we have the opportunity to open a store in some part of the country every 2 or 3 
years. That was the comment. So to correct that, at this stage we are focused on getting our 
Bombay right. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (ABFRL) 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
 
I think over the next 2 to 3 years, our goal will be to get a Delhi store coming, which would be 
-- which as you know, is the largest market in the luxury space, and therefore that would be our 
next step. Once these two start to deliver and come to some level of performance, we look to 
extend beyond that. But that's going into fifth and seventh years of the business. 
Moderator:  
The next question comes from the line of Abhijeet Kundu with Antique Stock Broking. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
My first question was on Pantaloons. Pantaloons, we have seen the facade changing, quite a bit 
of work done on the visual merchandising part. So in all the stores which are a bit old and have 
been changed, what has been the kind of footfall changes or revenue growth in those stores? 
And what are the targets in terms of store addition in Pantaloons? That is my first question. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So you're right. I think there are 2 things happening. One is our new stores -- Pantaloons stores 
are distinctively superior in every dimension, visual merchandising, store layout, the facade, the 
quality of location and the size, etcetera, which is the new store. There is also a constant and a 
steady sort of renovation happening of the older stores, where we are doing a limited amount of 
change, which is possible in an older store, which is around the facade, cleaning up some of the 
display, improving visual merchandising, changing the displays, reducing inventory. 
 
Those stores on a pre-and-post basis are delivering distinctively higher level of performance for 
us to give confidence, and which is why the new store -- the number of stores that we are 
renovating is moving much faster. At this point of time, I think close to 150 odd stores of the 
network, which contribute to more than half the revenue, is something which has undergone 
change. 
 
And we are confident that as we press this harder over the next few years, we'll be able to change 
the shape of experience of all the Pantaloons stores. But the focus right now is on larger, more 
impactful, high revenue generating stores, which is where the work is. As far as the net store 
addition -- the store addition is concerned, we expect to add 20 stores this year. New stores, that 
is. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Okay, sir. Got it. Sorry, if you're saying something. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
I was saying there may be some closures as well, which we take a call post festive period. But I 
was talking some 20 new stores. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Understood. On the ethnic business and also on the TMRW business. Within ethnic, which are 
the parts which are profitable and which is the part -- which is dragging down profit? Is it just 
TCNS and Tasva? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
TCNS, Tasva, which are pulling it down, yes. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Others are all profitable. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes, others are profitable. Designer portfolio is profitable. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (ABFRL) 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Okay. And why is that Tasva has not yet seen profitability? Is the scale of operations still low? 
Rentals are higher. What is pulling down the profitability? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
I think the scale of operation is the one that we need to get. We're still at about 200-odd crores 
last year. The business is growing very well. It's growing at 35% to 40%. Wherever we are, we 
are creating an impact and significant share in the market. So we're very confident about the 
format. The stores are doing well. The consumer response is very good. It took us some time to 
sort of master the supply chain and the product architecture. But I think all that is in place. Now 
it's a function of just growing the format. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
And what should be the revenue which would make Tasva profitable? Going ahead, what should 
we look at? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
I think double of where we are, between INR400 crores to INR500 crores. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Understood. And in TMRW, again, lot of mixture of brands and perhaps got fresh investment. 
But what would be the levers of profit improvement in TMRW? Same, the scale of operations? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
No. TMRW has 3 levers. One is definitely growth. This is a high growth business. We expect 
this to grow organically 20%, 25%. You heard my response to previous questions. So this 
portfolio, as the consumers, particularly young consumers, shop more and more online, has to 
have strong organic growth. So one is operating leverage coming out of that, which is scale. But 
this also has a shift in terms of gross margin profile of many of these brands. 
 
Many of these brands operated at much lower price points, had inferior unit economics. So that's 
the work team has done over the last 2 years, 2.5 years, which is in a very short sort of way, we 
are converting what we're promising but smaller brands into meaningfully large brands, 
premiumizing the product, expanding the categories that they're playing in, improving the 
sourcing advantage. 
 
So that's the second, which will probably show up both in the gross margin and the price 
increases that these businesses are able to take to improve their unit economics, which is 
different from scale. And the third part is really around the cost. As you know, these businesses 
have been acquired. Many of them are run by founders and their teams. 
 
Over a period of time, as these businesses scale up, and we had also built a large team which is 
adding value, whether it's in design and sourcing or technology or digital marketing. So many 
of these will start to play out from a cost-leverage point of view as the organization starts to 
scale and starts to become one organization. So all 3 levers are there, and that's really why it will 
take a year and two before we get all this right. 
 
But it's pretty much on a good, strong growth trajectory. This quarter is the first quarter where 
we have started to see the losses also coming down. We hope that this trajectory, and we expect 
this trajectory to keep going over the next couple of quarters so that on an annual basis, losses 
drop while we continue to hold the momentum as far as the revenue is concerned. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (ABFRL) 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Moderator:  
The next question comes from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala with Elara Capital. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
I wanted to understand this Pantaloons format. You mentioned that there could be some inflation 
impact while you would not take price hikes. Do you see the discounting in the system going 
down to combat inflation? And what is the full price sales for today versus what is expected 
going forward? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So I don't think inflation necessarily leads to discounting. Discounting is often a function of 
mismatch between sales expectation, inventory buildup versus the actual performance. So I don't 
see the second half of the year reflecting in higher discounting because very rarely in fashion 
industry, discounting is a competitive sort of lever. 
 
It's very often the correction lever as far as the inventory is concerned. As we said, one of the 
reasons to not increase prices in line with the cost increase was, we believe this customer is ready 
only for a very marginal increase in her shopping habits, and therefore we are trying to maintain 
the volumes at this level. 
 
And therefore, hopefully, there'll be no discounting while there might be initial sort of small 
negative hit on the margins, which is at a gross margin level. But through keeping the throughput 
superior, managing the inventory well, the overall margins we hope to continue to keep at the 
same level. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood. And what will be your expansion plans for Tasva, given that the growth rates are 
now steady around 30% plus for many quarters, and the format continues to become steady now. 
So any aggressive expansion plans over there to reach the higher volume revenues that it would 
require to become profitable? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So this year, our plan is to add 25, 30 stores on a current network of about 90-odd stores, which 
is a 30% expansion of network, and growth rate to be in line with that, which is pretty much 
what you saw in this quarter, 35% year-on-year growth. A large part of it came because last year 
also, we had expanded the network about 20, 25 stores. So this year is slightly higher, but -- I 
mean, 25, 30 is perhaps the right balance of growth. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
And what would be the like-for-like in this format? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So far because the business -- I mean, last couple of quarters, we are getting in, I would say, 
mid-teens like-to-like growth for fairly large period. In many cases, the format was relatively 
new, so therefore, we also saw many a stores in 30%, 40% where the baseline gets established. 
Typically, what we are seeing is store takes 6 to 9 months to sort of get to a level where first 
year, 1.5 years, you see 20%, 25% growth after that. But it takes that much time to get started. 
As the network is still very young, we continue to see high double-digit like-to-like growth. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood. In TMRW, why can't you grow a little higher growth rate? Because if I see the top 
line of the segment, it's around INR200 crores for the quarter. So annualizing, it should be around 
INR800 crores, INR1,000 crores divided between 6 brands. So ideally, the growth should be 
30% plus. That's how most of the D2C brands are growing, which are of a size less than INR200 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (ABFRL) 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
crores or INR300 crores. Could you help us understand which brands are growing maybe faster 
than 20%, 25%, and which brands are growing and what is driving the growth for the mature, a 
little larger brand in the portfolio? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So honestly, our growth rate for the large part of the business is in excess of 30%. I mean, if you 
leave away this quarter, if you go back and check previous 4, 5, 6 quarters, the growth rate is 
much closer to what you are indicating, which is 30%, 35%. In fact, if you look at last year, on 
a full year basis itself our growth rate was 35%. So this quarter is a little bit of an aberration. I 
don't want you to take that as a shift in base. It's a sort of marginal blip on an otherwise strong 
30% plus growth performance. 
 
The reason I'm sort of talking of 20%, 25% at this point of time, because as we gain scale, we're 
also looking to improve their unit economics, which is on profitability, cost of customer 
acquisition, etcetera, which might moderate from mid-30s to mid-20s or late 20s. And that's 
really the indication that we want to give because one of the tasks for this portfolio is also to 
improve profitability of the business apart from the organic growth. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
So when do we see the profitability, the segment earnings profitability as per your plan of growth 
and unit economics becoming better? We just wanted to… 
Ashish Dikshit: 
We've said several times, FY29 is the year where we expect TMRW to sort of come. Between 
'29 to '30 is when we believe that this business will become profitable. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
And which brands currently are profitable, if any, and which will be the first ones to get 
profitable in your opinion? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So I think at a brand level, 2 out of 6 brands are already profitable. We will look to expand that 
portfolio. I really don't want to give individual brand level numbers. These are small brands at 
an overall level. So still most of the brands -- our big brands are between INR200 crores, INR300 
crores. The smaller brands are INR100 crores -- around INR100 crores. So at a brand level, we 
are close to achieving profitability in most of the brands except two at this point of time. 
 
It's the overall profitability which also includes the overheads outside the brands, which is the 
corporate overheads. We've built a capability at the center level on technology, on digital 
marketing, on sourcing and design. So it needs to come to a level where brand level profitability 
also adequately covers that, and that's why we're talking about '29, '30 as the year for it to come 
through. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood. Last question is on capex. What is the capex plan for this year and next year, and 
how it is split between stores and non-store expansions and expenses? 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
Prerna, we have indicated approximately INR450 crores, including capex and the working 
capital needs of all our businesses this year. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So about INR300 plus crores is the capex. 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
Capex, which will go into new stores plus our renovation stores of PT and others. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (ABFRL) 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Moderator:  
The next question comes from the line of Aditya Soman with CLSA. 
Aditya Soman: 
Sir, 2 questions. One, in premium ethnic wear brand, I see that obviously the growth for both 
Jaypore and Tasva is well ahead of the rest of ethnic. Is this just a function of the brands being 
relatively new and the stores being relatively new, or is there sort of a differentiation you are 
seeing in growth between the sort of mass and mid end and the premium end? That's one. 
 
The second question on, we've seen several of your competitors launch their own sort of quick 
delivery initiatives. Is this something you're looking to do, or how has the response been for you 
if you're listing on any of the other platforms? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Aditya, Jaypore and Tasva are still very small in terms of its size, and while we are happy with 
the growth rate that they have, it's coming off a much smaller base that these businesses have. 
They're still in a growth phase, and therefore, those numbers at this point of time are looking 
much stronger than some of the mature businesses. 
 
If you heard Jagdish's commentary, in some ways we are a company with a portfolio of 
businesses which are 20, 25 years old, strong businesses, but the growth rate has been modest 
versus multiple newer businesses or smaller businesses, either new or small, where growth rate 
is significantly higher. So I won't read anything more than that as far as that segment is 
concerned. 
 
On your question of quick commerce, I think most of our current quick commerce efforts are 
around TMRW, where we are building capability at a central level for TMRW brands because 
we expect the younger customers to probably adapt quick commerce in fashion a little faster. 
There has been internal development. We're testing in some of the cities to figure out does the 
quick commerce also drives demand in that category, and we're finding some positive traction. 
 
We also have to see the unit economics; how do we distribute inventory across multiple places. 
So this is something we're not going to rush into it. We are, of course, also participating with 
partner ecosystem, which exists, which is the third-party players in quick commerce. 
 
It's much smaller in this segment outside TMRW brands, because most of the other brands are 
either more expensive or pure retail. Pantaloons and OWND at this point of time focus on 
physical retail, and therefore that part of the segment is not exploring quick commerce other than 
small partnerships that Pantaloons is testing. Most of it is in TMRW. 
Moderator:  
The next question comes from the line of Parth Shah with Bernstein SG. 
Parth Shah: 
Am I audible? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes, you are. 
Parth Shah: 
Just wanted to check again on the input cost side. I think you mentioned there's a 4% inflation 
that you've seen, at least in some parts. So wanted to understand, do we see incremental effects 
occurring in 2Q or the second half of the year as well, or is this largely sort of already done for 
the overall portfolio? 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (ABFRL) 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Ashish Dikshit: 
No. In fact, quarter one has not seen much of the cost pressure, so most of it is likely to be in Q2 
and Q3 at this point of time. 
Parth Shah: 
Got it. We expect some pressure on margins there. You said you will most likely not be taking 
a lot of price increases as of now? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes. Yes, because the question is more on Pantaloons and OWND, which is value add to the 
business. We will have to absorb some of these increases. 
Parth Shah: 
Got it. On the value end, like you said, you mentioned competitive intensity being pretty high as 
well. So wanted to understand, is this just there being more number of players? Is there more 
discounting happening right now because of sales being slower? And within that context also, if 
there is a difference you're seeing across larger cities versus tier 2 towns, anything on that you 
can share. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So I don't think I mentioned competitive intensity. I don't think it came up in previous questions. 
But yes, there are some multiple players, but then the size of the pie and the size of the market 
is significantly large in this space. So you will see multiple plays playing out over a period of 
time. Right now, we are very small with less than 100 stores in a potentially very, very large 
market. So we are more focused internally on getting our economics right at this point of time. 
Parth Shah: 
Okay, got it. Just one last quick one. I probably missed this, but from TMRW, what was the 
store addition that we're expecting since you said that like would be around mid-teens, around 
5% to 10% would be right, or any other number there? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Okay. Again, I don't know where TMRW's store addition. You're talking TMRW or some other 
brand? 
Parth Shah: 
Yes. TMRW, I think you mentioned in the presentation that… 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Okay. You're referring to the presentation. 
Parth Shah: 
Channel has been doing well. Yes. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes. So we have close to 140 stores TMRW because we do want to convert these brands into 
truly omni-channel brands with large digital and online play but complement it with a reasonably 
small but meaningful offline play. This year, we expect to add 75 plus stores across the portfolio 
for TMRW brands. 
Moderator:  
The next question comes from the line of Krunal Shah with Enam Asset Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Krunal Shah: 
It's Krunal from Enam Investments. Thanks. Most of my questions have been answered. Just 
one question I have. In this Collective and Mono-Brand, how has the profitability behaved ex of 
the Galeries Lafayette investment? 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (ABFRL) 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Ashish Dikshit: 
It's a steady business. The profitability has been in mid-teens to high-teens. This quarter was 
relatively lower, so it's around mid-teens. But The Collective and the Mono-Brand business has 
been very steady in that sense. 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. On behalf of the management, we 
thank all the participants for joining us. In case of any further queries, you may get in touch with 
Mr. Amit Dwivedi. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
