 
 
  
 
 
Ref: BEL/NSE/BSE/20082026           
 
    
                                                    August 20, 2026 
 
 
Listing Department                                                    Department of Corporate Services – Listing  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited             BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza,                                                          P. J. Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex,                                             Dalal Street, 
Bandra (East),                                                              Mumbai – 400 001 
Mumbai – 400 051                                                    
 
Re.: Scrip Symbol: BRIGADE/Scrip Code: 532929 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of Conference Call on the Company’s Q1 FY-2026-27 Earnings – August 14, 2026:                              
 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Conference Call on the financial and operational 
performance of the Company for Q1 FY 2026-27 held on Friday, August 14, 2026.  
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Brigade Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
P. Om Prakash 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
 
Om Prakash 
Palanimuthu
Digitally signed by Om 
Prakash Palanimuthu 
Date: 2026.08.20 
19:35:30 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Brigade Enterprises Limited 
Q1 FY27 Financial Results Conference Call” 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. M. R. JAISHANKAR – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN – 
BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
 
MS. PAVITRA SHANKAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MS. NIRUPA SHANKAR – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
– BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MR. YOGESH PATEL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MR. OM PRAKASH – COMPANY SECRETARY – 
BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MR. ROSHIN MATHEW – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MR. AMAR MYSORE – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MR. PRADYUMNA KRISHNA KUMAR – EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR – BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
. 
 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Brigade Enterprises Limited Q1 FY27 
Financial Results Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Pavitra Shankar, Managing Director of Brigade 
Enterprises Limited. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Brigade Enterprises Limited's Q1 
FY27 Earnings Call. I'm joined by the management of Brigade Group, our Executive Chairman, 
Mr. M.R. Jaishankar; Joint Managing Director, Ms. Nirupa Shankar; Executive Directors,                 
Mr. Roshin Mathew; Mr. Amar Mysore; and Mr. Pradyumna Krishna Kumar; and our CFO,               
Mr. Yogesh Patel. 
 
In Real Estate, Q1 FY27 saw consistent performance coming off a launch-led Q4 FY26. 
Although we did not have new launches in Q1, we remain on track for our FY27 guidance, 
supported by a strong launch pipeline over the coming quarters as well as contribution from our 
sustenance sales. Pan-India, residential sales were down 6% year-on-year in the same April to 
June window as per Anarock, with Bengaluru and Hyderabad among the only major cities to 
hold sales growth in the quarter, a favorable backdrop for Brigade given both our core markets. 
 
For Brigade, Q1 FY27 net sales were INR1,061 crores, 5% lower against Q1 FY26. Our 
realization though increased to INR14,256 per square foot, a strong 21% year-over-year 
improvement, driven by disciplined pricing increases in our existing projects and a positive shift 
in our product mix towards higher-value homes. 
Our planned relaunch of Brigade Morgan Heights highlighted last quarter was impacted by the 
project's environmental clearance being revoked by SEIAA. We have refunded affected 
homebuyers. Our position remains that the project land does not fall within the Pallikaranai 
marshland. 
We have approached the High Court, which in turn directed SEIAA, which is a state environment 
impact authority to file its counter affidavit and asked all authorities to maintain status quo. We 
are committed to the project and will plan the relaunch once the issue has been addressed. 
 
For the next 4 quarters, our launch pipeline stands at 16.4 million square feet, of which                       
12.4 million square feet is residential with a GDV of approximately INR13,400 crores. 
Bengaluru accounts for 4.3 million square feet, Hyderabad, 4 million, Chennai 3 million and 
Mysore 1 million square feet. Of the 4 million square feet launch pipeline for commercial, 
Bengaluru accounts for 2.6 million square feet; Chennai 1.3 million square feet and Kochi                             
0.2 million. We also have 1,700 keys of hospitality inventory in the pipeline. 
 
This pipeline gives us confidence that we remain on track for our FY27 guidance of                      
INR9,000 crores in presales with launches expected to be more back-ended into the coming 
quarters, similar to the pattern we saw in FY26. 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
On the business development front, for the residential segment, we added INR2,400 crores of 
GDV across 2.7 million square feet in projects during Q1 FY27, primarily in Hyderabad. We 
continue to monitor the macroeconomic situation in terms of the Middle East conflict and impact 
of AI, but believe that the core drivers of growth remain intact. 
 
Brigade Group's commercial office business continued to deliver resilient operating 
performance in Q1 FY27 with an operational portfolio of 8 million square feet of GLA across 
Bengaluru, Chennai, Kochi and Ahmedabad and portfolio occupancy at 88%. The business 
recorded 0.22 million square feet of gross leasing during the quarter. 
 
Leasing demand during the quarter remained broad-based, led by industrial and manufacturing, 
flexible workspace and life sciences. At the portfolio level, GCCs contributed 58% of gross 
leasing with the GCC occupier base diversified across automotive and mobility, technology, 
industrial and engineering and BFSI. IT and ITES accounts for 26% of the overall portfolio mix, 
reflecting a diversified occupier profile across the commercial office portfolio. 
 
Commercial office revenue stood at INR200 crores, while operating EBITDA margin stood at 
80% and rental collections remained robust at 99%. The business had 0.9 million square feet of 
vacant lease-up opportunities within its operational portfolio. 
 
Turning to retail. As of Q1 FY27, the Orion Mall portfolio delivered a strong performance with 
footfalls growing 11% year-on-year. The increase was driven by brand-new additions, mall-led 
experiential promotional events, along with a 20% year-on-year rise in cinema admissions. 
 
Retail sales grew 35% year-on-year, led by strong growth in destination categories. Across the 
malls, anchor retailers emerged as a key growth driver with a 64% year-on-year increase in sales 
led by new anchors, followed by F&B restaurants at 46% year-on-year and electronics at 33% 
year-on-year. 
 
Turning to hospitality. BHVL delivered a strong quarter despite geopolitical disruptions from 
the West Asia conflict by shifting focus to domestic demand. The company achieved 7% ADR 
growth, 2% occupancy growth, 9% growth in RevPAR and EBITDA and a 140% increase in 
profit from INR7 crores to INR17 crores. 
 
Domestic corporate travel, weddings and social events remained resilient, helping offset weaker 
international travel demand. While F&B revenues were impacted by softer MICE activity and 
event postponements, management views this as a temporary challenge. 
 
During the quarter, BHVL rebranded Four Points by Sheraton Kochi Infopark to Courtyard by 
Marriott Kochi Infopark and remains confident of continued ARR growth supported by strong 
demand and limited supply in its markets. 
 
Looking ahead, BHVL has a 1,700 key development pipeline, targeting 3,300 keys by FY '31. 
The company will launch Courtyard by Marriott Chennai WTC, 45 keys and part of the WTC 
Chennai campus in FY27. 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
 
Sustainability efforts continue to gain momentum with 61% of portfolio energy requirements 
now sourced from renewable energy. The current operating portfolio is entirely EDGE certified, 
a green building standard from IFC, the International Finance Corporation. 
 
With that, I will now hand over the call to Yogesh to take you through the financial performance 
for the quarter in detail. 
Yogesh Patel: 
Thank you, Pavitra. Good afternoon, and a warm welcome to all once again. To start with the 
highlights of group's financial performance for Q1 FY27. The consolidated revenue for the 
quarter gone by stood at INR1,179 crores with an EBITDA of INR425 crores. The EBITDA 
margin stood at 36% as compared to 28% in Q1 of FY26, an improvement of almost 800 basis 
points, primarily led by increase in real estate margins. 
 
The Real Estate segment clocked a turnover of INR707 crores with an EBITDA of INR150 
crores, an absolute increase of 45% from Q1 FY26. The Real Estate EBITDA margin improved 
to 21% as compared to 12% in Q1 of FY26. This improvement is led by recognition of revenue 
from projects with better margins as was expected to. 
 
The Leasing segment clocked a turnover of INR328 crores, an increase of 9% over Q1 FY26 
with an EBITDA of INR230 crores. EBITDA margin stood at 70%, which is same as what we 
clocked for full year FY26. The Hospitality segment clocked a turnover of INR144 crores with 
an EBITDA of INR45 crores. 
 
Consolidated PAT stood at INR217 crores, a year-on-year growth of 37% and a quarter-on-
quarter growth of 14%. PAT after minority interest for this quarter is INR200 crores. We have 
had an exceptional item in the quarter, a gain of INR36.6 crores at PAT level. This is due to 
reclassification of our investment in a subsidiary upon investment from Bain Capital. The said 
gain has only been consolidated at PBT and PAT level and does not impact the EBITDA measure 
as has been detailed earlier. 
 
Touching upon cash flow performance. Collections for the quarter were steady and stood at 
INR1,856 crores, a growth of 7% year-on-year. We remain confident of sustaining healthy cash 
flows in the coming quarters as well. Collections from the Real Estate segment stood at 
INR1,346 crores, an increase of 8% over Q1 FY26. 
 
Leasing segment contributed INR343 crores, a growth of 10% over previous year and the 
balance of INR167 crores came from Hospitality segment. Net cash flow from operating 
activities stood at INR354 crores, which is also a growth of 10% from Q1 FY26. 
 
Coming to debt and liquidity. We continue to have adequate liquidity and undrawn credit lines 
from banks and financial institutions to support our growth plans. Our average cost of debt for 
June '26 stands at 7.61%. As of June 30, 2026, the gross debt of the group stood at                        
INR5,305 crores, while cash and cash equivalents were INR3,087 crores. 
 
The company's net debt outstanding as of 30th June 2026 was INR2,218 crores, out of which 
Brigade Enterprises share, I mean, excluding the JV owner share would be INR1,541 crores. 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
About 86% of this debt pertains to the leasing segment, which is backed by the rental incomes 
from itself. 
The debt equity ratio at the end of the quarter stood at 0.26. We will continue to have our debt 
equity ratio well under 1x, accommodating for all the current CapEx commitments and projected 
business development spends, given these will be serviced through a combination of internal 
accruals prior to accessing debt. 
 
I will now hand it back to the moderator for questions. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Karan Khanna from AMBIT Capital. 
Karan Khanna: 
A couple of questions from my side. Firstly, Pavitra, of the 10 million square feet launches that 
are planned, just a clarification, is this for remainder of FY27 or for rolling 4 quarters? 
 
And secondly, can you provide some color on quarter-wise timings for these launches? Is there 
a risk of slippage here due to approval lag delays or any other reasons? Because even in Q1 you 
were targeting 1.5 million square feet of launches which didn't come through. And does that 3 
million square feet in Chennai also include Morgan Heights? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Karan, so the 12.36 million square feet that we mentioned is for  rolling 4 quarters. Yes, there is 
a slip over into Q1 of the next financial year. So for the remaining 3 quarters of this financial 
year, we're looking at 9.36 million square feet in FY27. And there is a 3 million square feet that 
will move into Q1 FY28. 
 
The launches in Q1 was partially because of Morgan Heights itself. We were planning to 
relaunch the project based on all the favorable movements that had happened in Q4. But since 
then, we were -- as mentioned in the opening remarks, we have not been able to get that clarity. 
Hence, we have removed Morgan Heights from any of the launch numbers that we have 
previously communicated, and it is not part of the 3 million square feet in  Chennai as well for 
the next 4 quarters. 
 
Q2 we are hoping to launch around 2.36 million square feet. And therefore, the remaining 7 
million for the financial year will come in H2. There is always the risk of approvals not coming 
in on time, but this is what we're going for. 2.36 million in Q2, the remaining 7 million in H2 
and another 3 million in Q1 FY28. And none of that will include Morgan. 
Karan Khanna: 
Sure. And just as a follow-up with Q1 sales at INR1,050 crores in your guidance of about 
INR9,000 crores. How should we think about sales velocity? Is the expectation that volumes 
will accelerate from here with upcoming launches? Or should we expect pricing mix to remain 
significant part of the presales growth? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
So we do expect more sales velocity associated with the launches. And since we are expecting 
those launches to come starting from Q2 itself, the run rate per quarter will definitely be 
increasing. 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Karan Khanna: 
My second question to you, Nirupa. And if you look at Slide 29, you launched around 4 million 
square feet of commercial properties across Bangalore and Hyderabad. Given the amount of 
CapEx still to be deployed across the commercial pipeline, can you give some visibility on the 
leasing time lines, occupancy at completion and when these projects will start becoming 
meaningful contributors to the rental EBITDA? And as a follow-up with all the expansion plans 
on the leasing front, what does steady state revenue and EBITDA look like and leverage here? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Karan, thank you for that. So the properties that were launched, about 4 million that we have 
launched in Q1 will take some time to come over the next 2 to 3 years. If I look at how the 
launches are coming to the market, we can expect about 2.5 million or so to come into the market 
by FY28. As of now for FY27, we have about 3.89 million ongoing, of which 2.85 million is 
Brigade share. 
 
And we still have some of it in the sale and in the leasing portfolio. So as I was saying, for FY27, 
we have about 3.8 million ongoing, of which 2.8 million is Brigade share. In '28, we can expect 
about 2.86 million to come into the market. In '29, smaller properties, so about 650,000 and the 
bulk of it will come in FY '30. So almost 6 million square feet will come in FY '30. 
 
So we do have some runway to lease these assets. Typically, we would like to lease assets within 
the first 6 to 8 quarters of them of getting the OC. That's typically is what we would take. In 
terms of construction yes, the spend, of course, for these CapEx items will be over the next 4 to 
5 years. And in terms of the revenue, the way in FY26, we had a total commercial, just the office 
leasing at around INR765 crores. 
 
In FY 31 and I would say over the next 5 to 6 years, we can expect a CAGR for the leasing 
revenue to increase by about 20%, and that's how we see the portfolio growing. By FY '32, I 
think we have mentioned some numbers earlier. 
Karan Khanna: 
Sure. And then lastly, on hotels, can you talk a bit about what are the near-term trends that you're 
seeing in the hotels business? And incrementally, do you foresee occupancies or ARR as the 
primary driver of growth for FY27? And with Kochi Infopark Hotel now being rebranded to 
Courtyard by Marriott, what kind of improvements in occupancies as well as ARR do you 
anticipate over here? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes. In terms of hospitality, we did see some impact of the West Asia crisis. So while we 
increased our ADR by 7% compared to Q1 of FY26 and the occupancy increased by about 2% 
from 74.5% to 76%. So we saw a total revenue increase of about 9% but we did see a hit on the 
F&B aspect of it. So while we managed to increase our EBITDA by 9%, we managed to increase 
our PAT by 140% from INR7 crores to INR17 crores. 
 
We did see some loss of business. When we track that business, we saw almost 10% reduction 
in business just because of the West Asia crisis. This was due to cancellations or postponements 
of a lot of events that were supposeto have taken place in the city. 
 
We think that this business will come back a lot stronger in H2 of this fiscal year. So we are able 
to increase our ADRs. What we did from a strategic perspective is because we anticipated the 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
reduction of foreign travel. We managed to displace a lot of the foreign travel business through 
domestic business, but some of the larger MICE businesses could not be replicated. 
 
We don't see any major cause of concern. This quarter is actually quite encouraging, and we're 
seeing some good bounce back of MICE, like I said, in the third quarter. So hopefully, it's not a 
huge cause of concern. But like I said, there was some impact in Q1. I'm not seeing any -- I do 
see the ability to keep the rates quite... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, ma'am, you are not audible. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, ma'am, you are audible now. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
I am audible now. What did you hear last. I will continue. What I was saying was that while we 
saw some impact in Q1, we expect a lot of that business to bounce back in Q3 of this fiscal year. 
In terms of Four Points by Sheraton in Kochi, yes, we rebranded it. We saw a blip in terms of 
the occupancy in the first quarter of rebranding. 
 
I think 2 reasons for that because we displaced some of the crew business. There was rebranding, 
so the systems had to identify a new hotel in place. But we are expecting -- but the bounce back 
in Q2 has been quite good. Our occupancies are back to the 70s, I would say. And because of 
the rebranding, we can expect at least a 15% to 20% increase in ADR. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Axis Capital. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
3 questions. Firstly, in terms of the H2 launches, I think we had 2 larger launches this year 
scheduled for Q4. One is Hyderabad Neopolis 2, and the Whitefield-Hoskote launch, which we 
are planning again in Q4. So the time line still remains Q4? Or has there been some 
advancements there? 
 
That's my first question. And second, on the leasing status for WTC Bangalore. We did see some 
30,000 square feet out of leasing this quarter, but how should one think about getting back to 
normal occupancy there? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Yes. On the residential launches, the Hyderabad launch, we are planning to advance that. I think 
it's looking quite likely to come much earlier than Q4. Definitely Q3, if not sooner. And the 
Whitefield Hoskote launch as well is looking like a Q3 launch for Bangalore. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Good to know. And on the leasing part WTC Bangalore? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes. On the leasing side, of course, WTC is a building that's about 1.13 million square feet. 
Brigade has about .71 million square feet of that. We have leased about 50% of that space. And 
what we have left is about 375,000 square feet of space. 
 
While we were expecting 1 or 2 large clients to come in and take up the space, what we have 
realized is the -- as the client that was existing there left, we were also hit by the West Asia crisis. 
So that has delayed some of the larger companies making large demand. 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
 
So a lot of the RFPs that we saw for 2 lakh square feet, 1 lakh square feet kind of disappeared 
or have been postponed. So what we are having to do now is to do smaller leases of 20,000 
square feet or a floor size  of 40,000 square feet. So this is how I think we will have to continue 
with the leasing because that's the kind of demand that we are getting right now. So we are taking 
whatever business we get. 
 
The good news is that we are able to increase our rentals. So we are able to get that mark-to-
market increase of at least 10% to 15%. But we believe that there is strong demand, and the idea 
is to close out the leasing in the next 3 to 4 quarters. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. Just a couple of more again, on the residential side. So I think we have 2, 3 larger projects 
in Bangalore, which are obviously not part of the current 12 months launch pipeline. So just 
want to know the status of that. First is the Cornerstone Utopia 2. 
 
Then have a 75-acre land parcel at Devanahalli and we have large land parcel at Kengeri in 
Bangalore. So if you can just provide the status of that in terms of when should one expect 
launches? Would it be next year or it might still take time for those to get unlocked? Yes. 
Pavitra Shankar: 
So on the Phase 2 of Utopia, that is something that's positive movement, and we will look at 
launching that hopefully in Q1 of next financial year. Although those numbers are not mentioned 
in the rolling 4-quarter projection that I gave. It's something that we're trying to work towards. 
When we have much further clarity in terms of approvals, we'll start incorporating those 
numbers. 
 
The second one that you mentioned was our 75-acre parcel KIADB allotment. The residential 
component of that is substantially smaller than what we had previously thought because of 
changes in the bylaws. So that will come in later in this financial year, but the component is 
much smaller, only around 3 to 4 lakh square feet that we are looking at. 
 
And finally, on the Kengeri land parcel. This is not in a position to be launched as yet. There is 
some ongoing litigation there. So the landowner is dealing with that piece, and we will eventually 
bring that to the portfolio. But right now, that is not forming part of any of the earlier numbers 
that I mentioned. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. Got it. And one last on the 4 million square feet that we've launched this quarter on the 
commercial side, what would be the rental potential? And are we all going to held -- hold those 
assets in our balance sheet? Or we are planning to sell some of those? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes. So in terms of our launches, we've launched Brigade HRC Atrium. That's still a while away. 
So we need to see what the rentals will be like closer to the launch of that. But then we have an 
industrial block, then we have Brigade United and Cauvery and the Orion Mall at Hyderabad. 
 
So all of these we plan to hold and none of these are for sale. In terms of the rental that we can 
expect to get, I think we have to wait closer to the market and when they are launched, maybe 
at least 1 year before that they launch and then we can share those details. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abhishek from Kotak Securities. 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Abhishek Khanna: 
I just had one question. Of the 2.4 million square feet of projects that you have for total, could 
you give us the list or name of the projects for us to track? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
So in terms of the Q2 launches, it's -- there is a project in Hyderabad. That's the Neopolis 2 
project. There is a project in Mysore called Misty Green, which is already launched. And there 
is a very small project in our Brigade Meadows township. It's just -- it's a senior living project 
or a senior-friendly project for which  we're waiting on the RERA for that as well. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
How large is the Neopolis project in Hyderabad? Is that... 
Pavitra Shankar: 
The Neopolis proect it is about 2 million square feet. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Okay. And just to confirm, is this likely to come in the next few days? Or could we be hitting 
the end of the quarter for this one? If you have some sense on the time lines for that one, some 
clarity maybe? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
It is this quarter. We are in the final stages of approval. So we are working on doing that within 
this Q2 itself. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Got it. One more clarification. When you say 12 million square feet of launches for the next 4 
quarters and then you also give a land bank of about 56 million, 57 million square feet. I just 
wanted to confirm, is there any other development potential that you own? Or is this sum total 
of all of the development potential that is there on Brigade's balance sheet as things stand today? 
Does that include all of the BD that you've ever done? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Yes. So whatever we are mentioning in the land bank is the entire development potential of the 
company. And we've given the detail in terms of market as well as segment in our investor 
presentation. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
And the planned launches are also part of that? Just to confirm, the 12 million square feet? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Yes. Yes. They're part of that. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Okay. And the third how is it moved to ongoing 
Pavitra Shankar: 
What happens, the way we do it is whatever is in the launch pipeline, we are communicating it 
is in the pipeline. As soon as we have RERA and launch or declare the launch from a commercial 
standpoint, we remove it from the land bank. So the land bank keeps -- there are reductions based 
on what gets launched and there are additions based on BD. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Got it. So till the time it's not launched, it's part of the land bank. Once you launch it, it will 
move to the ongoing projects. Is that right? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Correct. Correct. Yes, that's right. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Sure. So one final clarification. The reported financials for Brigade Hotel Ventures and what 
you report in the presentation for Brigade Enterprises, there's a small difference, not very 
material, but there is still a difference. Could you just highlight what is the difference between 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
that 5%, 7% in terms of the revenue as well as the subsequent numbers? Is there anything that is 
not a part of Brigade Hotel Ventures that is there in the main entity? 
Yogesh Patel: 
Yes, Abhishek, that's correct. So there are certain clubs which are run under an entity, which is 
BHSL, Brigade Hospitality Services Limited, which is a subsidiary of BEL. So that is part of 
Hospitality segment, but from an entity perspective is a BEL. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
It's not in BHVL? All right. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Parvez Qazi from Nuvama. 
Parvez Qazi: 
So the first question is in our upcoming launch pipeline, 4 million square feet commercial 
projects, would it be possible to get a geographical split of this -- in terms of city wise? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes. I can give you the geographical split. you mean only for Q1 projects? 
Parvez Qazi: 
No. I'm talking about the 4 million square feet upcoming projects, 4.03 million square feet 
commercial, what would be a city wide split?/ 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Bangalore will be 57% and Hyderabad is 43%. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Harsh Pathak from Motilal Oswal. 
Harsh Pathak: 
So my first question is on Slide #12, you have given the estimated sales value of unsold units. 
It's around INR8,950 crores. Does this involve any inventory from the Morgan Heights project? 
Pradyumna  
Krishna Kumar: 
This is Pradyumna, here. Currently, yes, it does include Brigade Morgan Heights. But in the next 
quarter's presentation, if the issue has not been addressed, we will remove it. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Sure. So I assume that would be around... 
Pradyumna  
Krishna Kumar: 
Yes, the impact of that is about 0.7 million square feet is Brigade Morgan Heights out of the 6.7 
million square feet that is shown as unsold. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Okay. So maybe the attributable value would be around INR700 crores, INR800 crores? 
Pradyumna  
Krishna Kumar: 
INR650 crores is the attributable value. Yes. 
Harsh Pathak: 
INR650 crores. Understood. And last quarter, we mentioned that we are planning to launch 
around 11.5 million square feet this year. So the updated number, I think, is around 9.3 million. 
So how do we see the shortfall? 
 
I understand 1 million square feet might be Morgan Heights, but where would be the additional 
shortfall? 
  

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Pradyumna  
Krishna Kumar: 
So primarily, the shortfall is, as you're likely right from Morgan Heights. So we have reduced a 
little more than 1 million square feet from there. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Understood. And another 1 million square feet? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
So the 1 million square feet is the way in which we represent some of our launches. What we 
are including in our launch pipeline is for the sales phasing. I think last year, some of the projects 
we included the entire project we would get as approval to what we will actually do in terms of 
the sales phasing. So that has been fine-tuned for FY27, and that's where we saw 1 million square 
feet also change. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Understood. But we still maintain our presales guidance of INR9,000 crores? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Yes. 
Harsh Pathak: 
For the year? Understood. And final question on the P&L recognition front. This quarter, we 
have seen a higher margin revenue recognition on the residential bit. So how should we look at 
the full year? 
 
what's the margin profile of projects getting recognized? How should we see the entire FY27 
and '28 as whole? 
Yogesh Patel: 
I mean, from conversations last year also, we were kind of highlighting that our last year margin 
muted was primarily because of the impact of the projects which were coming up for revenue 
recognition had a lower margin profile with that pedigree of 3 or 4 years back sold ones 
inventory. 
Given that's gone through improvement is seen effective first quarter itself. The operating impact 
of 5% to 6% in improvement in contribution margin itself will mostly be retained right through 
the year. But obviously, it will again depend on the mix as and when the revenue recognition 
comes through, but the improvement should be seen. And we had mentioned that we would get 
into 20s while we were towards late teens towards the end of the financial year. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
I just wanted to make a clarification to Parvez Qazi's question. So the numbers that I had given 
was for the launch -- for the commercial project launches for Q1 FY27, where it was 57% of the 
4 million in Bangalore and 43% in Hyderabad. But I think the question was on the upcoming 
launches in the next 4 quarters, which was also around 4.03 million. So there, 2.6 million square 
feet will be in Bangalore, which is about 65%. We have a smaller bit in Kochi, about 4%, which 
is about 200,000 square feet. 
 
And the balance 1.3 million square feet will be in Chennai, about 31% for Chennai. I just wanted 
to make that clarification. 
Moderator: 
We have our next follow-up question from the line of Parvez Qazi from Nuvama. 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Parvez Qazi: 
So just wanted to reconfirm of the 9-odd million square feet that we are looking to launch in the 
rest of FY27, the GDV is around INR13,000-odd crores. Or is that number for the entire 12.2 
million square feet launch pipeline? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
The INR3,000 crores or INR13,400 crores GDV, that is 12.36 million square feet. So 9.36, you 
can say it's around INR10,000 crores GDV. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sourabh Gilda from JM Financial. 
Sourabh Gilda: 
I just have one question on the CapEx commitment slide. Just wanted to understand when you 
say the estimated cost for all these projects, what is included except for the construction cost? 
Because when I look at the per square feet number, it gives a varied range of INR4,000 to 
INR10,000 per square feet. I understand the cost is also a function of the height that you're 
building. But just wanted to get a sense, is it just purely construction cost or anything else is 
loaded on this? 
Yogesh Patel:  
So it's the cost of the entire construction itself. It does not include the land cost which you would 
have incurred earlier. 
Sourabh Gilda: 
So this is just the construction cost? 
Pradyumna  
Krishna Kumar: 
Yes, all costs, excluding the land cost. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Nirupa Shankar, Joint Managing Director, for closing comments. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Thank you. Before we wrap up, we'd like to highlight a few achievements beyond this quarter's 
financial performance. Through the Brigade Foundation, our CSR arm, we renovated the 105-
year-old Vishwavidyala Vidya School in Chikmagalur, Karnataka. The Project reflects Brigade's 
commitment to strengthening rural education infrastructure and creating better learning 
environment for students. 
 
Brigade participated in the BDA-led tree plantation drive organized in association withCREDAI, 
Bangalore, which earned a Guinness World Record with nearly 15 lakh saplings planted across 
the city in 24 hours. As part of our net-zero 2045 journey, we continue to support urban greening 
and biodiversity initiatives, having planted over 2 lakh trees to date across our projects. 
 
The Indian Music Experience Museum in JP Nagar completed 7 years in July. To commemorate 
this occasion, the legendary L. Subramaniam took the stage for a special anniversary concert 
alongside an ensemble of musicians. He also donated his violin and one of his handwritten 
musical compositions to the museum's permanent collection. 
 
As part of the Brigade School's Passion with Compassion initiative, Sprintfest 2026 brought 
together more than 3,000 participants of runners, including 25 visually impaired participants. 
The initiative goes beyond promoting health and fitness with 100% of the proceeds, supporting 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
educational facilities for underprivileged children and providing critical medical care to 
marginalized communities. 
 
We also received a few noteworthy recognitions. Our Chairman received the Nadaprabhu 
Kempegowda Rajya Award 2026 by the Government of Karnatakacommemorating the 517th 
birth anniversary of Bengaluru's founder, Nadaprabhu, Sri. Kempegowda. 
 
Pavitra and I were recognized among Fortune 100's 100 Most Powerful Women in India for the 
second consecutive year. I was honored to be recognized as Hospitality Visionary of the Year at 
the EazyDiner Foodie Awards 2026 Bangalore Edition. 
 
Brigade Foundation received a special recognition at the FKCCI Global CSR and Sustainability 
Summit 2026 for its work on the St. John's Medical College Hospital at Brigade Meadows. 
Brigade Hospitality Services Limited ranked fourth amongst India's Great Mid-sized 
Workplaces 2026 by Great Place to Work India. 
 
With that, we wrap up our Q1 earnings call. Thank you all for joining. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ma'am. On behalf of Brigade Enterprises Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
****************************************** 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock          
exchanges on August 14, 2026 will prevail. 
 
 
