it Hero 
Hero MotoCorp Ltd. 
Regd. Office: The Grand Plaza, Plot No.2, Nelson Mandela Road, Vasant Kunj - Phase -II, New Delhi - 110070, India 
Tel. +91-11-46044220, Fax +91-11-46044399 I Email: corporate.communicationfteromotocorp.com I www.heromotocorp.com CIN: L35911 DL1904PLC017354 
 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Asst. Vice President, Listing Deptt., 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, Plot C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051  
Scrip Code: HEROMOTOCO 
The Secretary, 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001  
Scrip Code: 500182 
 
 
  Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2026 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find attached the transcript of the 
earnings conference call held on August 7, 2026, for the quarter ended on June 30, 2026. 
This is for your information and further dissemination. 
Thanking You, 
 
For Hero MotoCorp Limited, 
 
 
Prabhat Singh 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Digitally signed by: PRABHAT SINGH
Date: 2026.08.11 18:07:49 +05'30'

t Hero 
t Hero 
equirus 
•
CHOR 
L 
L' 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
  
 
 
“Hero MotoCorp Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 07, 2026 
 
 
 
        
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HARSHAVARDHAN CHITALE – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – HERO MOTOCORP LIMITED 
 
MR. VIVEK ANAND – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
HERO MOTOCORP LIMITED  
 
MR. ASHUTOSH VARMA -- CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER - 
INDIA BUSINESS UNIT – HERO MOTOCORP LIMITED 
 
MS. KAUSALYA NANDAKUMAR -- CHIEF BUSINESS 
OFFICER - EMERGING MOBILITY BUSINESS UNIT 
(EMBU) -- HERO MOTOCORP LIMITED 
 
MR. ANUJ DUA – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER – 
PREMIUM BUSINESS UNIT -- HERO MOTOCORP 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SARTHAK SIKKA – INVESTOR RELATIONS - HERO 
MOTOCORP LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MIHIR VORA -- EQUIRUS SECURITIES 
 
 

it Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Hero MotoCorp Q1 and FY '27 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Equirus Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mihir Vora from Equirus Securities. Thank you, and over 
to you, Mihir. 
Mihir Vora: 
Yes. Thank you, Danish. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Q1 FY '27 Post Results 
Conference Call of Hero MotoCorp. I would like to thank the management team of Hero 
MotoCorp for giving us the opportunity to host this call. 
I'll now hand over the call to Sarthak from Investor Relations team of Hero to take this forward. 
Over to you, Sarthak. 
Sarthak Sikka: 
Hi. Thank you, Mihir. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our earnings call. With us on 
the call today, we have Mr. Harshavardhan Chitale, who is our CEO; Mr. Vivek Anand, our 
CFO; Mr. Ashutosh Varma, who is the Chief Business Officer of the India Business Unit; Ms. 
Kausalya Nandakumar, Chief Business Officer of the Emerging Mobility Business Unit; and 
Mr. Anuj Dua, who is the Chief Business Officer of Premium Business Unit. 
We'll begin the call with opening remarks from Harsh and Vivek, followed by a Q&A session. 
And with that, let me hand over to Harsh. 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
Thank you, Sarthak, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on this call today. 
I'm sure that all of you must have seen our results for Q1 fiscal year FY '27. Before we dive into 
analyzing our performance, I want to highlight that we have already uploaded our quarterly 
investor presentation on our website besides just the results. And those of you who want to refer 
to it, please feel free to do so. I and Vivek will also touch upon some of the key points that are 
highlighted there in that deck through this call. 
So let's begin with macro and industry trends. Starting first with the underlying demand trend in 
quarter 1 FY '27. As you all noticed, we had a good tailwind, and we had a good demand 
momentum throughout the quarter. And 2-wheeler industry volumes grew 14% year-on-year in 
terms of VAHAN or retail sales, of which 11% was growth in ICE and 67% was in EV. So both 
ICE and EV had strong demand momentum in quarter 1. This growth was broad-based, 
supported by improved affordability post GST rate cuts as well as healthy urban and rural 
demand and continued acceleration in EV adoption. It's heartening to see that this strong demand 
momentum has continued in quarter 2. And quarter 2 also saw a strong retail growth, year-on-
year retail growth in July of 28%. Both ICE and EV again registered similar kind of strong 
momentum as we saw in quarter 1.  

it Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Moving to operational performance of Hero MotoCorp in quarter 1. When we look at our 
dispatches, our volume grew at 23% year-on-year, and our revenue grew 36%. So this extra 13% 
uplift between 36% and 23% came from improved price realization as well as mix. For the last 
few quarters, we've been talking about our emphasis on growing in EV, growing in premium, 
growing in our global business, and growing in scooters. All of these 4 actually performed very 
well for us this quarter, and that contributed to a positive mix of 8%. So a lot of our growth now 
as well as going forward, you will see in revenue is on top of volume growth, which is 
contributed by increasing shift to these higher-value products of scooter, premium, EV, and 
global businesses.  
Overall, we saw our wholesale market share increase by 30 basis points in quarter 1. And as I 
highlighted in the last quarter, our strategy of focusing on fast-growing segments continued to 
yield results as we consolidated our gains -- besides we consolidated our gains in the Commuter 
segment. ICE overall grew 21% year-on-year with 18% growth in domestic volumes and 63% 
growth in global business. Within ICE - scooters, we gained market share by 2.3%. So 230 basis 
point market share gain was in scooters alone. And now we have crossed close to 7% market 
share in ICE scooters. In EV, we had a wholesale growth of 151%. And this has helped us gain 
more than 400 basis points of market share here on -- within 1 year. Now we are consistently 
retailing at more than 20,000 units every month. And you will see that going forward increasing 
as we have just now introduced 2 very exciting new products, and later on, Kausalya can speak 
more about that. And we've also done the first leg of our capacity expansion, which comes on 
stream, has already come on stream on August 1st. So both these new launches as well as 
additional capacity will see a further boost to our EV sales going forward. 
On global business, we expanded our market share by 110 basis points within the quarter. And 
in parts and accessories business, which is a very profitable contributor to our financials, we saw 
strong growth of 30% year-on-year. 
Moving to some key new launches that we did in the quarter. We had a number of launches in 
ICE. We saw Super Splendor XTEC 2.0, which comes with a best-in-class mileage as well as 
the silent start. We also launched a Passion Plus Disc variant, so both of which actually expanded 
our -- so Passion Plus Disc variant expands our 100cc portfolio. And then in July, you heard 
from us about new launches in VIDA, where we've now launched a premium variant of VIDA 
VX2. It gives 187 kilometers of IDC range and also a superior fast charging capability. And if 
you want to learn more about it, Kausalya is on the call to talk more about it later.  
In terms of our technology advancements, we continue to do investments in new powertrains 
with our focus on the future of mobility, clean mobility. And hence, you heard from us in June 
about our flex fuel range that we introduced. We are the first ones to have introduced in the core 
commuter segment, flex fuel variants of our highest selling models, Splendor and HF. And with 
that variant, you can now have a motorcycle that is designed to operate all the way from 20% of 
ethanol content in the fuel all the way up to 85%. It comes with a smart engine technology as 
well as components specifically designed to work at higher blends of ethanol. We started 
dispatching those from the third week of July, and it's very heartening to see that within 2 weeks 

it Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
we have already sold close to 5,000 of these in a few outlets where we've made these vehicles 
available. So it's seeing a great traction, and we are the only ones, and we are differentiated in 
that category right now.  
We are also further advancing on our electric motorcycle range, and you should also hear more 
about that soon from us. Kausalya can also talk about it later. So we continue to work on these 
future of mobility and clean mobility powertrains, and that remains our focus. Last quarter, we 
had also spoken about capacity expansion investments, and we've made significant progress on 
that. 
When it comes to EV, you would recollect that we had ended last year with a monthly capacity 
of 15,000 per month. As we stand today, in the first week of August, it has already increased to 
close to 30,000 per month. And you should see us go to close to 45,000 per month before the 
end of this financial year. So as we had committed, we are tripling our capacity of EV within 
this financial year. We've also increased our capacity in Splendor, looking at, encouraged by the 
growth that we are seeing even in our Splendor, which grew 15% year-on-year within the 
quarter. So we've added 2,000 per day of capacity in Splendor. We've added -- we've doubled 
the capacity of Destini, and both of this has got completed within the quarter itself. We are 
further increasing our capacity also in Xoom, which is a 50% further jump in the capacity of 
Xoom scooters. And this increase in Destini and increase in Xoom, our scooter range is coming 
from the confidence of growth that we see in scooters, where we almost doubled our dispatches 
in scooters year-on-year. So we are seeing excellent traction in scooters and 230 basis points of 
share gain in scooters, hence, the significant capacity enhancements in scooters. 
In May, we had talked about a new CTO who joined us, Sachin Agrawal. He joined us as the 
new CTO in May, and he comes with a background of multiple decades working on different 
powertrains, and that further bolsters our capability that we are building about our powertrain 
development. 
Just earlier this week, we announced Mr. Anuj Dua as the Chief Business Officer for Premium 
segment. Anuj brings over 2 decades of experience with deep leadership experience across 
different 2-wheeler OEMs, and he has a proven track record across global product strategy, 
brand building, market expansion across different geographies. He's on the call with us today. 
And before I hand over the floor to Vivek, I would request Anuj to introduce himself and maybe 
talk about some of his immediate priorities. Anuj, all the best, and over to you. 
Anuj Dua: 
Thank you, Harsh. Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone, once again. I would like to 
begin with expressing my huge thanks to Harsh and Dr. Munjal for trusting me to lead this 
premium business unit. That's our next big growth engine. All of us are fully aware of this. I'm 
personally very excited about leading this business unit. Motorcycling for me is a hobby and 
passion, not just a job. So thank you once again, Harsh. 
Since I'm interacting with all of you for the first time, I would like to just quickly share my 
background. I joined 1 year back leading the products, and now I've been given this new 

it Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
assignment. Prior to this, 9 years, I was working with Royal Enfield. Prior to that, 10 years, I 
was working with Hero. So all these 2 journeys across Hero and Royal Enfield was across sales, 
marketing, product planning. It has given me immense learning from interacting with all my 
colleagues in plant, sourcing, manufacturing, R&D, across sales and marketing. 
So one thing which has remained very common and permanent was focus on consumers and 
what they would love to see in the motorcycles. I've enjoyed creating the product experiences, 
engagements in motorcycling in a few parts of the world, in Asia Pacific and specifically in 
India. My mandate from Harsh is very clear, focus on consumer and community, do exactly 
what they need in product, in engagement, in experiences. So I think that's amongst the few 
priorities that Harsh wanted me to speak about. 
The first priority remains to elevate the consumer retail experience across all touch points - from 
a search journey to in-use journey, everywhere wherever they interact with us, they should feel 
related and get a premium feel. The next important priority will be portfolio expansion. There 
are interesting, very, very exciting products coming over in the next 12 months. That's where 
we'll focus a lot. I would also love to focus on merchandise and accessory. Across the globe 
now, mass customization, mass personalization is a trend across categories and more so in 2-
wheeler. That's where merchandise and accessory plays a very important role in uplifting the 
lifestyle association and not just the business.  
We have an amazing partnership with the OG brand, Harley-Davidson. We will take it to the 
next level. Community and lifestyle engagement, that's where the 2-wheeler riders all over the 
globe are feeling more and more involved into. That's where we'll focus a lot. Our huge 
investments in terms of the right bandwidth in MotoSports is already paying us huge dividends 
across the globe, specifically in India and Latin America. We'll make sure we make the 
MotoSports fully accessible to the motorcycle enthusiasts. And this adventure segment is the 
fastest-growing segment across the world, and Hero through Dakar and MotoSports efforts has 
been seen as a clear winner in that mind space. So we will make sure we do that more and more 
now. 
In the end, I would also like to say that not now, maybe in future, whenever Vivek, Sarthak feel, 
we should ride with some of you and let's catch up for riding motorcycles, not just on the calls 
like this. So looking forward to that and maybe Sarthak can help us do that. 
Thank you very much once again, and over to Vivek. 
Vivek Anand: 
Yes. Thank you, Anuj, and good morning, everyone. A very warm welcome to all joining us in 
the call today. I hope you have all had the opportunity to review our financial results for the first 
quarter of fiscal year 2027. 
Turning straight to our financial performance for quarter 1 financial year '27. We delivered a 
strong quarter on the top line, recording revenue from operations of INR12,999 crores, an 
EBITDA of INR1,727 crores and a profit after tax of INR1,454 crores. 

it Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Total volume grew by a robust 23% year-on-year. This was backed by steady 21% growth in 
our core ICE portfolio and a strong 151% growth in our EV business, reflecting both healthy 
underlying market demand and growing customer preference for our new launches. What is 
particularly encouraging is that our revenue growth outpaced volume growth significantly, 
coming in at 36% year-on-year. 
This top line expansion was driven by premiumization across our portfolio, driven by a shift in 
mix towards EV, scooters and premium variants, contributing a mix benefit of 8% with the rest 
coming from calibrated price increase. Notably, this includes strong growth in our parts business 
of over 30% through a healthy mix of volume expansion and price. 
Now as we flagged during our last earnings call, quarter 1 did experience transitionary 
commodity cost pressures. The conflict in West Asia triggered inflationary spikes across oil and 
gas, freight, foreign exchange and core raw materials, including steel, aluminum and precious 
metals. Because of this, our gross margin for the quarter came down under pressure, contracting 
300 basis points quarter-on-quarter, primarily due to an approximate 4.5% net commodity 
inflation impact. 
Recognizing these headwinds risk early, we moved quickly and decisively. There are a couple 
of initiatives what I would like to briefly talk about we've taken during the quarter. Firstly, we 
improved mix, driven by higher contribution from premium variants and PAM business. Second, 
we rationalized our cost structures by deferring noncritical operating expenses and accelerating 
cost savings under our internal LEAP program. We leveraged our operating scale to drive cost 
efficiencies across manufacturing and supply chain operations. And finally, we took judicious 
price actions across select models, balancing margin protection with market momentum. 
As a direct result of these initiatives, even with a gross margin contraction of 300 basis points 
quarter-on-quarter, our overall EBITDA margin decline was lower at 120 basis points 
sequentially, landing at 13.3%, thanks to the disciplined cost management as reflected in a 14% 
sequential reduction in other expenses. Looking specifically at our ICE portfolio, EBITDA 
margins held up even better, contracting by 90 basis points sequentially to 15.9%, cushioned by 
strong operating leverage, cost savings and higher profitability in our parts business. 
Amid these short-term cost pressures, we chose not to compromise on our long-term growth 
priorities. We continue to invest aggressively behind brand building and strategic product 
launches. During the quarter, we launched 2 new EV products and rolled out high-impact global 
marketing campaigns across major events like the FIFA World Cup and the India England 
Cricket Series, creating strong visibility across key brands, including Xtreme, Destini, Xoom 
and XPulse.  
In our EV business, VIDA achieved strong growth with quarterly volume reaching 57,000 units, 
up 26% quarter-on-quarter. Importantly, our total P&L investment in the VIDA business 
remained flat sequentially at around INR230 crores. This disciplined cost profile was made 

it Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
possible by continuous improvement in per unit economics, targeting pricing actions and PLI 
benefit amounting to INR48 crores during the quarter. 
On the PLI front, I'm pleased to share that around 60% of our EV portfolio is now PLI certified, 
and we expect 100% of our portfolio to be PLI compliant by December 2026. Financial year '27 
will be our first full year of PLI accruals, providing a strong structural tailwind to support EV 
portfolio. Moreover, some of our models have turned gross margin positive, which will further 
enhance our overall EV profitability going forward.  
Moving on to the consolidated results. Company PAT of INR1,418 crores versus normalized 
profit of around INR1,100 crores last year. It is important to note that last year, we had a onetime 
gain of approximately INR700 crores before tax on account of dilution of company's shares of 
investment in associates consequent to public issue and private placement. 
Looking ahead to quarter 2 financial year '27, while we expect a marginal uptick in input cost 
inflation, we plan to neutralize by continued improvement of product mix, optimizing our 
discretionary spends and accelerating cost-saving programs. 
Our primary focus will remain on driving EBITDA growth while progressing towards our 
medium-term EBITDA margin target range of 14% to 16%. Going forward, our journey of 
investment behind growth will continue, both in terms of capacity expansion and brand building 
to support our premium, scooters, EV and global business portfolio. Thank you once again for 
your time and continued support. On that note, let me open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, 
Sarthak. 
Sarthak Sikka: 
Thank you. Danish, we can open the line for questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Amyn Pirani with JPMorgan. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Congratulations on a very strong performance in a very tough quarter for the auto industry. My 
first question was actually on the scooter and EV capacity expansion as well as the model 
launches that you have done in the last few weeks. So any initial sense of demand on the ground? 
Are there any order books? Is there low inventory levels for these models because you're going 
to expand capacity quite rapidly. And historically, you were mentioning that you were supply 
constrained? So any extra color there would be quite helpful. 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
Thank you, Amyn. Thank you for your question. So let's begin with VIDA, on EV. We have 
pretty much nil channel inventory. It's 2 to 3 days depending on region to region. So whatever 
we are supplying and shipping is actually retailed immediately. So that gives you an indication 
of the pent-up demand. So as we now bring on 10,000 more capacity right away this month, I 
mean, we expect there is a demand there, which will immediately pick that up. 
Coming to ICE scooters, as you saw, we had an 87% growth year-on-year in our ICE scooters 
as well. And there, when I look at the channel stock of Xoom, for example, or some variants of 
Destini, those are running into typically half of what on an average, we normally see in all our 

it Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
models. So there is also a bit of a depletion of channel stock there. And hence, between VIDA 
and between all the scooters put together, we've added close to 2,500 per day of extra capacity. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. That's really great to know and looking forward to the ramp-up of the wholesale and 
retails here. My second question is on motorcycles. Now if you look at motorcycles, it looks like 
especially the bottom half, which is up to 125cc, as a category is still not doing as well as the 
other categories within 2-wheelers despite GST, you have gained share within the 100cc clearly, 
but the category doesn't seem to be doing that well. So any color there, any insights as to what 
is going on and what we can expect over the next few quarters? 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
No, I think a great observation. Yes, within the motorcycle, the category -- by the way, the 
category 100cc is also growing, but other ranges, 125cc and above are growing faster. And the 
100cc, we have outgrown the industry and hence, gained 230 basis points of market share. So 
we are now at close to 86% market share. So already from a high, we have further gained market 
share there. But that category in itself is also growing. 
So that's heartening because the tailwind out of GST creating more affordability, that still 
continues. And this is still the bike, the first commuter purchase that many of our customers do 
as they get into the market. The higher categories, of course, as India urbanizes, India becomes 
richer, those categories are growing faster, and you saw us gain share in those as well. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Gunjan Prithyani with Bank of America. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
My first question is just a clarification on the 2,500 capacity per day that you mentioned. Is the 
understanding right that we're roughly doing about 60,000 - 65,000 right now put together ICE 
and EVs. This will pretty much double by the second half of the year. Is there any timeline? And 
is the understanding on the number correct on a monthly basis? 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
You're right. I think we are right now clocking 65,000 a month, very accurate, in fact. And the 
capacity addition will more than -- a little more than double.  
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay and any timeline, and when does this, when do we get to this capacity? Is it by the exit 
quarter of fiscal '27? Any timelines around the expansion? 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
So 2/3 of this is already done. And the balance 1/3, the second phase of expansion of VIDA, 
which will come in the last quarter of this financial year. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
And we do have that reasonable visibility on demand to be able to ramp it up pretty immediately 
in terms of production? 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
That is right. And that is -- the earlier question, which was on the channel stock and underlying 
demand. In each of these models, we actually have much lower channel stock than what one 
would normally like to have. 

it Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Got it. That's good to hear. My question essentially is just shifting gears to the motorcycle 
business. I think we did take a pretty back-to-back price increases in quarter 4 and quarter 1. Just 
trying to maybe hear from Ashutosh on what has been the acceptance of these price hikes?  
And given this also came along with the fuel price inflation that we saw. So how has the customer 
been able to take this sort of inflation? And is there something that we are sort of thinking 
through in terms of getting the growth. We did see that immediate tailwind in the entry segment 
when the GST rate cut happened. That seems to be again stabilizing now for some reason. If you 
can share your thoughts, is it because of the price increases, there's been some impact on the 
demand or your thoughts on the whole total cost of ownership acceptance at the entry end? 
Ashutosh Varma: 
Sure, Gunjan. Thank you for your question. I mean I'll start off from where Harsh left. In fact, 
first of all, thanking the customers that in the overall 100cc, our market share now is 86%. 
Effectively, 9 out of every 10 customers are preferring Hero for the values that we stand for, 
which is mileage, reliability and trust. So this is a category that we have owned. If you look at 
specifically 100cc, the likes of Splendor and Passion, there, we've seen category expansion and 
there, we have seen market share expansion. 
So I mean, this segment growing from 32% to almost 33%, a little more market share went up 
by almost 3%. So we have seen a lot of excitement. That's also because of the fact that we have 
continued to make interventions beyond the product itself. So there have been interventions in 
terms of retail finance. There have been interventions in terms of some of the other affordability 
measures that we have tried to do. So we are confident that this segment is resilient. As the way 
things look like from a monsoon perspective, it's looking the quarter and possibly the leading 
into festive looking much stronger. We expect this segment to be, to do even better. 
Yes, we have taken some price increases, but that's also largely because of the confidence that 
we have in the brands that we feel that it will be able to continue to demand that kind of traction 
from consumers and the growth in terms of market share is a testimony of that. So confident at 
that end. I hope I answered your question. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. No, that's helpful. And maybe if I can just get the channel stock that's there on the bikes 
portfolio, scooters numbers are very clear and the financing penetration, if there is any 
significant change there? 
Ashutosh Varma: 
So 6 weeks is what we do. And I mean, all this inventory is forward-looking. So of course, we 
are nearly not there in terms of where we want to be in terms of stocks. And over the next couple 
of months, you would see some increase that we will have to do to be ready for the festive. So 
progressing in the right direction.  
From a retail finance perspective, we saw the quarter becoming stronger. We have seen our retail 
finance penetration last month jumping to close to 65-odd percent, and that's strong. There has 
been easing out in terms of credit, and that has started helping the markets. We believe that as 
we move into festive, this will become even more helpful. 

it Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Binay Singh with Morgan Stanley. 
Binay Singh: 
The first question is on the margin front. Looking at Q1, we earlier talked about the 14% to 16% 
range. Do you think considering cost pressures, you will be able to maintain that range for the 
year? 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
So as we indicated, 14% to 16% is our guidance for the midterm. And last quarter, we indicated 
that with this transitory commodity price -- commodity inflation, there would be some impact 
in the margin percent. However, our focus would be to mitigate that through volume and focus 
on absolute EBITDA growth and not just EBITDA percent. So in the midterm, we are confident 
of going back to it, but not in the short term. 
Vivek Anand: 
Yes. Binay, Vivek here. Just to add, I think clearly, when we look ahead to the current quarter, 
which is quarter 2 financial year '27, we expect a marginal uptick in input cost inflation, right. 
As I said earlier, we plan to neutralize this by continued improvement of product mix, optimizing 
our discretionary spends and accelerating cost saving programs. So our primary focus, as Harsh 
said, will remain on driving EBITDA growth while progressing towards our medium-term 
EBITDA margin target range of 14% to 16%. 
Binay Singh: 
And secondly, like you shared, just to get a sense on the ICE capacity, like the EV capacity, we 
talked about 15,000 Q1, 30,000 now going to 45,000. So what exactly is the ICE capacity now 
versus what you see into the festive season? What is the delta change in ICE capacity in the 
scooter side? 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
Yes. So ICE capacity increases both on motorcycle and scooters. So I also talked of increasing 
Splendor capacity by 2,000 per day, so almost 50,000 a month, a little over 50,000 a month of 
increase in Splendor capacity. So that's a capacity increase that has already happened to prepare 
us well for festival season. 
Also on the ICE scooter front, we've added 1,500 per day, so which is also done. So that is also 
done. And then first phase of VIDA is done and the last phase will happen in the quarter 4. 
Binay Singh: 
And lastly, just on the EV launches that you talked about, the 2 variants that came up. Could you 
share as to how would they contribute to the portfolio? 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
Yes, Kausalya over to you. 
Kausalya Nandakumar: 
Binay, good morning. We launched 2 variants in the first quarter and 1 recently of the 2. The 
first variant is our long-range variant. It's called the VX2 Plus 4.4 kilowatt with an IDC range of 
187 kilometers. We launched it with a campaign called 'Hafte Mein Ek Baar' because the 
unmatched range that we give allows consumers the flexibility to take charge at just once a week 
if they so desire. 

it Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
This also comes with the twin removable battery, giving the flexibility to consumers to charge 
everywhere. We have just started dispatch in the quarter, and we have crossed about 1,000 
vehicle dispatch and are now looking at an uptick on the contribution of this product. 
The second product that we launched in August, actually, the variant, it's called the VX2 Go 3.1 
kilowatt hour, and this offers an IDC range of about 120. And this particular product is catering 
to a set of consumers who are looking at a product which they have access to charging at their 
home and office in a more easy manner. It comes with a strong backing of the styling that the 
VX2 already enjoys, the very favorable styling. Both of these products will contribute a 
significant volume going forward. 
As they stabilize in the forthcoming quarters, we'll share a little bit more in how they are actually 
blending in. But we are very optimistic with our Ghar Ghar Evooter now with VIDA, we have 
a range from the 2.2 kilowatt all the way up to the 4.4 kilowatt, allowing consumers complete 
flexibility of options. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Pramod Kumar with UBS. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Before the question, Harsh, I think congratulations as in for doing the right thing by the customer 
in terms of revising the HF Deluxe portfolio pricing. And my first question is related to that 
segment again. Given that how dominant your market share is near monopoly, how do you see 
this pricing action? If you can help us put this in context as to with the price revisions what you 
have done, where has the pricing gone to? And what is the expected impact on demand or what 
it could do to revive the category? 
Because this category is the only one which is kind of holding you back on market share or 
pushing you back. So if you can just share your broad thoughts behind the price cut what you 
did, where it puts the pricing in terms of affordability for the consumer? And how do you see 
this segment playing out going into the festive season? 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
I think, thank you, Pramod. Great question. So across the board, in general, we have taken price 
increases for different variants, and they vary by different variants and different geography. But 
as we look at tactical opportunities, there are some variants and some geographies where we did 
take a tactical price cut. So while overall weighted average is a price increase, as Gunjan in 
earlier question asked, there are some pockets where we did do price correction, where we saw 
an opportunity to boost demand as well as gain share. 
And as you rightly pointed out, that was in one variant of HF Deluxe. The early signs after we've 
done that, it has given an immediate boost to demand as more customers are now coming into 
the market because that was target that absolute entry-level variant is basically for the first-time 
buyer, and we wanted to make it more and more accessible to first-time buyers.  
So we've seen a huge boost in the demand in the first few weeks after that has gone live. Now 
how it plays out over the next 3, 4 months leading up to festive, we'll see shortly. But first 
indications are very, very positive. 

it Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Ashutosh Varma: 
Pramod, to pick up from what Harsh said. Yes. So as Harsh said, yes, the initial traction has been 
exciting. What we have seen is that we are drawing customers into our showrooms. We've also 
seen our Splendor portfolio growing stronger since we have introduced this. So we are confident 
that there is this unaddressable market that we probably need to address people who are falling 
off the mobility. And in certain geographies, we feel this kind of intervention can just grow the 
category substantially. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And is my understanding right that this category may not be ripe for electrification because the 
use case is very, very different, very tough, both in terms of the distances driven in a single day 
by many customers and also the kind of abuse these products take in terms of the load they carry. 
So in that sense, this category is kind of well protected from the electrification risk. But yes, 
affordability is what you need to make work. Is that understanding right, Ashutosh? 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
In the near term, yes. 
Ashutosh Varma: 
Yes, so absolutely. I mean, the price points are hugely different from EV versus this category. 
The use cases are very different. I mean, so, and the markets also, I mean, if you look where 
these 2 relatively play out are very different markets, right. So we don't feel that there is that risk 
there. But I mean, so this is reasonably protected that way. We just wanted to expand the market. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And last question on the export bit, Harsh, if you can just help us understand how is the export 
outlook looking? Because some of our peers at a much larger scale are talking about 
unprecedented growth. So how do you see the export opportunity for yourself given that it's 
generally positive on margins and ASP and gives the diversification? And also on EVs, is there 
a possibility that you can fast track your capacity expansion if you see demand on the ground 
remaining robust? Is it possible? 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
No, no, absolutely. So as you saw, we grew more than 60% in the quarter on exports, and there's 
still a huge headroom considering still where we are. So we are getting into more markets and 
introducing more products. So we opened Germany. We did a launch in Germany of our ICE 
vehicles. We have started now selling in Nepal, our VIDA. So VIDA had launched earlier this 
month -- earlier in July in Nepal. And so you will see more and more products, more and more 
geographies continue to get opened and high growth trajectory that you saw in our exports over 
the last 2 years of 40% plus year-on-year. We are aiming for that kind of growth going forward. 
And our volume expansion is planned keeping in view growth in exports as well. And also, 
you're right, with the price realization and the FX gain that it provides, we did see benefit of that 
also in last quarter. I think we did get a 25 bps out of our FX, higher FX realization. That was a 
contribution to EBITDA. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Chandramouli Muthiah with Goldman Sachs. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
My first question is just around the Delhi proposed EV policy starting FY '28. Just related to 
your comments on potentially unveiling an electric motorcycle. I just want to understand how 

it Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
the industry is taking the proposal and then also what the negotiations are? And how important 
do electric motorcycles become for Hero if this policy were to go through? 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
Okay. So thanks, Chandramouli, for your question. So we have seen great momentum to EVs in 
Delhi. So last month, we saw a doubling of our inquiries in EV. We also saw near doubling of 
our retails of EV. And from fourth, we now jump to second with 16.7% market share in EV in 
Delhi. So we are seeing momentum building up. We have increased supplies to Delhi from our 
side. We have made sure all our dealerships are activated. We have made sure that all our dealer 
service techs, et cetera, are being trained. So we are preparing our infrastructure. 
We are also, as you know, building charging network. So we are also increasing charge points 
from our own side to create a stronger charging infrastructure for customers. Coming to product 
portfolio, way before this policy goes into effect, we will have a range of motorcycles into the 
market. And we are progressing well on that, and Kausalya can talk a bit about that. 
Kausalya Nandakumar: 
Chandramouli, thanks for the question. We had unveiled our motorcycle platforms last year in 
EICMA in 2025. We continue to be committed to developing customer-centric, customer-
oriented motorcycles. 
Like Harsh said, we are obviously making sure that Delhi citizens and consumers have the power 
of choice as they walk into our showrooms on the full range of the EV scooters as well as the 
forthcoming motorcycle platforms that will be launched. And so we will have a full stack of 
available products to cater to every need before the policy comes fully into action. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Got it. That's helpful. Second question is just around the PLI comment that you had shared earlier 
that 60% of the electric 2-wheeler portfolio is now eligible for PLI. So just to clarify, what is the 
current percentage of company revenue that's coming from EVs? And roughly where you see 
that going with this additional capacity that's coming through going forward? 
Vivek Anand: 
So as I talked about, PLI this quarter, we've got a benefit of -- a PLI benefit of INR48 crores, 
which is covering 60% of our business. And we expect that this benefit will cover almost all our 
products by end of December, right. So during the full year, we should have the entire EV 
portfolio under PLI benefit, right. 
So EV revenue last quarter is around INR660 crores, right. So that's almost translating to on a 
INR12,999 crores, it's almost 5%, right. So that's the percentage contribution coming from EV 
during quarter 1, right. So our plan is to aggressively grow this business. So you will see in the 
rest of the year, the contribution from EV business as a contribution to the total revenue is likely 
to really move up. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Got it. That's helpful. And just last question relates to comments you had made on profitability. 
So I just want to understand, you did mention that a couple of your EV models are now gross 
margin positive. So I just want to understand on an EBITDA margin basis for the EV portfolio, 
how far we might be from breakeven? And if the PLI comes through on the full portfolio towards 
the end of the year, what it potentially implies for full year EBITDA margin on the EV portfolio? 

it Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Vivek Anand: 
So Chandra, so we are working on our 4-pillar strategy to achieve self-sustainability in EV 
business, right. So as I had talked in the past, so clearly, PLI is one big contributor. I talked about 
we are 60%. Hopefully, by December, this should become 100%. So that's one thing. As we 
move forward, we'll continue to improve our profitability of EV business.  
Second is scale. So we've launched some products and some of the products have already started 
to be profitable, right. We are scaling up. So as we scale up our capacity and as we scale up, we 
will continue to get operating leverage that will help improve our profitability. We are working 
on BOM cost reduction. We are driving efficiencies. We are working on LEAP savings and 
better unit economics for new launches, and we are taking calibrated price increase in line with 
the industry. 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
Maybe Kausalya, you can talk about non-product revenue, which has also started kicking in. 
Kausalya Nandakumar: 
Yes. So Chandra, just as a follow-up, of course, the price increase is as calibrated, keeping in 
mind how consumers are looking at the products and making sure they remain accessible. But 
we have a slew of now new offerings. 
We continue to improve accessibility through our Battery as a Service offering across the 
portfolio that allows access point to consumers who wish to own an EV. We also are now amping 
up our focus on the revenue from connected services. We call it the VIDA Edge program and 
consumers can avail that benefit as a paywall benefit. And then once they subscribe to the 
services, we unlock a slew of connected features for them. 
In addition, we are bringing highly focused products like extended warranty and other such 
value-added services for consumers to pick and choose from a bouquet of offerings. All of this 
now will supplement how consumers can actually use their EVs more effectively with a lot more 
confidence as well as bring additional revenue into the VIDA business. 
Vivek Anand: 
Yes. And just to sum up, we continuously improve our unit economics of our EV portfolio. So 
just to give some numbers, this quarter, the EBITDA loss has come down from almost 
INR50,000 from previous quarter to INR40,000. So it's on an improvement trajectory as we 
really move forward. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Kapil Singh with Nomura. 
Kapil Singh: 
On the EVs, firstly, on the motorcycles, can you talk about what could be the timelines by which 
the platform would be ready? And in terms of segments, which are the segments which, where 
you see the adoption happening first? And how would the EV platform be different from the, 
EV motorcycle platform be different from the scooter platform? Just anything you can share in 
terms of as a concept? 
Kausalya Nandakumar: 
Kapil, good morning. Kausalya here. We had talked a little bit about these 2 product platforms 
in EICMA 2025. So I'll reaffirm some of the pointers from there. The first concept that we talked 
about was Project Ubex. 

it Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
It's our code name for a product that is suited very much for urban mobility. This is a neo-naked 
motorcycle concept, which we had revealed. This will be a good performance motorcycle for a 
segment of consumers who are looking for both the thrill and acceleration of a motorcycle on an 
EV platform, but also extremely city and road friendly. That's the first platform, Ubex, and you 
will hear more about this product as we come closer to launch. 
The second was our collaboration platform with Zero Motorcycles of USA, which is a high-
performance motorcycle. It's codenamed VXZ internally. This is coming into the much high-
performance category. This is our aspirational motorcycle catering to those consumers who are 
looking for adventure, who are looking for a motorcycle that has a true outperformance need. 
So these 2 motorcycle concepts are already in display, and we've shared a lot more details about 
these products as they come closer. 
And we continue to innovate and bring products into the market that consumers need. These will 
be new platforms. While we do take a lot of learnings from our scooter platform, the motorcycle 
platform now caters to the needs of a motorcycle consumer. And therefore, these are new 
platforms that we are developing with learnings from the scooter platform, but with technology 
that is suited to what a motorcycle consumer is actually looking for in terms of performance, 
rideability, gradability and range. 
Kapil Singh: 
Any color you can throw on the timelines? Is anything coming this year, next year or it will be 
later? 
Kausalya Nandakumar: 
It's not this year. We will be looking at products coming in from the next year. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay. Sure. And the second question was on the EV profitability. Any broad range in terms of 
where the breakeven volumes will land? And if you have done any cost benchmarking with 
competition, what are the areas where there are gaps which you need to bridge? Is it mainly 
scale? Or is it mainly the cost of the platform? Just any thoughts on this would be helpful. 
Kausalya Nandakumar: 
Yes. So Kapil, I think a couple of elements. I'm just going back to what Vivek already shared. 
There are 4 major levers that we focus on, on profitability. The first, of course, is scale. We've 
just ramped up from the 15,000 mark to this quarter looking at close to 30,000. The scale gives 
us a lot of leverage, which will now start kicking in across the portfolio. On the BOM cost in 
specific, this is a continuous activity. Internally, we've shared what we call the LEAP savings 
program. This is a relentless focus on how we actually look at cost and design for cost. We have 
some unique value proposition like the removable battery that gives consumers a power of 
choice in terms of charging. And therefore, we believe our designs are unique and tailored to 
consumer need. But every quarter, we are seeing an improvement because we are putting all 4 
levers at the same time, and we should continue on our trajectory to look positive by the end of 
the year. 
Kapil Singh: 
Sure. And just lastly, on the volume growth for the industry, how are you thinking about it, 
especially in the second half? Should we expect growth to continue because the base is high. So 
just any thoughts there? That's all. 

it Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
We see a strong momentum, not just quarter 1, but also July, and the momentum continues 
strong. So from 67% growth in quarter 1 for the industry, industry grew at more than 80% in 
July. So I think the growth is strong, and there are no indications of the momentum slowing 
down yet... 
Kapil Singh: 
My question was on the 2-wheeler industry, not on EVs. 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
I'm sorry. Okay. So 2-wheeler industry, quarter 1, the total industry ICE plus EV put together 
grew about 14% in quarter 1. We see similar trajectory for quarter 2, looking at how July has 
started. H2, you're right, does have a base effect of big jump that happened in sales in H2 last 
year post GST. Hence, from a base perspective, the year-on-year growth will be lower, but the 
way momentum is, we expect still a positive growth in H2. And right now, plans are towards 
full year of approaching double digit as an industry growth. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Raghunandhan N. L. with Nuvama Research. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Congratulations team on strong numbers and also for the comprehensive investor presentation. 
Thanks to the team and Sarthak. Firstly, can you talk about upcoming models with regards to 
premium motorcycle? There are expectations of models like XPulse 421, XMR 250. Your 
thoughts there will be helpful. 
Anuj Dua: 
This is Anuj. There are a lot of models which are in working. You rightly said 2 of the flagship 
ones. In the next 12 months, you'll see many more coming up. Market will be fully lined up with 
these models. You'll see a few starting from this festive itself and going up to next few quarters 
as well. We'll see a lot of action in the premium segment. We are fully aware that customers 
love the brand XPulse, not just in India, but globally as well. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Noted, sir. So before the festive, these products should be available, sir? 
Anuj Dua: 
A few of the refreshes will be. And then some of the larger full body change models we'll see in 
the upcoming quarters. 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
But not the 2 that you mentioned, they won't be before festive, but there are a few others that 
will, in the premium range that will get launched before festive. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Sir, secondly, on the PAM revenue, the revenue had grown about 5% last year. And this year, 
we have started the growth with 30%. Has the company been successful in expanding 
penetration, taking market share from the gray market? Can there be a 20% kind of a growth in 
FY '27? 
Ashutosh Varma: 
So Raghu, you're right. I mean, strong growth close to 25% and beyond. We see the trend 
similarly in July as well. A mix of actions that has led to it. One, of course, is the expanded 
reach. So we have penetrated deeper with formats. There's a lot of operational excellence -- 
efficiency initiatives that are being carried out. So larger SKU coverage, new parts groups, new 
line of businesses doing well. So I mean, parts, while we are good, we believe there is a lot more 

it Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
to do. We are still about scratching the surface and hence, a lot of headroom. And especially, I 
mean, the growth that we see coming in is with the new lines of businesses that are, that have 
started doing exceptionally well. 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
And Raghu, as you rightly pointed out, there is a growth by eating into gray market, but there is 
also growth through accessories, which increasingly we see traction as our VIDA range increases 
and premium range increases. Also in the parts business, there is a lot of growth coming out of 
our exports business. So, and that's the reason why the new investment of GPC 2.0 that we 
announced with a CapEx of INR750 crores. So that pretty much more than doubles our capacity 
to handle parts business. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
One last question on the commodity cost impact that is expected to be small in Q2, is 50 basis 
point increase Q-o-Q a fair estimate? Around 4% price hike has been taken so far. Would you 
need further price hikes? Or would you be focusing on cost savings? 
Vivek Anand: 
So Raghu, I think, so we are -- as I said, we are expecting a marginal uptick in input cost inflation, 
which we plan to neutralize by continued improvement of product mix and optimizing our 
discretionary spends and accelerating cost saving programs, right. So we are confident of 
mitigating the impact of any potential material price inflation during the quarter through these 
initiatives. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sonal Gupta with HSBC Mutual Fund. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Just had a couple of questions around this, I mean, again, on the pricing. So what has been the 
price increases that we've taken, right? Like for this quarter and my understand -- and then in 
July, what sort of percentage price increase have we taken? 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
So we have taken so far about cumulatively from, over the last 3, 4 months, 4.5% of a blended 
average price increase. So on different models in different months. So that's why I gave you a 
blended 4.5%. And this is on the ICE part. On EV, even higher increase. In fact, it's closer to 
double-digit price increase. But part of that is actually price increase also with the differentiation 
with more functionality getting offered there. So there, the price increase in terms of per unit 
price is in double -- early double digits. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Got it, sir. So just this 4.5% is since the beginning of the year or this is just April and July put 
together? 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
This is from February, end of February. 
Sonal Gupta: 
End of Feb. So yes, so, and this, would this include any July price increases as well? Or this is... 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
In July, we did a marginal price increase. As Vivek mentioned, we expect marginal cost increase 
on commodity, which is already getting fully mitigated through our mix and LEAP savings and 
optimizations of cost. But in anticipation, we also took a marginal price increase in July in our 
ICE as well as -- in ICE. 

it Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Sonal Gupta: 
Got it. No. So my question was really around, I mean, like these price increases, I mean, some 
of it, obviously, given the unprecedented cost inflation is warranted. But I mean, like at what, 
given that our category itself, our core category has been sort of struggling in terms of growth.  
And if I look at your overall market share on a year-on-year basis, VAHAN market share in Q1 
has dropped like 150 basis points. At what point do you think that we'll calibrate this and focus 
more on driving growth rather than just, I mean, like taking price increases. So I'm just 
wondering that at what point do you think that you've taken, that more -- we cannot pass on more 
to the consumer in the shorter term? 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
No. So I think we continue to remain focused on growth, and that's what you saw in 23% growth 
in the volume growth in the quarter and so on. And hence, as Vivek said, it's calibrated price 
increase. We've not passed on all of the commodity cost. And there are areas where we've passed 
on less, there are areas we passed on more. And on some absolute entry-level variants where we 
wanted to expand the market and bring new customers into the market, we've even taken a 
calibrated cost reduction -- price reduction for some geographies. 
And that was a question earlier from Pramod on HF in some states. And that is immediately 
seeing a jump in our volumes in that category. So our focus, to answer your question, continues 
to remain on driving volume growth and hence, calibrating price increases appropriately. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to the time constraint, that was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for the closing remarks. Thank you, and over to you, 
team. 
Harshavardhan Chitale: 
Thank you for joining us today. There are more details available on our website where we've 
uploaded for the first time our quarterly results presentation that gives a little more color. Please 
do take a look at it. And if there are any follow-up questions, do write to us, and we would get 
back to you. 
Vivek Anand: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Equirus Securities, this concludes 
today's conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect. 
