 
August 21, 2026 
 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
P.J.Towers - 25th floor 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400001​
Scrip Code: 500830 
 
The Manager – Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited​
Symbol: COLPAL 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block – G​
​
Series: EQ 
Bandra – Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub: Investor/Analyst Meet  - Transcript 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of ‘Colgate-Palmolive (India) 
Limited Investor Day 2026’ held on August 17, 2026. 
 
The aforesaid transcript is also available on the website of the Company at the link mentioned 
below:  
 
https://www.colgateinvestors.co.in/presentation-to-analyst/presentation-details-2026  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
 
 
Jaikishan Shah 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A34948 
 
 Encl: a/a    
JAIKISHAN ROHIT 
SHAH
Digitally signed by JAIKISHAN 
ROHIT SHAH 
Date: 2026.08.21 16:29:26 +05'30'

 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:​
 
 
MS. PRABHA NARASIMHAN – ​ MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MR. M.S. JACOB – ​
WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR & CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MR. ADITYA DESAI – ​
INVESTOR RELATIONS AND M&A, 
COLGATE-PALMOLIVE (INDIA) LIMITED
 
 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
Mr. Aditya Desai 
Hello, everyone. Good evening. Welcome to the Colgate-Palmolive Investor Day 
2026. I, Aditya Desai along with the Colgate-Palmolive leadership team, would like 
to extend a warm welcome to all of you, those who are present here and those 
who have joined us virtually. Happy to meet you all again. The session today will 
be approximately 90 minutes. We'll start with a presentation from Ms. Prabha, our 
Managing Director & CEO, and Mr. Jacob, our Whole Time Director & CFO. And 
after that we will have a 45 minute Q & A session. Those in the room can just 
raise their hand, and those who have joined us virtually, there is a chat box 
option, you can put your questions there and we will try to address most of them. 
Please note that today's presentation may contain some forward looking 
statements. These statements are made on the basis of the company's views 
and assumptions as of this time, and are not guarantees of future performance. I 
would now like to request Prabha to share her thoughts. Thank you.  
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
Thanks very much, Aditya. Good evening and thank you all to those who are in 
the room for braving this absolutely wonderful weather and making it all the way 
to Powai. We really appreciate it, and it's lovely to see all of you here in person. So 
much nicer to present in person than virtually. To those of you who couldn't make 
it and have joined us virtually, Welcome. I hope we'll be able to see and hear you 
during the Q&A. 
Jacob and I are excited to share an update about this organization. But before I 
get into the update, this is really a milestone year for Colgate. Whether it is 
Colgate globally or Colgate India. Colgate Global has been in existence and just 
celebrated his 220th birthday. A shade older than everybody in the room and 
Colgate in India has celebrated its 90th year. So, we're just actually as of 
September, going to head into our 90th year celebration. So two fantastic 
milestones. And I think what underpins such longevity is the strength of the 
brand Colgate. And that's really what we're going to spend a lot of time talking 
about.  
Here is the agenda. We'll talk about our view of the oral care category. What's our 
strategy and what's the action that we've taken against it. Jacob will then cover 
the financial performance. We'll get into a very, very brief summary and then 
hand it over to you for your questions.  

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
So starting with the oral care category, we always like to start with why are we 
here? And as a Company we're here and have been here for 90 years for this one 
simple reason, which is to help people improve their oral health and beauty. And 
sometimes these mission statements are just a statement in the case of this 
organization, actually, it's deeply embedded in everything that we do. And as we 
go through this, you will see how this mission comes to life every day. But the 
context of India continues to be as far as oral health is concerned, a little bit 
challenged. The blue boxes on the top are really the incidence of gum disease, of 
cavities, and of people who are recommended to visit a dentist 55%, 80% and 
100%. And the red numbers at the bottom are really the number of people who 
actually do something about the problems that they have. And obviously the gap, 
therefore, is the gap. And as you can see, relatively poor oral health habits in this 
country means that there is quite a significant gap between the incidence and 
the actual problem. And this is where squarely sits our job and our brand.  
And so why is this important? Yes, of course, it's great to have a lovely smile like 
Kriti Sanon does and we would all love it, but it's actually a little bit more 
fundamental than that. There is now a significant link across numerous studies 
between systemic health and your oral health. Oral health, you know, being the 
gateway to your overall body, those who have diabetes. And we know that India, 
unfortunately, has a large number of people who suffer from diabetes and are at 
2.7 times greater risk of gum issues. And gum issues, in turn, lead to other 
systemic issues. It's been linked to many other diseases. Tobacco, this is an 
obvious one. If you smoke, then your teeth tend to get stained and obviously that 
rate is very high. Snacking, we are a snacking country. Lots of amazing snacks and 
we tend to eat. I think at last count, the average number of meals in urban India, 
or the average number of times a person was eating in urban India was four and a 
half times a day. So we are a snacking country, and snacking also increase gum 
risk because after snacking you're not brushing your teeth and therefore it's 
staying in your mouth, leading to some issues and sweets, obvious link again, 
your mom would have told that when you eat sweets, you increase the risk of 
cavities.  
And the category today is at absolutely universal penetration. So every 
household in this country has toothpaste and toothbrush. But the consumption 
remains low. So if you index India's consumption to the Philippines consumption, 
urban India is at 0.7X, rural India is even less  at half X. And the middle box 
actually is the numbers that matter to us. For those of you who have heard us 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
before, when I first took over this job, we were talking about 80% of urban Indians 
not brushing twice a day. I'm happy to say that 80% has become 76%. So there is 
a movement there. But like we've discussed, consumption is not something that 
moves overnight. You have to keep at it, and so there is progress, but obviously 
there is a long way to go. And if you remember the number in rural India, that 
number was 55% who don't brush daily. And that number has now become 45%. 
A lot more macro tailwinds working in our favour in rural India. Firstly, the 
availability of information. Secondly, the fact that younger consumers have been 
exposed to the practices of better oral health and therefore brush every day. 
Thirdly, the rising affluence of rural India, and fourthly, the increasing availability 
of toothpaste and toothbrushes everywhere. So a combination of all of these has 
meant that that 55 has become 45, which is actually great news, leading to the 
per capita increases that you see in toothpaste consumption on the right.  
When we look at toothbrushes, a similar story, India replaces their toothbrush on 
an average once in nine months. This is once in six months in Philippines. And if 
you talk to your dentist, they will tell you to try and replace it once in three 
months. So both Philippines and us have a long way to go. Again, in urban India, 
the replacement of toothbrushes has not actually moved a lot. What has moved 
is the quality of toothbrushes that's being bought. And in rural India, however, the 
same macro tailwind that I talked about on toothpaste consumption also affects 
toothbrush replacement. Unfortunately, the numbers there are exceptionally high. 
This led us to this campaign, which I'm going to play. One of my favourite pieces 
of advertising. It's actually a Cannes winning piece of communication, and I think 
what it does, it certainly did it for me, is every time I go to my bathroom and I see 
the blooming Indianis dentris, I'm reminded that I need to change my toothbrush. 
And I think that's exactly what it's done for many consumers in India as well. 
The other lever. So we have an opportunity to increase toothpaste consumption. 
We have an opportunity to increase the replacement rate of toothbrushes. We 
have an opportunity to drive premiumisation in toothpaste and toothbrush, our 
premiumisation percentage as a category. So the toothpaste category, about 
19%, or about a fifth of the category is above the 140 index. If you take a look at 
toilet soap and shampoo, those numbers are in order of magnitude 2X and 3X. So 
I think as a community of toothpaste brand owners, we certainly have an 
opportunity to do more and Colgate can be at the forefront of this. And it's an 
exceptionally important pillar for us. So I'm going to spend quite a bit of time on 
premiumisation today. The good thing is that at least we're moving in the right 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
direction. So over the last three years, that number has moved from 14.8 to 18.6, 
which is reasonable movement. But many miles to go before we sleep. 
We discussed how there is a toothpaste and a toothbrush in every home in the 
country, and what makes that possible is obviously a retail footprint that reaches 
absolutely everybody within. The toothpaste store footprint is about 5.5 million 
or 56 lakh there. As you see the number, still an opportunity for that footprint to 
keep increasing. Sorry, it's 56%, 8.5 million still opportunity for us to keep 
increasing that because the head room for FMCG universe obviously remains 
quite a bit and we are the most distributed toothpaste brand and therefore if 
that 8.4 number is to move, then it is a little bit up to this brand. And then like 
every other category and every other FMCG company in this country, the 
business is moving towards modern trade and e-commerce, particularly quick 
commerce. So Nielsen data, along with the e-commerce data married into it, 
suggests that traditional trade is about 80. Modern trade is about 14, 
e-commerce is about 6, and off e-commerce, about 40% sits within the world of 
quick commerce. 
So this is what we see as our responsibility, linked to our mission. Our 
responsibility is to grow the oral care category. We believe we have an 
exceptional right to win in this category for a whole host of reasons. A lot of you 
would have seen these numbers before, but you've got to indulge us a little bit 
because we love these numbers, and so they need to be presented again and 
again in terms of how exceptionally strong this brand is. So 67% top of mind 
when you ask a consumer, when you think of toothpaste, what brand do you 
think of? Two out of three consumers will tell you Colgate. When you ask them, 
what brand do you consider?  90% of them will tell you, Colgate. We are the most 
distributed brand. We reach 1.7 million outlets directly and a 7.1 million total reach, 
which is the most reach of any toothpaste brand in this country. And we have a 
portfolio that spans across all benefits. So starting with cavities ending with 
gums and everything in between, we have a brand that sits across every single 
benefit spectrum, and you will see that the other players in the category are a bit 
more choosy in terms of which segments in which they operate. We are three 
times the size of the second toothpaste brand. And there are segments where 
we are not number one, like freshness, for example. But we're certainly making 
inroads with a view of us getting to that number one position. 
And why does all of this work? It works because every single Colgate product 
actually is built on a foundation of superior technology. We had the joy of having 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
Abhinav Bindra here on Friday, so he's very fresh in my mind and he gave a quote 
which I absolutely loved. He said, “A shot is not shot, It is built.” And I think that's 
actually true of everything that we do here at Colgate. It's not just about putting 
some paste in a tube, but it's actually built ground up from superior technology, 
superior packaging that leads to superior consumer experiences. 
Okay. With that, I'm going to shift gears. So that was a little bit about the 
category. I'm going to shift gears into what has been our strategy, I hope starting 
of course, with the first half of the year performance. All of you know this 
probably in greater detail than I do. So I'm not going to labour the point other 
than to say that we are quite happy with the way that we've started the year, and 
our strategy remains absolutely consistent. This has been the strategy for the 
last shade over three years. Our job is to grow the toothpaste category and by 
growing our core, make sure that we are transformatively taking the opportunity 
to make premium toothpaste much bigger, lead the category growth in 
toothbrushes, and build personal care underpinned by a set of key enablers. 
So starting with leading toothpaste category growth. And the first part of that is 
about driving category consumption. This is something like I told you that for the 
you know, for the last little while, we've been doggedly at it, the 80% to 76% 
percent people who brush twice a day in urban India might not seem like a lot, 
but we are actually feeling very proud that we've been able to at least move this 
needle And the various things that go towards it is foundational oral health in 
schools, through the Bright Smiles Bright Future program. We've been at this 
version of this program, certainly for five decades or more in this country. The 
Oral Health Movement, which we restarted two years ago after a gap with Covid 
in its first year, got about 4.5 million people to take the virtual test on their 
phones. This year, we have brought it back, adding a layer of virtual dental 
consultations, and we've been really excited by the fact that people in the most 
remote of areas are now opting for a free dental consultation. The Brush Twice A 
Day campaign, many of you, I hope, would have been. The don't go to bed at night 
with sweets on your teeth campaign. I hope you would have seen it. And the fact 
that if you brush at night, you have 50% less chance of cavities. And then we've 
done a lot of work on rural India and driving behaviour change. A lot of effort 
that's gone into us going absolutely to the grassroots.  
So BSBF our Bright Smiles Bright Future program. Like I said, it's been running a 
multi-decadal program that is partnering now with eight state governments who 
have given us access to all the government schools. Last year we covered about 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
40,000 schools in that ballpark. And when I say we covered the school, it's not 
just a, you know, a light touch. It means that we physically went to the school, did 
the entire program, had the demonstration of what good oral health looks like, 
gave each of the children in that school a tooth paste and a toothbrush and a 
brushing calendar to take home so that they can make sure that they're 
cementing their habits. In 1200 of these schools, we also left behind a wall 
painting that reminds them about brushing twice a day, because it's interesting 
that while 45% of rural India brushes daily, what hides under that number is 
actually most school children brush daily. Now we need to get the school 
children to move to twice a day brushing while we get their parents to brush at 
all, and they are actually great bringers of change. 
I touched upon the Oral Health Movement, 4.5 million people who have scanned 
the roughly almost a billion packs that we have put our QR code on over the two 
versions of the oral health movement. The little blue dots represent the pin code, 
so you can see it comes across the length and breadth of India. Over 1 million 
people have taken a dental checkup. If you remember the number for my first 
slide, only 9% of people actually go to a dentist. So for one brand to get a million 
people to go to the dentist, I think is quite sizable. And we are exceptionally 
grateful to the 60,000 plus dentists who actually give us their time, absolutely 
free of cost. So this is a no cost activity for consumers, which we're very, very 
grateful that they are availing of. And then the brushing at night piece in a little 
bit more detail, the Sweet truth campaign that we've discussed already, we had 
integrated it into IPL of different sweets league or the competition between 
different geographies and different sweets, and the fact that you can reduce 
your cavities by 50%. So we're very excited about this partnership. I mean very, 
very credible voices adding their weight to the fact and the need to brush your 
teeth twice a day.  
And then in rural India, we have realized we've tried a few models in rural India. 
We have realized, however, that the level of intervention that you require to move 
this in rural India, in some communities is actually quite intense. And the model 
that we found to be most successful actually is an almost small crowd contact 
model. We've gone back to physical street play. So where people go from village 
to village actually doing the street play and explaining it. And then of course we 
have a pre and post measurement and we're very excited by the outcomes of 
that. And so you will keep hearing us doing more of this. 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
The second leg of the first pillar is to grow core three parts to it, superior 
technology, superior consumer experience and improving physical availability. 
The superior technology part, I say it like it's something that it's quite simple, but 
actually this is where the mind and the heart of the Colgate brand sits, which is 
superior science. And if I can just take the cavity one as the example, the 
inclusion of arginine actually means that in clinical research, Colgate strong Teeth 
is better at prevention of cavities and remineralization by a factor of 8X versus 
the number two player. So this is not a minor difference in technology saying it's 
a slightly better product. This is actually significant clinically proven superiority 
which we then package into a product that consumers also believe is superior. 
And similarly, the case across Max Fresh and Colgate Active Salt as well. 
And then there is the consumer experience apart from the superior products is 
of course the packaging because that's the moment of truth. And that's what you 
pick up on the shelf. And I think we've made significant leaps in making our 
portfolio look more premium and more desirable on the shelf. All of it tested, and 
then all of that backed up by communication. And what we've learned over the 
last little while, particularly in the premium space, is the use of digital 
communication. And we'll talk about it shortly. 
Second pillar going straight into premiumisation. We have three key brands that 
sit here: Colgate total, Colgate Visible White Purple and Colgate PerioGard. These 
are our three key focus areas for premiumisation underpinning that all identically 
are the same pillars of superior technology. Actually the Colgate total is the most 
patented toothpaste in the entire world. It is also and I love saying this the most 
used toothpaste by Colgate employees. So maybe they know something. And 
then we have Colgate Visible White Purple which is the newest launch, this is a 
launch that's now a shade under two years. It will be two years in the next 
quarter. The single most successful innovation of Colgate-Palmolive India, and a 
toothpaste that has a really simple premise that on the color wheel, purple is at 
the opposite end of yellow. And therefore when you brush with the purple 
toothpaste, you cancel yellow, giving you whiter teeth. What's been really exciting 
about driving this entire premium mix is actually the way to take communication 
to India these days. Gone are the days where you could put a TV asset and watch 
it for a few months. Now we have a model that really takes a single advertising 
idea, breaks it up into many ideas, and then explodes those mini ideas with 
influencers, key opinion leaders, and of course, brand led communication as well. 
And for total, underpinned by a cultural platform of sport and for visible white, 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
underpinned really by a cultural platform of beauty arbiters and beauty 
occasions. And this is how it comes to life. So you have a TV asset, you have a 
multiplicity of social assets and a multiplicity of other touchpoints where all of 
this comes to life. And we're very excited about the fact that each of our brands 
now has a hook in culture that allows it to sit where consumers are, rather than 
becoming an interruption to their lives, as erstwhile advertising was. And we've 
really been excited to do the IPL. I'm a big cricket fan, so really excited to do the 
IPL. We continue to do these kinds of partnerships, and the wedding activation 
for Visible White is now in year two and this is the outcome. So the proof of the 
pudding is really in the eating so what we've done all of this. And so what's been 
the outcome. The purple line is where we started last year with visible white 
brand health. And this is spontaneous awareness of brand health. So when you 
ask a consumer what brands of toothpaste do you know. And she tells you 
Colgate that's top of mind. She tells you Colgate visible White. That's 
spontaneous awareness. So it can be a lot of brands that she tells you as 
spontaneous awareness. But this is without us prompting the brand. And so to 
get visible white and Total to come up spontaneously is quite exceptional. And 
the outcome is that we now grow 5X faster than our key competitor in premium 
toothpaste. And the fun doesn't stop or the magic doesn't stop in this case. So 
we now have a whole range of Harry Potter toothpaste and toothbrushes that are 
going into market as we speak. The kids version is already in market. The adult 
versions follow in just a couple of weeks, and then we've all seen the toothpaste 
tube. It's been the same tube that we've used for a while. So there is a format 
innovation as well, which is the tooth paste pump, vacuum sealed. So it makes 
sure that it constantly gives you absolutely the best flavor of toothpaste. And we 
are expecting to launch this across both adults and kids. And in kids we have a 
whole new cartoon theme called Bluey, which I believe my kids are a little bit 
older than this, which I believe is quite the rage amongst people who have young 
children.  
And then of course, improving availability. We need to make sure that we are 
driving it at the right, right price point. So both Visible White and Total now have 
a pack that's been priced under a 100 Rupees at sweet spot pricing. And that's 
really what we are taking to the indirect trade or to the general trade, to make 
sure that we can multiply the distribution. And I'm sure most of you shop in 
modern trade, so an opportunity for us to drive discovery in modern trade. This 
is actually an area where I feel the execution prowess of Colgate has come to the 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
fore, and over the last 3 or 4 years has made a material impact on how we 
appear. 
And coming to e-commerce. It's been discussed a lot, the ability and the desire 
to win on screen supercritical for a brand like ours. I'm really happy to say I've 
said this before. I'm going to say it again, really happy to say that e-com for us is 
growth accretive, margin accretive, premiumisation accretive, share accretive. So 
it is a channel that is actually full of goodness on absolutely every count. And as 
we look at quick commerce, we then say that quick commerce is growth 
accretive, margin accretive, premiumisation accretive, share accretive to our 
e-com business. So as channels evolve, actually we are in a really, really good 
position. 
And then of course there is Sensitive. We've discussed this before. We are very 
much the challenger here to another brand, but we have an opportunity because 
underpinned by science, Colgate Sensitive actually has some exceptional 
technology that works to give instant relief as well as 24 hour sensitivity 
protection. Lots of work that's been done on repackaging this, as well as a 
demand creation platform. And as a result of this, we've just started in January 
this year. We actually, be it on a very small base, grow ten times faster than the 
sensitivity category. 
We discussed this the last time we spoke in May on how we are keen to build a 
therapeutics business. We believe we have a right to win over here very recently. 
Actually, this is, I think, really hot off the press. Colgate is the only brand that has 
been certified by the Indian Society of Periodontology, or the people who 
manage gum disease. We are the first people to get this seal, the only brand to 
have this seal on our PerioGard brand. And we're using this along with the fact 
that we have an outstanding regimen of paste, brush and mouthwash to ensure 
that we drive prescriptions. And for this, we are doing a massive amount of 
investment in both sampling as well as increasing our feet on street or increasing 
our oral care experts who go to dentists. 
I come now to the third pillar, which is leading category growth in toothbrushes. 
We are the number one toothbrush brand in India. We play across a range of 
price handles, so it starts at Rs. 10 and ends at our most recent launch, which is 
the Rs. 299 Colgate Total Toothbrush, and everything in between for every 
benefit segment in between. Like I told you, we are seeing an uptick in volume in 
rural India because people are replacing their handles more often. And in urban 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
India, we are seeing our ability to drive people up this pyramid, because the 
growth in the premium and super premium segment far outstrips the growth in 
the value and mid-tier segments. And given that most people keep their 
toothbrush for nine months, a 200-300 Rupees investment actually on a 
monthly basis is not that much. And here are some of our key actions on driving 
toothbrush growth value tier, mid-tier. Obviously, availability is the answer. The 
wider we get, and there's still a gap between toothbrush availability and 
toothpaste availability in this country. So the wider we get the better. Regimen is 
a great opportunity for us. So every premium toothpaste of ours has the 
matching toothbrush that makes the regimen work. And then of course, children's 
toothbrushes remain an opportunity also because children are just learning how 
to brush and the better the quality of their toothbrush, the better the quality of 
their oral care outcomes.  
Lastly, I come to personal care. I must confess that this has been an area of 
disappointment. We've not done a great job with Palmolive. There are some green 
shoots, one of which is that we now lead the premium handwash segment, which 
is great, but it is a relatively small segment and we have an opportunity to grow 
it. We have recently entered into a partnership with Bombay Shaving Company 
to help make sure that the two of us can work together to build the digital 
presence of Palmolive Body Wash, and to make sure that we are taking the 
learnings that has made Bombay Shaving Company so successful into Palmolive 
to help us to grow this brand. So I hope that as we go forward, we will have better 
and better news on Palmolive. So that brings me to the end of my section on the 
strategy. I'm going to hand it over to Jacob to cover the financial performance. 
Thank you very much. 
Mr. M.S. Jacob  
Thank you Prabha, and good evening everybody. So a quick glance back at what 
we achieved in the first quarter of sales was Rs. 1591 crores, which was 12% and 
for, that means for the first six months of the calendar year, we are 10.5% ahead 
of our oral care peers. Profitability at Rs. 343 crore was up 10.6% excluding one 
off on a comparable basis. So this excludes the IDS related to GST impact and 
some restructuring impact. And profit after tax at 22.3% is at very high levels. 
So in terms of driving efficiency, building best in class profitability. So you will 
vouch that we have among the best financial ratios in the industry. And we've 
achieved this through continuously strengthening our margin profile, driving 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
efficiency through funding the growth program, which I will cover in a moment, 
and stepped up brand investments. 
Our balance sheet continues to be as strong as it was ever, bolstered by efficient 
working capital, and our networking capital continues to inch further lower in 
terms of the negative per cent to sales and sustained cash generation. In terms 
of shareholder returns or return on capital employed continues to inch upwards. 
Dividend payout has been consistent over the years and since, listing at 22% 
CAGR, we've given very good returns to the shareholders. 
So if you look at our margin profile over the last few years, if you take the first 
block FY21 to FY23, where in the 65 to 68% levels, and if you look at FY24 to FY26, 
69 to 70%, and Q1, we reported 69.7%. And how did we deliver this, identifying 
manufacturing efficiencies, localization of sourcing that's replacing imported 
material with local material, automation initiatives at the plant and right through 
the supply chain up to the warehouses and favourable product mix. And at the 
same time, while we've garnered all the savings, we've also put a lot of it invested, 
a lot of it back through product superiority. Prabha talked about the Arginine 
formula for CDC or Max fresh formula was upgraded or CAS formula was 
upgraded. So we continuously continue to keep our formula ahead of eyeball 
competition.  
Trade and consumer spends at the same time have been competitive and we've 
also been contributing to this ESG piece not service in terms of compliance with 
what the government needs us to do. But going beyond that, we talked about the 
recyclable tubes 100%; now technology that we've developed and we've opened 
it up to a competitor free of cost now.  
So this is the funding the growth program as gross margin savings. We get 
between 4 and 5%. And this is something that's muscle memory to this company. 
People across the chain, whether it's marketing, sales, not just supply chain, 
finance, everybody talks about efficiencies. And every day when they come to 
work, it's always at the back of their mind. How do we find an additional rupee to 
put back into the business? So what it's allowed us to do is a bit of margin profile 
and our profitability.  
We've been investing on our business and we've invested significantly behind our 
premium business. And you can see it's up to 2.5X as a percentage contribution 
to overall toothpaste sales. And we are seeing a great level of elasticity here. The 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
more we invest here, the more uptake we are seeing in terms of incremental 
sales.  
And so what we've done recently, a lot of this increase in advertising, you saw 
15.8%, we reported a lot of the incremental is going into the premium portfolio 
into new channels. And we will continue to invest here with the upward bias. 
Given the returns we are seeing, it gives us a good leg to further accelerate 
growth in our business. And so we think it is the right way, the right thing to do. 
Plough back some of the savings that we've got from higher margins and higher 
profitability into growing a premium business even faster than the level at which 
we are growing. So you saw Q1 was 252 crore in advertising, which was 34% up 
year on year.  
So again, just to illustrate the same point, or EBITDA is 500 bps clear of the 
nearest competitor. If you look at this, look at that chart. And what this allows us 
to do is make that call on investing and growing faster, or continue to grow at 
profitability at a higher level. Right now, we are making the call that will invest 
more and grow the business faster and accelerate it.  
I covered a bit of this in the balance sheet section, so cash gen continues to 
improve. So the last financial year it was Rs. 1800 crore and working capital. We've 
always been at negative. But FY '26 we ended at -15% and this frees up a lot of 
cash for us to, Plow back into CapEx or rep it as dividend to our shareholders. In 
terms of enhancing shareholder value or return on capital employed stable at 
121% among the highest in the industry again. Dividend payouts have been 
consistent for all the last few years. And we've returned like 10,000 crore in the 
last ten years to shareholders. 
So to sum up our objective, going forward, a goal would be to drive growth and 
profitability. We've been investing at higher levels than the historical levels. We 
see good elasticity in the premium business, and we're going to double down in 
that area. So we're going to step up investments, drive consumption, drive 
premiumisation. And at the same time, the focus on strong governance and value 
creation will continue. Thank you. With that I hand it over to Aditya to chair the 
Q&A session. 
 
 
 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
Mr. Aditya Desai 
Thank you Jacob. We'll start with Q&A, just allow us few minutes to set up. I would 
request Prabha and Jacob to come on stage, please. Thank you. We'll start with 
the Q&A. We’ll first begin with the questions in the room. So we have a few 
questions but we'll start with Abneesh. 
Mr. Abneesh Roy, Nuvama 
Yeah. Thank you. I have two questions. My first question is on the year which went 
by. So in the last two quarters, we have seen very good improvement. Prior to 
that, the competitive intensity in the sector was very high, can that come back 
and derail the last two quarters strong outperformance? Because generally it is 
very easy to copy paste what you are doing with other players. So what can 
prevent that from our side? 
Second is when I see Sensodyne, 2000 crore CapEx, their whitening toothpaste 
currently has very high advertising, and I think they are very differentiated 
because you, the other player all are violet packaging, similar toothpaste similar. 
But Sensodyne Whitening toothpaste is different. It is actually looking white also. 
Plus I think their overall connect with chemistry is also very good, just like yours. 
So your thoughts on growth and market share in the whitening part of the 
toothpaste. 
And third of course is in terms of sensitive, although you are very under index 
versus the market leader, why is it not in the top three premium focus? Is it 
because it's too small? Ultimately you can't take everything as a topic.  
So I just wanted to understand that is my first question.  
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
Starting with last year, I don't think our last year's performance, which was very, 
very subdued, was a function of competitive intensity. Actually, our last year's 
performance was more to do with the fact that we saw a significant slowdown in 
the urban markets in the first part of last year, which actually led us to a lot of the 
interventions that you saw in terms of superiority, the work particularly done on 
things like Colgate Strong Teeth and Max fresh, which are significantly paying off 
dividends now. So I don't see that competitive intensity as either gone up or 
gone down, this is a great category to be in and people are giving it their all.  

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
To your question on our Competitor’s Whitening toothpaste, actually, when you 
own a segment, it's a good idea to have more competition come in and talk 
about it. Whitening penetration in this country remains around the 2% mark. If 
you see other countries and let me take, you know, the US as an example. 
Whitening toothpastes I think are about 20-25% of the market. So penetration 
obviously will be of higher  magnitude. So when we see more people come into 
the whitening market, and it's not just the competitor that you named, it's pretty 
much everybody who is attempting to bring in a whitening toothpaste. It will, 
what it will do is serve to grow the market. As you can imagine, our shares in 
whitening are like massively ahead of our overall shares, like massively ahead 
because we were the pioneers in this segment. I think Colgate Visible White kind 
of defines the segment. So it's not a bad thing when somebody comes in and, 
you know, attempts to help us to grow the segment. So are we worried? No, I 
don't think we are worried. 
To the last question on sensitivity, where we actually absolutely play the 
challenger role. I think the interesting thing about sensitivity is that it is a 
problem solution. It's the kind of product that you use when you have a problem, 
you're looking for a solution, and there is a finite limit to that problem, because 
it's not everybody in this room who suffers from sensitivity and therefore looks 
for a sensitivity toothpaste. So in that finite problem solution space, for us to be 
able to carve out a portion of that I think is absolutely a viable proposition. And in 
terms of priority for us in premiumisation, Colgate Total, Visible White and 
PerioGard remain key priorities. This one we see as a challenger opportunity. 
Mr. Abneesh Roy, Nuvama 
One quick follow up on this. So Sensodyne earlier in India and globally was owned 
by a pharma company and now by Haleon. So I wanted to understand in terms of 
the chemist touchpoints and the referral by the dentist how over index or under 
index will be versus with that player.  
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
I think you might want to ask that in Delhi. So I'm going to not comment so much 
on what they do, but I'm going to give you a perspective on what we do. And I 
think we still remain the number one dentist used toothpaste in India. We have 
actually, over the last little while, significantly increased our feet on the street to 
drive the dentist advocacy. We have a robust multi-year partnership with the 
Indian Dental Association. And that's why we get, you know, in the oral health 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
movement, 60,000 plus dentists generously offering their time. And now we 
have the ISP seal of recognition for PerioGard as well. So I think from a dentist 
and Colgate relationship perspective, I think we are in a really strong position. I 
think the team does an amazing job, and it's actually going from strength to 
strength, both in terms of investment and in terms of the outcomes that we see.  
Mr. Abneesh Roy, Nuvama 
Last quick question on Palmolive. You were candid enough about not being 
satisfied. I wanted to understand here will a D2C acquisition help what purpose 
Bombay Shaving Company is serving here? Because they themselves might be 
having some level of a challenge in the current context. And second is in your 
read, when you tried on your own without this tie up, what was the lacking thing 
because clearly differentiated product and premium products.  
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
So I think our learning has actually been that the flywheel over D2C brand is 
slightly different from the flywheel of the kind of brand that we are used to doing. 
We did try it on our own, and honestly, I don't think we were best in class. We like 
to be the best in class at pretty much everything that we do, from what we are 
seeing of the partnership so far and it's early days, we are very, very optimistic 
about what Bombay Shaving Company brings to the table already early green 
shoots in terms of performance, and it's like I told you, it's a very nascent 
partnership. So I'm optimistic. Also, as I said before, it comes off a base that we 
are not happy with as a company. And so there are miles to go, and I think the 
early wins will be easy. We'll see where it goes in the next 2-3 years. But right now 
optimism is very high. 
Mr. Abneesh Roy, Nuvama 
If you could clarify what they are bringing to the table, they are handling the 
media spend? 
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
They are actually handling the entire brand for us at the moment end to end. 
 
 
 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
Mr. Mihir Shah, Nomura 
Hi Prabha, Hi Jacob, Mihir from Nomura. Thank you for taking my question. And 
firstly, congrats on tying up with KBC and getting Harry Potter both for kids and 
adults. I'm looking forward to it. Firstly, while the category has seen universal 
penetration, there seems to be still significant headroom opportunity in both 
premiumisation and per capita consumption. So firstly on premiumisation now 
one has the tailwind of quick-com, E-com which is relatively very accretive for 
the business and which way. But when you see the, you know, contribution is still 
at 6% versus many food categories we've seen, you know, E-com contribution 
going upwards of double digits, etc. what more can be done here? I understand 
the products are any which way they're in place and largely distributed, but is 
there anything else that can be done to accelerate this? And on the per capita 
consumption bit, you know, you have a very large, Bright Smiles Bright Future 
program where you're tapping into a very large, newer consumer set in the rural 
areas. Any sense you have with dual brushing, you know, for rural kids, how much 
adoption has that happened there? And what do you think are the thoughts as 
this generation comes in? What can we think about the contribution to the 
overall. So that's question number one.  
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
So I'm going to take the first part first. The 6% contribution of e-commerce is 
actually the market, it's not us. Our contribution is actually double digit. So just to 
shade over I mean early double digits actually. And so and that's why it is share 
accretive growth accretive etc. that I mentioned. So I think we are in a good 
position. We're actually driving this forward. And what e-commerce quick 
commerce allows us to do actually, is the discovery of products that we will not 
be able to distribute across the 1.7 million outlets. So what you mentioned the 
Harry Potter's, the pumps, the Max fresh as a sensorial range which includes 
watermelon and rainbow toothpaste, etc., all of that. What e-commerce, quick 
commerce allows us to do is to drive discovery of that, and when we see it get 
traction there, we are then able to travel it into the modern trade environment. 
On per capita consumption, to your question, we don't at the moment measure 
dual brushing or twice a day brushing in rural India, we think we have a massive 
enough task of getting everybody to brush every day. We are really excited to 
see 55 becoming 45, which I think is fantastic. I mean, 10% in three years is quite 
substantial for India's rural population. So quite a dramatic improvement. I think 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
our first job will be to get near universal, you know, brush every day before we 
start measuring the twice a day. But to your point, the Bright Smiles Bright Future 
program when it teaches oral health, one of the pillars is brush twice a day. So we 
do expect that some children are hopefully taking home that habit. I don't have a 
measure of it.  
Mr. Mihir Shah, Nomura 
Understood. Secondly, you know Colgate's reach and brand equity is relatively 
quite strong. You know, any thoughts on how one can leverage that by getting, 
you know, into some mass market sub category in personal care. And I know that 
probably getting into a mass market category can be margin dilutive. But I just 
want you to know your thoughts around are you open to entering in or getting 
into maybe like just an example, mass market soaps significantly large category 
can be touched upon. Yes, dilutive. But it can bring in a lot of growth which is 
what the country gives you. So your thoughts around that. 
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
So a two part answer. If you mean with the Colgate brand, then I must tell you 
that I had an interesting story that when I first walked into this company, there 
was a poster of something called Colgate Lasagna that got launched, I think, in 
the US some many, many decades ago. We are very much as Colgate, though all 
joking apart, we are very much focused on oral care. So Colgate will be an oral 
care brand. If you are asking me, is there potential for us to get into other brands 
in this country from the global Colgate portfolio? I've said this repeatedly that I 
think the answer is yes as this trajectory and performance continues in oral 
health. I do imagine that we will see more.  
Mr. Mihir Shah 
Understood, that was more specifically on the mass categories, not on getting it 
from the global.  
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
I think there are opportunities for us in categories that make money as well. So 
I'm not sure we necessarily need to go into the low margin mass category. That's 
not necessarily the direction we would travel in, but there's enough opportunity. 
We are relatively limited portfolio company, so there are enough opportunities in 
categories that have the opportunity to make money.  

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
Mr. Mihir 
Understood, if I may just ask one to Jacob. Jacob, If one looks at the past couple 
of years, the quarterly volume growth trend, you know, for a category which is 
significantly higher penetration, a daily consumption category, the volatility is a 
bit too much for one's comfort. You know, we have seen high single digit growth. 
We've seen early declines. And you know and now again coming back. How 
should one think about with everything that you know Prabha highlighted what 
she's doing. How should one think about, you know, a steady state growth on 
volume side, you know, for a medium term for a category and maybe in the near 
term also if you can talk about you have a significantly lower base that you will 
start lapping now. So should one expect higher growth in the near term because 
of that?  
Mr. Jacob M. S. 
See the category growth in the over the long term has been a bit soft. I mean, if 
you look at the last five years or even a little bit longer, so, you know, the growth 
mainly comes from pricing over the last few years, right? And could have been 
one year up and down. But if you just smoothen it over time. But we are now 
looking at a much more balanced growth, which is, you know, not entirely price 
driven but more balanced with volume and mix. Mix would mean premiumisation. 
And you saw we are growing at 6X and we need to continue the premium growth 
because ASPs you know, 2X-3X. That's one way to grow the portfolio. The same 
unit pack that a consumer buys. They are paying much more and therefore the 
sales growth, right? But that would need higher levels of sustained 
advertisements across channels, digital, TV etc.. So that's what we are focusing 
on. So what we are saying is that we will deliver higher levels of growth, but it will 
be a more balanced mix of these three than you know you've seen in the past. 
Mr. Amit Sachdeva, UBS 
Yeah, Hi. Prabha I have a small question on the growth template that has 
emerged. So first of all, congratulations on return to double digit growth. And I 
assume that that sort of a template that you would like to follow staying in 
double digit, because that should be the kind of growth that consumer 
companies should deliver in India. My assumption is that having covered it for a 
while now, if I sort of double click on that expectation, and I clearly see that 
premium side is doing very well, if I assume that it is mid to high single digit, even 
if it's growing 20%, it can add about 2% to the overall that double digit 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
expectation. But despite doing exceptionally 20% kind of growth, I just do the 
rough maths and then comes in pricing and mix. So unless pricing is part of the 
equation, the double digit expectations become still elusive because category 
volume will be two, three, four. You can have good cycles and bad cycles. Now 
with ANP going up, QC supporting you, which is margin accretive, growth 
accretive, urban doing better than even rural. If I look at the last presentation, is it 
safe to say that rising in ANP consistent 4-5% pricing and delivering that volume 
and then mix improving, is that formula that you have discovered that double 
digit is here to stay with that template, because we have seen past patches. So 
having done that for, you know, price increases, do you feel comfortable in that 
template now and should one make that expectation as double digit is here to 
stay? That's the kind of I just would like your thoughts on that.  
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
So I think, you know, I just want to talk a little bit about premium because I think 
when you peg premium at 20% growth, you're actually massively under pitching it 
and there is significantly more opportunity. We talked about the fact that in the 
toothpaste category, only 19% of toothpaste sits at the above 140 index, and that 
number could be anywhere between 40 to 60%. Even if we take a look at the 
shampoo, soap, etc., etc. categories. So we are also seeing that our premium 
business is growing 6X the market so much faster than the levels that you're 
growing that that you were building into your model. But your model at an overall 
level actually is right, which is that we will we are we have found a way of 
delivering a balanced growth between mix, volume and price, like Jacob talked 
about. And that's exactly the model that we will continue to drive as we go 
forward. And that will be the focus where the volume will come from us, ensuring 
that we keep our core brand superior and competitive, because that's where 
really the volume comes from. Mix obviously comes from the premiumisation 
part. And then of course, pricing. There will be good years on pricing and there 
will be not so good years on pricing depending on what competition does, what 
inflation does, what the market overall does. So that will then become the third 
leg of the wheel. But if you're looking for me to give you a comment on the exact 
amount of growth, we never do that. Not going to start now. But that's absolutely 
the formula. 
Mr. Amit Sachdeva, UBS 
I'll just hope that you do double digits. We have well-wishes on this side.  

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
Thank you.  
Mr. Amit Sachdeva 
Yeah. My second question Prabha is on. For example, last year when I was here in 
this room, you showed a slide where a lot of international brands would, you 
know, kind of share that this is the kind of portfolio we have. And it sort of 
signalled an expectation that some of these are coming and maybe in a one year 
or two year time frame, but not much progress has been made, or at least 
narrative has not been built by you. Why is this the parent not interested? Or you 
feel it's not required to do it at this stage because QC, e-com and D to C, so a lot 
of excitement is being built in PPC or at least many other categories. And why 
would Colgate not want to participate in it when every new company which has 
no right to exist also they are building 1000 crore brands. I'm just surprised.  
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
So Amit, I think that's a great question. And I'm just going to say that I don't think 
it's a matter of either the parent or us not being interested, because both parent 
and us are very interested. It's just a matter of the right timing for us to do this in 
the context of everything that's happening with oral care and with Palmolive. So 
it's more than a case of lack of interest.  
Mr. Amit 
But do you have any sort of time frame when such things could happen?  
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
Not one that I can share here. 
Ms. Latika Chopra, JP Morgan 
Yeah. My question was actually just to get more color from you on this 
arrangement with the Bombay Shaving Company. If I recollect correctly, I think 
the parent invested into that company and you just mentioned, you know, end to 
end, Palmolive will be managed by them. So if you could, you know, throw some 
more light on what the arrangement looks like. And if you could also share 
anything on financial terms, you know how this is going to work. 
The second question also let me just add it to Jacob. You know, you mentioned 
that growth is going to be ahead of profitability. So are we kind of calling out that, 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
you know, we should be prepared for, you know, operating margins to moderate 
from FY 26 levels. Thank you.  
Mr. M.S. Jacob 
Yeah. So on the second question, first, you know, we expect gross margins to be 
in the range, but EBITDA would be a function of what we are going to invest. And 
you know we invested at the high level of 15.8%. We've seen great growth on 
premium. We're going to double down there. So the bias here would be on higher 
advertising and EBITDA percentage may be impacted. We are not working 
towards any particular level of EBITDA. But as I said, the advertising levels in the 
short term, we should expect it could be going north and the monitorable would 
be the premium growth, because that's where really we think there's an 
opportunity is the most elastic form of demand that in that segment is the most 
elastic. And that's where we go into double down.  
Ms. Latika Chopra, JP Morgan 
Operating leverage to kind of be there to support your operating margins.  
Mr. M. S. Jacob 
Yeah. So you're talking gross margin  
Ms. Latika Chopra, JP Morgan 
No, I am talking about the operating leverage if you get higher growth. Right. 
Because you're so conscious. You just talked about like almost 4.5- 5% of savings. 
Gross margin is going to be pretty healthy. So I was just trying to wonder whether 
there is enough scope for or unless we are thinking about the 16% range also to 
step up from here. 
Mr. M. S. Jacob 
Yeah. As I mentioned, you know, there would be an upward bias even on the 
currently reported quarter advertising numbers. And therefore, in the short term, 
we're not going to, you know, be held by the EBITDA levels, no target at a specific 
level. If we think, spending X more on Total and Visible White is going to give you 
Y growth then you know we are open to doing that. You know, we are not going to 
be constrained because we believe, you know, this is the way we build brands. 
And you know, while in a few quarters, we may be a little bit short on some of 
those ratios over the long term, you know, we build brands. We know how this 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
takes time to stick, premium brands will take back by technology like the 
technology we have on Total. You know once consumers start using it over and 
over again, they will be habituated to use that. So, you know, we are doing it a 
little bit for the longer term. And therefore, you know, while we will continue to 
maximize all the efficiencies that a company of a size offers, at the same time, we 
think sometimes we may need to still invest further ahead of the curve. 
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
And if I take your Palmolive question, what I mean by end to end is really all the 
consumer facing advertising and the customer relationships on Palmolive is 
being handled by Bombay Shaving Company. The innovation, the product quality, 
the supply chain, all of that remains with us. And so why we are looking to 
leverage this partnership, like I said, is because we believe that they have a better 
understanding of how this entire D2C flywheel works. It's not a flywheel that we 
understand as a Company, so we're looking to learn from them. And that's why 
we've entered into this partnership. 
Mr. M. S. Jacob  
Yeah. Just to add to that, when we mean end to end, it's for e-com and D2C only. 
So modern trade, traditional trade, those will stay with Colgate. We continue to 
manage that piece. Traditional advertising all that stuff will be ours. They will do 
only the e-com and D2C.  
Mr. Jay Doshi, Kotak Securities 
Hi, this is Jay from Kotak. Thanks for the opportunity. I've got a couple of 
questions. First, the bookkeeping one. Could you give us your salience for 
modern trade e-commerce, quick commerce channels. And again if you can 
share, you know, once in a year the salience of premium because X to 2X-5X if 
you could actually share actual numbers.  
Mr. M. S. Jacob 
So we don't typically give them. So what we showed was the Nielsen numbers 
where you know, e-com, direct modern trade is shown as like 15%  
Mr. Jay 
Those number are incorrect, right? It was 6% if you are 50% of the market and so 
it  means that others are zero.  

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
Mr. Jacob M. S. 
As Prabha mentioned, we've crossed double digit on E-com as a contribution. So 
we don't call out the splits because that's internal. We normally quote Nielsen, 
but you are right, the numbers are a little bit different there as to what we are 
seeing internally.  
Mr. Jay Doshi, Kotak Securities 
Modern trade if you can share. Because again how do we see those numbers are 
not reliable anymore. It was relevant a few years ago. But basically that is why we 
are requesting you for  
Mr. M. S. Jacob  
Further splits we are not calling out  
Mr. Jay Doshi, Kotak Securities 
Premium if you can share.  
Mr. M. S. Jacob  
Yeah, I mean we said we are growing at 6X of the core brands. So you know.  
Mr. Jay Doshi, Kotak Securities 
On a lighter note sir, if you don't share any data, it's difficult to write a one page 
note sometimes. Anyway, last one and I hope you can share some qualitative 
color. See, when you started this journey it was 12-13% A&P spends. Now today 
it's almost 16% right? So can you give us some qualitative color on you know how 
A&P has moved from traditional to digital. How much of your A&P for the 
programs that you, you know, continue over years and how much of your A&P 
today is, you know, directed towards the premiumisation, you know journey. 
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
So I think if you see the way A&P has evolved and this I am sure, true of pretty 
much every company, what we are seeing is a steep drop off in TV viewership 
and therefore our consumers, particularly at the top of the pyramid in the 
bottom of the pyramid, neither of them are watching television. One, because it's 
so much easier to access their phones at the bottom of the pyramid with 
electricity always on and the phone is always available, and everybody now has a 
phone. And at the top of the pyramid, obviously they're just opting out of 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
advertising and so they're moving into non advertised sources. So these two sets 
of consumers are now almost entirely reached by digital. And the middle 
continues to watch television. And we continue to advertise particularly our core 
brands to this middle India on television. If I was going to give you some numbers, 
I think we're about roughly 60% of our money now goes behind digital and the 
remaining behind television. And a significant proportion of our money actually 
goes behind premium, far in excess of the size of the business. So premium 
tends to have advertising ratios that are in the ballpark of 50-60% of our 
business being plowed back into advertising, which gives us the flywheel to allow 
us to generate this 6X growth that we are talking about.  
Our ongoing programs. That's ring fenced investment and that grows steadily 
year on year to make sure that we can continuously reach more and more 
children. So last year we reached 12 million children. And I'm looking at Shilpa to 
keep me honest on this number. So 12 million children that we reach through the 
BSBF program. The previous year it was 10% less than that. This year we expect it 
will be 12-10%, roughly more than the 12 million children. So that for us is a 
non-negotiable, ring fenced spend that doesn't move. The way we deliver, that 
investment could move, but the spend and the reach just increases because it's 
the right thing to do. 
Mr. Jay Doshi, Kotak Securities 
Sorry, I didn't understand 50-60% in premium. So what is that number? It's 
higher than  
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan  
50-60% of the turnover of premium. Is the A to S on premium. 
Mr. Jay Doshi, Kotak Securities 
Oh wow! Thank you.  
Mr. Aditya Soman, CLSA 
Yeah, hi. Thanks Aditya from CLSA. So just one question in terms of increasing the 
gross margin versus a higher spend on A&P, and particularly now that you said 
about half of that higher spend is on premium brands, would it just make more 
sense to cut price for the premium brand? And if not, why not?  
 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
Okay, so firstly I just want to make sure that we understood. I didn't say we spend 
half our money on premium. I said that premium has an A to S ratio in that 
ballpark. So not the same thing. I think the joy of selling a premium brand is that 
you deliver value at a premium, because otherwise you will just cut the price of 
everything and everything will be the same price, right? So the logic is that the 
consumer sees value in a better proposition and a better product, which allows 
her to pay more, pay you more money. And that's why pricing is a lever on our 
premium business. It's not the only lever on our premium business. And in fact, 
we are seeing in toothpaste the opportunity to pull in the other direction. So if 
you see in toothbrushes, for example, the cheapest toothbrush being 10 Rupees 
and the most expensive toothbrush being 300 Rupees, that's a 30X multiple. We 
don't have a 30X multiple in toothpaste, but there are consumers who have the 
desire and the wherewithal to pay more money for more benefits. So actually the 
intention is to push in the other direction, which is to make sure that we are 
constantly innovating so that we get more and more benefits that are worth 
paying more money for.  
Mr. Harit Kapoor, Investec 
Yes. Hi. Good evening. This is Harit from Investec. Just two questions. The first 
one was on distribution expansion. So your oral care slides mentioned that the 
category is still under indexed on distribution. And distribution is still moving up. 
Also you are adding premium. You're adding products to the portfolio. Yet our 
directory has been in the same ballpark of 1.7 million over several years. I just 
wanted to understand whether there is a, you know, an actionable trigger here in 
terms of growth in distribution, or do you think that 1.7 can still, you know, it's 
more throughput per store than anything else that can drive? So there is 
distribution expansion in terms of direct or any other reach a lever for growth? 
That's my first question. 
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
So I think the answer is kind of a qualified yes. Because if you see our premium 
business, it will in the first instance go to these 1.7 million stores, because these 
1.7 million stores are the cream of the entire retail universe in India. Having said 
that, if you see the way India is evolving, particularly the city to city corridors, 
you see where urban adjuncts or urban agglomerations are increasing, like where 
Mumbai ended a couple of years ago and where Mumbai ends now, or any other 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
large city. You're seeing the expansion and you're seeing consumers again who 
have the ability to buy for us to reach the service, the store directly and 
therefore higher quality retail that is available there. That's where we will be 
judiciously adding coverage. So it's not a blanket. Let me add coverage across 
the entire country. But we're definitely seeing an opportunity in urban and city to 
city corridors that are getting created across the country.  
Mr. Harit Kapoor, Investec 
All right. And the second question was more, you know, on ground kind of 
question over the last decade, you saw, you know, this naturals category really 
pick up and ayurveda, the herbal, etc. over the last say 12, 18 months, even in D2C 
or last two years, we're seeing science backed to being a larger share. Now then 
you know, herbal, ayurveda, natural you know your premium products are also 
doing exceptionally well. Obviously you're driving that. Just wanted to get your 
sense. When you look at the competitors who you don't play in that category, but 
just your feedback on how is the consumer moving back to a kind of more 
science based as compared to ayurveda, herbal, natural? Is there a trend? You're 
starting to see some feedback on that.  
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
So I think, you know, I've always been a firm believer in the fact that consumers 
buy benefits and just a product having great science or great natural credentials 
doesn't make that a benefit. She wants the product to do something for her 
fresher breath, whiter teeth, prevention of cavities. You know, stop my gums from 
bleeding, what do you have? And I think the company that convinces her that the 
offering that they have delivered to that benefit will win. And I don't think it is 
about the source of that delivery where it comes from. So that's always been my 
belief. I think what we found as we have got the mixes right on Total, Visible 
White, PerioGard, is that it is absolutely coming alive, that as we tell the story 
correctly, as we talk to the consumers about the superior science that these 
products have. And most importantly, as these products deliver in her hands, 
that makes all the difference. And that's why we are actually seeing a resurgence 
here.  
Mr. Aditya Desai 
Thanks. Prabha, there are a couple of questions on the chat box. 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
What is the demand outlook amid deficit monsoons and commodity volatility. 
And are we going to take any more price hikes? And have we seen any demand 
softness in the rural areas?  
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
These kind of macro questions I always look at Jacob. So yeah.  
Mr. Jacob M.S. 
So we I mean we don't know how this is going to pan out there is the headwinds 
of inflation. There is you know a lot of stuff happening on macro. But you know we 
delivered good growth in the last few quarters. And we continue to see good 
growth coming in. And we believe it's also because of all the stuff we are doing 
on, you know, our communication, the premiumisation and upping of advertising, 
all this stuff. Inflation will be an issue. And, you know, we also keep a close tab on 
pricing. We've taken around the low single digit level of price increases in the last 
little while. We will keep an eye on costs because, you know, gross margin is 
something we are looking to keep in the range and not let it slip by given, you 
know, the advertising investments we are looking to do. But we are going to look 
at this very closely and definitely, you know, not look at increases every few 
months, etc. You know, we know in our line of businesses and given traditional 
trade is a big part of our business, you need to space out price increases, etc. 
and all that learnings from the past will incorporate as we address some of these 
challenges. 
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
And if I can also add that I think one of the things that we've taken rightly, a 
decision on is to ring fence the most vulnerable consumers. So with GST, we had 
the opportunity to increase grammage on our 10 and 20 Rupees SKUs. We 
actually increased the grammage by more than the GST cut, making sure that we 
are softening the blow for those consumers who buy price point packs. And even 
within the face of this inflation, we continue to hold that grammage. And as a 
result of which our Rs. 10 and Rs. 20 actually now offer fantastic value, which I 
think is important at the other end of the pyramid, as much as we look to drive 
the top end towards premiumisation. 
 
 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
Mr. Aditya Desai 
There is one more. It seems that Colgate's marketing investments to improve 
brushing are helping other players, so how can you ensure that benefits remain 
to you?  
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
So I'm not sure where the source of that data is going to come from, but I'm going 
to tell you our, I think, a philosophical answer and a real answer. So I think the 
philosophical answer is that our mission is to improve the oral health of this 
country, and we will take the necessary steps to do that, whether it's brushing 
twice a day or Bright Smiles Bright Future. The less philosophical answer, I think, 
is that if you take a look at growth over the last little while, maybe the numbers 
there are not quite true.  
Mr. Aditya Desai 
We will take last one from Avi 
Mr. Avi Mehta, Macquarie 
Hi. This is Avi from Macquarie. I just wanted to kind of understand your 
perspective on the premium side, because you did highlight that. You said, you 
believe that the consumer looks at benefits. So do you see this, you know, when 
you look at this premium segment right now you have three bets. But is there an 
opportunity across each benefit case that one should look at from a premium 
category over time? Is that how you see the premium category? And second, if 
you could share your thoughts on how you see it from an urban rural perspective 
or a channel perspective? Is this largely a, you know, e-com or largely urban? Or 
any thoughts over there would be helpful? Thank you. 
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
Sorry. Could you just help me to understand the first part of your question 
better? 
Mr. Avi Mehta, Macquarie 
See, when you say, the consumer looks at it from a benefit perspective, right. And 
then logically, the consumer buying decision is from a benefit perspective is how 
you see it. Then is it fair to say that over time this premiumisation lever would be 
along the benefit use cases? Is that the right thought process? And hence would 

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
you see this as an opportunity going forward versus what you have or no? You 
know, so your thoughts on that would be helpful first, and second, as I said from a 
rural perspective, how do you kind of look at that. Thank you.  
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
So I think, you know, do we see this as a benefit-led opportunity. The answer is 
yes. And that's why if you see our three focus premium plays play in three very 
different spaces. So there is the everyday prevention that is Colgate Total which 
is meant to be absolutely family everyday toothpaste. There is a whitening 
toothpaste which delivers all your basic dental health. But the spike is on 
whitening. And therefore if you're looking for something that's a little bit more 
outward, then you're going to sit in that segment. And then there is PerioGard, 
which is again problem-solution, which is that if you have gum issues, which 
unfortunately many people in this country do, then that is the toothpaste for you. 
So we are seeing them as three independent benefits. Could there be other 
premium benefits? Of course they could. And could those benefits come? Of 
course they will as well. But for now, in terms of prioritization, this is where we are 
prioritizing the benefits.  
In terms of the consumer space. Of course, premiumisation is higher in quick 
com than e-com, than modern trade, than general trade. That's the hierarchy of 
the way it's going. But what's interesting really, is that unlike the earlier India, 
where all of this would start in the metros and percolate its way down, what we 
are seeing is that this is quite democratic. We are seeing the uptake of premium 
in tier two towns. We're seeing the uptake of premium in, you know, rural villages. 
And this is really aided by the fact that physical reach no longer needs to be 
there in that town for consumers to be able to access this benefit. And the fact 
that the phone allows us to or digital allows us to communicate to people almost 
on a one on one basis, like, I don't have to do an entire state to get to a certain 
audience. I can just get to the audience that is more likely to buy premium. So we 
are certainly seeing a more democratized desire for premium, which we are then 
able to fulfil through some of these channels.  
Mr. Aditya Desai 
Thanks. I know there are some more questions, but you can connect with me and 
Neethi separately, and we are happy to answer all your questions. That was the 
last question Prabha, any closing remarks?  

         Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
August 17, 2026 
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan 
I want to thank you all for coming. And I want to just reiterate the position that 
Jacob left you with, which is that we are very pleased with the way the business 
is progressing over the last little while. We do think that we found a space where 
our key priorities are being able to be delivered in the way that we would like it to 
be delivered, and the key messages that he left you with, which is the great 
governance of this organization, will continue. And we intend to drive growth 
ahead of profitability as we go forward. So thank you again for making the trip. It's 
really been a pleasure to have all of you here, thanks Jacob. 
Mr. Jacob M. S. 
Thank you.  
Mr. Aditya Desai 
Thanks Prabha. Thanks Jacob. And thank you all for your time and great 
interaction. I would also like to thank Prabha and Jacob for all your time and 
sharing your thoughts. And Shilpa and the entire team here for this wonderful 
event. Monica, thanks for the presentation and request you all to collect your 
smile hampers outside this room and please do share our feedback. Thanks 
again for your time. Thank you.     
Disclaimer - This transcript has been edited for readability and grammatical 
accuracy while preserving the original intent. 
