 
 
 
 
CSL/2026-27/113 
12th August, 2026 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400001. 
Scrip Code :532443 
Scrip ID: CERA 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Scrip Code: CERA 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 8th August, 2026 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
 
With reference to our letter CSL/2026-27/94 dated 27th July, 2026, intimating you about 
the Q1 FY2027 Earnings Conference Call held on 8th August, 2026, please find attached 
the transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
The same will be available on the website of the company, i.e. www.cera-india.com  
 
Thanking You. 
For Cera Sanitaryware Limited. 
 
 
 
Hemal Sadiwala 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As above 
HEMAL 
JANARDAN 
SADIWALA
Digitally signed by HEMAL JANARDAN SADIWALA 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=380008, st=GUJARAT, 
street=6 ,JAYKISHAN 
SOCIETY ,AHMEDABAD,MANINAGAR(EAST) ,380008, 
l=AHMEDABAD, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=f2fe036f7fce318ced974ed8837dfa1e1c2da
169e5861098ce6b05679d5c9f6e, 
pseudonym=3e08b32c6abb4cc08076e6168c7ca9f5, 
2.5.4.20=b0cae7526e125b34f2ec95dab56881936f60053e
b469049f9b5143725d99a76a, 
email=HEMAL.111@GMAIL.COM, cn=HEMAL JANARDAN 
SADIWALA 
Date: 2026.08.12 15:59:50 +05'30'

 
 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY27 Earnings Call        
    Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
Cera Sanitaryware Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 08, 2026 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the earnings conference call of 
Cera Sanitaryware Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone telephone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Devrishi Singh from CDR India.  
Devrishi Singh: 
Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the earnings conference 
call for Cera Sanitaryware Limited for Q1 FY27 earnings, which were announced 
yesterday. We have with us today the management team comprising Mr. Vikas 
Kothari – CFO; and Mr. Deepak Chaudhary – VP, Finance and Investor Relations of 
Cera Sanitaryware. 
We will start with brief opening remarks from the management, following which we 
will open the call for Q&A. A quick disclaimer before we begin. Some of the 
statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature, and 
a detailed note in this regard is contained in the results documents that have been 
shared with all of you earlier. 
I would now turn the call over to the management for their opening remarks. Thank 
you, and over to you, Deepak. 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Thank you, Devrishi. Good morning, everyone, and a warm welcome to all of you for 
joining us on Cera Sanitaryware Limited's Q1 FY27 earnings conference call. I will begin 
by sharing a brief overview of the operational and strategic developments during the 
quarter, following which our CFO, Mr. Vikas Kothari, will take you through the financial 
performance in greater detail.  
Cera has made a strong start to FY27, with revenues growing by 19.5% year-on-year 
during the quarter. Both our Sanitaryware and Faucetware business developed a 
robust performance, contributing 47% and 40% of our revenues, respectively.  
The quarter witnessed strong momentum across our core businesses, with growth 
being predominantly volume-driven. We continue to see healthy traction in the 
project segment, while the retail business carried forward the gradual improvement 
witnessed over the last couple of quarters. Importantly, the growth during the quarter 
was broad-based, with both our retail and project businesses continuing to perform 
well. This reinforces our confidence in improving demand environment and the 
underlying growth opportunities across our key product categories.  
The demand environment continued to evolve positively during the quarter, 
supported by improving consumer sentiment in retail and sustained momentum in the 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY27 Earnings Call        
    Page 2 of 14 
 
 
project segment. Backed by our strong market positioning across the mass and mid-
premium segments, diversified product portfolio and extensive distribution network, 
we believe Cera remains well-positioned to capitalize on the significant growth 
opportunities within our core businesses.  
While the industry continued to witness elevated input cost pressures during the 
quarter, Cera remained relatively better placed than several industry participants, 
supported by its established sourcing arrangements and strong in-house 
manufacturing capabilities. 
Following the pricing revisions undertaken during March and May 2026, cumulative 
price increases now stand at approximately 12% in Sanitaryware and 16% in 
Faucetware. We are pleased to note that these pricing actions have been well-
absorbed by the market. Alongside these pricing initiatives, we continue to focus on 
operational efficiencies to mitigate cost pressures. This will enable us to protect 
margins while ensuring that we remain competitive in the marketplace. 
On the brand front, we recently launched a new integrated campaign, ‘Your 
Moment of Cera’, featuring Kriti Sanon as our new brand ambassador. Her 
aspirational image and wide appeal across demographics make her a natural fit for 
the Cera brand. We believe that the campaign marks an exciting new chapter in our 
brand journey as we continue to strengthen Cera's premium positioning and deepen 
our connect with consumers. The campaign has been rolled out across television, 
digital, and other media platforms and we are confident it will further strengthen 
consumer engagement, enhance brand visibility, and reinforce Cera's leadership 
position.  
One of the key developments during the quarter has been the extension of our 
‘Dealer Management System’ (DMS) to the retailer loyalty program, marking another 
important milestone in Cera's digital transformation journey. The platform will 
strengthen our engagement with the channel partners by providing better visibility 
into secondary sales, inventory movement, and channel engagement. It will also 
enable a simpler and more transparent loyalty program while providing richer market 
insights for faster and better decision-making. We believe that the extension of DMS 
to the retailer loyalty program will become an important enabler of improved 
execution, stronger channel relationships and enhanced operational efficiency. We 
remain committed to adopting digital capabilities that strengthen our competitive 
positioning and support our long-term growth ambitions. 
While the ‘Cera’ brand will continue to remain the principal driver on our growth, we 
will continue to invest in strengthening our newer brands, recognizing that building 
enduring consumer brands required sustained and consistent effort over several years 
before they establish a meaningful presence in their respective segments. This is 
particularly true in the premium category, where consumer trust and brand 
preference are built progressively over a considerable period of time. Therefore, our 
focus at this stage remains on strengthening the underlying fundamentals of our 
newer brands with a long-term perspective, rather than evaluating the performance 
over shorter-term horizons. We remain confident that the investments we are making 
today will create meaningful long-term value as these brands progressively scale over 
the coming years. 
From an industry perspective, the challenges across the operating landscape are 
creating a differentiated environment with larger, more established players being 
able to leverage their scale and set up to deliver more efficient operations. Backed 
by established sourcing arrangements, strong manufacturing capabilities and 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY27 Earnings Call        
    Page 3 of 14 
 
 
efficient supply chain, Cera has been better placed to manage many disruptions 
across the landscape while continuing to service its customers seamlessly.  
For the last few weeks and months, we have progressively reduced our dependence 
on the Morbi cluster by internalizing several key SKUs. This has further strengthened our 
ability to ensure consistent product availability and cater to consumer demand 
effectively. These industry developments have also created opportunities for us to 
strengthen customer relationships and expand our presence across markets. 
Our ability to ensure consistent product availability and reliable execution has 
enabled us to respond effectively to challenging market conditions. And we remain 
focused on capitalizing on these opportunities while maintaining a disciplined 
approach to growth.  
Building on the launch of our new brand campaign, we are entering into the next 
phase of our brand-building journey. During FY27, we plan to invest approximately INR 
85 crore towards brand-building and marketing initiatives. These initiatives will span 
television, digital, social media and on-ground activations to further strengthen 
consumer engagement and enhance brand visibility. Our focus will remain on 
deepening consumer connect and reinforcing Cera's position across key markets.  
Overall, we have made a strong start to FY27 and believe that the Company is well-
positioned to build on this momentum. Supported by improving demand conditions, 
a strong balance sheet, continued investments in strengthening digital and channel 
capabilities, we remain confident of sustaining our growth momentum and 
maintaining our FY27 revenue growth guidance of 18% to 20%. Our focus will continue 
to remain on disciplined execution, strengthening our market leadership, and 
creating sustainable long-term value for all our stakeholders. 
With this, I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Vikas Kothari to take you through 
the financial performance of the quarter. 
Vikas Kothari: 
Thank you, Deepak, and a very good morning to everyone. I will now take you through 
a brief overview of the Company's financial performance for the quarter ending June 
30, 2026.  
Revenue from operations for the quarter stood at INR 486 crore as compared to INR 
407 crore in Q1 FY25. 
Before I proceed further, I would like to highlight a change in the presentation of our 
financial statements. Turnover discounts, which were earlier reported as an expense, 
are now presented as a deduction from revenue from operations. Accordingly, the 
reported revenue for the current quarter has been reduced by 2.5%, and the revenue 
for the corresponding quarter of the previous year has been reduced by 3%. The 
previous quarter's revenues have been restated to be comparable in line with the 
current quarter's disclosure. It is important to note that this change has been driven by 
the evolution of certain dealer incentive schemes. For the current scheme structure, 
presenting the eligible incentives as a reduction from revenue better reflects the 
substance of these arrangements. Accordingly, as per the requirements of Ind AS, we 
have realigned the presentation. This reduces the turnover but does not have any 
impact on absolute profitability or cash flows of the Company.  
EBITDA excluding other income for the quarter stood at INR 49.2 crore as compared 
to INR 53.1 crore in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. EBITDA margins 
stood at 10.1% in Q1 FY27 as compared to 13.1 in Q1 FY26. The moderation in EBITDA 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY27 Earnings Call        
    Page 4 of 14 
 
 
margins during the quarter was primarily due to certain one-time and transitional 
factors that are not expected to recur beyond Q2.  
 
These included a one-time provision towards the long-term settlement of the 
Company's workers pertaining to the previous period, September '25 to March '26. 
Lower absorption of fixed costs due to reduced production amid temporary gas 
supply uncertainty. Additionally, while input costs increased significantly, price hikes 
have so far been reflected mainly in the retail business, with project contracts 
expected to transition to revised pricing post Q2, supporting the margin recovery in 
the subsequent quarters. 
 
Gas cost during the quarter remained elevated, with the weighted average cost at 
INR 48.43 per cubic meter in Q1 FY27 as compared to INR 33.17 per cubic meter in Q1 
FY26. During the quarter, gas consumption was sourced 69% from GAIL and 31% from 
Sabarmati. Overall, gas cost accounts for approximately 3.3% of the revenue during 
the quarter. Input costs, particularly brass, continued to remain elevated during the 
quarter. 
 
In response to these sustained cost pressures, we implemented calibrated price 
revisions across our sanitaryware and Faucetware portfolio over the last two quarters. 
These pricing actions have helped offset a part of the increase in the input cost while 
enabling us to maintain our competitive positioning. 
 
While the retail segment reflected these pricing actions, the project business 
remained relatively insulated due to the nature of pre-booked orders. Going forward, 
we remain focused on protecting margins while maintaining our competitive 
positioning.  
The revenue mix for the quarter was broadly as follows: Sanitaryware accounted for 
47%, Faucetware 40%, tiles 11%, and wellness 2% of the total revenue. On a Y-o-Y basis, 
sanitaryware revenue grew by 14%, Faucetware by 25%, tiles by 22%, and Wellness 
declined by 7%. Our core categories, Sanitaryware and Faucetware together 
accounted for 87% of the total revenues. 
 
Capacity utilization during the quarter stood at 61% for sanitaryware and 96% for 
Faucetware.  
From a product mix perspective, 44% of the sales were from the premium segment, 
37% from mid segment, and 19% from entry-level products.  
Geographically, Tier 3 and Tier 1 cities accounted for 38% each, followed by Tier 2 at 
24% of sales. 
 
Profit after tax stood at INR 45 crore as compared to INR 47 crore in the corresponding 
quarter of the previous year. Earnings per share for the quarter stood at INR 35.15 as 
compared to INR 36.08 in Q1 FY26.  
On the working capital front, we delivered a significant improvement during the 
quarter through continuous focus on inventory management and overall working 
capital discipline. Inventory days decreased from 80 days to 68 days. Receivables 
reduced from 38 days to 30 days, while payables increased from 43 days to 48 days. 
Consequently, our net working capital cycle improved from 75 days to 50 days on a 
Y-o-Y basis. This is another lever we are pushing to drive greater overall efficiency in a 
challenging landscape.  
As of June 30, 2026, our Cash and Cash Equivalents stood at INR 943 crore.  

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY27 Earnings Call        
    Page 5 of 14 
 
 
For FY27, we have planned a capital expenditure outlay of approximately INR 43 
crore. The investments will primarily be directed towards our Faucetware brownfield 
capacity expansion, manufacturing efficiencies, digital initiatives, and strengthening 
our operational infrastructure. Alongside these investments, we also have a 
comprehensive brand building and promotional program planned during the year to 
further strengthen consumer engagement and support our long-term growth 
ambitions. We will continue to follow a disciplined capital allocation approach while 
investing in initiatives that strengthen both our manufacturing capabilities and our 
brands.  
Overall, our financial positions remain strong, supported by a healthy balance sheet, 
prudent financial management, and efficient working capital practices. Backed by 
improving demand conditions and our strong market position, we remain confident 
of executing our long-term growth strategy while continuing to create sustainable 
value for all our shareholders. 
 
With this, I would request the moderator to open the lines for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line 
of Praveen Sahay from PL Capital. 
Praveen Sahay: 
My first question is on the growth of 19.5%, and especially in the major two segments, 
which are 14% and 25%. Can you give some colour on the volume growth as well? 
Because I understand there is a 12% and 16% price hike, and there is a mix of institution 
and retail which would be different. How has the volume growth been for these two 
major segments in the first quarter? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Regarding the growth part, especially when we talk about the last few quarters, the 
growth that we are seeing is volume-driven, which is continuing month on month. If I 
have to give a breakup of the total growth, in case of Sanitaryware, we saw 14% 
growth, which was largely driven by volume, with volume contributing around 10%, 
and price contributing around 2%. Since we took the price increase in May, 
effectively, the impact of the price increase will be reflected in the coming quarters. 
So in Q1, the impact of price was 2%, and the mix had a favourable impact of 2%. This 
constituted the overall growth of 14% in case of Sanitaryware.  
In case of Faucetware, we have shown a substantial growth of 25%, which again was 
volume-led. 18% was on account of volume, 4% was the impact of price, and there 
was a favorable mix of 3%.  
This way, I think the overall growth of 14% and 25% was constituted, and we are seeing 
a similar pattern in the coming months also. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Good to hear that. Second question related to this is, if you can give some color on 
Senator and Polipluz, because those numbers are also included in these 10% and 18% 
of volume growth. Can you give some color on that as well? Is that due to the product 
mix change because Senator contribution is rising? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Just to give you an overall understanding with respect to Senator and Polipluz. Our 
overall approach will remain unchanged as far as Senator and Polipluz are 
concerned, since these are new initiatives. Right now, in terms of the numbers for 
volume growth or mix, it is difficult to give those numbers. 
 
But the overall projections, which we have given during the year, will remain 
unchanged. Right now, these businesses are still in the build-up phase, and therefore, 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY27 Earnings Call        
    Page 6 of 14 
 
 
we believe it is more appropriate to evaluate their progress over a longer horizon, 
rather than updating on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Right, sir. Last question, related to the accounting change. Basically, whatever 
discount was in the expenses, now you are booking it in the sales, and ultimately, that 
is actually improving your margin profile. So the guidance of 13.5% to 14%, adjusting 
for these changes, what would be the margin guidance? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
The impact in absolute terms would not be there, because once you are taking an 
expense and reducing it from the revenues, your EBITDA remains the same in absolute 
terms. There would be a very slight impact on the EBITDA margin percentage because 
your turnover is reducing and the profits are remaining the same. 
 
Assuming that the reduction would be in the range of 2.5% to 3%. Earlier, if you were 
talking about 13.5% to 14% on INR 100, now you will be talking about 13.5% to 14% on 
INR 97. That small change will be there, but apart from that, we remain with the 
guidance that we have given, 13.5% to 14%. You can adjust it for the slight change. 
Praveen Sahay: 
So, in the percentage terms, the guidance is intact. The absolute number will vary… 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Correct. That will be impacted. If I am talking about 14% on INR 100 earlier, now I will 
be talking about 14% on INR 97, let us say. 14% divided by INR 97 comes to something 
like 14.4%. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Got it, thank you. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Julasaria from 360 ONE Capital.  
Varun Julasaria: 
I just wanted to understand, - how much was the one-time settlement in the staff costs 
that you booked, and what is the nature of the settlement? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
What happens is, for the Company's own workers, there is a wage agreement which 
is negotiated with the unions every four years. Like for the staff, you will find that the 
merit increase keeps on happening on a yearly basis. That typically averages in the 
range of 10% to 11%. For the workers, you will find that the increase does not happen 
in the same manner as the staff. 
 
Typically, every 4 years, a settlement is entered into with the union, and that prevails 
for a period of 4 years. Let us say we have an increase of something like 15% to 20% 
every 4 years. That happens once at the end of the fourth year, or the beginning of 
the first year, once the 4 years have ended. Suppose we have a 20% increase; it will 
remain constant for the next 4 years. 
 
Effectively, for the next 4 years, the wage for the staff would remain at, if it was earlier 
INR 100, it will remain at INR 120. There will be no further increases apart from another 
2% to 3% kind of increase, which happens on a regular basis, inflationary kind of a 
thing. 
 
As of now, you can expect something like 15% to 20% kind of an impact on the basic 
wages. On an overall basis, you will find a 15% to 20% increase. The impact on a year-
on-year basis would be 5%, but as of now, it will be an increase of 20% over the wage 
which was being paid to the workers earlier. The negotiations are still going on. It has 
more or less been settled in May, and the kind of increase that we are envisaging 
would be in the range of INR 1 crore per month. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY27 Earnings Call        
    Page 7 of 14 
 
 
 
So, INR 6.3 crore was the effect which has come in for the previous period because 
the last wage agreement had ended in the month of September '25. Since we are 
giving the effect on a retrospective basis, it will be INR 6.3 crore from the period of 
September '25 to March '26, which has been given effect in the current quarter. 
 
So, INR 6.3 crore was for the previous period, and INR 3 crore was for the current 
period. For the current year, we anticipate that the wage cost would be going up by 
something like INR 12 crore for the full year, for this particular period. Because INR 6.3 
crore has been accounted for the previous period, the total impact in the profit and 
loss for the year would be INR 18.3 crore. 
Varun Julasaria: 
I mean, just to understand, this quarterly run rate would now be similar to 1Q, excluding 
the INR 6 crore, which was a one-time settlement, right? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
You are talking about the margins? 
Varun Julasaria: 
No, I am saying for the staff cost, this would be around INR 72 crore kind of a quarterly 
run rate… 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Correct. If you are talking about the staff cost, if you exclude INR 6.3 crore, you can 
expect the same to be replicated for the remaining 3 quarters.  
Apart from the fact that in certain quarters there would be incentive coming in for the 
staff. On an overall basis, if you take the previous year, increase it by mostly 8% to 10% 
kind of a thing, 10%, because staff is increased by a certain percentage, wage is not 
increased by the same percentage. 
 
Effectively, it will be in the range of 8% to 9% for the whole year. And add INR 18.3 
crore onto that. That will give you the whole year projection kind of a thing. We believe 
it will be coming in the range of INR 300 crore for the current year. 
Varun Julasaria: 
Okay, understood.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubhi Gupta from Trinetra Asset Managers.  
Shubhi Gupta:  
My first question is that we are internalizing some SKUs that we were outsourcing, as 
you mentioned. If you could just talk a bit more about that. My second question is how 
many, I think our target for flagship stores this year is about 60, if I am not wrong. If you 
could just update me on the progress on that as well? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
You are right. We have been talking about internalizing certain SKUs. Typically, in the 
case of Sanitaryware, as well as in the case of Faucets, we manufacture most of the 
complex SKUs in-house, and the simpler ones are outsourced. In case of Sanitaryware, 
recently there have been some issues in the context of Morbi not operating up to its 
full efficiency. 
 
In the case of availability in case of Morbi, we were initially, in Q1, facing some 
challenges, and it was anticipated that the challenges may happen from Q2 onwards 
also. But on an overall basis, we have been quite comfortable in respect of the kind 
of SKUs that we have, and the volumes that we have been able to get from Morbi, 
from our outsourcing partners. As of now, we are quite comfortable in respect of 
availability, both in the context of Q2 as well as for the entire year. We do not see too 
much of a challenge. But in anticipation that there could be challenges, we had 
already started the process of internalizing some of the higher selling SKUs from these 
outsourcing partners to make them internally within our manufacturing plant. We are 
already undertaking that exercise, and in case we have problems from the 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY27 Earnings Call        
    Page 8 of 14 
 
 
outsourcing arrangement, we are now well geared up to produce these SKUs in-
house. 
Shubhi Gupta: 
Sure, sir. The second question was about the flagship stores? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Stores, as we have already given guidance, as you are talking in respect of Senator, 
we have given a guidance that we will be going up from 35 to something like 50 stores 
by the end of the current year. We are in line with that. We will continue to scale up 
these stores, and we should end up with something like 50 by the end of the current 
financial year. 
Shubhi Gupta: 
Okay. Sir, this internalization, do we need some additional investment for this or no? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
A small amount of investment is required because the kind of casting lines which are 
required are different for different kind of SKUs. So, INR 2 crore to INR 3 crore of 
investment or small investments which are a part of the routine also. We do that on a 
regular basis also. That kind of investment is required, but we do not require massive 
investment in terms of setting up manufacturing capabilities or getting additional 
machinery. The current facility by itself with some change in the lines which are 
required for specific SKUs, is what needs to be done. 
Shubhi Gupta: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec India.  
Ritesh Shah: 
Two questions. First is with respect to the change in management, the KMP recently. 
Who is going to take over the responsibilities with respect to Senator and Polipluz? 
Could you just refresh us on both those initiatives with a short-term and longer-term 
view? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Regarding the recent resignation of Mr. Baliga, just to update you, he is leaving due 
to personal reasons. His responsibilities were limited to Senator and Polipluz, the new 
initiatives which we started one and a half years back. We have now identified our 
existing national head under the succession plan to lead these businesses going 
forward. 
 
However, Mr. Baliga will continue to support the Company till September 30 to ensure 
a smooth transition. So overall, we do not see any major challenges as far as his exit is 
concerned, since both the businesses have dedicated operating teams, established 
business processes, and a strong second line of management. So as such, we do not 
expect this transition to have any impact on our execution. We will continue to 
progress in the same way as we were doing earlier, and it will now be led by the 
existing national head. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, on the targets? 
Vikas Kothari: 
On the targets also, like I told you, the targets remain intact, which we have given 
initially for Senator and Polipluz. However, on a quarter-on-quarter basis, it is difficult to 
give the numbers because these are still young initiatives and we are moving in the 
right direction, and we see that the targets which we have given are achievable. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. Sir, my second question is, you did indicate about taking certain SKUs in-house 
given the issues that were involved because of external reasons. How should we look 
at this with a longer-term time frame? Like is this something which is a change in 
strategy wherein we are looking to increase the insourcing part and reduce 
outsourcing? How should we look at it? 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY27 Earnings Call        
    Page 9 of 14 
 
 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
That is a continuous process. On a continuous basis, we keep on trying to see because 
the SKU profile also keeps on changing on a regular basis. And now if you see the 
recent past, you will find that this happens on a very frequent basis. Like earlier, if you 
had a certain set of SKUs, which used to have an extremely long-life cycle. Now you 
will find that the life cycle of the SKUs has also started coming down. So it is a 
continuous process. 
 
If you talk about the kind of mix which is there, typically on a long-term basis, the idea 
is always that the plant should be manufacturing more complex pieces and the 
simpler pieces should be outsourced. Whenever the need arises and you have a 
situation like the current situation which had developed in the recent past in respect 
of the war situation, so it is always possible for us to internalize the outsourcing SKUs in-
house, like we did in the current situation. To answer your question, on a long-term 
basis, more complex SKUs would be in-house, but whenever the need arises, we can 
make it a slight shift in the overall mix as required. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Would it be possible to put a volume and a value number for outsourcing aspiration 
number for both Faucetware as well as Sanitaryware, please? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
See, that keeps on evolving. On a long-term basis, we have been kind of maintaining 
a 50-50 in-house and outsourcing kind of a ratio. In case of Sanitaryware, it has slightly 
skewed more towards outsourcing in the recent past. That is also because of the fact 
that apart from the items that we are manufacturing, Sanitaryware would always 
involve certain items which will always be outsourced because it also involves a lot of 
bought out parts like cistern, seat covers, and the flushing mechanism which will 
always continue to be outsourced. We do not want to enter into the manufacturing 
of those. 
 
Same thing in the case of Faucetware also. There are certain SKUs which are made 
of polymer or ABS and which are chrome-plated later on. So these items also will 
continue to be outsourced. We do not intend to enter into the manufacturing of those 
SKUs. Apart from these SKUs, you will find that the mix will keep on changing on a 
dynamic basis. There are certain SKUs which will always be outsourced; apart from 
that, the mix will keep on changing. The idea would always be to have more complex 
SKU’s in-house, and simpler ones outsourced. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Thank you so much. All the very best.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Majethia from Stratton Oakmont Capital.  
Rahul Majethia: 
So, we have delivered great revenue growth, but it has not translated into operating 
leverage. So, is this margin dilution a result of the deliberate and aggressive pricing 
strategy to capture market share from the unorganized players, or is it just because of 
the raw material and fuel cost inflation? And what is the extent of our pricing power 
to pass these inflated costs on to the dealer network in the coming quarters? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
You will find that in the recent past, we have started showing our topline growth. In 
the current quarter, we grew by something like 19.5%. In spite of that, our margins kind 
of dropped by, you can say, 3%. We were something like 13.5% earlier. We were at 
10.13% in the current quarter. This has been primarily because of a certain number of 
one-time impacts which have come in during this current quarter. 
 
You can say it is a one-time and transitional kind of a thing which has happened in 
the current quarter. I will just run you through it. The main idea of what I will be 
communicating right now would be that over the year, the full year for financial year 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY27 Earnings Call        
    Page 10 of 14 
 
 
'27, we expect that the margin that we were predicting earlier, 13.5% to 14%, we will 
be meeting those margins on a full year basis. 
 
The impact on the margins that we see in Q1, 10% is something only because of 
certain one-time factors which have happened during this quarter. I will just try to run 
you through those one-time factors which have impacted profit in the current quarter. 
First was the long-term settlement, which impacted revenues by INR 6.3 crore because 
it was in respect of the previous period from September '25 to March '26. This was one 
time and is not expected to recur in the future periods. If I see the impact of this, INR 
6.3 crore, it had a 1.3% impact on my margins.  
Apart from that, we operated with one single kiln during the month of May and June 
and also part of March. We are talking about Q1, April and May, we operated with a 
single kiln. It was only in the month of June that we started off with the second kiln. The 
fixed costs were being incurred as it is, but only one kiln was under operation. You can 
say our production was impacted to the extent of 30% to 35%. We produced only 65% 
to 70% of what we would have normally produced. This had an impact of something 
like INR 3.7 crore on account of under-absorption of fixed costs. This impacted our 
margins by something like 0.75%. This is again one time and is not expected to recur 
in the future period. 
 
What we have also done during this period is that because the validity of projects 
typically is for one year, we tried to foreclose and deliver as much material as possible 
against the outstanding orders because the prices of brass and even gas were on the 
uncertain side, and we were anticipating that they may be going up further in the 
subsequent periods.  We tried to foreclose many orders as possible, and that is why 
you will find that during this period, the proportion of projects to overall revenues has 
gone up from 39% in the previous quarter to 43% in the current quarter on a quarter-
on-quarter basis. On account of this increased closure, we have had an impact of 
something like INR 4 crore in terms of profits. This is translating into something like 0.8% 
on our overall margins. 
Apart from this, the price increase that we have taken, it has not reflected on the 
project side. Also, what has happened is that we took the price increase in the month 
of May. Even on the retail side, it takes some time for the price impact to take effect. 
What happens is, whenever a price hike is imminent, you will find that the dealers kind 
of rush in to put in orders, and these orders are dispatched whenever they are put in 
before a particular cutoff date. They are dispatched at the same old pricing. Because 
the price increase was taken in the month of May, we had a kind of backlog in orders, 
wherein even for the retail, we dispatched at the old prices and not at the new prices. 
You will find that from the month of July onwards; all these dispatches have now 
started happening for the retail portion at the revised prices only. So this kind of 
delayed price increase effect, you can say, will lead to improved margins in the future 
by 1.5%. If I see it on an overall basis, I will just summarize the various one-time factors 
which had impacted in the current quarter. 
LTS had an impact of INR 6.3 crore or 1.3%. One kiln under absorption of fixed costs 
had an impact of INR 3.7 crore or 0.75% in terms of margins. Impact due to closure of 
old projects, increased closure of old projects, which took our project share also 
higher, was about INR 4 crore or 0.8%, and the delayed price increase effect was 1.5%. 
If I add all of them, I will find that it is resulting in a kind of one-time impact of 4.35%. 
The current EBITDA was 10.1%. So effectively, if this one-time impact was not there, my 
EBITDA would have been in the range of 14.5%. We anticipate that there would still be 
some impact in Q2 also because projects, as I mentioned earlier also, they have a 
kind of validity of six months to one year. Once the projects with the old prices start 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY27 Earnings Call        
    Page 11 of 14 
 
 
getting closed and we start having new projects coming up, and dispatches for the 
new projects start happening, we will find that this change will start reflecting in the 
project segment also. Going forward, we anticipate that the one-time impact of all 
these factors will not be there. 
Projects will start delivering the kind of margins that they are supposed to, from, let us 
say, post Q2. For the whole year, we are confident that the kind of margins that we 
talked about earlier, 13.5% to 14%. As mentioned earlier also, adjusted for the kind of 
reductions that we are doing in terms of turnover, we should be able to deliver for the 
full financial year. 
Rahul Majithia: 
Right. My second question is more regarding the greenfield sanitaryware expansion 
plans. We have previously deferred our INR 130 crore to INR 150 crore greenfield 
expansion plan due to subdued demand expectations. Yet you have just posted 
nearly 20% topline growth. Does this Q1 volume performance trigger a revival of the 
greenfield capex execution? And if not, then how close are we to maxing out our 
current sanitaryware capacity utilization? Do we need to rely more on outsourced 
manufacturing to meet the higher demand?  
Vikas Kothari: 
Regarding the greenfield part, we are seeing continuous improvements as far as 
demand is concerned, especially in Sanitaryware. As I mentioned in terms of the 
numbers, we have seen 14% growth. Prior to this quarter, the growth was roughly 10%. 
This is a positive sign in terms of reviewing the greenfield project which was kept on 
hold for a certain period. 
However, Q1 was somewhat of a one-off, where the capacity utilization in 
Sanitaryware was 61%, because of all these geopolitical concerns, and we stopped 
one kiln, which started operating from June onwards. Both our plants are operating 
from June onwards, and the operational utilization is roughly 80% of the total capacity. 
Still, we have some capacities left. We will review the greenfield expansion also. So by 
the end of this year, if we expect that the demand will continue in a similar fashion, 
accordingly we will take the necessary decision. Once the decision with respect to 
the construction of this greenfield project is taken, the project will take around 18 
months from the date of its start. We think that this positive trend will continue, and this 
will enable us to take a decision on starting the greenfield project. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from line of Anu Parakh from Anand Rathi.  
Anu Parakh: 
As you said that the impact of the project business will be coming from Q3 onwards, 
so can you guide on the EBITDA margin for H2 FY27 and FY 28? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
I did not get it. You are talking about the current financial year or next financial year. 
Anu Parakh: 
Yes, for FY27? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
FY27, as I just mentioned, it is in the range of 13.5% to 14%. We are standing by that 
guidance for the current financial year. For the next financial year, we would want to 
hold that till the end of the year because as we keep on going further into the period, 
it becomes kind of speculative. As of now, we are confident that we will be able to 
deliver the kind of numbers we are talking about, both in terms of the topline being in 
the range of 18% to 20% and EBITDA margins in the range of 13.5% to 14%. 
Beyond that, we would not want to go right now. We will talk about it maybe once 
we start ending the year, and then we will be able to have a better idea about how 
the demand is progressing and holding up. Then we will be able to guide better in 
respect of the next year. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY27 Earnings Call        
    Page 12 of 14 
 
 
Anu Parakh: 
Sir, for H2 FY27, I was asking? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
For the full year, we are still projecting 18% to 20% kind of growth for the revenue, and 
for the full year, EBITDA margins of 13.5% to 14%. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, it 
becomes extremely difficult because it is totally a factor of what one-time events 
keep on happening. For this particular quarter, if you had asked me in Q4, I would not 
have been able to project that we will be having margins which will be lower by this 
extent. 
We had a few items which we knew would be coming up. The long-term wage 
settlement, etcetera, was there, which we had been telling you also, that some 
impact would be there on the margins in Q1. Same thing we are saying for Q2 also. 
There would be some impact coming in Q2 also because projects have not yet 
converted to the revised pricing. But for the whole year, we will be better able to 
guide. We should be ending with 13.5% to 14%, which we are saying right now. 
Anu Parakh: 
Understood, sir. By what timeline do we expect to return to the historical average of 
16% EBITDA margins? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
That is difficult to say because we can go on a year-on-year basis only. Once we are 
at the end of the year, again, looking at the way the demand situation is continuing, 
the kind of growth that we have been able to take, the kind of operational efficiency 
that we have been able to bring, and the kind of competitive intensity which is 
prevailing in the market, based on all these factors, we will be able to guide you better 
at the end of the year. But as of now, the visibility is there only for the current year and 
based on the various factors which are prevailing right now, we will stick with what we 
have given you for the current year. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question is from the line of Varun Julasaria from 360 ONE Capital.  
Varun Julasaria: 
I just wanted to understand the gross margin trend, given that brass cost is still rising, 
and both copper and zinc are at an all-time high. How are we looking at the gross 
margin, and do we intend to take any further price hikes in the coming quarter? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Gross margins have been impacted in the current quarter because of the fact that 
input prices have gone up, and we have taken a price increase, but that takes a little 
time to get reflected on the topline. On an immediate basis, it had an impact on the 
kind of gross margins we have had. Especially in the Faucetware segment, the gross 
margin had been severely impacted.  
 
The brass prices are continuing to go up. Currently, we have reached, you can say, a 
range of INR 900. If it continues to rise, we may have to take a further price increase. 
The price increase that we had taken earlier would start coming in on the retail 
segment from July and on the project segment from the next quarter, let's say Q3 
onwards. 
 
If we take a further price increase, there would be some delay again in it actually 
reflecting on the topline. There would always be one quarter where the retail would 
take two to three months, where the retail takes a certain time to get impacted, and 
a longer period for projects to get impacted.  
We continue to watch the increased raw material prices, and based on that, we will 
evaluate whether we need to take a further price increase in case of Faucetware or 
in the case of Sanitaryware. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY27 Earnings Call        
    Page 13 of 14 
 
 
Varun Julasaria: 
Can our gross margin expand from here? It has come down to 45% to 46%, which used 
to be 50% plus. Is there any scope for this coming quarter or maybe Q3 onwards that 
we can see an increase there, an expansion there? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Again, the current quarter, 46%, as I mentioned, was an aberration. From the next 
quarter onwards or maybe from Q3, we will again start seeing a kind of uptrend. From 
Q3, if the brass prices continue to hold at the current levels and the gas prices also 
continue to hold at the current levels, we should be back at the levels of 51%, which 
we typically used to have. This is again, Q1, the 46% is kind of a one-off margin and 
mostly impacted because of Faucetware, where the brass prices have gone up 
exponentially, but the prices are taking a little time to get reflected. 
Varun Julasaria: 
Okay. On the Faucetware expansion, given that we have reached 96% utilization, is 
there any plan to prepone the expansion that we planned in 4Q, given the current 
demand...... 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Before 4Q, it is not possible because we have already undertaken the expansion. We 
should be expecting that increased capacity to come into effect from the fourth 
quarter. Before that, in Q2 and Q3, it is not possible. But we do not anticipate any 
challenges in respect of material availability because both the in-house and the 
outsourcing have been functioning on a normal basis in the case of Faucetware. 
 
We have a lot of scope for taking procurement from outside also. As well as in-house, 
we have been functioning at 96%. We can go beyond 100% also. It is possible to go 
beyond 100%. So we do not anticipate any availability challenges in respect of 
material for Faucetware till the time this expanded capacity comes into effect. 
Varun Julasaria: 
Okay. This brass cost, last quarter, what was the average? Is it like INR 900 versus last 
quarter? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
The prices have been going up on a continuous basis. I will just give you the kind of 
trend which has been there on a month-on-month basis. Like December, it used to be 
in the range of INR 665. January, it went up to INR 747, February INR 758, March was in 
the same range, April it was INR 800, May it was INR 860, you can say, and June it has 
gone up to INR 880. 
Varun Julasaria: 
Okay. 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Currently in July, you can say it is in the range of INR 900. 
Varun Julasaria: 
Okay. It is continuously going up; we may need another price hike. That is what I want 
to understand. 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Yes, we are evaluating that situation. If it continues to go beyond INR 900, as of now, 
we have taken a price increase which is protecting us up to this current range. If it 
keeps on rising beyond the current range, let's say it goes up to INR 950, INR 1,000 kind 
of a number, then we may have to again think of a further price rise. 
Varun Julasaria: 
Okay. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question is from the line of Rahul from Stratton Oakmont Capital.   
Rahul Majethia: 
I just have one last question regarding our discretionary advertising and promotion 
spend. Especially related to the Kriti Sanon National Brand Campaign, are there any 
more ideas on the table, or do we have any plans to expand our discretionary A&P 
spend? If yes, then in what direction?  

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY27 Earnings Call        
    Page 14 of 14 
 
 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
As of now, the budget is, as I mentioned earlier in my opening remarks, INR 85 crore. 
This includes the kind of spend that we will be doing for TV, digital, social, everything. 
As we go forward, if we feel that the need is there, even for the current quarter, that 
option is always available. It is not that this is cast in stone that it will be at INR 85 crore 
only. As of now, the budget is INR 85 crore. If we feel that we need to increase the 
budget, that can always be done as we go forward. 
Rahul Majethia: 
Thanks. That will be all. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I will now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Thank you everyone for attending this call and for showing interest in Cera 
Sanitaryware Limited. Should you need any further clarification or would like to know 
more about the Company, please feel free to reach out to me or to CDR India. Thank 
you once again for taking the time to join the call.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of CDR India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The 
transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility 
of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
 
