 
Ref No: RML/2026-27/698 
 
Date: July 29, 2026 
 
To,  
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Scrip Code: 543228 
 
 
 
 
Symbol: ROUTE 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
We are enclosing herewith copy of the transcript of the Company's Q1 FY27 earnings conference call for 
Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2026 held on Friday, July 24, 2026.      
 
Further, please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed by the Company 
during the said earnings call. 
 
The same is also available on the Company’s website at www.routemobile.com.  
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Route Mobile Limited 
 
 
 
 
Tejas Shah 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
ICSI Membership No.: A34829 
 
Encl: a/a 
Tejas 
Devendra 
Shah
Digitally signed 
by Tejas 
Devendra Shah 
Date: 2026.07.29 
17:52:31 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
Route Mobile Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call  
July 24, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. TUSHAR AGNIHOTRI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ROUTE 
MOBILE LIMITED 
 
MR. VINAY BINYALA – CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER & INVESTOR 
RELATIONS OFFICER – ROUTE MOBILE LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJ GILL – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – ROUTE 
MOBILE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Route Mobile Limited Q1 FY'27 
Earnings Conference Call  
July 24, 2026 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Route Mobile Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Tushar Agnihotri, Chief Executive Officer. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Route Mobile's Earnings Call for the 
first quarter of fiscal year 2027. I'm Tushar, and it's my pleasure to welcome you all. Joining me 
today are Vinay Binyala, who will take you through the operational and strategic highlights of 
the quarter; and Raj, who will walk you through the detailed financial performance. Following 
our prepared remarks, we will open the floor for questions. 
 
Before we begin, a quick note that our quarterly earnings presentation was uploaded yesterday, 
and I hope you've had a chance to review it. Some of the statements we make today may be 
forward-looking in nature. These are subject to risks and uncertainties, and I request you to refer 
to the disclaimers in our presentation. 
 
Let me set the context for the quarter before handing over. This was a quarter of important 
progress on the strategic priorities we laid out earlier this year. We returned to year-on-year 
revenue growth. And just as importantly, the quality and mix of that growth continued to shift 
in the direction we have committed to, with the new product portfolio growing meaningfully 
faster than the business as a whole. 
 
We are clear eyed about the margin softness this quarter. As Vinay will explain, several of the 
items that weighed on margins are specific in nature and largely transient, and we are actively 
working through each of them. Our conviction in the medium-term trajectory of the business is 
unchanged. 
 
At the same time, we took a decisive strategic step with Heltar acquisition, a precise expression 
of the build versus buy philosophy we articulated at our strategy update in May. And one that 
accelerates our move up the value chain, from messaging into full stack, AI-native customer 
engagement. 
 
We also saw strong external validation of our execution and of the shared global vision with 
Proximus Global. Taken together, this was a quarter of steady operational delivery, disciplined 

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
strategic action and continued strengthening of our positioning for the years ahead. We remain 
focused on execution and on delivering long-term value for our stakeholders. 
 
With that, let me hand over to Vinay to take you through the quarter in more detail. Over to you, 
Vinay. 
Vinay Binyala: 
Thank you, Tushar. Good evening, everyone, and I hope you are all doing well. As Tushar 
mentioned, we uploaded our quarterly earnings presentation last evening, and I hope you had a 
chance to go through it. I will structure my comments in 4 parts. 
 
First, the shape of our revenue growth this quarter; second, a discussion around the margin 
performance and specific items that affected it; third, the key business and product developments 
for the quarter; and finally, a few minutes on the Heltar acquisition, which we believe is an 
important strategic milestone for the company. 
 
First, on revenue. In Q1 FY27, revenue from operations grew approximately 10% year-on-year 
and 2% quarter-on-quarter. I would highlight the quality of this growth. The drivers are the ones 
we have been highlighting for the past several quarters, continued strength in growth in our new 
products portfolio and customer additions to our AI/ML-driven firewall solutions business 
portfolio. 
 
I want to draw your attention to the new products portfolio, RCS, WhatsApp and other IP-based 
messaging solutions. New product revenue grew 14% year-on-year and 11% quarter-on-quarter, 
growing meaningfully faster than the company as a whole. 
 
This is the engine of the business mix transformation we have been committed to, and the 
sequential acceleration demonstrates that we are aggressively driving momentum around the 
non-SMS solution portfolio. The ILD business, which was the principal source of revenue 
decline through FY26, continues to be a challenge in terms of growth for the near term. 
 
Second, let me address gross margins and provide additional context around the reported 
numbers. Gross profit margin for the quarter was 20.9%, which is lower than the levels we exited 
FY26 at. There are 2 key drivers for this margin deterioration. The primary driver is certain 
developments in specific customer accounts. We witnessed temporary disruption in traffic from 
select existing large high-margin customers as we are deploying new solution capabilities to 
address evolving business requirements of these customers. 
 
This is not revenue or gross margin that we have lost, but just a temporary disruption, which will 
be restored in the coming quarter as we continue to offer the new solution capabilities to these 
customers. These are account-specific situations rather than broad-based deterioration in pricing 
or margin, and we are actively working through each of them. The second smaller factor 
impacting gross profit margins in the past quarter is the security incident at our Colombian 
subsidiary. 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
The gross margin performance translated into an EBITDA into an adjusted EBITDA margin of 
9.5% for the quarter. We recognize this is below the trajectory we have guided to. I want to be 
specific here. We view several of the items that impacted this quarter as largely transient. 
 
Third, let me spend a moment on the key business developments of the quarter because they 
reinforce the strategic direction I have just described. We are seeing strong external validation 
of our execution capabilities and of the global vision we share with Proximus Global. And 
practically, it strengthens our right to win in large enterprise engagements worldwide. 
 
Konera, Proximus Global's network API and enterprise connectivity platform won the Best 
Application Service Provider Award at the Carrier Community Global Awards in 2026. This is 
a recognition of the continued innovation coming out of the Proximus Global ecosystem in 
network APIs, a category we believe will be an important growth factor for the industry over the 
coming years. 
 
On the product and platform side, we continue to strengthen our global RCS footprint, expanding 
direct operator integrations and advancing towards broader direct coverage access across 
markets. New partnerships and platform enhancements further reinforce our ability to drive 
scalable, rich business messaging experiences worldwide. 
 
We also further enhanced OCEAN, our omnichannel engagement platform with new campaign 
management, reporting, audience management and white label capabilities, while expanding 
deployments across international markets and progressing strategic use cases. Together with 
Heltar, which I will come to next, OCEAN sits at the core of our ambition to move up the value 
chain from messaging into full stack customer engagement. 
 
Finally, let me spend a few minutes on Heltar, because this transaction is a precise expression 
of the M&A philosophy we have articulated at our strategy update in May. On July 13, we signed 
a business transfer agreement to acquire the identified business undertaking of Heltar 
Technologies Private Limited on a slump sale basis. Heltar is an AI-driven omnichannel 
customer engagement platform. At its core, it turns communication workflows into fully 
automated, self-running programs from a single prompt to a live customer journey. 
 
Its chatbot and automation capabilities span WhatsApp, RCS and voice. And the voice 
capabilities are being extended upon. It carries AI-driven analytics that helps enterprises 
measure and optimize communication performance. The platform is low-code and prompt 
driven, which means enterprises can configure and launch new use cases in days rather than 
months. Several large enterprise customers already run high-value sales and marketing programs 
on the Heltar platform with measurable improvements in conversion rates and ROI. 
 
Why does this matter for Route Mobile? Three main reasons. First, capability acceleration. We 
have consistently said that organic development alone will not close the conversational AI 
capability gap within the time frame the market demands. Heltar compresses what would have 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
been a multiyear internal build into an immediate deployable platform, consistent with our build 
versus buy framework. 
 
Second, distribution leverage. We serve several global enterprise clients, the majority of whom 
use us for a single channel today. Heltar gives our key account and cross-sell teams an AI-native 
engagement layer to take into that base. There is limited incremental customer acquisition cost 
attached to this opportunity. 
 
And third, it directly accelerates our non-SMS revenue, which has compounded at over 40% 
annually over the past 4 years, and is central to our medium-term revenue mix ambitions. In 
terms of structure, the transaction is a slump sale of the identified business undertaking as a 
going concern. 
 
This includes the Heltar brand, the intellectual property, the technology platform, the team who 
will transition to Route Mobile. Heltar's founding team, alumni of IIT Kharagpur will continue 
to lead the platform within Route Mobile. 
 
The transaction is expected to close in the coming weeks, subject to customary closing 
conditions. The transaction is being fully funded through our internal accruals and is not material 
in the context of our balance sheet. To summarize the quarter, we have returned to year-on-year 
revenue growth with new product revenues growing 14% year-on-year and 11% sequentially, 
ahead of the company average. 
 
The margin softness this quarter was driven by specific and largely transient items. Our strategic 
positioning continues to strengthen as reflected in the industry recognition that we have received. 
And we have taken a strategic decision with the acquisition of Heltar. 
 
With that, I will hand it over to Raj to walk you through the detailed financial performance. Over 
to you, Raj. 
Raj Gill: 
Thank you, Vinay, and good evening, everybody. I'll summarize our financial and operating 
performance during the quarter ending June '26 before opening the call to Q&A. As described 
by Tushar and Vinay, the top line revenue grew sequentially and year-on-year, while EBITDA 
margins were impacted by in-quarter specific items. 
 
Our Q1 revenue from operations was INR.11,515 million, representing an increase of 9.6% year-
on-year and 1.8% sequentially. This demonstrates the resilience of our business with strong 
demand for our solutions, heavy healthy traffic growth and continued customer engagement. 
 
In Q1, we reported a gross profit of INR.2,404 million, which is higher by 6.8% year-on-year 
and lower by 8.9% sequentially. Gross profit was affected by a combination of market dynamics 
and specific account-related factors, which we are actively addressing. 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
 
Gross profit margin for the quarter stood at 20.9% versus 21.4% in the same quarter last year 
and 23.3% in the previous quarter. Gross profit margin is primarily affected by the specific 
factors explained earlier. However, we are focused on onboarding higher-margin accounts, 
pushing our new product portfolio and optimizing routine, which will support margin expansion 
over the coming quarters, reinforcing our commitment to profitable growth and long-term value 
creation. 
 
On a reported basis, we constrained opex growth to 2.9% year-on-year, mainly due to salary 
inflation, higher expenditure on consulting fees and a provision for an advance. Adjusted 
EBITDA for Q1 was INR.1,089 million, which is lower by 5.6% year-on-year and 18.9% as 
compared to the previous quarter due to the aforementioned in-quarter margin impacts. 
 
This all contributes to an adjusted EBITDA margin of 9.5%. Adjusted profit after tax was 
INR.686 million, which is up 16.6% year-on-year and lower by 40.1% sequentially, driven by 
EBITDA flow-through. 
 
I will now hand over to the moderator for the Q&A section. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Divyansh Jaju from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Divyansh Jaju: 
Hello, Good evening, sir, thank you for the opportunity, so could you elaborate more on the 
customer retention and how has the annual revenue retention improved over the last few years, 
particularly among main enterprise clients? 
Vinay Binyala: 
So, the customer retention -- the net revenue retention stands at 98% for the year. We had slight 
impact in just one of the key customers, which we are also working on recovering over the future 
period. But overall, we are not seeing significant risk on the existing customer portfolio. As I 
mentioned, there was one high-margin customer where we are trying to do a product upgrade, 
new feature rollout. So that revenue again should come back to us, but rest of the portfolio seems 
quite stable at this point in time. 
Divyansh Jaju: 
Okay. And as the huge cash is seen on our balance sheet, so how we are thinking to allocate over 
the next few years? Like any particular investments are there or like any shareholder return 
would be a possibility? How the company is seeing? 
Vinay Binyala: 
So that's a fair point, Divyansh. So, we hold around INR1,300-plus crores of cash on the balance 
sheet, cash and cash equivalents. And as we have demonstrated, we have a well laid out strategy 
for evaluating potential acquisitions to fill capability gaps. That is one area in which we are 
looking at utilizing cash. Besides that, there are certain organic initiatives as well where we plan 
to deploy optimization solutions internally as well as we might do some headcount increases 
depending upon the business requirements. 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
 
So -- but that is on the organic side, we'll still be limited by the growth of the business in a way. 
But inorganically, we are fairly selective. There are 2 different approaches towards acquisition 
that we are following. One is the capability acquisition, which is reflected in the Heltar deal as 
well, which is not very large in terms of deal size, but it fills a significant capability gap for us. 
 
On the other side, we are actively looking at potential acquisitions where we can scale up 
business, but those will be fairly more involved decisions where the decision-making process 
will be slightly longer given the cash outlay could be larger in terms of value. So that -- those 
are the ways in which we plan to utilize cash. 
 
And again, we have a dividend program in place where a certain portion of the cash is returned 
to the shareholders as well. So that is the way we are looking at the cash utilization. We have a 
big focus on growth initiatives where we find useful deployment for the capital. 
Divyansh Jaju: 
Thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Gulati from Dalal & Broacha. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Congrats on a good set of numbers. Just trying to understand on 
the top line, our volumes have seen a good growth on a Y-o-Y basis. But on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis, they've largely been flattish for the past 4 quarters -- past 3 quarters on a growth -- from a 
growth standpoint. So how do we see that going forward? Is this largely seasonal? Do we see a 
pickup in this? And do we expect to maintain similar sort of volume growth that we have done 
historically? 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
The volume growth we expect with the season setting in, in the next couple of quarters, we see 
an upswing coming away. We had some losses, but we could compensate with some good wins 
in the last few quarters. That helped us maintain the volumes levels -- steady volumes level. But 
as we see the season setting in, we were expecting the volumes to grow by 10% to 15% in the 
next couple of quarters. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Got it. Fair enough. And on the -- just trying to understand on the opex front, right, we've taken 
the wage hike from this quarter. So, what would the employee costs look like going forward? 
How do we see operating leverage playing out? Would it be more broad-based than it was in 
this quarter? 
Vinay Binyala: 
Sure. So, Bharat, that's an interesting question. Raj, do you want to take that? 
Raj Gill: 
Yes, yes, you're perfectly right. The wage hikes are behind us. So now we're at a run rate. And 
we don't materially expect the salary cost to go up. It's pretty flat in the coming quarters. 
Bharat Gulati: 
So, we shouldn't even see any sort of employee additions or are we investing into talent or is 
that also broadly done with and we should sort of see inflation like year-on-year growth on that 
front? 

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Raj Gill: 
Yes, we would typically hover around the kind of the 800 count mark. It's not going to materially 
change, but we are backfilling where we need to and then recruiting to support our product and 
sales growth in the coming quarters. So, we will -- it's not going to be material, but we are 
looking at that talent pipeline. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Got that. That's helpful. Just trying to -- once again to touch upon the top line growth. I 
understand the ILD business would be a drag on our top line. Considering if we normalize that, 
let's say, for ex of ILD, what would our new product portfolio volume growth and our existing 
domestic SMS volume growth be at? 
 
I understand some of the industry is also seeing strong volume growth in the business from India 
headquartered businesses getting terminated outside India, which is, again, not -- which is a non-
ILD business. So how are we seeing growth from that standpoint? 
Vinay Binyala: 
So, Bharat, we don't break down the volume into components, but I can give you a high-level 
flavor. So, on ILD, what we are trying to indicate is that growth on that base is where it's not 
matching up the company average, but it's not like we are seeing a degrowth or dilution of 
business there. I mean, we are still chasing customers and it's sustaining for us at the levels we 
are. 
 
In terms of domestic, as you rightly mentioned, we have good traction going for the domestic 
business, which we demonstrated in the previous quarter as well, except for the specific 
situations which I referenced. So, I think volume, again, for us is a mix of ILD plus domestic, 
and that's -- it might be slightly different from competition as well. 
 
And on the new product, as I said, we witnessed significant growth in the last quarter. We had 
14% year-on-year growth on that segment of the product -- of the business. And obviously, it 
was driven by higher volumes. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Got it. Got it. And just a couple of more questions on how are we seeing growth because I 
understand you spoke about a net retention revenue of about 98%. So, is this majorly growth 
driven by new customer additions? And just how do we see wallet share going forward? You 
spoke about cross-sell of products. So how strong is the cross-sell already in terms of shifting 
them to the OTT products? 
Vinay Binyala: 
Sure. So, I mean, selectively, wherever we are seeing customers having processes where we can 
enter with the new or the non-SMS product portfolio, the sales teams are actively pitching to the 
existing key customers. So, the way we look at our portfolio, there's a set of the top 50 customers, 
which generate significant revenue for us. And the idea is to target those customers and identify 
opportunities. 
 
And obviously, a lot of these customers would have vendors taking care of certain business 
processes for them. So, it's either replacing an incumbent, which is not a very straightforward 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
sales cycle, but we are also looking at new business processes where we can fit in our non-SMS 
product portfolio. So that is the way we are attacking the cross-sell approach in the business. 
 
With Heltar coming in, I think we have a strong proposition for the customer base where we add 
a significant layer on top of just the communication channel. And that will be a big push once 
we close the transaction, hopefully, in the coming few weeks, that should really create additional 
traction around the non-SMS volumes and business for us. 
Bharat Gulati: 
And should that have a good impact on Q2 numbers, or will that take some time to ramp up and 
sort of really come up in the numbers? 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
It should take some more time to ramp up. Most of the companies when they're setting up their 
comms budget, it doesn't scale up in the same fiscal year. So right now, the play is happening 
between channels. So, a loss of SMS is gain of WhatsApp, a gain of WhatsApp is reflecting in 
loss of RCS perhaps. 
 
So, while we see -- we are present and ensuring the wallet share stays with us of any enterprise 
customer, we see the scaling up happening gradually -- and gradually quarter-over-quarter. We 
see that setting in by last week of -- last quarter of, sorry, this financial year and continue growing 
as we go into the next fiscal year. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Got it. Got it. And just lastly on -- we've been seeing some impairment last year. It's good to see 
there's been none of that in this quarter. So, do we largely believe that it's out of the books and 
no more debtors should sort of turn into bad debt? 
Raj Gill: 
Yes, that's a fair reflection of the position. So, we're not expecting any future issues like that. 
They're all in the past. 
Bharat Gulati: 
That’s really helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have a few questions. So maybe I start one by one. First want 
to get update on FY27 guidance. Last time we indicated revenue margin, dividend kind of 
guidance. Can you provide update to that? 
Raj Gill: 
Yes, I'll take that. I guess we're 1 quarter into our fiscal year. So, we will hold that for now, and 
we will look at how we progress through the quarter. But as you can see in the financials, revenue 
was definitely strong. We are on track with the dividend and the EBITDA margins; we are 
working to actually address those in-quarter specific items with a range of options. So, a bit 
early, but we'll come back in future quarters. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
So broadly, the adjusted EBITDA is there, I wanted your input. Do you think 12% is which we 
broadly indicated, considering the business trajectory you expect in the next 3 quarters as well 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
as certain one-off costs which you have this quarter. Considering both factors, 12% is still 
possible to achieve kind of thing in the remaining period? 
Vinay Binyala: 
So Dipesh, like we mentioned in the opening comments, there are certain factors which are 
transient, which we believe will reverse over the coming quarters. Some of them might be 
slightly stickier. So, by the end of this quarter, we'll have a clear view of where we should be 
landing the year. But ideally, we should not materially deviate from what we had guided. Exact 
indication -- sorry, are you able to hear me, sorry? 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Yes, understood. Second question is about the update on the security incident, which we faced 
at Masivian. Can you provide update, let's say, where we are in terms of the traffic, in terms of 
the remedial action which we have taken, and how to expect Masivian growth trajectory in 
coming quarters? 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
So, the investigation remains ongoing with the support of our cybersecurity specialist. And the 
platform continues to operate under enhanced controls and monitoring. Masiv is keeping the 
affected customers informed and the regulators informed, as the investigation is progressing. 
And we will continue to provide updates as the first further information is available. 
 
But we are hopeful of an attestation to come away very soon, which will actually encourage us 
to go back and get back the business from the enterprises which are impacted at this point of 
time. So yes, so hopefully, we should be back on track very soon and back with our -- whatever 
business was affected temporarily should be back with us very soon. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Do you expect any further costs incurred on the remedial action at Masivian or quarter 1 
provision is sufficient for us to cover up? 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
We have -- as you mentioned, we have made provisions already. There can be very minor 
increase in the cost, very, very minor. But yes, nothing major is expected. Whatever we have 
provisioned for should actually address all the expenses towards security agencies and partners. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Understand. Third question is on the sales and marketing headcount. If I look at it, it has declined 
double digit sequentially as well as on Y-o-Y basis. Can you help us understand what -- any, 
let's say, change in the growth strategy, which led to sales and marketing headcount decline? 
And can you provide broad thought process around how to look at numbers? 
Vinay Binyala: 
Just give us a moment, he's trying to look it up. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Hello, can you hear me? 
Vinay Binyala: 
Yes, I got your question. You are trying to understand what happened on the sales and marketing 
headcount front, right? 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Dipesh Mehta: 
No issue, so maybe you can revert later. Another question which I have on the cash conversion. 
Can you provide, let's say, some sense about how you expect cash conversion in first on quarter 
1 and for the full year? Last year was very strong. Can you give some sense how you expect this 
year to play out? 
Vinay Binyala: 
So Dipesh, Q1, the closing balance is what we had reported. We had some delayed collections 
with some of the key customers in the first quarter. I mean it's not a collection issue as such. It's 
just a timing issue. The reconciliations that the customers need to do took a little longer than 
ideally, we would have expected. 
 
And March was a significantly strong collection. So, if you look at it quarter-on-quarter, the cash 
flow has been weak in this quarter just because of the delay in collections. I would not say there 
are any defaulters in that list, but these are like large customers who typically reconcile the data 
in their systems as well. 
 
So that collection should flow in during the quarter and the collection -- the cash position for the 
rest of the year should go back to the typical 75% to 100% conversion from EBITDA, which we 
have, the EBITDA to cash flow from operations conversion. 
 
Q1, I would just want to caveat, was slightly challenging because of the delayed collections from 
some large clients. And these are in specific geographies, largely India and UAE. And it's not a 
one-off. I mean we've had it in the past in instances, and those customers have been long-
standing customers from us. So we do not see a risk around it. It's just a timing problem which 
we are encountering. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
I understand. But for the full year, you are comfortable at around 75 percentage conversion? 
Vinay Binyala: 
Yes, yes. We will revert to that collection -- I mean, to that cash conversion level for the year. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Understand. And the last question which I have is about the non-SMS business. Now we're 
seeing some, let's say, progress and acceleration in growth. How to understand that business 
margin profile compared to our traditional SMS business? So as mix change, do you expect what 
kind of implication on margin on blended business? 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
So Dipesh, with the Heltar's acquisition, we would try to bring Heltar to geographies where the 
competition is not relatively as intense as you see in India. So we're trying to bring it to Latam. 
We're trying to bring to European market and U.S. as well. And we see that we can make decent 
upfront revenues and from revenue with high margin, with acquisition of enterprise customers 
in those geographies. 
 
The initial feedback after we demonstrated the capabilities of the platform were very 
encouraging. We're fairly hopeful that when we bring this platform to those geographies, we'll 
see upswing in our DM levels. 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Dipesh Mehta: 
So broadly, I'm not very clear. So you are indicating a non-SMS margin profile is likely to be 
better than SMS? 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
Okay. That's right. I'm saying the improvement of the margins will be better on the new non-
SMS products from the geographies, which is apart from India, using the Heltar platform, which 
brings in some interesting capabilities. As I said, the reflection is fairly good and fairly positive 
from the enterprises and from the initial demonstration of capabilities. Does that answer your 
question? 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Yes. So broadly, just to be very clear, let's say, currently, it is there below double-digit 
percentage revenue share. As we scale it and it, let's say, approaches 20%, 30 percentage of 
revenue, you expect it to be margin accretive rather than margin dilutive. That is the right way 
to understand? 
Vinay Binyala: 
So Dipesh, honestly, if you look at different markets, the margin profile varies even for the non-
SMS portfolio. And honestly, currently, if you look at our non-SMS mix, it's in certain specific 
regions at this point in time. So when we bring in the Heltar platform also, it's going to be a bit 
of experimentation for us. 
 
So for this year, we would not want to commit to any margin expansion or dilution because of 
these product solutions or the non-SMS product solutions. We'll have to play it out. We have 
different pricing models around those products. And it will take a little bit of time before we can 
formally indicate what kind of expansion we can expect from deployment of these solutions. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Maybe you can later revert on the sales and marketing headcount question. Thank you. 
Vinay Binyala: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. 
Amit Chandra: 
Thank for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is on the revenue from the new product stream. 
Obviously, we are seeing good healthy growth there, and that is 9% of the revenue. So -- but if 
I see more from an industry perspective, the portfolio seems to be very small and also the overall 
growth in the portfolio is also actually lower versus what the competition or the industry is 
growing at. 
 
And if you can indicate what is the market share maybe in WhatsApp, RCS, that we are having 
because the growth is lower. So are we also having a lower market share or we are losing market 
share there in the WhatsApp and the RCS space? 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
So, hi Amit, at this point of time, there's no published report to state exactly what is the market 
share of any participant aggregator. We have rough indication though of the volumes of 
WhatsApp and RCS, and that's also not published. I mean that's our basis market intelligence, 
we arrive to certain numbers. 

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
 
But we see we have a decent share, not that we can't improve on that. But having said that, I 
mean, I'm unable to comment at this point of time exactly how is the competitors place vis-a-vis 
ours because largely due to nonavailability of the consolidated market report on WhatsApp and 
RCS. 
Amit Chandra: 
Yes. I'm just saying that because in terms of what base we have and the base of what the 
competition is almost 3x of the base of WhatsApp and RCS that we have, and they're growing 
much faster versus what we are clocking. So that's why just an indication that are we losing 
market share there or is it that we are trying to do something different there? 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
So Amit, our attempts have been to grow the market without compromising on direct margins. 
There has been some aggression in the marketplace on the pricing of WhatsApp and RCS, and 
we don't really want to participate around that. We would intend to keep our margins intact and 
healthy in a manner that we can continue sustaining these offerings over a period. So for those 
reasons, as I said, it may -- one, as I said, I can't accurately comment. But having said that, our 
strategy is very clear to keep our DMs intact and strong. 
Amit Chandra: 
And secondly, on the impact that -- sharp impact that we had on the gross margin. You 
mentioned that there is one specific client, specific event where there is a traffic reduction due 
to some solution deployment. And this happened after we have given the guidance in the last 
quarter in terms of strategy for the longer term. So is it something that was not planned or what 
actually caused this to happen? 
 
Because I think the gross margins for this would have been much higher. That's why the impact 
is so sharp. So if you can throw some more light in what actually happened and what makes us 
confident that we are going to see a reversal there? And in terms of the incident that happened, 
at what time frame during the quarter this happened? At the start of the quarter, mid of the quarter 
at the end of the quarter? So that... 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
So you're talking about the customer where we are reflecting some loss of DM and revenue is 
largely because of development which needed to be done, which they had specifically come up 
with. And that led for us to -- and this was last minute, and that's why we had to go back and 
then to our drawing boards and prepare work on this development. 
 
It took us some time, but we are in the testing stage with that bank. And we're fairly hopeful that 
it's going to be back with us in no time. So you will see the reflection in this quarter. We're 
hopeful that those revenues and margins will be back with us. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. So what I'm trying to understand is that we had a full quarter impact for this or we had 
only a partial impact in this quarter? 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
We will see partial impact in the quarter. We should be able to recover. We should have recovery 
soon and the balance quarter should be on track. 

 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And also, it would be helpful if you can quantify or give the bridge in terms of the gross 
margin impact that what has actually caused in terms of quantification, what was the impact 
from this incident? And also in terms of the security incident that happened in like Masivian, as 
far as my reading, this happened at the back end of the quarter, maybe in the last week of the 
quarter. 
 
And that's why I don't know if it had a very big impact on the margins. So the margin impact is 
largely driven by the one specific client event. So is it such a big impact as the gross margins 
went down so sharply? 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
So as I stated earlier, the investigation remains ongoing with the support of cybersecurity 
specialists. The platform continues to operate, and there is continuous monitoring. We are 
making a good assessment of the impact, and we should be in position soon to exactly reflect 
upon the impact. 
 
But yes, we're making assessment of the exact impact -- the entire -- we're keeping the effective 
customers and the regulator all informed about the investigation process. And we'll continue to 
provide updates as we get more information about this event. But as I said, as far as the impact 
is concerned, we are making a good assessment, and we should be in position to give you more 
information soon. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay, So Vinay, if you can provide the bridge in terms of the margin impact, if you can it would 
be helpful? 
Vinay Binyala: 
Sure. So Amit, in terms of exact breakdown, I need to just double check internally. But what I 
can tell you is at a high level, the key items were the customer-specific situation, which we've 
been discussing. We had some impact on aggregators, multiple aggregator accounts where we 
have a way to recover those margins as well. I mean we have some routing optimizations and 
ways to get back that margin. 
 
But these are the main issues where we believe these are transient. These have happened in the 
past, and we've come out of these situations. So it is nothing out of the ordinary in the business. 
Just that the impact in this quarter has been a significant one, but there are ways to get back from 
these impacts in the business. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And also in the segmental breakup that we gave, the India-specific segment profit has 
been negative in this quarter, and this has not happened in the previous so many quarters. So any 
specific readthrough there? 
Vinay Binyala: 
Yes. So the large Indian -- sorry, the large customer, which we are discussing where we had the 
impact was an Indian customer. That is where you see the impact on the India entity in the 
breakup. 

 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kevin Gandhi from CapGrow Capital. 
Kevin Gandhi: 
Hello, thanks for taking my question and hope my voice is audible. Sir, my question was on the 
Truecaller partnership, which we have just done, right? So just wanted to know how much of 
the potential are we actually seeing from that deal because we have close to 50 crore users, as 
you mentioned in the BSE notification. How we are pursuing that? Because I think that might 
seem to be great order for Route Mobile? Just wanted your views on the same? 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
So Kevin, thank you for the question. We are testing the Truecaller as a platform with certain 
customers. I mean too early for us to identify exactly what kind of margins we can bring in, but 
it certainly opens up more markets for us. Truecaller has very decent share of market in multiple 
continents. 
 
And we're fairly hopeful that once this testing and -- this testing is of the platform and the 
integration of this platform with certain enterprise customers, once they go successful and we 
make an assessment of how much we can monetize that, we perhaps would be able to give you 
more stronger views here. 
 
So too early to state anything because we just signed off a deal with them, and we are taking it 
to multiple markets and enterprises. But too early for us to give you an accurate assessment of 
what we can bring in. 
Kevin Gandhi: 
Okay. So like would that give the access to all the 50 crore consumers which Truecaller has? 
Like would we be able to actually set up the platform for the entire user base of Truecaller across 
the world? Is that the assessment? 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
Okay. So that is a reach which is provided by Truecaller to any of the partner. How to monetize 
this, we can use rich media on their platform. We can do multiple other things, but that's 
something, I just said, this is something once we actually have a live case, only then we'll be in 
a strong position to comment on. We are -- as I said, again, as I mentioned earlier, we are testing 
this with multiple enterprises in multiple geographies. And we're hopeful that this once works, 
we can give you more accurate assessment. 
Kevin Gandhi: 
Okay. Sir, my second question was on the Claro deal. So I just wanted to know where are we 
actually in the process of getting the platform established with Claro. And also just wanted to 
know how much potential are you seeing for like Claro as well because as far as I understand, 
in FY23, we had signed a deal with the Sri Lankan MNO. 
 
And Claro seems to be almost 20x, like the subscriber count of Claro seems to be 20x the deal 
which we have done in the past. So that was, I guess, a INR200 crores deal for 2 years. So as far 
as Claro goes, I know it's in a partnership with, I guess, Proximus. So just wanted to know like 

 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
what's the share of Route Mobile in the Claro deal? And how are you pursuing this deal? What's 
the potential? So yes, that's the second question. 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
Claro is a multi-country firewall deal for us, which means that we have to deploy a certain 
platform, with all of these telecom operators. Now we understand we are behind time. We were 
supposed to be done with the deployment and should have gone live by now. But due to certain 
reasons which are beyond our control, there have been delay in the deployment, but we're fairly 
hopeful that this quarter, we should be up and running with them. 
 
And we will have some tangible revenues coming the way very soon. But the deal stands. The 
deal is on. It's only that deployment has taken a bit more time. And for those reasons, we have 
not seen trickling -- the revenue trickling in as yet. 
Vinay Binyala: 
And Kevin, just to add to what Tushar said and relevant to your question is, in terms of Claro, I 
think we have, as Tushar was saying, multiple geographies. And we don't have a blanket contract 
where we can deploy in all Claro networks. So there are select networks which they have signed 
up with us and some big ones like Colombia are not part of the contract. 
 
So in terms of the population that you are referring to, it is a fraction of what Claro services 
globally, and we have those select networks where we are working with them. Just to put things 
in perspective here. 
Kevin Gandhi: 
Okay. Okay. So in terms of Claro, like what might be the share of Route Mobile versus 
365squared, like share of like revenue agreement? 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
The Claro deal is more of a firewall deal, which is fixed plus variable. So I mean, there is no 
share as such. It's basically the more the platform is able to identify gate traffic flowing in, more 
we are able to monetize. There's some fixed components and there's some variables. So there's 
nothing -- I mean, there's nothing like a share-share kind of a thing because the exclusively entire 
network belongs to us for terminating any international traffic in that geography. 
Kevin Gandhi: 
Okay. Sir, my last question was I just wanted to understand the revenue composition of ILD 
versus NLD. I know the NLD is worth 8% to 9% now. So what's the broad state of the revenue 
as far as the ILD and the NLD goes? 
Vinay Binyala: 
So Kevin, we don't break it up as public information, but ILD still continues to be significant for 
us because we still service very large global customers. Unfortunately, we don't disclose the 
exact percentage breakup. So I will not be able to spell out the exact proportion here. But what 
I can tell you is that it's still a very relevant part of our business with very good customers in the 
portfolio. I'm sorry, I'm not able to spell out exact details here. 
Kevin Gandhi: 
Okay. Okay. But as far as my understanding goes, the margins are quite lower for the ILD, right, 
versus the NLD? 

 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
Sorry, say it again please.  
Kevin Gandhi: 
Okay. So as far as my understanding goes, I believe that the margins of ILD are much lower 
than the NLD, if I'm not wrong? 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
In absolute value, no. In percentage value, maybe yes. 
Kevin Gandhi: 
Okay, Thank you 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Gulati from Dalal & Broacha. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Hi, thank you for the follow up, Just wanted to understand on the gross margin front, when we 
talk about this transitionary in nature, I completely get that. But do we expect these margins to 
revert back to the levels of Q3, Q4 of FY26 or do we expect them to revert to what we used to 
historically do at the 22%, 22.5% levels? Just trying to understand that, have we structurally 
changed our business margins towards that higher 24% to 25% mark or do we eventually believe 
that in the medium to long term, we'll revert back to the 22% area? 
Vinay Binyala: 
So Bharat, as we pointed out, there are multiple moving parts to that. And as I said, some of 
them are reversing automatically once we deploy the product and the customer comes back. 
Some of them will take a little bit of more effort from the business point of view in terms of 
identifying better routes, identifying better margins, which is feasible, but the timeline to that 
could be slightly different from what we can do on the lone cases of specific customers. 
 
So that is where -- at this point in time, if you ask me at the end of July, whether I can accurately 
guide whether we'll be at a 22% or 21.5% for this quarter or whether we revert all the way back 
to 23%, it's a little difficult estimate to make right now because a lot of these pieces are moving 
as we speak. But as we mentioned earlier, depending upon how much of this correction we are 
able to do, we can land up in that range of 21.5% to 23%, which we've been operating over the 
last 5 or 6 quarters. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Fair enough. That's really helpful. So just trying to -- so maybe directionally, if you can help me, 
I see that we are planning to enter the new -- planning to enter new markets for RCS. And I 
typically understand RCS is slightly better margin than WhatsApp and the SMS business as well 
given that Google wants to take up the market share from Meta. 
 
So do we expect that to sort of drive gross margins? Again, I understand that you can't put a 
number to it. But directionally, if that business grows and it's growing for us at 14% this quarter, 
do we directionally see those margins going up structurally? 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
RCS definitely, Bharat, provides a better margin option for aggregators. So our focus and our 
efforts will be more to take and promote that as a channel. There are certain geographies where 
we have deployed a platform and we have some exclusive arrangements also. Given that our 

 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
focus definitely will be towards RCS and we're fairly confident that, that can certainly blend and 
improve our margins a little better. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Got it. Got it. And just lastly, I'm trying to understand that the level at which we are growing 
that, even if I understand that we are seeing good growth in the non-ILD business, basically our 
domestic SMS business and our new product business. As long as that continues to grow at this 
pace, when can we -- like what share of the business would ILD be, let's say, 2 years down the 
line? 
 
And then where do we see the new product business as a share of the overall business? Right 
now, as of this quarter, it's at 8%. So just if you can give some sense of what would the business 
mix look like a year or 2 years from now, given the same sort of growth continues? 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
So Bharat, we continue to focus on all the businesses. There -- our attention towards all the 3 
units, which is ILD, domestic and new product is same. And we -- our efforts are to ensure that 
all the 3 segments continue growing at the same pace. So it's very difficult for us to say which 
will have what share of the overall revenues. But we just hope that the one which is giving us 
highest margin has the highest share and the energy will be towards that. 
Vinay Binyala: 
So just to add to what Tushar is saying, Bharat, even though we are saying that ILD is facing 
challenges in terms of growth, it is not that we stopped pursuing opportunities there. There are 
some large opportunities that we are looking at. Just the conversion and timelines are a little bit 
out of our control. So the idea is -- and the reason why ILD continues to be important is it is 
large scale, from each single customer, the ticket sizes are large. 
 
Although the percentage margin is low, it gives very good ROI to the business. So that is where 
Tushar is trying to indicate that we are not leaving out any of the levers in the business. If it is a 
large enough opportunity, we will pursue it and try to close it. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Fair enough. That's helpful. And just -- so if you can give some sense of what could cause growth 
to come back in ILD? I understand spends are sort of compressed right now from the customer 
standpoint because there are other means to -- other cheaper means to execute the same thing. 
So what could bring back the growth in that segment? And then how would that impact the 
remaining WhatsApp and sort of the OTT vertical? 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
So this will largely -- it can come back definitely, and I can get back to the growth path, Bharat. 
It will be -- remain to be seen that how telecom operators are looking at and what is their strategy 
in the times to come. When I say strategy, I largely mean pricing strategy. I mean they've been 
fairly ambitious on the pricing side over the last past -- the last few years. 
 
And if they finally decide to rationalize the pricing, I'm quite hopeful that we can bring back the 
same growth, which we have observed over the last few years in ILD. So it remains to be seen 
how telecom operators see this business and how do they intend to grow this. 

 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Vinay Binyala: 
And also, we are seeing a slight bifurcation of business as well. Certain use cases are still relying 
heavily on the telecom-oriented messaging solutions like SMS, RCS. And certain interactive use 
cases are now preferentially moving to WhatsApp and RCS. So we are seeing that transition 
happen. 
 
And that is where some of the solutions which we are bringing in should ideally drive the non-
SMS portfolio and our core platform, the SMS and RCS platform still focuses on onboarding 
customers who need the telecom infrastructure. So from our point of view, we are more driven 
by what the enterprise needs as a solution point, and we offer all of those channels to the solution 
-- to the enterprise, sorry. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Got it. And sir, lastly, on -- I understand that from October 1, Meta has certain new rules 
regarding using its own models to deliver the conversational AI or chatbots onto Meta, onto 
WhatsApp. So that gives certain benefits to customers such as free messaging and so on. So is 
the recent acquisition largely to leverage that opportunity and to sort of get that application 
capability to leverage Meta's LLMs? 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
So we've made those observations, Bharat. I mean we're trying to interpret it accurately, exactly 
what it reflects and how it adds to the acquisition we've made. How does it bring more benefits 
to us? We're still evaluating it. It's better for good reasons, have been fairly -- they've been 
shifting their policies, pricing policies fairly frequently. 
 
So one is, of course, it's important to interpret it well and also see exactly what is their long-term 
game like? How would they want the entire bot framework, which they are now exposing to 
enterprises will pan out and how do we fit in and how do we make most of it. So -- but it's very 
early for us to comment. As I said, we've made a good observation of that, and we're making 
interpretations and how -- and of course, drawing a plan, how do we grow and benefit the most 
from it. 
Bharat Gulati: 
From today's standpoint, do we have the capabilities to explore that opportunity that Meta has 
brought to the customers? Are we already capable to integrate with the Meta LLMs? 
Vinay Binyala: 
Yes. So the platform which we have in Heltar, that is extremely flexible. They offer different 
LLMs to the enterprise. They have if it is Anthropic or Meta or whichever AI the enterprise 
wants to use, including voice AI. So it's fairly flexible. It's a choice of the enterprise on how they 
want to run their solutions. So it opens it up for the enterprise. And it can also leverage the entire 
Meta infrastructure that you're referring to. So it's fairly open the way the enterprise wants to 
use it. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Got it, that’s really helpful. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Raj Gill for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 

 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Raj Gill: 
Good. So thank you all for your very engaging questions. So with that, we will close the call. So 
we appreciate your continued support, and we look forward to engaging with you again. Have a 
great weekend. Thank you. 
Tushar Agnihotri: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, On behalf of Route Mobile Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
