 
 
 
Corporate office 
: 207/208, Udyog Bhavan, Sonawala Road, Goregaon (East), Mumbai – 400 063. Maharashtra, India. 
  Tel: +91 22  40332727 / 66942507  
Fax : +91 22 26860011            GSTIN: 27AALCS8686A1ZX 
      CIN: L51900MH2008PLC180452  E-mail: supriya@supriyalifescience .com   Website: www.supriyalifescience.com 
 
Factory                 : A-5/2, Lote Parshuram Industrial Area, M.I.D.C.  Tal.– Khed, Dist. – Ratnagiri, Pin :415 722, Maharashtra, India. 
                                          Tel: +91 2356 272299          Fax: +91 2356 272178           E-mail: factory@supriyalifescience.com  
 
GOVT. RECOGNISED EXPORT HOUSE 
 
 
August 18, 2026 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
Further to our Letters dated August 10, 2026, August 13, 2026, and August 14, 2026, we would like to 
inform you that the Transcript of the Earnings Call held on August 14, 2026, with respect to Unaudited 
Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, is available on the Company's 
website at: 
https://www.supriyalifescience.com/ir-financial.php. 
 
 
Kindly take the information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Supriya Lifescience Limited 
 
 
 
Prachi Sathe 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: SUPRIYA 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543434 
Prachi Suhas 
Sathe
Digitally signed by Prachi 
Suhas Sathe 
Date: 2026.08.18 15:56:36 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Supriya Lifescience Limited Q1 FY '27 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. SALONI WAGH – MANAGING DIRECTOR – SUPRIYA 
LIFESCIENCE LIMITED 
MS. SHIVANI WAGH – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SUPRIYA LIFESCIENCE LIMITED 
MR. KRISHNA RAGHUNATHAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SUPRIYA LIFESCIENCE LIMITED 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Supriya Lifescience Limited Q1 FY '27 
Earnings Call. As a reminder, all participants' line will be in the listen-only mode, and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone telephone. I now hand over the conference over to Ms. Sneha Salian from EY Investor 
Relations. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Sneha Salian: 
Thank you, Harsh. A warm welcome to all the participants to the Supriya Lifescience Limited 
Q1 FY '27 Earnings Conference Call. The investor presentation and the financial results are 
available on the company website and on the Stock Exchanges. Please note, anything said on 
this call which reflects our outlook for the future, or which can be construed as a forward-looking 
statement must be viewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. This conference 
call is being recorded and the transcript along with the audio of the same will be made available 
on the website of the company as well as on the exchanges. Please also note that the audio of the 
conference call is the copyright material of Supriya Lifescience Limited and it cannot be copied, 
rebroadcasted or attributed in the press or media without specific and written consent of the 
company. To give you a brief business update and to take you through the Results, from the 
Management team we have Dr. Saloni Wagh – Managing Director, Ms. Shivani Wagh – Joint 
Managing Director and Mr. Krishna Raghunathan – Chief Financial Officer. I would now 
request Ms. Shivani Wagh to provide you with a brief update on the quarter. Over to you, ma'am. 
Shivani Wagh: 
Good morning, everyone. I am Shivani Wagh, Joint Managing Director of Supriya Lifescience 
Limited. It is a pleasure to welcome you all to our Quarter 1 FY '27 Earnings Call. I hope you 
have had the opportunity to review our Results and Investor Presentation. 
With that, let me take you through our quarterly performance: 
 
Revenue for the quarter stood at Rs. 190 crores, reflecting a 31% year-on-year growth. Demand 
remained strong during the quarter, but water shortages led to a deferment of sales of around Rs. 
35 crores. I will touch upon this in more detail later.  
 
During the quarter, EBITDA stood at Rs. 47 crores, a decline of 8.1% year-on-year with 
EBITDA margins at 25%. Before we move forward, let me explain the reasons for the decline 
in margins during the quarter. It was a combination of factors that coincided during the period 
and are mostly temporary in nature.  
• 
Firstly, the delayed onset of the monsoon led to water scarcity in the region surrounding 
our plant. Our facility located in the Lote MIDC area depends on water supply from the 
Koyna River. Due to lower-than-normal water levels, the entire Lote MIDC industrial belt 
faced a significant water shortage. This led to delay in sales as highlighted earlier. 
• 
Second, Maharashtra government changed the solar power policy, which led to increased 
fuel and power costs during the quarter. This alone had an impact of Rs. 8 crores at EBITDA 
levels.  

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
These challenges were largely external and transient in nature. Excluding these one-off impacts, 
margins would have remained within our guided range. We believe these are temporary 
disruptions and with operations stabilizing, we expect performance to improve in the coming 
quarters while remaining firmly on track to achieve our FY '27 growth and margin objectives.  
 
Moving to our geographical performance: 
Exports continued to be a key growth driver contributing 81% of revenue in Q1 FY '27. Within 
exports, Asia contributed 39%, followed by Europe at 35% and LATAM at 20%. Our core 
strategy for backward integration continued to progress and currently we have 72% of total 
revenues fully integrated.  
 
Now, coming to our new product launches: 
We launched two new anesthetic liquid inhalation products in Q2 FY '27 from our Ambernath 
facility and we expect them to scale up over the coming quarters. In addition, we have two 
ADHD product launches in the pipeline which will further strengthen our portfolio and support 
future growth. On the contrast media opportunity, we remain on track with development and 
continue to progress as planned. We expect the products to be launched in H2 FY '27. 
 
As for the products launched in FY '26, we continue to see encouraging traction. Our 
cardiovascular product launched in Q3 FY '26 has ramped up well. The ADHD product 
continues to scale up, supported by healthy demand from LATAM and Europe and we expect 
the momentum to continue. Our liquid anesthetic product remains on track with steady monthly 
supplies.  
 
In summary, we would like to reiterate that our trajectory towards the Rs. 1,000 crores revenue 
by FY '27 remains firmly on track, supported by a robust product pipeline and a sustained 
demand across key therapeutic segments including anesthetics, anti-diabetics, anti-anxiety, 
vitamins, and ADHD. We remain confident of our guidance of EBITDA margins in the range of 
33% to 35%. 
 
However, as highlighted in our earlier call, growth is expected to be non-linear across quarters. 
Furthermore, we would like to highlight that we have revisited our earlier plan to undertake the 
annual maintenance shutdown for Blocks A to D in August, and we believe that we can 
undertake the maintenance in a phased manner instead of a complete shutdown. Hence, it will 
not impact our Q2 FY '27's production in any major way. 
 
With that, I now invite our CFO – Mr. Krishna Raghunathan, to take you through the detailed 
financial performance for Q1 FY '27. Thank you. 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Thank you, Shivani. Good morning, everyone. 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
Let me take you all through the operational highlights of the quarter, following which we will 
open the floor for questions and answers. 
 
For Q1 FY '27, the company reported revenue from operations of Rs. 190 crores as against Rs. 
145 crores in Q1 FY '26, a growth of 31% year-on-year. 
 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 47 crores as against Rs. 52 crores in Q1 FY '26, a degrowth 
of 8.1% year-on-year and EBITDA margin stood at 25% for Q1 FY '27.  
 
As mentioned by our Joint Managing Director, margins during the quarter were impacted by 
temporary cost headwinds, primarily higher solvent and power costs. These factors resulted in 
an additional operating cost of approximately Rs. 10.5 crores. Excluding these impacts, EBITDA 
margins would have remained within our guided range. Importantly, these are largely transient 
in nature, and we remain confident of delivering our FY27 growth and margin guidance.  
 
PAT stood at Rs. 24 crores as against Rs. 35 crores in Q1 FY '26. PAT margins stood at 12.7% 
for Q1 FY '27. Our CapEx for Q1 FY ’27 stood at Rs. 16.58 crores driven by spend on 
maintenance CapEx, smaller projects, formulation plan requirements and Isambe project.  
 
On Patalganga land, as our Joint MD has updated, we have received all necessary clearances and 
will be developing the facility in phases. The project will include two API but advanced 
intermediate blocks and two formulation blocks. The total CapEx earmarked for this facility is 
around Rs. 200 crores for Phase-1.  
 
On borrowings, we would like to report that for the full year, we have not utilized any working 
capital limits, except for letter of credits and bank guarantees. 
 
With that, we can open the floor for questions and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question is from the line of Adityapal, MSA Capital Partners. 
Please go ahead. 
Adityapal: 
Last part of my questions has already been answered. Just one question on the Patalganga. So, 
just want to understand your viewpoint on why there is a delay in the breaking of land and 
starting the construction at Patalganga.  Because at this point of time we only have Lote 
Parshuram, which is also the kind of Capex’s that we are doing with block F, it is chock-a-block 
and Ambernath will also get completed by say by FY '29 - '30 and a greenfield particularly in 
Pharma takes at least three to four years to come up. So, just wanted to understand how you are 
thinking about this.  
Krishna Raghunathan: 
See, Aditya, we have started already building the boundary walls. In fact, that is something 
which has already started. So, technically, we have broken the ground. I think we need to if at 
all the understanding there. So, we have started the work already in Isambe and the process of 
constructing the wall is in full stream.  

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Adityapal: 
So, Phase-1, are you expecting a particular timeline that the completion of the construction 
should happen by, say, a particular set timeline? The API blocks, formulation block and the 
warehouses are Rs. 200 crores of investment in Phase-1. 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
We would be looking at the API block to start with. That would be the first thing which we 
would be building along with the utility blocks. I think these would be the ones which would be 
coming up for Rs. 200 crores. I don't think formulation can start immediately. Say, right from 
the acquisition, around 2.5 years, we should have a 40% completion as per MIDC. I think we 
will take care of all those legal requirements also while doing our construction. That process 
also needs to be taken care of which we will take care of. 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
And also, to add to Krishna's point, the first focus in Patalganga would be at the API level 
because we are already now closer to exhausting the capacity at Lote. Of course, we will be 
taking up minor refurbishments at Lote which will further enhance the capacity. But for the next 
couple of launches which are the larger molecules, we would be looking at Patalganga as a scale-
up place. 
 
So, the first focus would be on API. Ambernath is not yet in full swing. So, for the finished 
formulation, CMO, CDMO, we, anyways have a facility available where the scale-up will 
happen in the next 2 to 3 years. So, the finish formulation would be considered in a phase-wise 
manner in Phase-2 at Patalganga. 
Adityapal: 
Just one last question before I come back in the queue in terms of Ambernath. So, now, have 
you got any mails or messages from the EU team that when they can come and audit and when 
can we really start generating revenues for the EU, the regulated markets? I know it is WHO-
cGMP already but from the regulated markets, when will it be possible? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
So, we have already received the dates for audit from EU at Ambernath facility. The audit is 
scheduled for the second half of November. 
Moderator: 
Next from the line of Nikhil from SIMPL. Please go ahead.  
Nikhil: 
Just one bookkeeping question and one question on contrast media. See, you mentioned the two 
temporary issues. One, I understand water, which is not in your hand, but over a longer term as 
we see these issues rising, what are we thinking to de-risk ourselves? 
 
And secondly, on the power part, you mentioned on the solar subsidy. So, is it like a one-time 
cost which had come in or my idea was that this cost will sustain for a longer term. So, if you 
can just help me understand why do you think the solar subsidy is a one-time thing? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
See, there are two things on solar subsidy. I think the government is asking even to pay from 
July 25. So, for all those things, they are collecting the back numbers today. In the four months 
period between March to July, they had collected. So, that part is one time.  

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
See, on the other part, whatever it is, the increase in the prices or due to what do you call 
reduction in ToD hours, that we will be passing it on to our customers. That is something which 
we are really going to do about it. So, that would be the total anchor for your solar subsidy. 
Nikhil: 
So, on this retrospective amount which we have paid, what would be the quantum? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
See, this would be somewhere around Rs. 4.5 crores - Rs. 5 crores at this stage. So, in fact, the 
matter is also sub judice. There is a case which is running on around in that wherein all the Solar 
Power Association members have come around, and they have filed a case against the MSEDCL. 
Nikhil: 
And on the water part? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
On the water part, I mean, this is the first incident that we have faced on scarcity of water in that 
particular area because the area where the facility is located normally receives one of the highest 
rainfalls across the state of Maharashtra. So, this is the first time we have faced this issue.  
 
We are working with a lot of consultants on how we can further take up recycling of water. 
Because we are into API manufacturing, we can't use recycled water in our end product, but at 
least for the utility part of it, the cooling towers and all, how we are able to do that, that effort is 
ongoing. So, a lot of work with consultants is now ongoing to further improve the water situation. 
Nikhil: 
Second question on contrast media. See, what I understand is that here because there are only 
four or five formulators, they many a times have closed and don't share the specifications around 
the product. So, how are we managing that challenge in terms of getting the specifications and 
when we look at the commercial, would it be purely for the non-reg market? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
So, for us, it is a combination of API for the non-regulated market as well as at Ambernath 
facility, a lot of the people want to do a tie-up for the finished formulation of Iohexol, I mean, 
for the contrast media product which is the injection. So, in that case, we have a good 
combination between the non-regulated or, I would say, semi-regulated markets as well as 
regulated markets.  
 
Also, I think our biggest issue why the launch has been delayed by two quarters is because the 
R&D is still fine-tuning on the technology part of it because there have been multiple variations 
in the cost of the raw material. 
 
We are also looking at alternate process, alternate technology on how we can be cost-competitive 
in the market because this is already a generic product which has been in the market for a long 
time. So, the value addition has to come from a better process with better focus on margin. So, 
I think that is the reason why also it has been delayed for two quarters. 
Nikhil: 
And last question. See, on this customs issue in our notes to account on note 3 which we have 
mentioned, so we have said we have still booked the sales in this quarter. So, is this issue 
resolved now from our end and future exports are not being impacted or what is the status here? 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
So, currently, the matter is still sub judice. However, one thing I would like to inform everyone 
is that we have already received the new export authorization from Central Bureau of Narcotics 
for the same consignment which in our opinion should regularize this particular export, but 
because the matter is sub judice, we are still waiting for the result from the High Court. So, once 
we get that, I think this export would be regularized. 
Nikhil: 
But we have booked it in our sales. 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
It is because the shipping bill for the said consignment is already filed and because the particular 
shipping bill is still under investigation, we are not at the freedom of cancelling that particular 
shipping bill. So, that is one of the main reasons and the said consignment itself is not very high 
value. It is a very small, miniscule value consignment. 
 
Also, one thing I would like to reiterate here is that for this particular product, every consignment 
is accompanied by an export permit. So, it is not that it impacts all the other consignments or the 
entire product itself. It is only limited to this particular consignment. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Mulesh from Shah and Savla. Please go ahead. 
Mulesh: 
In continuation of both these questions of previous participant, may I get some color on still the 
higher cost related to water and power for the Q2? And since we say that our annual guidance 
still remains, so the top line and margin of about 33% to 35% EBITDA as well as the PAT 
margin of 25% remains on line. So, I would like to get some reconfirmation on both these 
guidance as well as Q2 cost estimates on account of water and power. That is my first question. 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
The water issue, like our Joint MD mentioned in her speech, the water issue is already resolved 
because of the late onset of monsoon. The water issue impacted us for only about 15-20 days. 
 
But during those 15-20 days we have lost production of almost Rs. 30 crores - Rs. 35 crores 
equivalent product. But now the water issue is already resolved. We are getting ample water 
from the Koyna River and MIDC is also getting the water. So, I don't think this would be a 
recurrent issue in Quarter 2.  
 
Like Krishna said, a large part of the power cost also was slightly retrospective. So, that would 
not come back in Quarter 2. And whatever operational price increases have happened along with 
a lot of other raw material solvent price increases also which have happened in Quarter 1, all 
those would be taken into account, and they would be passed on to the customers.  
 
Because we work on purchase order basis, we have the liberty to pass on the price increases or 
the operational increases to our customers. So, that we will be taking care, and I think that sort 
of one-off expense which has happened or the additional expenses that have happened in this 
quarter will not move to Quarter 2. 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Now as regards the guidance, we are still confident that we will be able to make up for this lost 
Rs. 25 crores - Rs. 30 crores of sales in the coming few quarters. And we are still confident we 
will be able to achieve our guidance of closer to Rs. 1,000 crores while maintaining the EBITDA 
margin levels between 32% to 35%. 
Mulesh: 
That is really helpful and that gives us renowned confidence in the company. And on custom 
front, as you said, that because of whatever reason we have booked the sale, so have we made 
any provision against those sales or our view is that no provision is required and once that is 
resolved, everything will be routine? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
At this point of time, like my MD has already said, we had already got the re-export permit from 
Central Bureau of Narcotics. So, because of this reason, we haven't had any provision to be made 
on this front, and we believe that this should be resolved amicably. 
Mulesh: 
And all our other exports are normally happening. I mean, there is no difficulty anywhere due 
to this expiry of license or renewal was pending. And I am just wondering how the renewal of a 
particular very important license was missed by our team? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
No, actually let me clarify this. It is not a renewal of license for the particular product in question. 
It is a psychotropic drug. For each and every consignment, there is a new import authorization. 
There is a new export authorization. This new export authorization is only limited to that 
consignment. It doesn't work across different customers, different countries or different 
products. It is just specifically for that particular consignment, that particular country, that 
particular customer. So, it is not that the license had expired and it has a cascading effect on any 
other customer or any other shipment. It is only limited to that particular shipment. 
Mulesh: 
So, we were supposed to get the license for authorization for this export, and we did not get it? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
No, we had the export authorization. We had all the documents in place as issued by the Central 
Bureau of Narcotics. There was only a technical lapse of two days where there was a human 
oversight by the logistics department and that the given export authorization had expired before 
the shipping bill was raised. It is not a question of not having the document. All the required 
documents were already in place. It was just a two-day technical lapse that happened and now 
with the new CBN export authorization that we have received, our opinion is that this should 
regularize that particular export. 
Mulesh: 
In fact, this clarification was required a little earlier also. I would have thought that probably the 
company will come up with some clarification so that the investor's minds are clarified and clear. 
So, now it is good that you have cleared everything. Thank you so much, and I wish you all the 
very best. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Aanchal Maheshwari from Naredi Investment. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Aanchal Maheshwari: 
Now that we have our Ambernath facility also coming on board, how much is the depreciation 
that we expect for the full-year basis? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Ambernath alone I think would contribute somewhere around Rs. 14 crores to Rs. 15 crores on 
depreciation. So, that you can add up to a regular I think should be somewhere around nearing 
to Rs. 35 crores to Rs. 40 crores should be the overall depreciation. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Abhishek from Padmaja Investments. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek: 
What is the status of the general manager as of now? Like is he still behind bars or did he get 
any bail? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
No. Like I mentioned, the matter is still sub judice. So, they are still in judicial custody. 
Abhishek: 
And what is the closing inventory as of June 30 in our books? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Somewhere around Rs. 230 crores to Rs. 240 crores. It is on the higher side. Since the last 
quarter, we had planned for taking the maintenance, so we had started building up the inventory. 
Now that we are revisiting that, we have to now start slowly liquidating the inventory. With that 
plan originally in mind, we had jacked up all the inventories. But now that it is not going to 
happen like what my Joint MD has already suggested, so we will have to now liquidate over the 
next three to four quarters. 
Abhishek: 
And this is one small observation. Like if you see even in the last Quarter 4, in Quarter 1, just 
before the earnings, the stock price is reacting in correlation with the event. I think there is some 
information spillage that is happening. Maybe try to do something. I don't know if it is possible 
or not also. 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
I don't think so. This is something which we cannot speculate or talk about anywhere in any 
forum. So, it is something that is not in our control. 
Abhishek: 
No, I am not talking about speculation. I think earnings is somehow being leaked out. That is 
my observation. That's all. Thanks for the answers. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Nirmam Mehta from Unique PMS. Please go ahead. 
Nirmam Mehta: 
My first question, is any updates on the CMO contracts that you are expecting? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
We have made good progress specifically on one of the large anesthetic CDMO contract that we 
are looking at. We are very close to signing a term sheet. So, hopefully in the next quarter, we 
will be able to announce something good. But at the back end, a lot of qualification work is now 
completed. Quality has been approved. So, we are making good progress on the CMO, CDMO. 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Nirmam Mehta: 
Next, so this quarter, when I look at the therapy mix, vitamins have done really well. So, does 
that mean that the DSM ramp up is happening? And so, we also had received the pharma 
validations, I believe. So, have we ramped up the supply? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, we have. So, I think DSM has now reached a very stable state where we are very close to 
their peak volumes. Pharma validation is completed. Like I mentioned in the previous calls, we 
have set up now a dedicated facility for DSM. So, that is now up and running. So, things are 
moving very positively in the DSM project. 
Nirmam Mehta: 
And lastly, on the launches that we did last year, the ramp up is as per our expectation. And so, 
is the ramp up as per our expectation? And I believe Ambernath would be the key trigger for 
those products, right? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
So, there are two parts to it. The product that we added last year, we also have independent API 
exposure in a lot of countries. Plus, it will also be used for forward integration at Ambernath. 
So, we are working on multiple projects across both Ambernath as well as Lote. We are seeing 
actually very good traction. Even the cardiovascular advanced intermediate that we launched, it 
has already commercialized and we are seeing good traction from domestic market and semi-
regulated markets. 
 
Even for the anesthetic API that we have launched at the API level, we are seeing good traction 
coming in from, I would say, semi-regulated markets like Korea, Taiwan.  
 
We have also filed for the CEP, and we are expecting the CEP also to be received somewhere 
between October to November of this year, which will further boost the sales of those products 
in regulated markets like Europe.  
 
And like I mentioned before Ambernath, once I think the EU audit happens in November, that 
will actually sort of open up the ramp up of products there. But we have commercially launched 
two anesthetic products from Ambernath as well. 
Nirmam Mehta: 
And lastly on the Block F, so have we started work there? And by what time do we expect the 
block to be up and running? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
We haven't started it yet. We will be starting it in next couple of quarters. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Rachna Kukreja from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Rachna Kukreja: 
Just three questions. What drove the sequential improvement in North America market, and is 
this trend to continue, and which molecules are gaining stronger traction in those markets? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
Yes. So, like we have mentioned before, we have filed multiple DMFs in North American 
market. Specifically, we have filed at least four to five US DMFs and a lot of the customers have 
now started picking up the volumes for their validation and everything. 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
So, I think that is the reason why we see a slight increase in North American markets. Like we 
have mentioned before also, I think once the newer products that we are launching scale up in 
North America, you will also see the sales going up and the exposure will also go up. 
Rachna Kukreja: 
And if you could call out the revenue contribution from cardiovascular products as we are 
saying, it has gained strong traction. So, if you could just provide some color on how it has 
performed in terms of revenue versus other recently launched products in terms of revenue scale 
and profit margins as well as competitive positioning. 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
So, we will not be able to talk in detail about individual product contribution or margin 
contribution, but I would like to say that in terms of the volume pickup, yes, we are now at 
almost a commercialized level of manufacturing. The volumes have built up very well in the last 
couple of months and we are seeing good traction, but for it to be a larger contributor, it would 
still take at least 9 to 12 months because a lot of the customers are still under qualification. They 
have done their stability and everything. So, for its full effect to happen, I think we are still about 
nine months away. 
Rachna Kukreja: 
One last question. Why has the revenue mix from backward integrated products declined and 
has that created an impact on EBITDA margin? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
See, it is not only backward integrated, also the revenue mix has created some of the reduction 
in EBITDA margin. You would have observed that in Europe, the sales were on the lesser side. 
So, it had its own impact on the EBITDA margins. 
Rachna Kukreja: 
So, it is more of a country-wide mix that has impacted slightly on EBITDA margins. That is the 
main factor. 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Multiple factors, I could say. If you would follow the script, what my Joint MD had suggested, 
see there were some production losses and because of which certain of the materials which were 
supposed to go into regulated markets could not go. It is, I would say, a multiple mix of factors 
which had caused the EBITDA dip. I think that we have elaborated in the speech itself. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Saloni Singh, who is an investor. Please go ahead. 
Saloni Singh: 
My question is, could you tell us more about the planned shutdown in Q2 and its impact on 
revenue? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
No. Like my joint MD mentioned in her speech, initially we had planned a big shutdown in 
Quarter 2 across multiple blocks. However, we have already lost a lot of production time in 
Quarter 1 because of the water issues and the other issues. So, we have decided to now push 
back on that shutdown in Quarter 2.  

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
What we will be doing is, we will be taking up smaller debottlenecking activities across different 
blocks so as to avoid any larger impact on production. So, the planned shutdown will not happen 
in Quarter 2 anymore. 
Saloni Singh: 
My next question is, what are the plans company has to sustain the growth beyond FY '27? Is 
there any guidance for FY '28? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
No. So, we have already said that we would be growing at a CAGR of about 20% year-on-year. 
I think the same trend would continue. And beyond FY '27, I think already we are working in 
multiple directions. We are adding new products to our existing API basket. We are adding 
newer therapies to make it more robust. We have also added finish formulation vertical at 
Ambernath, which would start giving revenue after the audit is completed. We also have started 
entering into CMO-CDMO collaborations both at API, advanced intermediate, and finish 
formulation level.  
 
So, I think work is happening on a lot of fronts in adding more verticals to the business, more 
products to the pipeline, plus the Patalganga facility we are investing for capacity building. So, 
keeping in mind all the strong fundamentals and all the areas where we are working, I am sure 
the growth will happen in the next 3-4 years. 
Saloni Singh: 
One last question. Is there any other employee involved in the matter? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
No, there is no involvement of any other employee in any matter. 
Saloni Singh: 
Regarding the customs matter, ma'am? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
So, already one person, like we have mentioned before, is in judicial custody.  
Saloni Singh: 
No, apart from him, is there any other employee? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
No. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Adityapal from MSA Capital Partners. Please go ahead. 
Adityapal: 
Just wanted to understand from you, so we are seeing Rs. 1,000 crores is still on track. It means 
that we are seeing really strong demand from our recently launched products. So, we can easily 
do broadly Rs. 270 crores - Rs. 280 crores per quarter and that is on track. We don't see any 
doubts with that because that would mean that on a Y-o-Y basis, we will be growing by 30%. 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
So, like I mentioned before also, the fundamentals of the company still remain the same. The 
new products that we are launching, we are getting good traction. We are already doing a lot of 
filings in the regulated markets for them to ramp up. 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Even in the existing portfolio itself, we are seeing good growth. The volumes of the customers 
across different countries are growing. Ambernath will start contributing to the revenue from 
this year.  So, all the fundamentals are still in place, and that is the reason why we feel confident 
that we should be able to achieve our target. How it will happen and how much of this loss that 
we have encountered in Q1, we will be able to recover fully in Quarter 2, that we will have to 
wait and see. But for the full year, we are still confident we will be able to achieve that number. 
Adityapal: 
Not so much for Quarter 2, but so much for the full year because even if we spread out over the 
next three quarters, it is a good comeback that we will make. 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
Yes. 
Adityapal: 
And in terms of, you were speaking about our ATS-8 product. So, is there any change from last 
time you had said that there is a visibility of easier 250 tons for this year? Is there any change? 
Are we seeing lower and then the tonnage will actually be pushed into FY '28? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
So, we had said that the 250 metric ton number will be achieved in the next two years' time once 
it is fully commercialized. We have not guided 250 tons for this particular year because it will 
be a slow ramp up. It cannot happen that in six, seven months of launch of a product, you will 
get that much traction. 
 
The customers also need to take the product, validate their API, put in for stability, change their 
filings because finally the API is also in regulated markets. So, this is the gradual scale up to 
which this product can go. That is the number that we had said. This number is not meant for 
this particular year. 
Adityapal: 
And the visibility still remains? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, it still remains. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Tushar Bohra from MK Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Thank you to the management for clarifying a number of issues and points surrounding the 
company. So, my first question is, you highlighted a number of initiatives in the second half of 
the year. The scale-up of the liquid anesthetic from Ambernath launch of the contrast media 
product.  
 
Also, I think we are scaling up on the cardiovascular drug. We have highlighted a few initiatives 
for the coming years as well.  Is it fair to say that we should have a much stronger ramp-up 
second half of this year entering into next year compared to the current run rate of the company? 
That is my first question. 
 
Second, while we maintain a 20% growth trajectory, would it be fair to assume that there is 
potential for a higher number than 20%? And how well prepared is the management, let's say, if 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
there's a 30%-35%-40% kind of a possibility for growth in a given year, how well prepared is 
the management from a process standpoint and scale-up standpoint to handle that kind of a 
growth trajectory? What are we doing to strengthen the capabilities of the organization to handle 
that kind of a growth trajectory? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
So, yes, to answer your first question, the ramp-up would definitely be much stronger in the 
second half of the year for this financial year. As far as the next couple of years’ growth is 
concerned, yes, there is a potential to grow beyond the 20% because, like I mentioned before, 
we are working on multiple different fronts right from addition of capacity to addition of new 
products, new verticals. There are a lot of CMO, CDMO opportunities also which are under 
discussion at this point at a very initial stage. 
 
So, keeping in mind the different areas in which the management is working, there is definitely 
potential in the business to grow beyond that 20% as well. A lot of these things are also a result 
of how fast regulatory approval comes because we operate in a very regulated environment. 
beyond 80% of the revenue comes in from exports and in that also a large chunk of it comes 
from regulated markets. 
 
So, getting the right regulatory approvals for the products, for the new facilities, is very 
important for that scale-up to happen. But definitely keeping in mind all the efforts that the 
management is putting and the product pipeline that we have and the other products which are 
also ramping up slowly, there is potential in the business to grow beyond that 20%. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Just a follow-up to this, we are probably at a stage of the company where we are going to work 
increasingly with the innovators and the bigger companies. You highlighted on the liquid 
anesthetic, we have a few opportunities coming up, that DSM contract obviously. So, I believe 
that you are going probably more towards the CMO-CDMO journey.  
 
Also, with this incident that has happened around the technical lapse of that consignment, that 
gives the company an opportunity to strengthen our processes and controls, maybe prepare for 
a much larger organization ramp-up in terms of capability of the organization. Can you just 
highlight what is being done in this regard to strengthen the company's processes and controls? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, absolutely. I think we are working a lot in internally strengthening our systems more. As 
we speak, we are actually under SAP implementation, so we will be live in another four to five 
months, we should be live with our SAP, which will further strengthen our internal system. 
 
And even on a lot of the other fronts, I mean, we are introducing a lot of automization. Even at 
the site quality level, we have implemented different softwares like TrackWise, which are very 
important for quality management systems and the documentation part of it. So, a lot of efforts 
have been going on in the background to further improve and make it a more system-driven 
organization. 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Tushar Bohra: 
So, given that we have been highlighting about the entire China plus One, multiple times in the 
previous quarters, we have been highlighting how we intend to take away volumes from China 
on specific products. We have also been quite vocal about the CDMO, CMO opportunities.  
 
Can you just highlight what all action is being done in that regard and what kind of maybe 
potential collaboration or, let's say, product initiatives that we can expect over the next, say, one 
to two years? How serious are we to build that CDMO journey? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
So, we are working very seriously on the CDMO journey. The liquid anesthetic would probably 
be one of our biggest areas of collaboration with an innovator where the opportunity size could 
be pretty big. So, that project is ongoing and it is moving quite well. 
 
At the same time, we also have another four or five APIs as well as advanced intermediate where 
we have already started talking to customers from regulated markets where we are gaining good 
traction. However, those projects are at an initial stage.  
 
Also, Ambernath, which is a very predominantly CMO, CDMO-driven site, we have already 
launched two aesthetic product finished formulation and we already have about five or six 
products in the pipeline, tablets, injectables, where we are also seeing good collaboration 
opportunities from customers in Europe as well as North America. 
 
So, I think in the next three to four years, because for CDMO, I think 1.5-2 years is a very short 
period of time. But I think in the next three to four years, CMO, CDMO will come up as one of 
the company's strongest verticals. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Rishabh Tripathi, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Rishabh Tripathi: 
So, my first question is on the line of since we are talking about CMO, CDMO. So, a lot of R&D 
effort would be going on in this direction. But at the same time, molecules come and go. Every 
project would not be successful, but there would be a lot of learning coming out of it. 
 
So, can we highlight some of the learning over the last couple of years in this journey of moving 
towards CMO, CDMO that we have had, key learning from maybe success and failure?  
 
And additionally, what are the internal structures that we have so all these learning get captured? 
So, one learning from one project can be transformed and can be used in the other project. So, 
what type of processes set up or maybe some tech uses that we are doing so that learning do not 
leak and can get captured for the long term? So, that is my first question. 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, I think CMO, CDMO has taught us a lot in the last 2-3 years. And specifically, it has helped 
us strengthen our internal systems. Some small examples that I would like to give here is that 
larger innovators and larger multinationals focus a lot on the ESG aspect, where we did not have 
much focus a couple of years back. 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
So, going in for EcoVadis, again for FSSAI certifications, for ISO certifications, I think these 
are some of the things that we have taken up very aggressively in the last couple of years. And 
we have made, I mean, we got a Silver rating in EcoVadis recently. So, it shows that we are 
building an organization which will be future ready on these aspects.  So, a lot of improvement 
we were able to bring on the ESG aspect because of CDMO-CMO collaborations.  
 
The other thing also, we invested heavily in R&D. Before this, our R&D was heavily focused 
on life cycle management of products. But with the newer opportunity coming in, we are now 
focusing on new product launches. We have a dedicated team for CMO-CDMO collaborations. 
We have also set up a new small pilot plant where we do scale-up of these projects. 
 
So, I think a lot we have learned in terms of infrastructure, upgradation, automization. And we 
also now have a dedicated project team, right from R&D to pilot to commercial scale-up. We 
now have a strong CMO-CDMO team in place, which is led by our technical lead, Dr. Shirish 
Ambekar. So, I think these are some of the key things that we were able to take on and further 
strengthen our organization for CMO collaborations. 
Rishabh Tripathi: 
My second question would be around, with all these learnings and the efforts that are going into 
R&D, how we are trying to build a system. Let's say, right now, we talk a lot about launching 
products, one product after another. 
 
But from going through the block of, let's say, growth of 2-3 years, how we are trying to build a 
system which thinks in terms of block of 5 years, 7 years, 10 years. So, that would be my another 
question. 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
So, like I said, now the strategy is focused on multiple verticals. We are trying to de-risk the 
business by addition of different verticals into the business. Earlier, it was only an API business. 
 
Now, we are trying to add finished formulation vertical. We are trying to add CMO, CDMO 
vertical. We are trying to bring in professionals who are experts in these particular areas.  So, 
this is how we are trying to get the organization ready.  
 
I also mentioned on the system side, we have implemented in the last one year a lot of systems 
on QMS, quality management system documentation. We are now under a SAP implementation 
as well. So, this is how we will also be able to bring the system on par with the people that also 
we are trying to bring in.  
 
So, a lot of efforts are ongoing. Capacity building is another thing that we are doing because we 
see large potential in our new launches in the new product portfolio that we have. So, we also 
have to build equivalent capacity for the scale up of that. So, all those things are there.  
 
Even at the site level, a lot of automation. We have been able to bring gravity flow kind of things, 
DCS systems where we have been able to reduce manual intervention and bring it more on an 
automized way. So, all those things we have been able to do in the last couple of years. 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Rishabh Tripathi: 
Just one point like as last participant also mentioned that since we are moving into direction with 
interaction with maybe our partners would be of much larger size, innovators and the other stuff 
is compliance piece becomes pretty critical. Any lapse there would cost us a bit. So, hopefully 
this is one of the incidents which happened, and it will not be a recurring thing. Thanks for all 
the answers. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Mithin Shah, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Mithin Shah: 
So, my question would be like what is the cash reserves as of now we speak? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Cash reserves. See, we have around Rs. 150 crores in FDs and mutual funds. 
Mithin Shah: 
Correct. So, the reason I am asking you is there any plan for CapEx in this fiscal or the next 
fiscal, and how do we utilize that basically? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
See, this would be what do you call for the initial phase of Isambe project, we would be using 
this. 
Mithin Shah: 
How much would that be? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
That would be Rs. 200 crores. First phase would be around Rs. 200 crores and which would also 
what do you call, the second phase will have a similar number or a larger number, still larger 
number. 
Mithin Shah: 
And secondly, regarding this North America contribution, I guess it is roughly somewhere 
around 3% odd or so. So, given, I do not know what are the tariff rates that have been imposed 
on some of the products. How much is that, and how do we see the traction given the tariff 
scenario? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
See, as of now, I think after a couple of years, I think there is going to be a 100% tariff on 
pharma. I do not think the existing scenario, there is not any much tariff on pharma products yet. 
Mithin Shah: 
So, the assumption is that there would be the imposition of some harder tariff rates on various 
products from North America, right? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
That would be going forward. It would be too speculative to answer at this stage. 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
And also having said that, I think our exposure is mainly larger at this point in Europe and even 
for the finished formulations, the larger opportunities for us are coming from Europe. So, while 
yes, of course, North America will grow in the next couple of years with the new launches and 
the new CMO, CDMO bucket, I think Europe might remain the larger market for us. So, as of 
now, I do not think we are much affected by the tariffs that are being rolled out. 
Mithin Shah: 
So, it was never a larger pie of the exports, am I right? 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
Just because of the inherent nature of the product portfolio that we had, as of now, the product 
portfolio that we have predominantly has a larger market share in Europe and Latin American 
markets. So, those two are our highest revenue regions. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Jason, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Jason: 
As the company is scaling its CDMO-CMO business, I believe scientific talent will be a key 
differentiator. Could you share your plans around expanding the R&D and technical team over 
the next few years? Are you investing in hiring experienced scientists or building specialized 
capabilities or ecosystems to support this growth? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
Yes. So, we have already done a lot of investment in R&D in the last two years. Earlier, we only 
had one single R&D out of our Lote site, which was mainly life cycle management. Now, we 
have expanded that R&D also. Plus, we have also started a new R&D at Ambernath, where there 
are two segregations. One is for API and the other one is for finished formulation. 
 
So, as we speak in the last, I think, two, three years, our R&D strength has gone from, about 20-
30 to almost 70 people now. So, we have added people in R&D and we have also added new 
verticals like finished formulation in our R&D. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Aanchal Maheshwari from Naredi Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Aanchal Maheshwari: 
As we move towards the formulation side of the business over the next few years, do we see any 
further margin improvement from where we are today? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
No, I think the margins would remain where we are today, mainly because there we are looking 
at CMO, CDMO kind of opportunities. So, I think for the next couple of years and also the other 
reason being that in our portfolio, we are constantly adding new products where the scale-up 
first happens in the semi-regulated markets and then in the regulated markets.  
 
So, now this cycle will keep on going for the next few years. So, I think the margins would 
remain at that 33% to 35% at least for the next three to four years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions in the queue, ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
Supriya Lifescience Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
(This document was edited for readability purpose) 
 
