Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
Regd. Office: #53/1-4, Hosur Main Road, Madivala, 
Bengaluru-560068, Karnataka, India  
CIN of the Co. L72900KA2011PLC057931 
P: +91 80 6196 0300, F: +91 80 6196 0700 
Website: www.happiestminds.com 
Email: investors@happiestminds.com
July 30, 2026 
Listing Compliance & Legal Regulatory 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
Stock Code: 543227 & 975101 
Listing & Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra East, Mumbai 400 051 
Stock Code: HAPPSTMNDS 
  Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on July 28, 2026 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Call held 
on July 28, 2026, post announcement of financial results of the Company for the quarter ended as on June 
30, 
2026. 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
(https://www.happiestminds.com/investors). 
This is for your information and records. 
 Thanking you, 
   Yours faithfully, 
  For Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
Praveen Kumar Darshankar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F6706 
PRAVEEN 
KUMAR 
DARSHANKAR
Digitally signed by 
PRAVEEN KUMAR 
DARSHANKAR 
Date: 2026.07.30 19:37:04 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 28 
 
 
 
“Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
 
 
         
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Joseph Anantharaju – Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 Mr. Ashok Soota – Chairman and Chief Mentor  
 Mr. Venkatraman Narayanan – Managing Director  
 Mr. Ram Mohan – Chief Executive Officer, Infrastructure 
Management and Securities Services (IMSS) 
 Mr. Sridhar Mantha – Chief Executive Officer, generative AI Business 
Services (GBS) 
 Mr. Anand Balakrishnan – Chief Financial Officer  
 Mr. Praveen Darshankar – Company Secretary and Compliance 
Officer  
Ms. Priyanka Sharma – Head Investor Relations  
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ms. Aditi Patil – ICICI Securities Limited 
 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 28 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Happiest Minds 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal the operator by pressing star, then zero 
on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I will now hand the conference over to Ms. Aditi Patil from ICICI 
Securities Limited for opening remarks. Thank you and over to you. 
Aditi Patil: 
Thank you, Ryan. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for 
joining us today on the Q1 FY27 Earnings Call of Happiest Minds 
Technologies Limited. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I would like to thank 
the management of Happiest Minds for giving us the opportunity to 
host this call. 
 
Today we have with us Mr. Joseph Anantharaju, Co-Chairman and CEO; 
Mr. Venkatraman Narayanan, Managing Director; Mr. Ram Mohan, 
CEO Infrastructure Management and Security Services; Mr. Sridhar 
Mantha, CEO Generative AI Business Services; Mr. Praveen Darshankar, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer; Mr. Anand Balakrishnan, 
CFO; Mrs. Priyanka Sharma, Head Investor Relations. 
 
I will now hand it over to Priyanka Sharma for the safe harbor 
statement and to take proceedings forward. Thank you and over to 
you, Priyanka. 
Priyanka Sharma: 
Thank you so much, Aditi. Good morning to all participants on the call 
and welcome to the conference call to discuss the financial results for 
the first quarter ended June 2026. I am Priyanka Sharma, Head of 
Investor Relations. We hope you have had an opportunity to review the 
earnings release issued yesterday. Now let me quickly walk you 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 28 
 
through the agenda for today's call. Joseph will begin by sharing his 
perspectives on the business environment, our strategic priorities, and 
overall business performance. 
 
Sridhar will touch upon AI-led transformation initiatives and progress 
around AI-led engagements and capabilities. Thereafter, Venkat will 
take you through the financial and operational performance for the 
quarter followed by our outlook for FY27. Following the management 
commentary, we will open the floor for Q&A. 
 
Before we begin, let me read the safe harbor statement. During this 
call, we may make forward-looking statements. These statements 
reflect the environment we see as of today and involve risks and 
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. We do 
not undertake any obligation to update these statements periodically. 
 
With that, let me hand it over to Joseph. 
Joseph Anantharaju: Thank you, Priyanka. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for 
joining us today to discuss Happiest Minds Technologies' financial 
results for the first quarter of FY27. We have started FY27 on a strong 
note, reflecting the continued trust of our customers, the resilience of 
our operating model, and the growing relevance of our capabilities as 
enterprises accelerate investment in AI-led transformation, digital 
engineering, cybersecurity, and automation. 
 
As more of our peers have reported their quarterly performance, we 
are encouraged by the relative strength of our own results. We believe 
this reflects the strength of our AI-first strategy, the breadth of our 
digital capabilities, and our disciplined execution in an evolving market 
environment. 
 
Our operating revenue for the quarter stood at INR629 crores, 
representing 14.3% year-on-year growth in rupee terms. In constant 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 28 
 
currency, revenue grew 2.6% sequentially and 6.7% year-on-year. We 
also maintained a healthy EBITDA margin of 21.7% while continuing to 
invest meaningfully in AI capabilities, enterprise platforms, talent, and 
go-to-market initiatives that will support our long-term growth. Venkat 
will talk more about our results. 
 
This encouraging start to the year reinforces our confidence in the 
resilience of our business and provides a solid foundation for the year 
ahead. Let me now turn to the market conditions. The demand 
environment remains mixed with discretionary spending continuing to 
be selective. At the same time, enterprise technology investments are 
increasingly 
shifting 
towards 
AI-led 
transformation, 
data 
modernization, cloud, cybersecurity, and productivity initiatives. 
 
We believe AI is fundamentally reshaping the future of enterprises. As 
organizations move from experimentation to scale deployment, the 
conversation has shifted from whether AI should be adopted to how 
quickly it can be deployed securely and at scale to create measurable 
business value. 
 
This is reflected in the continued strength of our demand environment 
with our pipeline remaining strong, providing us with confidence in our 
growth outlook. Our AI portfolio continues to expand with over 100 AI 
agents, around 60 repeatable use cases, and a growing suite of AI-
powered solutions and accelerators enabling faster deployment, 
greater reuse, and stronger customer outcomes. Sridhar will provide 
more details on our AI strategy. 
 
Beyond our services business, we continue to strengthen our portfolio 
of proprietary platforms and repeatable solutions. Our enterprise AI 
platform, together with Arttha, Insurance in a Box, Multi-Omics, and 
EduWeave platforms, help customers accelerate AI adoption while 
allowing us to combine proprietary intellectual property with our 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 28 
 
engineering capabilities. These platforms create differentiated entry 
points into customer relationships, lead to non-linear growth, and 
support larger, long-term transformation engagements. 
 
Some notable wins during the quarter included our selection as the 
strategic data and AI partner for a leading North American energy 
infrastructure company, an AI-powered test automation engagement 
for a leading Australian insurance provider, a digital commerce 
modernization program for a leading Indian multinational CPG 
company, a Salesforce-based product engineering engagement for a 
global consulting company, and a multi-year managed security services 
engagement with a major Middle Eastern retailer. 
 
From an industry perspective, growth was led by Healthcare & Life 
Sciences, which grew 22% year-on-year and 4% sequentially. BFSI 
remained our largest vertical at 27% of revenues, while EdTech 
contributed 16% and delivered modest growth. High-Tech too 
recorded a strong sequential recovery. Geographically, the Americas 
continued to be our largest market, contributing 57% of revenues. 
 
Growth was increasingly diversified across our other markets with India 
and APAC growing approximately 9% and 10% sequentially 
respectively. This broader geographic participation provides us with 
greater balance and supports our long-term growth ambitions. Looking 
ahead, while the macroeconomic environment remains mixed, we 
believe the structural drivers of technology spending remain firmly 
intact. 
 
Enterprises continue to prioritize AI, cloud, cybersecurity, and data 
engineering, areas where Happiest Minds has deep capabilities and 
strong customer relevance. Supported by a healthy pipeline, 
disciplined execution, and increasing AI adoption across our customer 
base, we remain confident in our strategy. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 28 
 
 
With that, I will hand over to Sridhar, who will take you through the 
progress behind our AI strategy. Sridhar, over to you. 
Sridhar Mantha: 
Thank you very much, Joseph, and good morning, everyone. Joseph has 
shared how our AI-first strategy is creating momentum in the 
marketplace. Let me now take you through the engineering 
capabilities, enterprise platforms, and delivery innovations that are 
enabling those outcomes for us. 
 
Our efforts are centered around three priorities. The first one is, as we 
shared in the previous quarter, building a secure and reusable 
enterprise AI platform that can be customized for various domains and 
create vertical solutions on the top of it. The second one is, of course, 
embedding AI across the entire software development lifecycle and in 
all the services that we provide to our customers. 
 
The third and the last one is delivering measurable productivity and 
quality improvements for our customers because various AI 
technologies that are being adopted are so young and new in the 
marketplace. Our enterprise AI platform provides a modular, secure, 
and model-agnostic foundation for enterprise AI adoption. 
 
A key design principle is reuse, enabling customers to leverage reusable 
AI agents, flows, and accelerators rather than building every AI 
application from scratch. This significantly reduces implementation 
time, improves consistency across deployments, and allows domain-
specific AI solutions to scale with appropriate governance, security, 
along with human oversight for enterprise environments. 
 
We are equally focused on transforming the way software is 
engineered. At this point in time, we have more than 2,000 Happiest 
Minds that are using advanced agentic and AI development tools, and 
our engineering teams today generate more than 2.5 million lines of 
code with the help of agents every month. This reflects the increasing 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 28 
 
adoption of AI across our software engineering lifecycle. More 
importantly, AI is helping shorten development cycles, improve code 
quality, strengthen documentation, and also increase the test coverage 
and accelerate application, development and modernization, while all 
outputs continue to undergo our established engineering security and 
quality review rigor. 
Our reliable platform is enabling customers to adopt agentic software 
engineering within secure, governed enterprise environments, 
allowing human engineers and AI agents to work and collaborate 
together throughout the entire development lifecycle. Beyond 
software engineering, within Happiest Minds, AI is also driving 
measurable improvements across all our delivery operations. 
Few examples are, within our infrastructure services, approximately 
60% of the identified provisioning scope has been already automated 
with the help of AI tools, resulting in nearly twofold improvement in 
provisioning speed. Another example is within application integration, 
now AI automation is covering the identified process scope and 
contributing to estimated 80% reduction in our efforts and, of course, 
improving the quality. 
We are also embedding AI across quality engineering, infrastructure 
operations, cybersecurity, and data engineering, as demonstrated by 
the AI-powered test automation engagement that Joseph highlighted 
earlier. As AI adoption scales, responsible governance also becomes 
increasingly important. Security, privacy, model governance, and 
human oversight are therefore built into both our enterprise AI 
platform as well as in the delivery process and methodology that we 
have within Happiest Minds, which is enabling customers to innovate 
with confidence while maintaining the enterprise-grade controls. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 28 
 
Overall, we are very encouraged by the progress and we continue to 
believe the milestones and metrics we have shared today demonstrate 
that our AI strategy is translating into tangible execution. Our focus 
remains on converting AI from a promising technology into measurable 
business outcomes through enterprise platforms, reusable IPs, 
engineering excellence, and disciplined execution. With that, let me 
hand over to Venkat, who will walk you through our financial and 
operational performance for the quarter. Venkat, over to you. 
Venkatraman N: 
Sorry, I was on mute. Thank you, Sridhar, and good morning, everyone. 
Over the next few minutes, I will take you through our financial and 
operational performance for the first quarter of FY27 and conclude 
with our outlook for the year. We have started the year on a very solid 
note, delivering another quarter of profitable growth despite a demand 
environment that remains selective. 
Operating revenues for the quarter stood at INR629 crores, 
representing a growth of 4% sequentially and 14.3% year-over-year. In 
constant currency, our revenues grew 2.6% sequentially and 6.7% over 
the previous year. Total income for the quarter came in at about 
INR652 crores, representing a growth of 4.9% sequentially and 12.5% 
year-over-year. The quarter was one where we continued to see 
improvement in demand across a spectrum of services together with 
good execution from our side across our business. 
Turning to profitability, our operating margin at INR109 crores has 
shown a growth of 2.3% while continuing to be at about 17.5% of 
revenues. This is incidentally almost the same as it was last quarter and 
the quarter last year. This margin performance was despite the 
currency loss on our forward contracts of about INR11 crores and a 
spike in provision to account for delayed collection or receivables of 
about INR5 crores, and both of them compared to the previous quarter. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 28 
 
Only for a pure comparison purposes, if I adjust these two instances, 
our operating margin stands at about 19.75% and higher than our not 
guided range but what I was saying as an expectation for us to be 17.5% 
to 18.5%. Coming straight to our adjusted profit after tax for the 
quarter, it stands at about INR80.5 crores, which is 12.3% of our total 
income, showing a growth sequentially of 12.9% and a year-over-year 
growth of 14.3%. 
To clarify, PAT adjustments do not account for the forex losses or 
provisions for receivables that I talked about just a while back. These 
adjustments only relate to acquisitions costs, which are, I believe, 
accounting noise, and I have been adjusting for them over all the 
previous quarters. Our healthy adjusted PAT aptly reflects in our 
growth of adjusted EPS as well, which for the quarter stands at INR5.34, 
up 17% year-over-year. 
Our profitability continues to reflect disciplined management while 
continuing to invest in AI, enterprise platforms, sales capacity, and 
future-ready talent. From a capital efficiency standpoint, ROCE 
improved to 23.9% while ROE stood at 15.5%, both up from 21.8% and 
12.8% last quarter, so a significant improvement and this has been a 
focus for us. We closed the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of 
about INR1,743 crores compared to the INR1,679 crores last quarter. 
Talking about some operational metrics, we ended the quarter with 
about 306 active customers, which is same as last quarter, while the 
number of billion-dollar corporations we serve has increased by one to 
92. These billion-dollar customers of ours contribute to about 
approximately 60% of our revenue. Repeat business continues to 
remain strong at about 94.4%, reflecting our customer relationships 
and the confidence reposed by them on us. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 28 
 
Working capital discipline is an area of continued focus. While DSO 
improved to 92 days from 94 in the previous quarter, we did have to 
account for some one-time provisions which I talked about earlier, and 
let me assure you that that was us being conservative on that account 
and we are leaving no stone unturned to collect most of those 
provisions. We ended the quarter with about 6,532 Happiest Minds. 
Utilization moderated marginally to 81%, about 0.4% reduction, not a 
cause for concern, and our hiring has been up by about 32 people on 
net terms. 
Our utilization rate of 81% is healthy, but it also continues to be an area 
of focus in these fast-changing times. Our voluntary attrition has 
improved from 17% in the previous quarter to 15.4% this quarter. 
Looking ahead, our priorities remain clear and unchanged. We will 
continue investing in AI, talent, go-to-market capabilities, and 
operational scale to support sustainable long-term growth. 
While the macro environment remains mixed, we are encouraged by 
the strength of our pipeline, accelerating AI adoption, and the 
resilience of our business model. On the strong start to FY27 and the 
visibility we have today, we continue to focus on achieving our FY27 
revenue guidance of 12.5%. I would like to thank our customers, 
partners, shareholders, and every Happiest Mind for their continued 
trust, commitment, and support. Thank you for joining us and now I'll 
turn this over to you for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-
answer session. We take the first question from the line of Aditi Patil 
from ICICI Securities Limited. Please go ahead. 
Aditi Patil: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on good set of 
numbers in Q1. My first question is on our revenue outlook. We had 
shared a revenue guidance of at least 12% Y-o-Y growth in FY27. So this 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 28 
 
implies a strong CAGR for rest of the three quarters, around 5%. So 
what kind of visibility do we have for this kind of growth? Is it based on 
already won deals or it also depends on converting pipeline in coming 
quarters? And if you can share how your deal TCV has grown on Y-o-Y 
basis, maybe qualitative commentary on it. And does the guidance 
include any contribution from potential acquisitions? Thank you. 
Venkatraman N: 
While I'll answer the one acquisitions. Our growth numbers do not 
include any acquisitions, but it includes what we have acquired as of 
now and some are the ones that we have got on board. The second 
thing is on TCV. We have not been disclosing that number right from 
IPO, and it's something that we are beginning to internally track 
because our philosophy or our growth philosophy has been anchored 
on the land and expand strategy. 
So TCV is not something that makes sense, or at least we have not seen 
it, we are not able to relate that to the numbers, which is why we have 
always been talking about repeat business, customer additions, and 
our customer cohort, you know, revenue from our customer cohorts, 
which is 50% with customers who have been with us for more than five 
years and less than five years. So all of these put together show the 
health of the revenue and repeatability. Joseph, with the rest on the. 
Joseph Anantharaju: Sure, Venkat. So, continuing the line of thought that Venkat started off 
with, Aditi, as I mentioned earlier in my commentary, our pipeline is 
strong and it's grown both sequentially as well as especially year-on-
year, it's grown significantly, right? And in terms of the ensuing three 
quarters, I would agree with you that we have our work cut out, we 
need to continue delivering good results to get to the guidance that we 
had provided at the beginning of the year. 
Now in terms of, you know, how we see that happening, we do have, 
it's a combination of all that you mentioned, you know, we have a few 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 28 
 
mid-to-large size deals in the pipeline and we would need to convert a 
couple of them which will start giving results in revenues in Q3 and Q4. 
We've closed a couple of large deals, one of them in Q1 and another 
one just little earlier this month, which is beginning to ramp up and 
which will get into three digits in terms of the total size. 
And we have a few others, you know, that we've closed where we're 
implementing the first or executing the first project, based on which 
we expect to get more such, you know, projects and engagements. And 
I shared a few of our wins in the commentary, in our press release as 
well we have a few of these wins listed out which should lead to 
growth. So it's a mixture of all of these. 
And the third area I would say is some of the existing customers that 
we have, we have a strong program and initiative in place to expand 
our presence out there, that also I expect will contribute to our growth. 
There is also. 
Venkatraman N: 
Last quarter we had talked about movement or a shifting of two Arttha 
banking deals. One of it is getting extended, we are not very hopeful to 
put it that way, but the other one is taking time to close and we are 
hopeful that it will close in the second quarter. Also, pipeline on our 
non-linear growth platforms like, you know, EduWeave, Insurance-in-
a-Box are quite reassuring. 
There is also that lumpy revenues what would come. There is also one 
point which Aditi at some point in time we will discuss this with you 
because growth is coming a lot from Middle East, India, and Southeast 
Asia and APAC, you know, that constant currency we are getting hurt 
because we are dividing, you know, the volume growth by dollars, but 
that's something that we'll have to figure out how to, how to, you 
know, account for that in our, in our growth targets. So these are the 
things that we are looking at helping us in the ensuing quarters. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 28 
 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay, got it. And my next question is on the nature of deals in Gen AI 
business unit. Are these more short-cycle deals with lesser recurring 
component or do we see recurring component in these deals? And on 
the margins for Gen AI business unit, there was a sharp increase in the 
segmental margins in Q1. So what should we consider as steady-state 
margins or steady-state cost or investments in GenAI BU? 
Sridhar Mantha: 
Hi. This is Sridhar, I'll address the question. Of course, the first part of 
the question is still 1 year back, your observation was right, actually as 
well as especially within Happiest Minds also, we used to work more 
on use case-based engagements because the customers themselves 
were not very clear about what kind of ROIs they can get and how 
technology with AI can help their business problems. 
 
However, in the last few quarters, more than a year, we slowly started 
shifting towards 2 specific models. One is more of a pod’s kind of model 
where the customers want us to act as an external engineering team to 
help them with their AI journey. And second and last category is, as we 
mentioned in the previous quarter also, we started closing more deals 
that has both AI components as well as the digital transformation as a 
bunded larger deal. So both of these are helping us to move very rapidly 
point use cases, fixed bids into more of long-term engagement and 
larger transformation. 
Joseph Anantharaju: Just wanted to add one point out here, Aditi. I think what we need to 
start differentiating is the execution model and the contract model, 
right? Because with some of our customers, even though it would be 
T&M, but we have some SLAs or some outcomes embedded into those 
contracts. 
 
And I look at that as being more outcome-based because if not for the 
fact that we are able to promise those outcomes, we would not have 
won those deals. So we are beginning to see that aspect as well. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 28 
 
Because in this model, the customer has some flexibility to move 
priorities around, while at the same time, holding us accountable for 
outcomes. 
Sridhar Mantha: 
The second part of the question, Aditi, is, of course, on the investments 
that happen, right? We did talk about the enterprise AI platform and 
now the GBS revenue footprint being relatively smaller compared to 
the overall number, you may see some fluctuations within GBS because 
of the constant investments that continue to happen. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. 
Venkatraman N: 
And on the margin front, Aditi, at the end of the day, it's all got to do 
with utilization. Our utilization has nicely picked up. Also, there's quite 
a bit of cross-selling happening from the other BUs into AI, generative 
AI, that's also helping, which is showing up on margins. So the idea was 
when we started GBS, it should soon become at least 10% of the overall 
company's business. 
 
But while that doesn't progress, AI has penetrated into everything else 
that we are doing. We did mention this in the last call as well, maybe in 
the - by the end of next quarter when we publish our results for Q2. We 
want to with AI, but most other companies have slowly started 
publishing that, but we want to have -- we are doing a thorough run on 
those numbers and come back to you. So that gives you the total AI-led 
revenues, not GBS AI-led revenues which is embeded in various other 
parts of the business, whether it be infra or SDLC and the like. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. And just one confirmation. So we usually do annual wage 
increment in Q2. So this year also is it planned for Q2? 
Venkatraman N: 
Yes. We have that. It's a good point you make. Yes, there will be an 
adjustment in our margin, which has been traditionally how it has been 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 28 
 
for us. We'll have to claw back on that through both volume increase 
and value increase and growth that we see. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. So the entire increment impact will be in Q2, correct? 
Venkatraman N: 
No, it will be -- obviously, we'll have to look at numbers, the industry 
and all of that. So that's one. But whatever is being done, a large part 
of it, because you have got structures of up to C7 is in Q2 and about C7, 
C8 is in the month of October. So we split that and we do. 
 
While we temper that in line with business and the demand scenario 
that we have seen, we are also -- that's why I gave you a little bit of an 
insight into Operating margins that we had this time just because of 
those one-off noises, its kind of pushed us back at 17.5%. Some of that 
will also come to help us for the Q2 and the margin when the wage 
increase happens. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. Got it. We'll join back queue. All the best for FY27. 
Venkatraman N: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Vinesh Vala from 
HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Vinesh Vala: 
Yes, sir. Thanks for giving me the opportunity. So I have a few 
questions. First on the guidance part, as you told that 12.5% revenue 
growth for FY27 will be driven by pipeline conversion and which we 
have a strong pipeline and new deal wins in the line. But as you told 
that discretionary spending client is trying some cautiousness. So what 
are the key risks that could impact our guidance of 12.5%? 
Joseph Anantharaju: Vinesh, when I made my statement on discretionary spend, I also said 
that it's happening in the right areas. And what we are seeing -- support 
-- can you hear me, Venkat? 
Venkatraman N: 
You're going in and out, so maybe... 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 28 
 
Joseph Anantharaju: Okay. Let me start again. So Vinesh, if you noticed the statement that I 
made on discretionary spending, I said that it's being pushed or 
happening in specific areas, right? And what we are seeing is that the 
customers are optimizing, using AI, some of the support and 
maintenance and infra activities, the run part of the operations, right? 
And then taking that savings and deploying it on some of the AI and 
other innovation, right? 
 
And so, that's what we are seeing. And if you ask me what is the risk 
that I think? I think it's the elephant in the room, right, if you look at 
the current war and the impact having on inflation and other things. I 
think that dragging out for too long is what I would see as a risk right 
now to sustaining the kind of performance that we've delivered in Q1. 
Vinesh Vala: 
Okay. Sir, and another thing was on the FY28 aspiration we had of 15% 
growth. So are we sticking back to that 15% aspiration for FY28 or we 
are good to give only FY27? 
Venkatraman N: 
Vinesh, that's an aspiration that continues. So there is no change to 
that. So we have 12.5%. The idea is that this helps, set up a good 
platform for the growth in 15%. Obviously, like every good thing that 
you say, there are risks attributed to that, which is what Joseph just 
called out in terms of war, a possibility of -- maybe I don't know if I'm 
reacting too much, but there is -- there seems to be some sort of a 
reality check in the AI world itself about how -- what's the capex and 
how spend has to be. 
 
So these things have kind of a trickle-down effect on sentiments. It's 
just not the macro picture. The macro picture obviously is what it is. 
You have all the geopolitical disturbances. But accounting for all of that, 
I think the target for the year for us is 12.5%. And if we do that, that 
will really set up a great platform. Because we are making all these 
transformation changes only to make sure that the platform is in place 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 28 
 
for the growth aspiration of the team next year. So be it the long -- the 
good pipeline. The deal sizes in our pipeline are increasing. We are 
seeing business commitments in our -- new sign-ups go up. 
 
The business is improving. The new business pipeline is changing for 
the better because that was a change that we did bring in through 
Maninder heading business. The entire restructuring of the business 
into 2 BUs under PDES and infra security and infra and security also 
doing well. So see, all of this is -- all of it comes together, pistons fires, 
our aspiration should not change. The platform should be in place for 
us to do that. 
Vinesh Vala: 
Okay. And last one from my side on the vertical front, as I see the 
Edutech vertical last quarter also sequential growth. This quarter also 
we had a sequential growth. So do we expect that growth to sustain? 
And on the Hi-Tech vertical, again, from last 2 quarters, there was a 
sequential decline. And this quarter, we did a good phenomenal growth 
in this vertical. So what's your outlook on these 2 verticals? 
Joseph Anantharaju: So the Edutech vertical even last time I said that we feel that it's kind 
of the risk that we had has all manifested itself. And we expected the 
vertical to stabilize in terms of business. As I mentioned last time, there 
are a couple of things that we are doing which should help us sustain 
this recovery that we're seeing in that vertical. 
 
The first is that we have our EduWeave platform, and I talked about it 
last time, it's more like a digital Ed Tech platform for universities. And 
we are building that based on a couple of customers in US and 
Philippines, the experience we're getting out there. And as we speak, 
we have around 4 conversations in advanced stage and a couple of 
them that are very close to signing, right? And it's a modular platform 
which gives us flexibility. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 28 
 
 
The second is, we are targeting increasingly universities. That's a 
segment that we haven't really pursued earlier. So we are hopeful that 
with these 2, we should be able to infuse growth into the Ed Tech 
vertical. The Hi-Tech vertical, the growth that we saw this quarter is on 
the back of a large engagement we signed with one of our customers 
who we have started working with a few months back. 
 
We're doing work at a smaller scale, and we've been able to get a large 
engagement going with them. There's possibility of a second large 
engagement happening with them, which should have been and we've 
also signed a customer recently, that is expected to ramp up. So 
between the 2 of them, hopefully, they should be able to at least lead 
to growth. The growth we had this year was quite high, and that's not 
something that we can expect sequentially every quarter. We had 10% 
quarter-on-quarter growth, but we should be able to continue growing 
at the Hi-Tech vertical as well. 
Vinesh Vala: 
Okay. Thank you sir, and that's it from my side and all the best for the 
year. 
Joseph Anantharaju: Thanks Vinesh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of from Kuber from 
Axis Securities. Please go ahead. 
Kuber: 
Yes. Thank you for taking my question and congrats on good set of 
numbers. A couple of questions from my end. So when I look at your 
contracting model, I can see that we are moving into fixed price 
contracts. So is it fair to say that -- hello? 
Joseph Anantharaju: Yes, go ahead. 
Kuber: 
Yes. Is it fair to say that we are deliberately moving to fixed price? And 
second question is on business units. So out of 3 product digital and 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 28 
 
gen units are growing at a very fast rate. So what is leading to that 
growth? And how do you see 3 of the verticals going ahead? 
 
And the third question is on -- are we facing any kind of pricing pressure 
as all our peers are moving into AI-led contracts and everything? So, in 
terms of pricing pressure, are we witnessing any kind of -- yes, that's 
all. 
Joseph Anantharaju: Take the first question, Venkat. 
Venkatraman N: 
Yes. I'll touch on the contract bill. So I think I had mentioned this last 
time also, there is a confusion of AI business has been or seems to be 
largely oriented towards outcome and output-based model, whereas 
you don't have that in your numbers. And so are you doing AI. So this 
was a question that was a very legitimate question, no doubt. 
 
But the point is what we have here is pricing contract structure, it is not 
a business structure as I've been talking about. If you have a person 
being billed on a monthly basis, he can be AI FDE and gets billed on a 
monthly basis, he is classified as a fixed monthly billing and it goes into 
T&M. But the point is it's just not that we get to bill him at the end of 
the month irrespective what he delivers. 
There is a clear SOW which says what is the outcome that's required 
from that engineer and the team. So, it's you have every SOW detailing 
out the kind of work that's required from the team at the end of sprint 
A or B or C, you need to have delivered a few things. It could be lines of 
code; it could be a part of the platform using AI as a technology. All of 
that is there in your SOW. 
And so, but we capture it in the two buckets that we are given. It's like 
you're given two buckets, tell me if it is FP or if it is T&M, I put it in. So, 
it just does not mean that we are not doing outcome-based. Most of 
the things within the T&M or the FP is outcome or output-based. I'm 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 28 
 
not going to get paid just for showing up for work or having my people 
show up for work in office. So that's the point I want to make. We are 
trying to see how to capture that as the third bucket or it has to be a 
completely different bucket of how we are pricing the deals. 
Are we pricing it based on outcome, output, or just showing up to work. 
So that's something that we have to see, we'll get back to you. So that's 
on the T&M and FP. You are right, people want more of a SDLC to be 
used into used while we develop solutions for them. How does it come 
in the pricing model? There is no direct relation as to -- what I think and 
I have been trying to communicate this through the last two, three 
quarters. So that's on the pricing thing. Joseph? 
Joseph Anantharaju: Yes, sure, Venkat. See on the BU performance, obviously GBS has 
grown handsomely, and but it's on a smaller revenue base and we 
continue, we expect GBS to continue growing quite well right through 
the year given the investments we've made, the opportunities in the 
market and the capabilities that we have built in this area. PDES and 
GBS there's a pull-through from GBS as far as PDES revenues is 
concerned. I want to make a small clarification on IMSS business unit. 
I know we do we do see a sequential drop, but it was all driven by a 
one-time license revenue that we did get in Q4, that didn't -- we didn't 
have a repeat of that in Q1 and that was the real reason. But the 
pipeline on IMSS is strong and when we meet again next quarter, we 
will see that that the business unit would have demonstrated good 
growth. And the last one, whether we're facing any pricing pressure. 
So, Kuber, every year there will be a few customers who will come back 
and they'll have discussions, negotiations. So, this year is no different. 
At the same time, we have quite a few customers where in spite of the 
environment, where we've been able to affect a rate increase. So, I 
would say there's no systemic trend of customers coming back and 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 28 
 
asking for rate decrease or negotiating rates. There is a ask from 
customers to show the impact of using AI tools in the SDLC and that 
we're working out some metrics and other things to show customers 
what is the value that we're bringing to the table or what is the value 
that these tools are delivering. 
Kuber: 
Okay, okay. Yes, that's all from my end. 
Priyanka Sharma: 
Thank you, Kuber. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Rajveer Singh 
from Vivek Investment Manager. Please go ahead. 
Rajveer Singh: 
Hi, am I audible? 
Joseph Anantharaju: Yes. 
Rajveer Singh: 
Yes, thanks for giving me the opportunity and congratulations on a 
good set of numbers. My first question is on the AI productivity versus 
revenue. So Generative AI improves developer productivity, so how are 
we ensuring that the productivity gains translate into higher revenue 
rather than lower billing? 
Rajveer Singh: 
And my second question is about the competition. So, the large IT 
companies are investing heavily in AI as well, and where does Happiest 
Minds believe that it has a sustainable competitive advantage against 
companies like TCS, Infosys, or Persistent who are also heavily investing 
in AI? Those are my two questions. 
Joseph Anantharaju: Sure. So if you look at AI productivity, I would say that most of our 
customers are using some form of productivity tool or the other, except 
if it's let's say an area like hardware, maybe to some extent embedded, 
or if the customer is in an industry or a space where the risk of using AI 
is high, right? Now the way we are able to monetize this or to get 
revenue out of this, it's still a mixed bag to be honest with you. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 28 
 
With many of our fixed price projects, we're able to include these tools 
into our estimation and what we'll end up doing is sharing some of the 
upside with our customers and holding back some. But we also have 
quite a few T&M projects, right? And over here, what's happening is for 
many of for these projects, as we mentioned last time, we've created a 
separate COE for AI in SDLC and this is around 40 people strong now, 
mid-to-senior people. 
And we've created a bunch of AI champions in this COE who go to the 
customer engagements and help in the adoption and the use of these 
tools while executing projects. And so, this acts as an additional 
revenue that we are getting in T&M projects, so that's what we are 
capturing. 
Now in terms of competition, I'll take a stab and I'll and I'll give it to 
Sridhar. I think the very fact that we created a Generative AI business 
unit has allowed us to build a lot of depth out here and if you look at 
AI, I would say that the classical AI ML way back in 2013-2014, we were 
one of the, I would say, companies on the forefront helping lot of retail, 
travel, and other customers, adopt these things for things like what are 
very commonplace now, personalization engine, recommendation 
engine, adaptive learning, and things like that. 
So, I believe that given our revenue, our depth is much more relatively 
speaking, because if you go to a TCS or a or a Infosys, probably in terms 
of numbers, they would have more AI engineers, they'd be able to give 
you more case studies, but I would say that relatively speaking, we 
would have more depth and more to talk about. 
I'll hand it over to Sridhar to talk about specific areas which he feels or 
aspects. 
Sridhar Mantha: 
Thanks, Joseph. Just to add a little bit more, right, before the ChatGPT 
or the whole world started embarking the AI journey, the biggest 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 28 
 
advantage we as Happiest Minds had was the digital foundation that 
was created and the specialization around digital. So, one way or the 
other, as you can very clearly see, the AI is the new tip of the iceberg 
and underwater is completely the digital set of technologies. That way, 
even three years back also, customers were looking at us for the digital 
transformation as the niche player at our size, right, in the in the 
marketplace. 
That's one of the reasons that is really helping and the same positioning 
is helping with our customers and the new customers we are acquiring. 
The second and last part is, of course, as part of our earlier tagline, it 
used to be the agile always and we still preserve it. So now with the 
way and the speed at which the AI technologies are changing, the 
agility as an organization for us to quickly change our investments, 
change our direction, I'm not saying it's 180 degrees, could be 5 
degrees, 10 degrees, etcetera, right? 
That agility as an organization also is really helping us to acquire more 
organizations with the needs of the customer. And of course, the best 
example Joseph provided was creating a business unit itself. 
Rajveer Singh: 
Sounds good. Just a follow-up, how much of our current hiring is AI-
specific right now? 
Sridhar Mantha: 
In terms of the hiring, how much is AI-specific is your question, right? 
Sure. So, we are actually looking at the combination of both of both 
categories because now with the pace at which technology is changing, 
it is really difficult for us to find anybody more than six months 
experienced or even one year experienced with the AI skills. 
So, we heavily created internally through our learning and talent 
management team complete in-house training process for the new 
hires that we have so that they become the AI native engineers, be it 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 28 
 
on the SDLC side or creating AI solutions. This is in addition to training 
our own workforce on the AI side. So, I'll put approx... 
Venkatraman N: 
Hi Vinesh, even I think I lost them. Sridhar? While Sridhar joins, Vinesh, 
Kuber, sorry, the point is we have got both replacement hire and fresh 
hiring. Fresh hiring is more accentuated towards people with AI skills 
and it's for the need, need of the project because if there is a project 
which requires a specific cloud skill, you need to hire for that, so you 
can't go and hire for ahead of time. So, it's all predicated between 
replacement, hiring for future, and hiring for the current projects which 
we have on hand. 
If you really if you really split our total hiring under these three buckets, 
what we are doing for the current projects, yes, is what is required, but 
with an accent on AI helps. For the future, we are obviously looking at 
people at the junior levels with AI skills, so that that something, so that 
they train to become more AI experienced engineers. And replacement 
is if you have lost a person who is doing cloud and security work, you 
have to have cloud and security work. Now if he comes with an AI as an 
additional experience layer, that's really good. 
Rajveer Singh: 
Makes sense. That's all from my side. Thank you so much for answering 
my questions. 
Venkatraman N: 
Thank you. 
Joseph Anantharaju: Thanks, Rajveer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Amit Chandra 
from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Chandra: 
Yes, sir, thanks for the opportunity. My question is on the on the Gen 
AI business unit. So obviously that has been scaling very strongly for us 
and it's around 5.5% to 6% of revenues. And if I see in this quarter, bulk 
of the incremental revenue is coming from this unit. So, if you can, like 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 28 
 
throw some like more light in terms of how things are progressing here 
in terms of the engagements that we are having in this segment is 
largely coming from the existing clients. 
And last year also mentioned that some of the engagements are here 
in the POC stages which can move and scale up. And also, in terms of 
what investments are we doing in this like business units, and maybe 
two years down the line, how you see the mix changing from say broad 
engineering to Gen AI side? So that's my first question, sir. 
Venkatraman N: 
Sure. So, I'll take it on while Sridhar joins in. See what's happened is 
GBS was the unit that we set up about a year and a half as part of the 
AI onslaught that we were having, right? Everybody was trying to get 
gear themselves up to meet the AI requirements and we had to call it 
out separately, so that we just like we had an identity in the during the 
digital onslaught, we have also now created an identity for the -- from 
an AI Generative AI standpoint. 
Customers appreciated it market appreciated it, investors appreciated 
it, and it obviously has helped us go deeper into our existing customers 
and new customers. Now any BU that's created has to be 10% has to 
have a to stand on its own feet should ideally be about 10%. So, the 
growth objective of that was also very clear. With all the mandate clear, 
they started going to new customers and also existing customers, 
started selling, as you rightly pointed out, we started with POCs which 
have then since slowly migrated to more sustaining larger size projects. 
But we are also seeing lot more demand coming in from existing 
projects, which is why the profitability, Aditi had asked earlier in the 
call that we are showing a decent level of profitability, that's because 
we are able to sell into our existing customers. When you sell into 
existing customers, sales effort is lesser, the turnaround time from 
prospect to potential to billing is short. So, all of that has helped us get 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 28 
 
us very quickly started on that BU. I just want to caution you, while I 
say all of this, AI within the company is not completely captured within 
the GBS bucket. It's there across the company. 
That's something that's been happening, and it would be unwise of us 
to say, no, if you do anything it has to be within GBS, otherwise it shall 
not be done. It's something which will stymie growth and development 
within the larger part of the organization. So, AI has taken over many 
parts of, just to take an example, security. Security, SecAIGenie is a 
platform that is used by us on our security delivery and it's now part of 
our security offerings. It has AI. 
Now this does not form part of GBS. Which is why we said that we have 
to look at our entire revenue stream, go by project, carve out not by 
technology but what is the impact or relevance of AI, carve it out and 
then give you this number which is called AI-led revenues of the total. 
So, if we are if we are INR625 crores this quarter, how many crores is 
led by AI? So that's the attempt that we have started, we have a plan 
that by end of September we will finish that exercise and give you in 
end of Q2. Yes, Joseph, Sridhar, I was answering while I guess you were 
disconnected. 
Sridhar Mantha: 
Sure, sure. I kind of missed parts of Venkat's update, but I heard the 
last part, that makes sense. Yes. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay, sir. And secondly on the investments that we have made, 
obviously we have done some investments in terms of the sales engine 
and for better client engagements, account mining and all. So just an 
update in terms of what kind of benefits you're seeing from there. 
Are we seeing more larger deal sizes or the pipeline getting more like 
better? And in terms of better engagement with the existing clients, so 
any update on that would be helpful, sir. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 27 of 28 
 
Joseph Anantharaju: Sure, sure. So let me take the NN sales engine first and then I'll get into 
the client engagement part. As I mentioned in response to another 
question, we've had large deals that we've closed. One of them -- we 
had the customer little earlier in the year, but the large engagement, a 
pretty large TCV, that started in April and that's what contributed to 
the growth that you see in the High-Tech vertical. And as we speak, 
we've just signed another customer which is a which will again run into 
three figures. 
So, we are we are getting large deals. Again, in the pipeline, we have 
several deals that are much larger, spanning across multiple years, and 
we're hoping that a couple of them would close during the quarter and 
help grow growth in the next couple of quarters. In terms of client 
engagement, if you see our repeat business, that's gone up from 92.4% 
to 94.5%, an indicator of how some of the investments we are making 
is helping with client retention. 
And we're also seeing in some of our existing customers opportunities 
that are much larger in size than what we typically get. We are, I would 
say, transforming our sales team because we initially had more of a 
hybrid BDMs and we're segregating them into NN BDMs and account 
managers. So, some changes and churn that's taking place out here, 
but I believe that our Hypo strategy that's coming together well, there 
are we're focusing on, we've decided to focus on six to ten accounts 
and give them a disproportionate attention with a goal of making them 
into $20 million kind of accounts. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay, okay, sir. Thanks, and all the best. 
Joseph Anantharaju: Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, with that we conclude the question-
and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Priyanka 
Sharma for her closing comments. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 28 of 28 
 
Priyanka Sharma: 
Thank you, Ryan. Thank you everyone for joining us today. We would 
also like to sincerely thank ICICI Securities for hosting this call on our 
behalf. We appreciate your continued engagement and support. 
Should you have any further queries, please feel free to reach out to 
the Investor Relations team at ir@happiestminds.com. Thank you once 
again and have a great day ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         Please note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
