 
 
Date: August 4, 2026 
 
To,  
BSE Limited  
Listing Dept. / Dept. of Corporate Services, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001.  
Security Code: 544176  
Security ID : AADHARHFC
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Listing Dept., Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. 
C/1, G. Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051  
 
Symbol: AADHARHFC 
 
 
Kind Attn.: Listing Corporate Relationship Department 
 
Sub:- Intimation under Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR Regulations”)-Transcript  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI LODR Regulations and with reference to our 
prior intimation filed in this regard please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on 
the financial performance of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, held on Friday,  
July 31, 2026. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company and can be accessed at: 
 
https://aadharhousing.com/investor-relations/financial-results 
 
The above is for your information, records and dissemination please. 
 
Thanking you. 
For Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
                                                        
 
Harshada Pathak  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
ACS: 19534 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
CC:- Debenture Trustees- 
1. Catalyst Trusteeship Limited 
2. Beacon Trusteeship Limited 
3. IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited  
 
 
 
 
 
HARSHADA 
SHASHANK 
PATHAK
Digitally signed by 
HARSHADA SHASHANK 
PATHAK 
Date: 2026.08.04 
16:31:45 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
 
“Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 31, 2026 
 
   
 
 
         
 
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RISHI ANAND – MANAGING DIRECTOR – AADHAR 
HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH VISWANATHAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – AADHAR HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJAY MOOLCHANDANI – HEAD-INVESTOR 
RELATIONS AND FINANCIAL PLANNING – AADHAR 
HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. DEO SHANKAR TRIPATHI – EXECUTIVE VICE 
CHAIRMAN – AADHAR HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SANKET CHHEDA – DAM CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Aadhar Housing Finance Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by DAM Capital. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Sanket Chheda from DAM Capital. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Sanket Chheda: 
Yes. Very good evening to all of you. We have with us management team of Aadhar to discuss 
the Q1 results. From the management side, we have Mr. Rishi Anand, MD; Mr. Rajesh 
Viswanathan, who is the CFO; and Mr. Sanjay Moolchandani, who is the Head of FPA and 
Investor Relations. We also have Deo Shankar Tripathi, who is Executive Vice Chairman.  
 
Without further ado, I'll hand the call over to Rishi sir for his opening remarks. We'll follow that 
up with question and answers. Over to you, sir. 
Rishi Anand: 
Thank you so much, Sanket, and a very good evening to all of you. Thank you for joining us 
today to discuss Aadhar Housing Finance performance for first quarter FY27. We start the new 
financial year on a steady note continuing, the momentum we had built through FY26. As you 
would recall, we had closed the last year, crossing a very important milestone of INR30,000 
crores in AUM. And in quarter 1 FY27 has been all about getting that execution rigor forward 
with disciplined growth, calibrated risk and continued investment in productivity across our 
branch network. 
 
Our AUM as of 30th June 2026, stood at INR31,364 crores, a growth of 18% Y-o-Y. For Q1 
FY27, our disbursement of INR2,036 crores is reported on check clearance basis. Disbursement 
on check handover stands at INR2,359 crores, which is on a like-to-like basis growth of 19% Y-
o-Y. Effective quarter 1, we have taken a step of transitioning our loan accounting to cheque 
clearance basis model of disbursement recognition, which is a forward-looking approach and a 
significant milestone in our commitment to governance, transparency and putting customer at 
the forefront. 
 
Just reiterating, if we were to compare disbursement on cheque handover basis, then the 
disbursement in quarter 1 FY27 is INR2,359 crores, which is a growth of 19% on a Y-o-Y basis. 
This transition needed not only systemic changes, but also an element of the entire operating 
model. We have taken this step. As we move ahead, we are firm and stick with our medium-
term guidance of 20% AUM growth, 20% profit growth, 17% to 18% disbursement growth for 
the full year. 
 
Next 3 quarters, we have targeted disbursement growth of upward of 20%. Our portfolio 
continues to remain fully secured and retail in nature with a balanced mix of home loans, which 
is at 73% and non-home loan at 27%. We continue to maintain well diversified book with an 
average ticket size of INR11 lakhs, 60% loan-to-value ratio, which remains within our comfort 
levels. The salaried segment continues to be 55% of our AUM. Balance transfer out during the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
quarter in question stood at 5%, which is one of the lowest BT out rates in the last 8 to 10 quarters 
and improved by 20 bps as compared to Q1 FY26. 
 
This was supported by a focused retention effort and data-driven customer engagement. On the 
operating environment, demand for low-income housing finance continues to remain healthy 
and structurally supported. 
It continues to be largely end user base and first-time homebuyer 
driven, particularly in the emerging markets, where we have deliberately built a strong franchise, 
which gives us comfort that this growth is not speculative in nature. Our approach, as always, 
has been to protect spreads rather than chase yields, which we are doing by tilting the mix 
towards emerging branches by staying disciplined on loan against property and by continuing to 
drive productivity per branch and per employee, so that operating leverage does the work that 
pricing cannot. 
 
Even after a 15 bps reduction in our RPLR effective February 2026, our spreads have held at 
5.8% as on June 26. On asset quality, our portfolio continues to perform well. Collection 
efficiency remains strong at 99%. Gross NPA stood at 1.31%, an improvement of 3 bps on Y-o-
Y basis. Stage 2 comes in at 3.3%, continuing to show an improvement of 40 bps on a Y-o-Y 
basis. As we have said before, the first line of defence for us is always the bounce rate and this 
has remained stable throughout the quarter. 
 
We remain watchful of two external factors that the broader industry has also flagged. The 
ongoing geopolitical uncertainty around the West Asia situation and its resulting impact on 
segments like fuel-dependent trade and travel and the monsoon outlook given it's bearing on the 
rural and semi-urban cash flows. 
 
Our exposure to NRI-linked customer segment continues to be minimal, and our underwriting 
teams are tracking lead indicators closely at the branch level, as we always do, rather than 
making any broad-based tightening. On distribution, as on June '26, our network stands at 628 
branches across 22 states and covering 550 plus districts, in line with our calibrated, need-based 
expansion approach. We continue to see most of our new branches, particularly in the smaller 
deep impact one, reach productivity level within our expected 9 to 15 months window, and that 
discipline remains central to how we think our cost to income is controlled. 
 
Our geographic diversification remains strong with no single state contributing 
disproportionately to our AUM. Our approach of combining branch expansion with productivity 
improvement of existing branches continue to support our sustainable growth. 
 
Let me briefly touch upon our AI initiatives. We are institutionalizing AI as Aadhar's operating 
backbone a 6-layer AI architecture embedded across origination, underwriting, surveillance, 
collection and retention with every engine tiered to track outcome like NPA, turnaround time, 
cost to income, retention and yield. Further, we are building 5 proprietary reusable platforms 
spanning across document intelligence, voice intelligence, decisioning intelligence and 
enterprise access layer and management intelligence that we believe compound into a genuine 
competitive advantage over a period of time. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
Overall, Q1 FY27 has been a quarter of steady disciplined execution. We remain confident of 
delivering our medium-term guidance of 20% AUM, sustained profitability and industry-leading 
asset quality while staying alert to the environment around us. Aadhar remains committed to its 
mission of enabling homeownership for low-income families while delivering consistent and 
sustainable returns for our stakeholders. 
 
With this, I would now hand over to Rajesh, our CFO, to take you through the financial 
performance in detail. Rajesh, over to you. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Thanks, Rishi. Good evening, everyone. I would like to take you all through the financial 
performance of Q1 FY27. In Q1 FY27, our AUM has grown by 18% on a Y-o-Y basis. Our 
overall borrowings as on 30th June '26, stood at INR20,000 crores compared to INR16,876 
crores a year before this. 
 
The growth of borrowings is 19%. The borrowings mix as at 30 June '26, is 49% from banks, 
NHB share is 24%, NCD share is 17%, ECB share is 7% and others is 3%. Our incremental 
borrowings for quarter 1 FY27 was INR2,238 crores, which came in at 7.3%. In Q1, fresh NHB 
borrowings were INR746 crores at 6.9%, which included AHF borrowing of INR149 crores at 
4.3%. 
 
The exit cost of funds as at 30th June 2026, stood at 7.7% versus 8% a year before. In terms of 
fixed and floating nature of our book, 78% of our borrowings and 73% of our assets are on a 
floating basis. Undrawn sanctions on 30th June 26 is INR991 crores. Liquidity as we ended 
quarter 1 FY27 stood at INR2,371 crores. Portfolio yield exit is 13.5% in quarter 1 FY27. Hence, 
the exit spread stood at 5.8% as at 30th June 2026. 
 
Our cost-to-income ratio for quarter 1 FY27 stood at 36.3%. Included in total expenses is INR14 
crores related to fresh ESOPs, which was granted in Jan '26. So, there's a P&L charge of about 
INR14 crores in quarter 1 FY27, which was not there in quarter 1 FY26. GNPA as at 30th June 
2026 is 1.31% as compared to 1.34% in Q1 FY26. As at 30th June '26, our Stage 3 provision 
coverage ratio stands at 34%. 
 
Capital adequacy ratio for Q1 FY27 stood at 42.9% for Tier 1 and 0.5% for Tier 2. Our Q1 FY27 
PAT stood at INR282 crores compared to INR237 crores in Q1 FY26, resulting in a growth of 
19%. Q1 '27 ROA and ROE is 4% and 14.7%, respectively. The number of employees as at 30 
June was 5,671 employees. 
 
With this, we open up for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Renish from ICICI. 
Renish: 
Sir, my first question is on asset yield, right? So, I just wanted to understand how we are 
managing asset yield so well. And then despite 15 bps PLR cut and intense competition, we have 
been able to sustain in some sequential basis. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
So, what are the things we are doing it differently, sort of which is helping us sustaining the 
yields during such a tough environment. I mean is it currently some changes in pricing policy or 
maybe AUM mix change, different customers segment or the different ticket size. 
 
So just wanted to understand from you, sir, how we are able to manage yields even in such tough 
environment. 
Rishi Anand: 
Thank you, Renish. And maybe on a lighter note, 1 correction that it was not a challenging 
quarter. I think the quarter was good, while we took a conscious call of looking at disbursement 
on clearance, I think it was a well-informed call. And I would say it was slightly delayed because 
of the systemic changes that we were wanting to do. So not a challenging quarter. Yes, the 
Middle East issue, etcetera, has been playing around. 
 
As an organization, we are  not overexposed.  rather, I would not say, substantially exposed to 
NRI loans because of the segment that we deal with. Second is you know the pockets which 
where there are certain challenges where NRI exposure is large, our exposure in those states are 
very low. 
 
If we follow that thumb rule of no state contributing on AUM, incremental disbursement and 
distribution greater than 15%, that we've been following for the last 5 to 7 years. and today on 
hindsight, if I look at the strategy that we had adopted about 5 years back, it is playing out very 
well. Then our second strategy on urban and emerging is helping us maintain the yields. And if 
you recall, a couple of quarters back, from the same call we had called out urban and emerging 
strategy and how this would eventually start balancing out our, not only the yields, but also the 
ticket size. 
 
And while in the market, we see the ticket size has substantially jumped for a lot of players, our 
ticket size still remains range bound, It has moved from INR10.4 lakhs to only INR11 lakhs 
because the emerging has started to play out. Similarly, even on yields, that was your question 
even on yields, while urban sees a little bit of more competition, the emerging locations help us 
manage the yields. So, far  I think that strategy of our distribution being large enough, we being 
in Tier 3, Tier 4 locations substantially, and the urban emerging is playing out for us. 
Renish: 
Okay. Or is this something to do with, let us say, the high-yielding state contribution increasing 
versus, let us say, the mature market contribution remaining static. 
Rishi Anand: 
No, I would not say that because our contribution from all the major states have been stable 
state. In fact, if you look at this particular quarter, and  I'll give you an example, our contribution 
from Delhi has increased slightly, which is a state which gives us lower yield. In spite of that, 
we've been able to maintain the yield. So, there is no substantial change in the contribution from 
any particular states, Renish. 
Renish: 
Okay. Great, sir. Sir, my second question is more on the strategy front for medium term. So 
obviously, we keep on hearing from various industry participants about increasing competition 
in this space and it's kind of corresponding impact on the yields. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
Sir, what is your assessment? I mean, if one is to assume that given the strong historical 
performance of the space, it will keep on attracting many new entrants, which might be leading 
to aggressive loan pricing. So from Aadhar perspective, how are we positioned to sustain this 
20% growth in medium term? And more importantly, within our spread guidance range of 5.5%. 
Rishi Anand: 
So Renish, even as we speak today, June quarter, we've ended the  book spread about 5.8%. We 
have always guided the market that at any given point in time, we will be a company which will 
be as a company with a spread of 5.5% upward. And that is where, again, I will come back to 
my urban emerging strategy. 
 
Today, out of the 628 branches, approximately 450 branches plus happen to be in the emerging 
locations. Emerging gives me substantially high yields compared to urban locations. And you 
talk about new entrants coming then we will have to start looking at which segment they're 
coming. They are primarily, as s we read the industry, they're coming in the affordable segment, 
we are 1 notch below in the low-income segment. 
 
Will there be an overlap between what others do and what we do? Yes, there will be definitely 
a 5%, 6%, 7% overlap. But if our emerging strategy plays out well, which we are seeing early 
green shoots, it is playing out very well. we are really confident that we will always be a company 
upward of 5.5%. And that we've maintained over a period of time. 
Renish: 
Okay. Got it, sir. And just last thing on the disbursement side. Sir, what is the July disbursement 
number? I mean, I just wanted to get a sense, despite this recognition policy change. How are 
you placed to compensate or maybe the offset impact which we have to take in Q1? 
Rishi Anand: 
So, Renish, as I told you, as I told on opening statement that we have given it were a like-to-like 
disbursement, which we hand over to  cheque  hand over, our growth is 19%. But since we 
moved to cheque realization, obviously, the growth numbers are slightly lower. 
 
By strategy, the numbers that I have not done cheque  realization moves to quarter 2. So quarter 
2 numbers should be there and  no reason why I should have a disbelief around it, should be 
close to 25% or upward of 23%, 24%. And as I look at July, we are already at the last day of , 
July, and we should be hitting a number very close to INR900 crores. 
Renish: 
Okay. So I think Q2 itself, you will compensate the loss which we saw in Q1. 
Rishi Anand: 
I will not say the entire -- I will not term it as usual loss. But the entire business that is getting 
carry forward, it generally happens over a couple of quarters. But yes, it will substantially -- 
quarter 2 will substantially cover up for the short fall of quarter 1. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. 
Kunal Shah: 
So firstly, with respect to this cheque  realization, the impact was only on disbursements or even 
on the interest income, there was a circular which was issued. So, was there any impact in terms 
of the interest income recognition as well in any of the line items in this particular quarter? Any 
which ways like yields are quite flat, so it doesn't appear to be there, but I just wanted to clarify 
that, yes. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Not major, Kunal. I think we will also start recognizing interest only when the cheque gets 
cleared. So, to that extent, there will be a 2- 3 day impact, it will not be material. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. So hardly 2, 3 days kind of an impact in the interest income. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Correct. Correct. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. And secondly, in terms of the employee cost, so not looking at year-on-year, but 
sequentially, if I look at it, so ESOP cost was there last time as well and it continues this quarter. 
What could have been the reason for the sequential increase? Because last time also, the overall 
employee cost was higher because of the incentives -- volume-linked incentives which would 
have been paid. So, we have not seen any improvement on the employee cost front. 
 
So besides that, what has led to the higher employee cost. And secondly, on the overhead, it 
appears maybe it's managed very well. It's hardly up like 5-odd percent year-on-year and also 
down like more than 25% quarter-on-quarter. So was it like more like a structural one? Or again, 
it has a one-off and maybe the employee cost getting offset by the overhead cost. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
So basically, on operating cost, typically in the fourth quarter, you'll have some contests and 
competition expenses, etcetera, would get built in over there. So that is more a quarter 4 sort of 
an event that will not apply typically in quarter 1. 
 
Having said that, if we manage to do anything like 10%, 11% growth in the full year on 
nonemployee cost, I think we would have done a very good job. In terms of increase between 
sequential quarter on employee cost, that is mainly because of the annual increment, which is 
typically in the range of approximately 10% to 12%, which would have come in the quarter 1 of 
the current year. Otherwise, then there is no chunky item, which is basically sitting in the Q1 
FY27 cost. 
 
And Q1 FY27 versus Q1 FY26, a reason for the 27% increase in a Y-o-Y basis is predominantly 
because INR14 crores to INR15 crores of quarterly ESOP cost is there, which is not there in the 
last year. If you adjust for that, I think the growth would be approximately 14%, 15% even on 
employee cost, which more or less is about 11% increment which you would have given out. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sure. And in terms of this rise in GS2, GS3 would we still say it's more of a seasonal and we 
will be able to pull it back through the fiscal because any which has indicated the bounce rates 
have been stable. So was like collection efficiency strong enough and we will be able to pull it 
back and even like 40 basis points of credit cost will eventually come down and the full year 
credit cost would settle much lower. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Yes. I think if you look at it historically, Kunal, for all of you who track us, if you look at it, say, 
this is more of a seasonal quarter. And for the last 2, 3 years, this has been a phenomenon that 
the first quarter credit cost remains between 40 to 45 bps. 
 
And as we end the year, the credit cost comes in and settle down at about 23 bps to 24 bps. I 
think we are fairly confident before we look at last year, 1.34% was headline NPA, and we ended 
the year at 1.08% to 1.1%. I think we are quite confident of holding the 1.1% level as we end 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
the year. And I think that would be in the credit cost will be again settle down anywhere between 
23 bps to 25 bps. 
Kunal Shah: 
The reason I asked was a couple of players, they have shown very limited increase. They have 
been able to manage it quite well despite seasonality. So that's the reason for the question. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
No, I think  yes, I mean in our case, we normally see quarter 1 because of seasonality going up 
anywhere between 30 bps to 35 bps. In our case, now it has gone up by 25 bps. So -- and 22 bps 
other. And we are quite confident of pulling it back to 1.1% level as we end the fiscal and with 
the credit cost charge to about 23 bps to 25 bps on the P&L. 
Rishi Anand: 
Yes, I was just adding, Kunal, what gives us more confidence is that on a Y-o-Y basis, a 3 bps 
reduction in NPA and 40 bps on Stage 2, that gives us more comfort on how we are going to be 
ending the year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreya from Nomura. 
Shreya: 
My question is on your liquidity that you mentioned of INR2,371 crores. So in terms of how 
many months' worth of liquidity you're holding, what would that be? What was it in June? Where 
did you keep it in March? Is there a pile of liquidity that you did? And any color on how you 
think the cost of fund would move through the remaining 3 quarters? That's my only question. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Very important point on liquidity is that if you take the liquidity and you compare it to our 
overall borrowings, our overall borrowings was INR20,000 crores. So if you look at INR2,371 
crores over INR20,000 crores, the percentage will be higher than 10%. But throughout the 
quarter, we try to keep a liquidity of anywhere between 7% to 8%. This typically goes up towards 
the end of the quarter because there are drawdowns at the end of the quarter. So to that extent, 
you will see a higher liquidity, which happens at the end of the quarter. But throughout the 
quarter, we try to maintain 7% to 8% of borrowings as a liquidity buffer. 
 
coming back to the cost of funds. First quarter has been where we have seen very limited 
movement in cost of funds. But if you look at the way the market public information is there, 
there's a general view that the interest rates may go up. We have not seen it happening until the 
month of July, for example, for us. But having said that, one good thing that we have in our 
company is that 75% of our assets can be repriced. 
 
So typically, if we have any pain on our existing borrowings getting repriced by banks, on the 
floating rate book, we will also, as per our RPLR model and after taking necessary approvals of 
our ALCO and Board be able to pass on to our customers if they need be. 
 
And we believe that at least  we don't see that happening definitely in a quarter or maybe 2 
quarters. And that is the way we are reading it currently, but things may change. But as we read 
it currently, we don't see any imminent impacts happening in the current quarter and probably 
even the next quarter. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Shreya: 
Right. And sir, what would be your view on, say, if these interest rate cost of fund rates remain 
very volatile, you would want to keep your customers protected and not pass on volatility, what 
would be your view on this? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Yes. See, typically, what would happen in a volatile scenario, what will happen is a bank will 
also not adjust the MCLR, so proactively. For example, they will all want to wait it out to see 
whether it is a permanent impact or a temporary effect. If they feel there's some sort of 
permanency to the impact, then they will obviously impact the MCLR of that. Incremental cost 
of funds do keep changing, especially in the capital markets, and that's where we are very 
specific. Wherever the interest rate, there is an opportunity we go raise funds in the capital 
markets. Otherwise, we step away from capital markets. 
 
So having said that, as I said, volatility, we do not generally pass it on to customers. We also 
wait for it to be permanent and it should hit our balance sheet. Once the higher interest rates hits 
our numbers, then only we will pass it on to the customers because we have a very robust RPLR 
model and it has to pass the test of the RPLR model before we can start passing on to customers. 
Any 1-month or 2-month impacts, which we see in the model, we generally do not pass it on to 
the customer. We wait it out and then only pass it on to customers. 
Shreya: 
Got it. Sir, 1 follow-up question. What you shared about the -- your strategy of expanding into 
the emerging markets, but say, in more the markets away from the Tier 2 markets, is there any 
demand side challenges that you're facing in those segments? I'm not talking about competition. 
But is there any demand challenges in Tier 1, 2 cities that you might be facing in terms of lower 
number of files coming to the branches, etcetera. 
Rishi Anand: 
You're talking about Tier 1, Tier 2 cities? Or are you talking about the emerging locations? 
Shreya: 
Non-emerging portfolio. Tier 1, 2. 
Rishi Anand: 
Urban locations are growing at a larger speed. And that's what I said, we'll have to do the 
balancing with emerging also start to grow at a larger speed. So the urban demand is slightly 
more than what we had expected at least in the last 2 quarters that have passed by. 
Shreya: 
Okay. So there's no demand side issues that you are... 
Rishi Anand: 
No, not at all. Not that we are seeing any. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nidhesh from Investec. 
Nidhesh: 
Sir, my first question is on the disbursement evaluation I think in Q1 FY25, also we have made 
some changes with respect to the disbursement evaluation. There was a RBI circular at this point 
in time. So can you help us  to understand what were the difference at that time and what is the 
difference this time, which impacted our disbursement. 
Rishi Anand: 
Yes, Nidhesh. , you're referring to the RBI circular, which we had implemented in quarter 1 of 
financial year 24-25.  I can take a minute here to explain. The process is sanctioned, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
disbursement, cheque handover and realization. These are the 4 major steps in the journey of 
how disbursements -- how the process happens. 
 
Earlier, we used to recognize disbursements as disbursements. The moment it would get 
disbursed in the system, we would start recognizing the interest. From there, with respect to the 
RBI circular, we moved to something called cheque handover, cheque being handed over to the 
consumer. That actually happened in quarter 1 of FY25. 
 
And now from the cheque handover to realization, we realized that there is a gap of anywhere 
between 5 to 7 days. And we have eliminated this gap of 5 to 7 days and moved to real-time 
realization. So when the cheque get realizes to either the seller account or the customer account, 
as the case may be, from there on, we start recognizing the interest. So that is the change that 
has happened this quarter. 
Nidhesh: 
Got it. And the second question is, how do you think opex to AUM trending, let's say, over the 
next 2 to 3 years for us? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
I think from expenses cost to income, we believe that we still have the ability to drop cost to 
income by approximately 30 bps to 40 bps on a yearly basis. On a cost to AUM basis, I think 
that will work out to about 6 bps to 7 bps every year. 
 
And if some of the AI projects that we are taking up, which Rishi explained, if that starts pushing 
in and improves productivity and overall cost benefits, probably we would see some more cost 
benefits in terms of cost to assets. 
 
But as of now, we are holding in a cost to AUM range of about 6 bps to 7 bps on a yearly basis 
and cost-to-income of around 30 to 40 bps. Because if you look at it over the last 2 years, we 
would have dropped about 150 bps on cost to income. 
 
And when I said cost to income over here, I'm including the ESOP cost, which is -- which would 
be approximately INR15 crores a quarter when I'm doing a cost-to-income calculation. If you 
exclude that, I think our cost-to-income ratio would be in the range of about 33% to 34%. 
Nidhesh: 
Sure. And last question, sir, just 2 data keeping questions. One is if you can share us 1 plus DPD 
as of end of June '26. And what is the BT out rate for quarter 1? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
1 plus DPD is 7%. And in terms of BT out, it is 5%, which is an improvement of approximately 
20 bps over the same period last year. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sonal Gandhi from Asian Markets Securities. 
Sonal Gandhi: 
Sir, my first question was on the NHB drawdown. So, what you've done about INR740 crores, 
INR750 crores of drawdown and probably at a lower rate. So, if we exclude that, what would 
the cost of fund for the quarter? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
I think the overall blended cost is INR750 crores at approximately 6.9%. Included in that is AHF 
of INR140 crores at 4.3%. So, I think the remaining INR500 crores or INR600 crores would 
have come in at... 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Sonal Gandhi: 
Excluding NHB borrowings. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Excluding NHB borrowings? I think excluding NHB borrowings, I think it will be in the range 
of about 7.4% to 7.5%. 
Sonal Gandhi: 
Okay. So, I think last quarter, this was 7.3% or 7. -- I'm not sure you just help me with the last 
quarter number. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Last quarter number, I wouldn't have it exactly now. I'll try to pull it during the call and give it. 
Sonal Gandhi: 
My second question was incremental yields, I think that -- those have gone up. So, I know you've 
taken a PLR rate cut. But I mean, anything that is helping you  emerging I understand that 
anything apart from that? And how do we see incremental yields moving from here? 
Rishi Anand: 
So incremental yields, as you would have seen, have remained flat. And I don't see any reason 
why the incremental yield should drop at any stage. And again, I will come back to the same 
point that if we are able to calibrate our urban emerging strategy in the medium term properly, 
which I don't see reason why it should not, then I don't see any movement -- negative movement 
on the incremental yield, which means my spreads, which we have always maintained upward 
of 5.5% will be maintained and secured. 
 
For example -- Sonal, sorry, illustratively, urban today gives you yields of anywhere between 
11.5% to 12%, whereas emerging gives me an yield of anywhere between 14% to 14.8%. So, if 
this calibration of -- even if in the medium term, I reach 50-50, 50% of business coming from 
urban and 50% from emerging, I'm able to control incremental yields. 
Sonal Gandhi: 
Got it, sir. The second one is on disbursements. So if I look at disbursements in other mortgages, 
I think that is almost 22% versus home loans still grown. So is there anything that is impacting 
this growth apart from the recognition of disbursement? 
Rishi Anand: 
No, Sonal. Non-home loans, a slight reduction in the quarter -- in the last 2 quarters, I would 
say, was a part of the design, given the situation around West Asia crisis and by philosophy, 
non-housing loans being slightly more riskier. I would say it was a conscious decision that we 
had taken. 
 
There is no specific reason why it should not get back in the coming quarters once the West Asia 
issue is resolved. 
Sonal Gandhi: 
Got it. So do we expect that the growth will accelerate in non-home loans probably 2H? 
Rishi Anand: 
I will not say that it could accelerate, but we will get back to normalcy, incrementally doing a 
70-30 kind of incremental disbursement on home versus non-homes. 
 
Currently, it stands at about 76-24. And historically, we've been doing 70-30. This differential 
is on account of certain restriction in certain markets that we have internally adopted. 
Sonal Gandhi: 
So, this should start normalizing from 2Q or this would be a little later -- the in FY27? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Rishi Anand: 
See, ideally, if you ask my view, I should ideally wait for the current quarter to see how the crisis 
is going to stabilize. But from a quarter 3 perspective, it should be back to normalcy. 
Sonal Gandhi: 
Okay. Sir, the other question was when I look at AUM per branch. Sir, Madhya Pradesh, there 
seems to be a 3% Y-o-Y decline. And Telangana is also growing at 5%, 6%. I think the other 
states are doing pretty well, including Maharashtra. 
 
So, any challenges that you're seeing in these 2 states, Madhya Pradesh and Telangana? And is 
it something which is specific or is it something to do with the industry? 
Rishi Anand: 
One is, unfortunately, readily, I don't have the data, but I don't see any issue because if there was 
a larger issue, it would have got highlighted. But I don't see any issue on decline on AUM per 
branch. 
 
It might  there will be certain branches where we put restrictions, certain states where we put 
restrictions in terms of which were more export oriented. There you might see a slight decline, 
and this would be on account of those branches contributing at the overall level. 
Sonal Gandhi: 
Got it, sir. And sir, for medium-term, maintain the -- I mean, I believe 2Q is going to be pretty 
good. So, for FY27, should we expect similar sort of AUM growth, 20% and PAT 20%? 
Rishi Anand: 
Yes. As I indicated in my opening statement, for the current financial year, a 20% growth on 
AUM, a 20% growth on PAT and a 17%, 18% on disbursement is what we will stand by. In the 
coming quarters, from an incremental disbursement perspective, the next 3 quarters will be a 
disbursement upward of or close to about 20%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akhil from Hornbill Capital. 
Akhil: 
If I look at your branches in the last 2 quarters, in the last quarter, we opened only 5 branches. 
And in this quarter, we've opened only 2 branches. So firstly, why is that? And secondly, are we 
still on track for our 40, 50 per year branch opening guidance? 
Rishi Anand: 
Akhil, yes, we are completely on track. There were 2 reasons. See, quarter 4, generally, we avoid 
opening any new branches because it disturbs the applecart completely. Generally, we do it 
between quarter 2 and quarter 3 because then we give them time to stabilize. 
 
Having said that, we kind of, I would say, not waited out, but we could have opened 5 to 7 
branches in quarter 1. We restricted to 2. And as we look at the current quarter and the upcoming 
quarter, which is quarter 3, we stand by our numbers of 45 to 50 branches. 
Akhil: 
Okay. So, we will make it for the loss that happened in the first quarter? 
Rishi Anand: 
There was no loss. We could have opened 5 branches. There are -- when you open branches, 
there are a lot of nitty-gritty, agreement signing, identification. So towards the end of the month, 
the month that we are sitting on right -- towards the end of June, we got a couple of proposals, 
which got moved to July. So that's about it. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Akhil: 
Got it. And if I take your number of INR2,360 crores of disbursement this quarter, your 
repayment rate seems to be jumping to around 21%. So i did we see higher prepayments this 
quarter? What happened? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
No, when you take the INR2,360 crores of disbursement, you should add the INR350 crores to 
AUM also. And once you do that, our overall repayment rate, if you look at it, it will be about 
16.5%. 
Akhil: 
Got it. Got it. And just lastly, the accounting change that we have done this quarter, is this an 
industry practice? Or are we the first one to do it in the industry? 
Rishi Anand: 
No, One is there is no change in the accounting. It is about from when do we start recognizing 
the interest. So we have moved from cheque handover and disbursement, the old terminologies 
to realization. I think everybody -- most of the companies, as we know today, have already 
moved or are in the process of moving to check realization. I think in the true spirit of RBI 
circular, this was warranted. 
 
And we took a little more time because of systemic changes that we need to be done. But as I 
understand, and to answer your question, most of the companies have already moved to cheque 
realization. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan Gupta from CAVI Capital  
Karan Gupta: 
Just one quick question on the capital structure. I know this has come before, but just wanted to 
get management's current thoughts on this level of capital adequacy that we are maintaining. 
And are there any thoughts of returning some capital back to shareholders since it's dragging 
down our ROE significantly? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
I think there's no current plan of handing it back to shareholders as of now. We believe we will 
require capital for growth, and that was the intention of raising INR1,000 crores of primary in 
IPO so that at least for the next 3, 4 years, we are secured for our growth plans. 
 
So as of now, there is no reason to -- or there's no thoughts of returning it back to shareholders, 
40% to 43% capital adequacy, if you see most of the peer sets, I think most of the peer group of 
companies who are doing affordable finance is sitting on similar levels because one element 
which we have to understand over here is the overall risk weight of the balance sheet. 
 
The overall risk weight of the balance sheet comes at about 45%, and that is one which helps us. 
So in case, in future, not that anything is on the anvil, in case in future, there is any changes in 
the risk weights, this can impact our capital adequacy. 
 
Further, what we also do from a pure risk management practice, we also set aside capital for 
operation risk. So, we set -- we have internally calculated about 6% to 7% of capital that we set 
aside for operating risk as per best practice ICAAP methodology. So that is -- so these buffers 
are anyhow welcome. But yes, as of now, no plans of returning back capital. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Karan Gupta: 
Okay. So, in that case, where do you expect the ROEs to be maybe 2 years down the line? Like 
what is the spread that you expect to be increasing the ROE sequentially? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Yes. So, if you look at spreads, basically, as Rishi has suggested, we believe that over a 2-, 3-
year period, we would be ending in the range of about 5.5%. There's no appetite to go below 
that. And in terms of ROAs, if you look at our annual ROAs, it typically comes in at anywhere 
between 4.3% and 4.4%. And we believe that, that is a good steady state ROA to look at 4.3% 
is a good stable set ROE to look at. 
 
And going by that,  I think ROEs, if you look at the full year ROE of a couple of years down the 
line, we would be hitting around 17% ROE, which I think is the plan that we are working on. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parth from DAM Capital. 
Parth: 
Sir, just one thing I wanted to understand is how come our BT rates have been so controlled at 
5% and has been improving past quite some time. I mean what are the initiatives or the policies 
which you have implemented. Some color on that would be helpful. 
Rishi Anand: 
So, thank you, Parth. Yes, you're right. if I look at quarter 1 FY27 to FY26 comparison, we 
would have improved our BT out rate by about 20 Bps. We've closed the quarter at about 5%. I 
would say there is nothing for I can't single out one thing that would have impacted our retention 
efforts. 
 
I think it's a combination of a lot of things, right, from our customer service teams at various 
critical branches to our central retention team of about 20 member teams. So, every consumer 
who is desirous of moving out to a different company has to go through the retention team. The 
retention team is completely equipped with a lot of data analytics inputs in terms of segregating 
the customers into red amber green, where are the customers who can drop off, why is the 
consumer going, Is it only because of rates, etc. 
 
So, there are multiple factors that play around. These teams have been completely supported by 
giving them delegation on what are the yields they can drop for a consumer who is -- and that 
also depends on the MOB spent with us, the bounce rates, etc etc. So, I would say the multiple 
things that have gone. 
 
And it has taken us a while, not that suddenly we've reached 5%. These efforts started or the 
initiative started about 2 years back, and it's taken a lot of efforts for us to reach the 5% mark. 
So yes, all the benefit was to the teams who are doing it. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand over the conference to 
management for closing comments. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Thanks for all of you all for joining in at this late evening on a Friday. Thanks to Sanket and the 
DAM Capital team for hosting the call. As we end the quarter, we are reassuring on our near-
term guidance of AUM growth of 20%, next 3 quarter disbursement growth in excess of 20% 
and profit growth of 20%. And I'm sure that as the year pan out and as we have more discussions, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
July 31, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
we will be able to deliver that. Thanks a lot and look forward to the quarter 2 call. Thank you 
very much, and have a good night. 
Rishi Anand: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DAM Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you 
