 
 
Page 0 of 17 
 
 
                                                                                                  
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 500350 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block - G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Scrip Code: RSWM 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 
 
Subject: Transcript of Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call held on Wednesday, 
August 5, 2026. 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Please refer to our Earnings Conference Call, scheduled for Wednesday, August 5, 2026, at 5:30 PM 
(IST), as intimated in our letter dated July 29, 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call transcript. The transcript is also 
uploaded on the company's website: www.rswm.in. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thank you. 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For RSWM LIMITED 
 
 
 
SURENDER GUPTA 
CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER & COMPANY SECRETARY 
FCS-2615 
 
rswm.investor@lnjbhilwara.com 
 
 
 
 
 
(Formerly Rajasthan Spinning & Weaving Mills Limited) 
Corporate Office: 
Bhilwara Towers, A-12, Sector-1,  
Noida - 201301, NCR-Delhi, India 
Tel: +91-120-4390300 (EPABX) 
Fax: +91-120-4277841 
W: www.rswm.in 
GSTIN: 09AAACR9700M1Z1 
Registered Office: 
Kharigram, Post Office Gulabpura - 311021, 
Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan, India 
Tel: +91-1483-223144 to 223150, 223478 
Fax: +91-1483-223361,223479 
W: www.lnjbhilwara.com 
GSTIN: 08AAACR9700M1Z3 
SURENDER 
KUMAR GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
SURENDER KUMAR GUPTA 
Date: 2026.08.11 12:21:47 
+05'30'

1 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RSWM Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Wednesday, August 05, 2026 
 
 
Management Team 
 Mr. Rajeev Gupta, JMD  
 Mr. Manoj Bansal, CTO & CRO 
 Mr. Nitin Tulyani, President & CFO  
 Mr. Surender Gupta, Chief Compliance Officer & CS 
 Mr. Rakesh Jain, Senior General Manager - Corporate 
Finance 
 
 
 
 
 

2 | P a g e 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to the RSWM Limited Q1 
FY27 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Rik Capital. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Ms. Richa Singh. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Richa Singh: 
Thank you, Reyo. Good evening and welcome everyone to RSWM Limited Q1 
FY27 Earnings Conference call. 
Today from the management, we have Mr. Rajeev Gupta – Joint Managing 
Director, Mr. Manoj Bansal – Chief Transformation and Chief Risk Officer, Mr. 
Nitin Tulyani – President and CFO, Mr. Surendra Gupta – Chief Compliance 
Officer and Company Secretary, Mr. Rakesh Jain – Senior General Manager 
(Corporate Finance). 
Before we proceed with this call today, I would like to take this opportunity 
to remind everyone about the disclaimer related to this conference call. 
Today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature based on management 
current beliefs and expectations. It must be viewed in conjunction with the 
risk that our business faces that could cause or differ from future results and 
performance, which is expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Rajeev Gupta for the industry outlook 
following that Mr. Nitin Tulyani will take over the financial overview. Thank 
you and over to you, Sir. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. So, it is my pleasure to welcome you 
all to the RSWM Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. 
Let me take you through the industry outlook and the business environment 
for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
Our Financial Results, Investor Presentation and Press Releases for the 
quarter have already been uploaded in the Stock Exchange. I hope you got 
an opportunity to have a look on these. 

3 | P a g e 
 
The global textile industry continues to operate in a gradually improving yet 
uncertain environment with the demand across the pre-international markets 
showing sign of stabilization as the inventory correction has already largely 
moderated. Discretionary consumer spending in the several developed 
economies remains subdued resulting in a gradual rather than broad-based 
recovery in textile apparel demand. At the same time, sourcing strategy of 
global brands continues to evolve with increasing efficiencies on supply chain 
resilience, sustainability and value-based products. 
However, on micro level, operating environment during Q1 was influenced 
by mixed demand trends across geographies with increasing domestic 
demand while export markets continue to witness a major recovery with the 
select customers of ordering patterns. Demand from certain export markets, 
including parts of Middle East, remains subdued during the quarter. Global 
brands increasingly focus on reliable suppliers capable of delivering quality, 
sustainability and product innovation, reinforcing India's position as a 
preferred sourcing destination. 
The quarter also witnessed India governments encouraging policy 
developments 
including 
continued 
progress 
on 
international 
trade 
agreements and initiatives aimed at improving round table availability. At the 
same time, geopolitical developments including the West Asia conflict 
contributed to supply chain disruptions and volatilities in energy costs as 
well. Elevated crude oil prices have influenced input costs for synthetic yarn 
particularly. 
In addition, the evolving global trade landscape including the recent US tariff 
developments may lead to shifts in global sourcing patterns, creating 
selective opportunities for competitive Indian textile manufacturers over the 
medium term. Overall volatility in raw material prices, geopolitical 
uncertainties and evolving global trade dynamics continue to require prudent 
planning and operational agility. Now, sharing the outlook that we feel, for 
the Indian textile industry, the long-term outlook remains encouraging 
despite the near-term volatility supported by a strong manufacturing 
ecosystem, vertically integrated value chain, skilled workforce and improving 
policy support. 
Structured developments including recently concluded India-UK free trade 
agreement, ongoing discussions on India-EU free trade agreement and 
increasing diversification of global sourcing from concentrated manufacturing 
hubs are expected to create meaningful opportunities for Indian textile 
exporters over the medium to long term, particularly for the value-added and 
forward-integrated products. Improved cotton availability and softer cotton 

4 | P a g e 
 
prices, supported by a favorable policy environment and a better crop outlook 
are also expected to benefit our cotton value chain. 
Our strategic priorities of RSWM remains unchanged, strengthening the 
product portfolio, improving operational excellence, expanding our presence 
in value-added segments and maintaining disciplined cost management 
under RSWM 2.0 initiative. At RSWM, we remain focused on factors within 
our control by increasing the share of value-added products, improving 
manufacturing efficiencies and strengthening customer relationships across 
domestic and international markets. We continue to leverage our diversified 
product portfolio and integrated manufacturing capabilities to respond 
effectively to changing customer requirements while maintaining discipline 
on cost and capital allocation. Further, as India-UK free trade agreement 
opens new opportunities for the Indian textile sector, we are actively 
exploring forward integration activities to maximize our potential arising from 
this FTA. 
This aligns our long-term strategy of increasing value addition, strengthening 
customer relationships and expanding our presence in the high-value textile 
manufacturing products. As we all have been discussing, sustainability 
remains to be an integral part for RSWM in our long-term strategy through 
increasing use of renewable energy, resource efficacy and circular economy 
initiatives. We continue to make steady progress on LNJ Greenpet's bottle-
to-bottle recycling project, an important strategic initiative to expand our 
presence in sustainable polyester solutions and strengthening our ESG 
positioning. 
Innovation also remains a key differentiator as we steadily expand our 
portfolio of specialized yarns, functional fabrics and sustainable textile 
solutions. Our diversified manufacturing base allows us to clear the multiple 
end-use industries, reducing dependence on a single product category or 
market. We also remain committed to disciplined capital deployment, 
directing 
investment 
towards 
projects 
that 
enhance 
productivity, 
modernizing manufacturing facilities and deliver measurable returns within a 
reasonable framework of time. 
Looking ahead, the structural strength of Indian textile industry combined 
with RSWM's integrated business model, strong customer relationships and 
execution capabilities provide a solid platform for sustainable growth. We 
remain confident that our focus on value addition, operational excellence, 
sustainability, innovation and prudent capital allocation will continue to 
strengthen our competitiveness and create long-term value for all the 
stakeholders. 

5 | P a g e 
 
Now I would hand over the microphone to our CFO – Nitin Tulyani to take 
over through financial performance for the quarter ending 30th June 2026. 
Nitin Tulyani: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us today. I 
will now take you through the financial and operational performance of RSWM 
for the quarter ending June 30th, 2026. 
Starting with the business environment, the 1st Quarter of FY27 reflected 
steady progress in operational performance despite a mixed business 
environment across domestic and export markets. Demand within India 
remained healthy across several customer segments supported by stable 
consumption and improved order execution. Export demand, while relatively 
softer on a sequential basis remained in line with expectations as 
international customers followed a calibrated procurement approach amid 
evolving global economic conditions. 
Our emphasis on product mix optimization, discipline procurement and 
manufacturing efficiency enabled another quarter of improvement in 
operating profitability supporting higher gross margins and a stronger 
EBITDA performance. 
Moving to the financial performance for Q1 FY27, Revenue from operations 
stood at ₹1,161 crores compared to ₹1,142 crores in Q4 FY26 registering a 
sequential growth of 1.7%. Domestic business sales increased to 825 crores 
from 774 crores in Q4 FY26, reflecting healthy demand across key customer 
segments. Export revenue stood at ₹336 crores lower than the immediately 
preceding quarter through the business maintained diversified customer base 
across multiple international markets. 
Gross profit increased to ₹466 crores compared to ₹434 crores in the 
preceding quarter with gross profit margins expanding to 39.8% from 37.4% 
supported by favorable product realization, better inventory management 
and efficient raw material utilization. EBITDA for the quarter stood at ₹94 
crores, registering sequential growth of 10.1% and a year-on-year increase 
of 16.1%. EBITDA margin improved to 8% compared with 7.4% in Q4 FY26 
and 6.9% in Q1 FY26. The expansion in gross margins provided sufficient 
cushion to absorb higher operating expenses while delivering a healthy 
improvement in EBITDA. 
Moving to the operating level, Finance costs for the quarter stood at ₹31 
crores compared with ₹30 crores in the preceding quarter, primarily 
attributable to the increase in working capital requirements. Profit before tax 
increased to ₹24 crores representing a QoQ growth of 33.5% and a YoY 

6 | P a g e 
 
increase of 153.7%. PBT margin improved to 2.1% compared with 1.6% in 
Q4 FY26 and 0.8% in the corresponding quarters last year. Profit after tax 
for Q1 stood at ₹17 crores compared with ₹7 crores in Q1 FY26. 
While PAT was lower than the immediately preceding quarter, Q4 FY26 had 
included a significant one-time tax benefit arising from the company's 
decision to adopt concessional corporate tax regime under the Income Tax 
Act 2025. Excluding this non-recurring benefit, the underlying earnings 
trajectory still remained healthy. Our priorities for the remainder of the 
financial year are as under. 
Our capital allocation philosophy continues to remain disciplined and value-
oriented, prioritizing investment that enhances manufacturing efficiency, 
improves product capabilities and generates sustainable returns over the 
medium term. We remain committed to strengthening our portfolio of 
differentiated and sustainable products supported by changing customer 
preferences and demand for environmentally responsible manufacturing. 
India's position as a preferred global sourcing destination continues to 
strengthen supported by integrated textile value chain, improving policy 
environment and growing emphasis on quality, reliability and sustainability. 
Looking ahead, our priorities remain clear. Enhance operational efficiency, 
strengthen customer relationships, improve product realization and maintain 
financial discipline. With that, I conclude my remarks. 
We thank all our shareholders, customers, business partners, lenders and 
employees for their continuous confidence and support. 
We will now be happy to take Question. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, 
we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first 
question is from Amit Gupta from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Gupta: 
Good evening, Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my question was on 
the like, you know, initiatives to develop new products. So, if I recollect, last 
year, there was like, you know, a joint development agreement with Birla 
Cellulose to develop a specialty like, you know, fabric or textile application 
on graphene technology. I believe there was some further progress as well 
to like, you know, with some tie-up with Birla Cellulose and then further, I 
think, there was some tie-up with Ceylon-related entities. So, my question 
was, what is the update on this particular initiative which was taken last 
year? Is it gaining traction or it need not be meaningful, like, you know, 

7 | P a g e 
 
special application to textiles, so to say? Is it really evolving to make a 
difference or is it not as great as maybe initially thought? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, thank you, Amit, for a very important aspect of business. NPD has been 
focused and last year, when we started working on graphene and we had the 
tie-up with Birla Cellulose for the viscose application of this graphene-based 
fiber. So, as RSWM is a part of LNJ Bhilwara Group, so we are going to have 
a graphene plant which will offer graphene and we'll be using this for fiber 
both in polyester as well as viscose. And then, finally, giving impact on both 
the PV, polyester and viscose yarn separately. So, this project is very much 
on. We are working on the same. 
The judgements are positive. One round of product from Grasim, Birla 
Cellulose has arrived. There have been certain further improvements 
targeted. 
Similarly, on polyester side, we are doing a lot of development in-house. So, 
this is a project which is going to take some time, but we are definitely on it 
and we expect fairly good developments in days to come. 
Amit Gupta: 
Very helpful. So, just to follow up on this, very broadly, by when can you 
expect some revenue traction or commercial, what do you say, adaptation of 
this initiative or it would be still a little difficult to hazard a guess at this 
stage? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, I will not be absolutely clear on this, but I expect within this financial 
year we should get it rolling. 
Amit Gupta: 
Understood. And my last question was, is there any thought or a study as to 
how big the total addressable market for this particular initiative will be? That 
will be my question. Thank you so much. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, in fact, this is not a product which already is used commercially very 
aggressively. So, there is a potential to use in all possible uses of fabric at 
this point of time. This is one of the very high potential products, will have 
many performance as well as medicinal, beneficial attached to this product. 
So, I think the market will be really, really big. Now, how quickly and how 
efficiently we are able to capture it is yet to be evaluated. So, let us first 
master this product, then we will assess the various applications and then 
work out the market opportunity. 
Amit Gupta: 
Understood, Sir. All the best. And again, congratulations on good set of 
numbers. Thank you, Sir. 

8 | P a g e 
 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thank you, Amit. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Prerna Jhunjunwala from Elara 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Prerna Jhunjunwala: Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand the demand 
scenario for yarn and fabric business separately in terms of how the prices 
are moving and how volumes are in the current quarter, whether it is a 
growth or it is flat. Some color on granular volume and price details would 
be helpful to understand the results better. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, Prerna, thank you for your question. I could get the first part, which is 
market outlook on fabric and yarn. I could not really get the second part of 
your question if you can elaborate. If it is only subset of the first, then I will 
be able to answer. If there is something else you want to target in second 
question, please elaborate again. 
Prerna Jhunjunwala: Second question is on volumes. What are the volumes in yarn and fabric 
businesses and how the prices have moved during the quarter? How are we 
seeing them in current volatile times? That is what my question was on the 
second part. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Okay. Fine. So, the quarter under review has been really, really volatile. We 
had all sorts of variables affecting us. This West Asian war, crude prices, 
thereby polyester prices went up very, very high in March. So, started 
impacting volumes in April, May, and June. So, the prices for polyester fiber 
went up as high as to the tune of 30%. So, thereby, uncertainty did prevail 
in terms of buying from customers. Stocking went to the lowest level for 
pricing. Everybody was concerned about this. So, business during this 
quarter was more new lifting. So, lifting has been average because the prices 
of yarn were pushed accordingly and the fabric business was still having 
further challenge because the prices were not easily absorbed in the 
downstream further. 
So, it is slightly more stable now. The prices have been more or less 
stabilized, but the volatility still continues because the crude prices are still 
fluctuating very high degree. So, overall, if you look at the demand side, 
both international and domestic demand has been volatile, but domestic 
demand has been comparatively less volatile than international demand. 
So, thereby, in synthetic yarn business, RSWM could do reasonably good 
sales in this quarter, and the current quarter is also going in more or less the 
same way. For cotton and mélange yarn, the quarter under review, that 

9 | P a g e 
 
means, the 1st Quarter has been really good because of the delta between 
yarn prices and cotton prices and the spread because of certain amount of 
stocking that every company does was good. So, in 2nd Quarter, it is still 
doing reasonably good so far. So, volume both in yarn and fabric are 
reasonably good, but the challenges continue to be there in 2nd Quarter as 
well. 
Prerna Jhunjunwala: Sir, if you could elaborate on the numbers that will be helpful in terms of 
yarn volume during the quarter and how it has grown in terms of volume for 
yarn and fabric business? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
As you want number in terms of revenue? 
Prerna Jhunjunwala: Volume, how much metric tons of yarn would you have sold and what kind 
of volume you would have done in the fabric business? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, I am not having the figures in terms of the volume, but I can share with 
you that the capacity utilization has been in mid 90%. So, we had in Mélange, 
it was around 92%-93%, in synthetic yarn around 96%, and in cotton yarn, 
it was around 98%. So, all the businesses, the stock has been maintained 
and the volumes have been utilized fairly nice. In fabric business, in denim, 
our capacity again has been in 90%, whereas in knit business, it has been in  
mid 80%. So, I think that is probably what you intended to get from this. 
That number in terms of production, I am not having it at this point of time. 
Prerna Jhunjunwala: No problem, we can calculate this. Next question is actually on the recent 
joint venture that you have signed for garment unit in denim. I wanted to 
understand what will be your share of JV and when this unit is likely to 
commission plus what kind of revenue potential, what capacity of denim 
garment in terms of units would be there? Some color on this JV would be 
really helpful. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Okay, Prerna, it is too premature to really have the final figure on this. Today 
is the first day we discussed this in board, and we have got the principal 
approval from board for this JV. The stake percentage sharing is still under 
discussion, but RSWM will be a major majority shareholder in this. So, we 
will be able to work on this. So, the vision for garmenting will be in phases. 
In the first phase, we may go up to 5 lakh pieces per month, which may 
further be added in two more phases in the coming period. So, this is in line 
with what we have been discussing in last 4-5 investor call meetings that we 
see potential in garmenting and downstream expansion from RSWM. RSWM 
has been doing fiber, we have been doing yarn, we have been doing fabric 
and now logical expansion of this is going into garmenting. 

10 | P a g e 
 
Prerna Jhunjunwala: Understood. So, this unit will utilize your fabric capacities that you have 
internally, or you would be looking forward to manage it as an independent 
unit of garmenting? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
As a principle, we keep all our businesses independent. If the quality and the 
price is matching, we will sell internally also. This is not a dedicated 
garmenting unit for our own capacity. We are open to buy from outside and 
wherever we require some particular fabric from outside, we will buy. 
Wherever it is the same fabric, both internal and external will compete and 
depending upon the commercial viability, we will have the decision. So, this 
is not a dedicated garmenting line. We will be open for buying from outside 
as well. 
Prerna Jhunjunwala: Understood. So, would you be also interested in doing knit garmenting as 
your knit fabric capacities are also in place and the logical extension for knit 
fabric business is ideally garmenting. So, any color on that? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, at this point of time, it is for denim and you know our exposure in 
garmenting will start with denim. In 2nd or 3rd Phase, we may consider knit 
also but at this point of time, the first phase clearly is for denim garment. 
Prerna Jhunjunwala: Understood. And I would also like to understand the pet food grade chip 
business that you are entering. You have already started allocating capital to 
it at about 100 crores or has been allocated already, as I see in your results. 
Sorry, I may be wrong in capital allocation. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
I can update you on B2B project which is making food grade granules which 
will be used for creating the bottles. So, we have started this project. This 
project is on ground in reality. 
So, we have the civil construction on. We have placed orders for all critical 
machines and project is likely to be completed in fourth quarter of this year 
for trials and commercial production may happen in quarter one of next 
financial year. 
Prerna Jhunjunwala: Okay. And so, here what is the kind of revenues or margins that you are 
seeking to generate largely because this is a new business, new category. 
The clients will also not be textile clients. So, any tie-ups with any customers 
that you have done to accelerate the utilization level? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, this will have 50,000 metric ton per year capacity and we will be 
expecting a revenue of ₹500 Cr from the project which we are implementing 

11 | P a g e 
 
as the first phase of B2B. And normally, this industry clock EBITDA of around 
15%.  
Prerna Jhunjunwala: Okay. 15% EBITDA is the general margin. And any tie-ups you have done 
with any customers to scale up utilization? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
We have not done any tie-up at this point of time. We are largely focused on 
creating world-class facilities which will have state-of-the-art machinery and 
also one of the best products in terms of quality in India. So, at this moment, 
more focus is that maybe in the due course, we go for some tie-up. At this 
moment, we have not done any tie-up. 
Prerna Jhunjunwala: Understood, Sir. Thank you and best wishes. I will come back to you for any 
further questions. Thank you. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thank you, Prerna. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we take the next question, a reminder to participants that 
you have to press * and 1 to join the question queue. The next question is 
from Pushkar Jain from Millie Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pushkar Jain: 
Yes. So, I was asking you about the growth guidance for the year and the 
margins that we expect for the full year, EBITDA margins. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, Pushkar, that is a really forward-looking thing. I can only promise you 
that the performance of the 1st Quarter is positive. We have improved almost 
12% over the previous quarter in terms of cash profit and EBITDA is ₹94 Cr, 
which again is around 8%. So, if you look at business-wise, outlook remains 
positive and as prudent management, we are fully working in terms of 
operational excellence and for rightful deployment of all resources. So, let's 
keep our fingers crossed. We expect all quarters to be similar or better than 
this. 
Pushkar Jain: 
And so, the growth did not come from the export segment, right, in this 
quarter? Like the top line was impacted due to the export demand, right? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Yes. 
Pushkar Jain: 
Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
As you know, geopolitical situation. So, there is West Asia conflict going 
around, delayed transit period, long transit and then high freight. So, a lot 
of uncertainties impacted all this growth for this period. 

12 | P a g e 
 
Pushkar Jain: 
Right. Thanks a lot 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Avinash Nahata from Barami Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Nahata: 
Yes. I have three questions. The first is, we show profit at EBIT level in the 
fabric segment, which is like even Stevens, there is hardly anything. So, is 
there a change in transfer pricing? Last year, I could see was to the extent 
of ₹35 - ₹36 crores. In this March quarter and June quarter, there is hardly 
anything as far as the PBIT segment results is considered. That's question 
number one. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Okay. So, should I respond to this? 
Avinash Nahata: 
Yes, we can take it one by one. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Yes. That will be better. You know, you observed absolutely right. The 
quarter under discussion has been tough for fabric business because of global 
uncertainties and the tariff things which happened earlier. The demand, 
particularly in knitted fabric, was subdued. Customers were operating at 
fairly low level of production. 
So, thereby, the demand and the cost-led pressures because of increased 
prices of fiber, gas prices, freight prices, chemical prices, everything put very 
adverse remarks in terms of cost. And thereby, this quarter, a lot of pressure 
in terms of cost and the demand side resulted in low EBITDA margin for 
fabric. So, this is applicable to both knit and denim, but more so in knit 
because denim, we are equally balanced for export and domestic. 
In case of knit, most of our customers are dependent on exports. So, 
garmenters whom we are working closely, they are export-oriented and their 
demand was affected. Fortunately, for last two months, we are seeing 
positive demand, a lot of inquiries and outlook seems to be better for current 
quarters. 
Avinash Nahata: 
So, basically, so which means the yarn has done even better because fabric, 
not only in June quarter, but March is also negative to the extent of ₹2 crores. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Yes, yarn is doing better because overall demand for yarn was still good. 
Fabric had more challenges. 
Avinash Nahata: 
The second question is relating to power cost. We can see on an absolute 
basis over the last two-three quarters, power cost coming down. Give us a 

13 | P a g e 
 
sense related to the per unit cost or what kind of reduction has already been 
captured by our investments into renewables and over the next seven, eight 
quarters, what is the further reduction which is possible? This is my question 
number two. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, the impact of the efforts being done in the energy in terms of going more 
for renewable sources is something which is now reflected. Second, a lot of 
effort has been done by each production team to reduce consumption. So, 
this is a combined effect of both of this. 
But just to share with you, our renewable energy now is improved from last 
year of mid-20s to mid-40s. In the current quarter, we are even going around 
60% power consumption from renewable sources. So, this is a result of the 
effort which we started last year that is reflecting now and per unit cost will 
keep on varying month to month because both solar and wind will change 
with season. 
So, overall, for the year, you will find a really good difference. But on month 
to month and quarter to quarter, you may still have the deviation. 
Avinash Nahata: 
So, on an annualized basis, if you can say, I can understand about solar, 
wind seasonality, what is the likely reduction? I mean, the broad range is 
also okay. Given the targeted growth, what kind of power reduction do we 
target internally? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
I expect it will be anything more than ₹1 per unit on an average year-over-
year basis because of the impact of all these renewable sources we are using. 
Avinash Nahata: 
So, in absolute rupees, crores, it will be how much? 
Nitin Tulyani: 
The impact of 10% is already seen. I am saying impact of 10% is already 
seen in the current quarter results like power and fuel was ₹123 crores in 
last quarter versus ₹112 crores which we are reporting in current quarter. 
So, almost a 10% decrease is already there. So, over the next quarter, you 
will see a further decrease. 
Avinash Nahata: 
So, I could see that. So, that's why my question is on a full year basis on 
rupees, crores, what is the broad range of savings we can do over 26? 
Nitin Tulyani: 
We are targeting to close it somewhere around ₹100 crores. 
Avinash Nahata: 
Sorry? ₹100 crores of money.  
Rajeev Gupta: 
You are talking about money or units? 

14 | P a g e 
 
Avinash Nahata: 
In rupees, crores, what kind of savings we are targeting in power cost like 
full year basis, we reported ₹495 crores under power and fuel last year, 
March 31st, 2026. So, in rupees, crores basis… 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Yes. So, Avinash, this is a function of three things. Number one is number of 
units consumed and number two, the kind of utilization we clock in all of our 
manufacturing units and number three is the power unit cost per unit of 
power. Now, if you look at the efforts that we have done in terms of reducing 
the power cost, I think that should give us advantage to the tune of 40 crores 
for the year. The rest overall number will depend on if we increase more 
units and add more spindles or add more machines. That may still go up. 
Avinash Nahata: 
So, I understand. For the same amount of utilization, A is your cost per unit 
coming down which you mentioned, ₹40 Cr. So, that's the minimum 
reduction we could see for the same utilization. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Yes, that's it. 
Avinash Nahata: 
Okay. And this ramp up of this PET project, like you had mentioned, ₹500 
crores on a decent utilization with 15% EBITDA margin. So ‘28, we are likely 
to start this in 1st Quarter ‘28. So, what is the kind of utilization? How are 
we mapping the utilization for this PET? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Okay. So, I shall request Mr. Manoj Bansal to respond. 
Manoj Bansal: 
See, the first year is going to be 75% and probably we will scale up the entire 
production in three years. So, third year probably be full potential. We are 
going very conscious. We understand the industry standard. So, 75, 85 and 
then probably up to 90, 91%. So, three years will take to scale up the full 
production. 
Avinash Nahata: 
Understood.  
Manoj Bansal: 
We have considered all the trials and everything because this is a food grade 
product. So, we need to take all kinds of trials, all kinds of certifications 
before we actually approve, etc. So, we have been very conscious, 
understanding the industry standards, we are proceeding as I have 
mentioned to you. 
Avinash Nahata: 
Right. I think this garment business is slightly more labour-oriented and 
requires a very different kind of operational skills and management. So, do 
we intend to do a new team under this JV or can you just spend one minute 

15 | P a g e 
 
more on this? Although I understand this is slightly very early, but if there is 
a thought you have. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
No, you are absolutely right. This is a new venture and new business for 
RSWM, but we definitely will be hiring a competent team which will be doing 
this. So, we will take care of all the challenges that this business involves, 
including skilling and taking care of the quality standards. So, we will also 
try to work very strongly in machine design, a fairly good degree of 
automation and then the skill level of course has to be topmost priority. So, 
all those things we will try to take care of this while planning for execution 
for this project. 
Avinash Nahata: 
Okay, one last question. In your Slide #14, where you speak about your 
expanding Knitting operations, so you are saying that the expected benefits 
are likely to reflect from Q3 FY27 onwards. Can you just quantify or 
qualitatively and quantitatively these 92 crore investments in Knitting 
capacity? What kind of benefits can we see in the second half? 
Manoj Bansal: 
Yes, see currently we have capacity of 650 tons. So, after this expansion 
probably we will be touching around 900 tons per month. So, in 900 tons, 
150 tons will be printing, which is not there as of now. So, one of the benefits 
which we envisage is the printing, so our product mix will get enriched. So, 
this is how we have actually planned. So, first the product mix gets improved 
and then obviously our offer to the different customers, so we can actually 
give a complete range. So, these are two benefits which we are envisaging 
and that's why we are actually expecting that in Q3, probably we'll know and 
start getting trials and then obviously scale up of the production. 
Avinash Nahata: 
Also, if I got it right, you are saying from 650 tons to 900 tons and you have 
a value add of over 150 tons of printing. Is that correct? 
Manoj Bansal: 
150 tons of printing capacity, exactly. Absolutely correct. Okay. 
Avinash Nahata: 
One request to the management Sir, this presentation was uploaded at 5.15 
and this was scheduled at 5.30. I mean, we as investor fraternity should 
have at least one hour of time to scan through the presentation. It makes 
more sense so that it leads towards a meaningful discussion. If you can leave 
45 minutes. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, Avinash, your point is well taken. Normally, we schedule this call on the 
next day but because of certain other engagements, statutory engagements, 
we had to schedule it today itself. Board meeting continued till around  

16 | P a g e 
 
4 o'clock, I think, Secretarial team, 4.15pm. So, Secretarial team tried to did 
it immediately after that but point well noted and we'll take care in future.  
Avinash Nahata: 
Thanks a lot and all the very best to the entire team. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management team for closing comments. 
Nitin Tulyani: 
Yes, sure. So, in closing, I extend my sincere gratitude to all of our 
employees, stakeholders and partners for their unwavering support. With 
collective effort and a shared vision, we are all well positioned to drive 
innovation, strengthen our market presence and deliver sustainable value. 
The road ahead holds great promises and we are confident in our ability to 
grow and succeed in the years to come. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. With that, we conclude today's conference. Thank you 
for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes.) 
Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B. No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Distt. Bhilwara Rajasthan  
Website: https://www.rswm.in  
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 
 
