 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
CIN: L70100DL2000PLC104787 
Regd. Off : 13TH FLOOR DR. GOPAL DAS BHAWAN, 28 BARAKHAMBA ROAD, CONNAUGHT PLACE, NEW DELHI- 110001 Phone: 011-49281700 
Corp. Off. : UNIT NO.101,GROUND FLOOR, TOWER-A, SIGNATURE TOWER, SOUTH CITY-1 GURUGRAM HR- 122001Phone: 0124-4398011 
                                                                                      E-mail:  compliance@signatureglobal.in, Website: www.signatureglobal.in 
 
Date: 13th August, 2026 
 
The Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
 
Scrip Code : 543990 
Debt Segment : Scrip Code-977218 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza 
5th Floor, Plot no C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400 051 
 
Symbol : SIGNATURE 
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors/ Analysts Call held on 6th August, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
With reference to our letter dated 1st August, 2026 in respect of Investors/ Analysts Call, held on  
Thursday, the 6th August, 2026 please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of discussion held during 
the said Investors/ Analysts Call. 
 
The aforesaid information is also available on the website of the Company at www.signatureglobal.in.  
 
Kindly take the above information on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
 
 
(M R BOTHRA) 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
 
Meghraj 
Bothra
Digitally signed by Meghraj Bothra 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=110034, l=North West Delhi, 
st=Delhi, street=2890/1 SF SANT NAGAR, RANI BAGH, Delhi India 
110034, title=1802, 
2.5.4.20=1e047b4394bcf4c5de5a2639f513863aef84549a8b2d054
ffc19a6606d774e57, 
serialNumber=c32479ccd87a4ef81e06f955d3a91f5d1b6ae7532fb
94d948a50c7d2b1ff9f20, email=bothramr@yahoo.co.in, 
cn=Meghraj Bothra 
Date: 2026.08.13 17:57:57 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
“Signatureglobal (India) Limited Q1 FY '27 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. PRADEEP KUMAR AGGARWAL – CHAIRMAN AND 
WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) 
LIMITED 
MR. LALIT KUMAR AGGARWAL – VICE-CHAIRMAN AND 
WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) 
LIMITED 
MR. RAVI AGGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. DEVENDER AGGARWAL – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. RAJAT KATHURIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. SANJEEV KUMAR SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
MS. PREETIKA SINGH – INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MODERATORS: 
MR. ADHIDEV CHATTOPADHYAY – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
August 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Signatureglobal (India) Limited Q1 FY '27 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing *, then 0 on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Adhidev Chattopadhyay. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Good evening, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I would like to welcome everyone on 
the Signature Global Call today. 
As always, from the Management we have with us, Mr. Pradeep Kumar Aggarwal - the 
Chairman and Whole-Time Director; Mr. Lalit Kumar Aggarwal - the Vice-Chairman and 
Whole-Time Director; Mr. Ravi Aggarwal - the Managing Director; Mr. Devender Aggarwal - 
the Joint Managing Director and Whole-Time Director; Mr. Rajat Kathuria - the Chief Executive 
Officer; Mr. Sanjeev Kumar Sharma - the Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Preetika Singh - the 
Head of Investor Relations. 
I would now like to hand over the call to the Management for their opening remarks and 
comments. Over to you. Thank you. 
Pradeep Kumar Aggarwal: Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the Quarter 1 FY '27 Earning Conference Call 
of Signature Global. Thank you for joining us today. I hope you have had the opportunity to 
review our Financial Results and Investor Presentation shared earlier today. 
India's housing market continues to be supported by a strong macroeconomic environment, 
sustained infrastructure development, supportive government policies and rising urbanization, 
all of which are driving long-term demand. The center's recent advisory directing state RERA 
to grant a 4-month extension for eligible projects impacted by the Middle East conflict further 
reflected a proactive policy approach towards the sector. Combined with the evolving 
homebuyer aspiration and a growing preference for quality development, these factors are 
creating significant growth opportunity for organized real estate developers. 
According to a recent report of Cushman & Wakefield, 18,470 residential units were launched 
in Delhi NCR during H1 2026, making a 10% year-on-year increase. Gurugram retained its 
position as Rising Premium Residential Hotspot, accounting for 74% of all luxury housing 
launches. Additionally, the average launch price of homes in Delhi NCR rose 24% year-on-year 
in quarter 2 2026, reflecting sustained demand for premium housing in the region. Against the 
positive backdrop, Signature Global continued to increase its presence across the residential 
macro market while expanding its diversification strategy. During the quarter, we entered in a 
branded residence segment through our collaboration with the Tonino Lamborghini for a 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
August 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
premium residential project in Sector 71 on Southern Periphery Road, Gurugram. This launch 
aligned with the rapid growth of the branded residence segment, which industry estimates the 
project will expand by nearly 60% by 2027. 
Driven by the rising demand for premium and experience-led living, the strong response to the 
1st Phase of residential sales for the confidence in this segment and we will continue to pursue 
similar opportunities that align with the evolving customer aspirations. The quarter also reflected 
steady operational progress, healthy demand across our project, improved sales realization and 
sustained momentum in our core market. This performance was supported by a very healthy 
project execution, improved operational efficiency and successful monetization of our portfolio, 
reframing the strength of our business model and disciplined approach to the sustainable growth. 
Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about the long-term outlook for the housing sector, 
particularly in Gurugram and the wider NCR region. Our focus will continue to be on timely 
delivery, project delivery, customer certainty, financial discipline and creating long-term value 
for all stakeholders. 
With that, I would now like to invite our CEO – Mr. Rajat Kathuria, to take you through the 
company's financial performance in detail. Thank you once again for joining us today and for 
your continued support of Signature Global. Thank you. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Thank you, Pradeepji and thanks, everyone, for joining today's call. 
Digging a little deeper into details, so during this quarter, we did a fairly good launch of this 
group housing and apartment project development wherein we did a tie up with lifestyle brand 
Tonino Lamborghini. This is a reasonable-sized project, more than 12 acres in size and more 
than 2 million square foot in terms of super built-up area. We launched the project at the highest 
ever price we have achieved ever, which is a little above Rs. 22,000 a foot, hence taking the 
GDV value in excess of Rs. 4,000 crores, about Rs. 44 billion to be precise. So overall, the 
project had more than 800 odd units, we opened up about 400 odd units for the 1st Phase of sale 
and more than 300 plus units were sold. 
We are fairly enthused that at these price points, we got a very strong response from the market 
and even this needs to be looked upon in the context of the macro headwinds, which we were 
witnessing throughout the first quarter with the Middle Eastern war. There were every day bad 
print, bad media stories getting covered, currency devaluations being talked about, etc., but given 
all of that, I think we were very happy with the way the project launch happened and performed 
and it is satisfying in the way it has happened. We will be planning more launches for the year, 
our overall guidance stays firm to come up with new launches worth Rs. 150 billion for this year. 
So there are more launches planned during the 3rd and the 4th quarter. More around Diwali, 
there is another launch which is getting planned. We should, by and large, be able to achieve it 
and there is a launch in the 4th quarter which is planned. So we look comfortable around our 
annual guidance of new launches of Rs. 150 billion for this particular year. 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
August 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
I would also like to point out that if we look at the previous 8-9 quarters, we have consistently 
been launching projects across categories and across markets within Gurgaon, whether these are 
larger townships where we launched 2 large townships, one of 125 acres, the other of 140 acres, 
and consistently launching group housing projects, starting from De Luxe DXP to Titanium, 
Cloverdale and Twin Towers, now Tonino Lamborghini. So, all these launches have been done 
in good tandem, because our fundamental thesis and learning of working in this market is that it 
is hugely supply constrained. Gurgaon market saw very little supply creation happen between 
2014 and 2022 at an industry level and hence that created a vacuum. The demand for new homes 
is significantly high and that is why we feel the supply constraint can be met only by consistent 
supply which Signature Global has been working upon over the last few years. 
As far as the numbers go, yes, we have done close to Rs. 2,000 odd crores, about Rs. 20 odd 
billion of pre-sales got achieved. Given our launch pipeline, we stay confident of achieving about 
Rs. 100 billion of pre-sales for the current year. This can be looked at in multiple ways. I think 
20% of the target got achieved in first quarter itself. Usually quarter 3 tends to be a good quarter 
in North India and with more launches planned around that time, we are feeling comfortable 
with Rs. 100 billion target for the full year. 
As far as the price points, realizations and collections go, we achieved a per square foot 
realization in excess of Rs. 17,000 a foot. For the whole of last year, this number stood at a little 
above Rs. 15,000 odd a foot. So we have grown significantly in terms of price per square foot 
which is primarily driven by more premium launches for premium launch within this first 
quarter. That is one of the primary reason why the per square foot realizations gone up. But even 
in general, in Gurgaon, we are seeing, at an industry level, people getting inflation plus level 
increment in selling prices, primary reason for that being that demand is outpacing supply and 
demand is steady. Hence developers are feeling confident of enriching the product, giving better 
quality product and backed up by good quality infrastructure which has come up over the years. 
I think some of these places which were a little ahead from the city are very much part of the 
city. There is more plans in terms of city level infrastructure, the metro development, the phase 
2 metro development is approved and that is like going to be again a game changer for the 
Gurgaon city. So overall prices continue to go up. In line with the trend, we have also witnessed 
realizations going up. 
As far as our collections are concerned, I think we collected about Rs. 6.7 billion during this 
quarter. This number will grow significantly during the current year because collections often 
are basis, the milestones getting achieved, we are achieving completion on a lot of our projects 
during this current year. We anticipate completing projects in excess of Rs. 5,000 odd crores and 
recognizing revenue of like Rs. 5,000 odd crores, about 50 odd billion INR. And hence, in line 
with that, collections are expected to face up during the rest of the year. 
As far as the current portfolio position goes, we have delivered about 19 million square foot till 
date. And there is another 9 million square foot, which on an average completion timelines like 
2-3, 2-2.5 quarters by another 4 quarters or 5 quarters bulk of this 9 million would have been 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
August 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
completed with few exceptions. But the average completion timeframe of this 9 million square 
foot is just anywhere between 2-3 quarters now. 
In terms of recently launched projects, like I just talked about that we have consistently created 
supply, we have launched projects of almost like 23 million square foot since February 24, when 
we launched a group housing project called De Luxe DXP. The GDV value of all these launches 
is Rs. 334 billion. So this is one other significant bucket. A lot of portfolio is actually converting 
into cash. These are not just futuristic land parcels, which will be getting launched in 5 or 7 or 
10 years. This is actually projects where work has commenced and we are actively developing 
these projects now. Besides that, there is a forthcoming portfolio of about 17 million square foot, 
of which 5 million square foot is a commercial development where we did a tie up with the RMZ 
group and we announced it in March. But besides that, there is another 12 million square foot, 
which we will be launching as part of this year and the coming year. 
Now, as far as adding to the portfolio is concerned, we are very actively involved in doing new 
business development during this year. And we are very hopeful of adding a significant amount 
of land within our core markets and even outside of our core markets. By outside, I mean markets 
outside of the Delhi NCR. So both of these markets, we are very hopeful of doing significant 
new business development. Besides that the balance sheet position of the company stays very 
good. We are sitting on cash and bank balances of close to Rs. 25 billion, our net debt position 
is close to less than Rs. 3.9 billion, so very low levels of net debt. While doing business 
development during the year, the net debt numbers could go a little bit higher, not significantly 
higher, but these could grow during this year as we intend to do significant amounts of business 
development. 
Besides that, I think there were a few project completions. We completed a few affordable 
housing projects, they are just few now more to go. And we would be done by all affordable 
housing completions in a couple of quarters. But even in this quarter, there was more affordable 
housing completion than mid-income segment. The average per square foot realization of 
inventory which got completed during this quarter was less than 6000. So while currently we are 
selling at an average realization of 17000, during the first quarter our average revenue was 
recognized on inventory, which got completed was less than 6000. And hence, the P&L is not 
fully reflective of the current position. But during the course of the year, we are very comfortable 
that we recognize revenue of more than Rs. 50 billion and show a very good PAT number 
emerging out of historical projects which are getting completed. 
So by and large, we stay comfortable with our overall business guidance, the business 
performance is steady, completions are happening at a good pace. Rains have been quite heavy 
last couple of days, but by and large, we have got good number of working days, there were not 
too many disruptions happening out of rain this year and we are fairly confident with regard to 
timely completions and collections and launches are planned. So we look comfortable with the 
guidance we gave at the start of the year and it is a good beginning is the way we look at this 
particular year. 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
August 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
And just to add on, I think in terms of a bit of flavor on the nature of business development, we 
feel comfortable doing large format developments, the way we have seen success of Project 
Daxin and Project City of Colours. In our core market, we want to take that particular product 
segment across various markets, even outside of Delhi NCR and Low-Rise developments, large 
format developments spread across 100-150 odd acres is somewhere we are focusing on and you 
will see more additions on that format happening during the rest of the year. 
Happy to take up any questions, which you guys follow us. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Parvez Kazi from Nuvama Group. Please go ahead. 
Parvez Kazi: 
Hi, good evening and thanks for taking my question. Sir, my question is regarding business 
development activity. If I heard you right, you said that we are okay looking at projects outside 
NCR also. Did I get that right? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Yes, Parvez, that is right. 
Parvez Kazi: 
So have you found out which geography are we looking at? Is this largely going to be North 
India or we are okay looking at other metro cities as well? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
So we are evaluating few opportunities. But let it come to the stage where we can share more. 
So I would prefer not to suggest the particular location. But yes, we are looking at larger format 
developments outside of the Delhi NCR market as well. 
Parvez Kazi: 
Sure, and ballpark and what kind of land CAPEX are we comfortable during the current period? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
So see, the number could be in the range of around Rs. 1,500-Rs. 1,800 odd crores for the year. 
Parvez Kazi: 
Sure. Regarding our launches in H2, fair to suggest that one of them could be in Dwarka 
Expressway and the other at SPR? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
It could be, it is possible that both of them could be in the SPR itself. The second one is definitely 
in SPR, the third one we are yet to decide, but most likely it could be SPR again. 
Parvez Kazi: 
So then a related question, I mean, first quarter we had a launch with a GDV of about Rs. 4,400 
crores. So with a guidance of about Rs. 50,000 odd crores, that leaves almost about Rs. 10,000-
Rs. 10,500 for the second half. So are we okay bringing that kind of inventory in a single micro 
market? Or can there be launches outside these micro markets? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
See, there will be some launches outside. I am not saying the entire, Rs. 150 billion gets achieved 
out of the single market. But yes, a good portion of the launches for the current year are planned 
in sector 71. And we are comfortable creating that kind of supply because there is very little 
getting supplied in that market at this stage. Because there are very few developers locally who 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
August 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
own any reasonable quantum of land in that particular market, which is coming out very well in 
last couple of years. 
Parvez Kazi: 
And last question, in SPR, we are comfortable with the kind of ticket size and the unit size, 
which we have, roughly about Rs. 5-Rs. 5.5 crores. Would that be a fair assessment? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Yes. 
Parvez Kazi: 
Sure. Thanks and all the best. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. So just on continuing on these launches, I think we had a branded 
residence launch this quarter. And there are a couple of more which are also planned as a branded 
residence in same market. So in general, how do we differentiate with these products? 
Considering that we launched 4.5, we would have sold maybe Rs. 1,000-Rs. 1,500 crores this 
quarter. We still have good enough inventory there. So bringing couple of more branded 
residences, how does customers differentiate in terms of which one to prefer that way. So yes, 
that is my first question? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Pritesh, thanks for asking this. See, there is differentiation which is getting created. So 
differentiation in terms of the product offering, the brand which is being offered, the size of units 
which is currently being offered, and the overall orientation of the project, so there are multiple 
ways in which differentiation will get created. The second project is very thoroughly being 
worked upon. So that it is clearly different from what we recently launched. We have achieved 
good sales. We have crossed Rs. 1,500 odd crores out of this particular launch itself. And it is 
not that we are putting the rest of the inventory immediately into the market. Some sales are 
happening even during the current quarter. But thereafter we may park some of the inventory 
and bring it up for sale in a subsequent manner. So there will be a clear product differentiation 
across the projects which are coming. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. And how should we think about the monetization cycle now? Obviously earlier, I would 
say, maybe 2 years, 3 years back, it used to take maybe just a quarter or 2 quarters to monetize 
everything to offer with these branded residences. Now it should be a 1-year product or a 2-year 
monetization cycle. How should we think about or how would our monetization strategy be in 
that sense? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
So Pritesh, with some of these projects, the way we plan internally is that a lot of these lands are 
typically already owned by us and paid for, right? So these are owned land parcels with very 
little level of debt in the company. So by and large these are paid for land parcels. Our 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
August 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
development costs and SG&A costs do not cost 30%-35% of the sale value for these projects. 
So anytime we are crossing, let us say, a 40% benchmark in terms of the number of units for 
each of these incremental launches, the financial closure for each of these projects at a project 
level gets achieved. So our orientation of sales for these projects is that, let us say, we sell about, 
give or take, 50% of the project within 3-6 months of launch. And then you launch about 10% 
of the inventory on an annualized basis till the time the project goes for completion. So that you 
balance out on both quantum of sales, price appreciation, and anyways, financial closure gets 
achieved right at the start. So that is the broad split in terms of sales which we plan to offer in 
the market because when you get into this upper mid-segment it is not a volume play anymore. 
You want to launch a good portion of that project at launch, but at the same time you want to 
show progression on the project as you achieve more sales. So we don't want to kind of achieve 
100% sales like within a particular span of time. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure, perfect. That is helpful. And second on the collections, I think obviously it was quite weak 
versus our usual trend that we have been maintaining since quite a few quarters now. So specific 
reasons for that? And in general, see, while our sales run rate in a quarter is Rs. 2,000-Rs. 2,500 
crores since, Rs. 2,000 ballpark in that range since quite some time, would we ever get to like 
Rs. 2,000 crores in terms of collections or anything between Rs. 1,300-Rs. 1,500 crores 
collections in a quarter is a good number? Is this your business plan that you have made in terms 
of collections? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
You are right that we are averaging around Rs. 2,000 odd crores of pre-sales for a few quarters 
now. I think even last year, the best quarter was the first quarter where we achieved close to Rs. 
2,600 odd crores. But yes, we are averaging around this Rs. 20 billion mark in terms of pre-sales 
for a few quarters, which we believe is kind of a fair number Rs. 2,000-Rs. 2,500 odd crores of 
sales coming out of a particular quarter from by and large Gurgaon which we have been 
achieving. And that is where we think that at these numbers, it is good kind of sales getting 
achieved. Collections, yes, this quarter was a bit of an aberration. We have been closing out on 
Rs. 1,100 odd crores of collections per quarter. I think we will soon get back to that number. 
Even the coming quarter, we expect it to be quite good. The reason of missing out this year was 
certain milestones with lumpy collections getting slipped into the coming quarter and that is why 
the collection number stood at a mark where it is. But eventually, yes, to your point, all this sales 
has to converge into collections on a quarterly basis. I can't give you a particular quarter where 
it is happening. Excel can speak a story which you want to narrate. But yes, all of this sales is 
going to definitely convert into collections because even if you look at the historical trend, so if 
we have launched 23 million square foot over the last 9 quarters, the GDV value is close to Rs. 
334 billion. We have achieved sales of, let us say, Rs. 230-Rs. 240 billion has been achieved. So 
since first is supply, then is sale, and then, of course, is collection. So we don't see any doubt 
around it. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we have lost the last participant's line. We will be moving on to the next 
participant. The next question is from the line of Adhidev Chattopadhyay from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
August 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. Just wanted to understand on the supply side now because 
of the geopolitical issues, has there been any increase in the cost of the key raw materials or our 
finishing things? And next, maybe on the medium term, do you see any cost escalation in the 
projects for that? Just wanted to understand how this is playing out? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Adhidev, even if we go almost a decade back and see the trend, usually costs tend to go up in 
late single digits. You do an average of material and labor both, I think you will see anywhere 
between 7%-8% kind of escalation on cost, which has happened over the last decade. So far, we 
have not seen any inordinate increase in cost over the last quarter. And so we do always take this 
kind of escalation into our budgets when we are planning for it. So the 7%-8% kind of cost 
escalation is something which one should budget over the coming years, so to say. But by and 
large, nothing inordinate, nothing very, no crazy spike on any particular key building product so 
far. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Secondly, just to allude to the comments on exploring opportunities outside NCR, we had also 
mentioned this, right, a few quarters back. So in terms of the margin and the projects which you 
want to do, would it be similar to what we are doing in Gurgaon? Or this would be, you are 
looking to get into maybe something ultra-luxury or mid-income, or how is the, what sort of 
products are you looking to get into in these markets or in terms of ticket size? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
The preference is to do Low-Rise developments, more spread out developments, because any 
new market which you get into, the idea is not to pick up small 5-10 acre parcels and just work 
for that. The idea is to gain relevance in any of these markets where we enter. Low-Rise is a 
good model because you enter and execute and you are able to show your delivery capability 
sooner in a new market. So while Gurgaon, Delhi NCR, people may know Signature Global. As 
we get into newer markets we, for that brand recognition execution capability to be displayed, it 
is good to kind of do Low-Rise developments and showcase that delivery capability at a good 
pace. So that is why the format we are opting for is larger format, Low-Rise developments, 
definitely mid-income focus, neither affordable nor on the premium side, so more mid-income 
developments in some of these newer markets. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Sure. Yes, that is all from my side. Thank you. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Thank you, Adhidev. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing remarks. Over to you. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Thanks, everyone. 
Pradeep Kumar Aggarwal: Thank you. 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
August 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
