 
 
July 25, 2026 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited
(BSE: 542726) 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
(NSE: INDIAMART) 
 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on financial results and developments for 
the quarter ended June 30, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, we wish to 
inform that the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on Tuesday, 
July 21, 2026, with respect to the financial results and developments of the Company for quarter 
ended June 30, 2026, is enclosed herewith.  
 
The 
copy 
of 
transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://investor.indiamart.com/FinancialResultsStatements.aspx. 
 
Kindly take note of the same. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
 
 
(Vasudha Bagri) 
Compliance Officer  
Membership No: A28500 
 
Encl: As above. 
Vasudha 
Bagri
Digitally signed by 
Vasudha Bagri 
Date: 2026.07.25 
20:13:55 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Webinar Transcript  
 
Event: IndiaMART Q1 FY2027 Earnings Webinar  
 
Event Date/Time: July 21, 2026 at 17:00 hrs   
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal - Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal - Whole-Time Director 
Mr. Jitin Diwan - Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Prateek Chandra - Chief Strategy Officer 
Mr. Avijit Vikram - Head Investor Relations  

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 21, 2026  
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Avijit Vikram, Head of 
Investor Relations. On behalf of IndiaMART InterMESH 
Limited, I welcome you all to the company's Quarter One FY '27 
Earnings Webinar. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
 
Joining us today from the management side, we have Mr. Dinesh 
Agarwal - Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Brijesh Agrawal - Whole-
Time Director, Mr. Jitin Diwan - Chief Financial Officer and Mr. 
Prateek Chandra - Chief Strategy Officer. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made in today's conference call may be forward-
looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly 
refer to Slide #3 of the earnings presentation for the detailed 
disclaimer. 
 
Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Dinesh Agarwal for 
his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Good evening everyone and welcome to IndiaMART's Q1 FY27 
Earnings webinar. We have circulated our Earnings Presentation, 
which is available on our website as well as the stock exchange 
website. We are sure you would have gone through the same. And 
we would be happy to take any questions afterwards. 
 
IndiaMART has delivered a consolidated Revenue from 
operations of Rs. 414 crores in Quarter 1, representing a year-on-
year growth of about 11%. Consolidated Collection from 
customers grew to Rs. 463 crores, representing year-on-year 
growth of 8% in the first quarter. Consolidated deferred revenue 
grew to Rs. 2,014 crores, representing year-on-year growth of 
16%.  
 
In quarter one, unique business enquiries were 26 million. Our 
total paying supplier base was 2 lakh18 thousand at the end of the 
quarter 1, reflecting net decline of 1,850 suppliers during the 
quarter. This decrease can primarily be attributed to moderation in 
the gross addition as well as elevated churn at the Silver 
subscription tier.  

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 21, 2026  
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
Our 
Platinum 
and 
Gold 
subscribers, 
which 
contribute 
approximately 50% of our customer base and more than 75% of 
the revenue, continue to have a good upsell and retention rate. 
 
At the platform level, we are embedding elements of trust and 
safety into the foundation of the marketplace. Our already existing 
strong seller verification through a multi-layer KYC process, 
TrustSEAL verification, along with the transparent supplier 
ratings and reviews, is now supported by seller verification 
feature that helps the buyers to verify sellers before making any 
payments. 
 
Further, to enhance buyer confidence, we have introduced a 
Buyer Payment Protection Program for eligible purchases with 
TrustSEAL verified suppliers.  
 
We continue accelerating our AI evolution, incorporating 
intelligent capabilities into our platforms. We have streamlined 
the discovery process by introducing standardised cataloguing, 
intelligent matchmaking, and content moderation. We are also 
operating one of the largest agentic call handling system in the 
country that autonomously handles over 1 lakh calls per day.  
 
All these initiatives work together to create a seamless and 
efficient experience for both buyers and sellers. 
 
Our focus remains on enabling businesses to unlock sustainable 
growth through technology that evolves with their needs. 
 
Now I will hand over the call to Brijesh to update about BUSY 
Infotech. Thank you, and over to you, Brijesh. 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
Good evening, everyone. BUSY did a billing of about Rs. 59 
crores in Q1 and this represents a year-on-year growth of 10%. 
Revenue from operations were at Rs. 36 crores, which is about  
47% growth. The Deferred revenues were about Rs. 146 crores 
for the quarter and this shows a growth of 44% on year-on-year 
basis. The Cash from operations were at about Rs. 16 crores.  
 
During Q1, we sold approximately 12 thousand new licenses, and 
with this the total number of new licenses sold count has gone to 
4 lakh 54 thousand. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 21, 2026  
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
As I've been sharing earlier, we have been investing behind 
improving the product, the overall user experience. In this regard, 
we have also gone ahead and launched a new version of BUSY 
called BUSY Magic, which has a completely revamped UI/UX. 
 
We think that these investments that we are making will create a 
foundation for the next phase of growth for BUSY. And with this, 
I will hand over the call to Jitin to discuss the financials. 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
Good evening, everyone. I'll take you through the financial 
performance for the quarter ended June 2026. Consolidated 
Collection from customers was Rs. 463 crores in the quarter, 
representing year-on-year growth of 8%. IndiaMART standalone  
Collection from customer for the quarter was Rs. 402 crores, 
registering 
year-on-year 
growth 
of 
8%.                        
Consolidated Deferred revenue stood at Rs. 2,014 crores, an 
increase of 16% on year-on-year basis.  
 
Consolidated Revenue from operations was Rs. 414 crores for the 
quarter, registering year-on-year growth of 11%. Consolidated 
EBITDA was Rs. 146 crores for the quarter, representing margin 
of 35%. Margins continued to be elevated on account of savings 
arising from lower customer acquisition and operating leverage.  
 
In Q1, consolidated Other income for the quarter stood at Rs. 107 
crores. The increase was primarily due to mark-to-market gains 
on our treasury portfolio. 
 
Consolidated Net profit for the year was Rs. 172 crores, and 
consolidated Cash generated from operations was Rs. 163 crores 
for the quarter. Consolidated Cash and treasury balance overall 
stood at Rs. 3,553 crores as on June 30, 2026.  
 
Board of Directors has approved the creation of new subsidiary, 
IndiaMART Finance Limited. This entity will serve MSMEs for 
their short-term credit requirement.  
 
Thank you very much. Now we are ready to take any questions. 
 
 
 
 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 21, 2026  
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
We will now begin the Q&A session. If you wish to ask questions 
to the panelists, kindly raise your hand and allow camera and 
microphone access. Alternatively, you may type the question in 
the chat menu, and we will revert on it. Please restrict to two 
questions so that we may be able to address questions from all the 
participants. We will wait for a few seconds while the question 
queue assembles. First question is from the line of Kunal Thanvi. 
Please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Kunal Thanvi: 
I had two questions. One was on this finance subsidiary that we 
have created. Can you help us understand what is the objective of 
this, and what kind of business we are going to conduct in this 
subsidiary? Are we going to lend our own balance sheet, or it 
would be a partnership with someone else? If you can help us 
understand that. 
 
Second is, is there any plan in terms of monetising buyers at some 
stage? A related question to that was, we have been seeing 
number of buyers on our platform going down. If you can help us 
understand reason for the same, and how should we read into this? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Let me first answer the wholly owned subsidiary approval, 
IndiaMART Finance Limited. Our objective is to facilitate 
transaction financing in order to help improve the marketplace 
effectiveness. In that process, we have been saying that credit 
facilitation during the commerce, especially in the B2B 
commerce, remains one of the key areas where the commerce 
happens. 
 
And we have been doing various smaller experiments here and 
there in order to do a better customer experience and do a slightly 
better partnership. I think we have created a company called 
IndiaMART Finance Limited, which will work with partnership 
lenders to create small products and solutions for short-term 
transaction financing. We do not have any plans to lend out of our 
own balance sheet any large amount. So it is mainly to do the 
partnerships and short-term financing.  
 
Now, coming to the buyer monetisation. Buyers are currently 
being monetised by way of seller enquiry or seller RFQ. We have 
been thinking about launching a paid buyer program, which gives 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 21, 2026  
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
certain value-added services. If you go to the IndiaMART 
website, currently, there is some experiment going on in paid 
buyer program. As and when something better comes, we will let 
you know.  
 
The second piece on the buyer monetisation is the buyer audience 
monetisation. We have various insights onto category affinity of 
the buyer or the turnover affinity of the buyer and all that. And we 
are able to experiment that with the other audience monetisation 
platform to be able to monetise on the third-party advertising 
platform through our retargeting mechanism. So those are some of 
the buyer monetisation programs that we are having. We are not 
directly involved in buyer transaction-based monetisation. 
 
In terms of buyer enquiry, I think they are typically flattish and 
plus minus 1% here and there. By and large, they're typically been 
flattish at unique business enquiries of 26-27 million.  
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abhishek Banerjee. Please 
unmute yourself and go ahead with the question. 
 
Abhishek Banerjee: 
Couple of questions from my side. On this lending platform, right, 
what kind of financing will this be? Will it be invoice discounting 
or will it be just working capital finance? Also, Dinesh mentioned 
something about how you have been running some experiments 
on it. If you could give us some more colour on that, as in what 
are the learnings, etc., what is exciting for you. That would be 
really helpful. Also wanted to understand, this quarter, the growth 
in collections in BUSY has been slightly lower than the trend 
growth rates. Any particular reason for that? If you could, maybe 
just share these two things. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Until now, we have only mostly experimented with trying to give 
any lending leads that came to us to the various financial 
institutions, to see if they can mature those leads for further 
financing them, either as a buyer or as a seller. However, in 
today's scenario of the digital world, I think turnaround time, etc., 
has become quite fast as against if you are doing the lead transfer. 
So in lead transfer mechanism, one of the learning is that today's 
acceptable turnaround times are minutes and hours rather than 
days of the yesterday world. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 21, 2026  
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
And that is why we needed a particular LSP subsidiary. We said 
that, Okay, we will do. In terms of products, I think mostly, as I 
said, they will be around helping buyer and seller to strengthen 
the marketplace for the short-term transaction financing. I do not 
understand whether it will be the invoice discounting or reverse 
invoice discounting, but somewhere near that. I hope that gives 
some clarity. As and when we will do more experiments, we will 
keep coming back to you every quarter.  
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
On BUSY, so if you were to look at the Q1 of last year, we 
actually had about Rs. 10 crores coming in because of one-time 
winbacks that we had introduced in that particular quarter. In fact, 
the growth in Q1 of FY26, that growth rate was also significantly 
higher than the normal. And therefore, if we were to remove that 
one-time Rs. 10 crores growth advantage that we got in that 
quarter, we would still be growing on a normalised basis at about 
30 odd percent. So that's the reason why you see 10% growth in 
billing. But in terms of deferred revenues, in terms of the  
revenues recognised, the growth seems on a more normalised 
level of 30% to 40%. 
 
Abhishek Banerjee: 
Understood. Just one last thing again. On the number of buyers on 
the platform. Is there any way that you have been considering in 
kind of boosting that up? We have been talking about making 
more marketing expenses, but that hasn't really fructified in 
increasing buyer count, or your lead business enquiries for that 
matter. And do you kind of correlate this in any way with 
improving quality of enquiries or quality of buyers on the 
platform? If you could give some colour on that that would be 
helpful. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
So we did cut down on some of the non-quality buyers that I have 
highlighted some 4-5 quarters earlier. But you are right that in the 
last 3 quarters or so, as we are spending Rs. 7 - 8 crore per quarter 
on the advertising, that primarily has shifted the buyer base from 
whatever organic decline that we had. We have shifted the buyer 
base to the more higher ARPU buyers. I mean, the categories 
where we are able to monetise. Because we do not advertise 
across the category or across the geography. We advertise 
specifically in those top 10% categories where exactly we know 
how to monetise that buyer better. So while on an overall number, 
you are seeing that the overall number of buyers are stagnating, 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 21, 2026  
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
but we are filling only those buyers where we have a very strong 
monetisation from the seller side. 
 
So if I look at internal metrics where I look at the more 
monetizable buyer versus the less monetizable buyer, I think we 
are happy with the monetizable buyer growth. On the overall 
decline of the buyer, because currently we are experimenting 
more with Google, and since our primarily source of new buyer 
acquisition was Google, so there is some kind of a 
cannibalisation. As we expand our advertising to Facebook or 
Meta, Instagram or YouTube, I think we will be able to get 
additional set of buyers currently, because the problem was that in 
the Google, there are a lot of blocks of non-links were coming. 
Non-links means the popular products, Q&A, sponsored link, 
those kind of things were coming. 
 
So I think despite the fact that we are first or second organic 
result, but on a mobile device, you are probably not visible in the 
first fold itself. So current endeavour was to experiment and 
remain at the top of the screen. So that's where we are. I think as 
we scale up, you will see increase in the unique business 
enquiries. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Pratik Kothari. Please unmute 
yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Pratik Kothari: 
Good evening. One question. Last quarter or past, we have spoken 
about now shifting our focus more towards quality of buyers or 
the trust that the platform can provide. If we just talk about how is 
that endeavour going? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
I think I highlighted already in my opening. Maybe you missed, 
I'll just repeat that. So earlier on the trust piece, we used to have a 
verified seller. On the verified seller, buyer was only required to 
do a phone number-based identification. Now we are slowly 
moving to 100% OTP verification for the buyers also, because I 
also highlighted the benefit of moving that there, because 
currently there is too much of AI-based agent parsing going on. 
 
And if I move that without behind the login, I am able to save 
some of my unnecessary parsing that is happening. Secondly, we 
are now deploying from phone number and GST to further 
identity verification of the buyer. And there are APIs and there are 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 21, 2026  
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
self-declared buyer things. Third, currently there are many times 
when IndiaMART introduces a buyer to a multiple supplier. 
While buyer has selected only initial one or two suppliers on the 
platform, the other one or two got introduced to him, because of 
IndiaMART. Then buyer wants to see the detailed profile of the 
seller. So we have launched know your seller or seller verification 
page where they can put any particular number or a GST number 
or an email ID, and it will display the seller trust profile. 
 
Another thing that we are trying now is the payment protection 
program. So that currently when you are receiving a QR code or a 
NEFT/RTGS instruction on the WhatsApp, because the seller's 
employee might have sent it to you or somebody might have sent 
it to you. You want to re-verify that into the verified account. So 
for every seller who is a IndiaMART TrustSEAL seller or 
IndiaMART paid seller, we are also verifying their bank accounts 
now, so that while making the payment, you can actually do the 
verified transfer only. 
 
Apart from all of this, we are also offering now for all the 
TrustSEAL buyers, I mean, the buyers of all the TrustSEAL 
sellers with the payment assurance of up to Rs. 5 lakh. So these 
are some of the things that we are improving to improve the 
trusted ecosystem on IndiaMART. 
 
Pratik Kothari: 
Second one, I mean, so currently we're not adding gross paid 
suppliers because, I mean, we intend to kind of solve for this 
leaky bucket, if that's the word I'm using. When do we kind of 
accept maybe that this is structurally how the profile has changed 
and this higher churn stays, and then we now start focusing on 
adding gross customers? I mean, we might have to just add more 
gross customers because the leakage might be higher or the churn 
might be higher or do we think this is a solvable problem for 
now? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
I mean, I can't really answer that for sure because we are trying 
various methods and various ways. You never know which one 
helps fix the real leakage. Because earlier the complaint was that 
the quality of enquiry or the quality of conversion was not good 
enough, and we fixed that, actually. We fixed that, and we came 
back to you, and we showed that. And even when we do seller 
surveys, sellers are very happy with the quality of enquiry and all 
that. Now there is a shortage of enquiry. This is something that we 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 21, 2026  
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
have started to face recently only, because the quality of enquiry 
is too good. Now there are shortage of buy leads or shortage of 
enquiry. Now for the shortage of enquiry, we are trying to work 
on the repeat buyer framework or new buyer acquisition 
framework. 
 
On the other hand also, Google is also a little bit under pressure 
from ChatGPT and others. So effectively, we are trying to manage 
two, three things. As we do multiple experiments, we will come to 
know which one helps us either increase the buyer big time or 
buyer repeat big time. In the meantime, I think, as I said, our gold 
and platinum seller bucket, which is about 50% of the customers, 
they are very happy, and they continue to upgrade while we 
continue to see the areas where we are leaving the money on the 
table. So there are a lot of areas where category-based pricing is 
required, and we touched a little bit on your three tier pricing 
system for the category. 
 
Within the platinum, how to charge according to the return on 
investment based upon the value of the product or based upon the 
number of buyers in every product. Having said that, we can keep 
trying. When does it start to result into a net growth? That, only 
time can tell. 
 
Pratik Kothari: 
My actual question was, net growth is a function of gross minus 
churn, right? So while we are solving for the churn, we have let 
go of gross say over the last two, three years until we solve for the 
churn. My question was, do we at some point accept that while we 
have tried different things, the churn, maybe this is a structural 
way this churn stays, and then we just add more gross, which 
solves for the net addition also? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
That will happen only for 2-3 quarters. I mean, if I go and acquire 
larger, and you might have seen that happening with many other 
subscription players. So, I mean, I can go one more round, more 
Tier 2, more Tier 3, or more weekly, monthly kind of a payment 
system, but that will come back again with that. Once we get the 
product-market fit right, we will know internally that, okay, the 
customers are renewing. Because if the customers are not 
renewing, acquiring same customer with double the intensity will 
make the CAC go higher and the LTV go lower. The CAC LTV 
will never work on that piece. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 21, 2026  
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
So we have to be cognisant of the fact that there's no point 
acquiring a very low-end customer. So we have to fix that before 
pressing pedal on the growth. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vivekanand. Please unmute 
yourself and go ahead with the question. 
 
Vivekanand: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions. So, number one is, for 
curbing churn, you decided to change the, let's say, model of 
customer acquisition, focusing on certain areas, you increased 
prices, you also introduced more checks and balances at an early 
stage. Now I'm just trying to understand this better. In terms of the 
initiatives that you're taking to curb churn and improve the quality 
of the new gross adds, what else are you doing which could 
perhaps yield better results in the next 6 to 12 months? That is my 
first question. 
 
The second one is, now that there is a considerable amount of 
traffic that is moving to the LLMs and not to search engines, how 
do you ensure that the LLMs are also looking at the results that 
are there on the platform in the same light as perhaps Google does 
with SEO? Are there any initiatives that you have taken that help 
LLMs surface your platform's results on top so that whenever 
anyone asks questions on the LLMs regarding any product that 
where IndiaMART has very good quality suppliers, the LLM 
surfaces your link instead of just giving an answer? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
On the initiatives, one initiative is that have a better quality of 
supplier. The second initiative is do a better curation and 
cataloguing and digitisation and category mapping and better 
specifications on the marketplace. Number third initiative was 
that have only better quality of buyers. Better quality means better 
quality of the enquiry fill rate, so that enquiry have quantities and 
specification and things built up. Fourth initiative is which we are 
trying through the financial service also to build the credit into 
transaction so that if there is conversion not happening because of 
the transaction, because many of the B2B transactions do require 
credit to happen. And credit also brings some transaction visibility 
and some certainty to the deliveries perspective. So these are 
some of the things that we are trying other than basic sales 
process modification. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 21, 2026  
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
Now coming to the bigger question, which everybody in the 
world is asking, whether these LLMs will become the search 
engine or these LLMs will eat the search engine and the internet 
will become private. And also that question is difficult, because 
one thing is for sure that LLMs would try to answer as much of 
the things at their own rather than transferring the control back, 
because nowadays there is hardly anything which is hidden from 
the copyright, I mean, protected by the copyright, because you 
could read the entire content and answer it in your own words. 
Now it is a two-way sword, because if I stop completely my 
content from the LLM, then I risk the complete omission from 
that LLM, which gives me a few links here and there. And if I 
expose the entire data, they will probably read everything and 
give you very little in return. 
 
And if you go and read about this on Internet, there's a huge 
debate that is going on in the past 6 months or so, whereas Google 
was more of a give and take economy, where you gave the 
content, Google gave you back the links. They consume all the 
information that is available, and they try to retain a lot of traffic 
with themselves, and which to some extent works well with the 
users as well. So it has to be seen, because if that is the case, then 
entire Internet business models will have to be reversed. It will 
have to go back more private. 
 
So, I can't comment on that, what would be the final destination of 
this particular debate. My hope is that over the time, there's a 
hybrid of a Google or a Gemini that will emerge over a period of 
time. 
 
Vivekanand: 
That's very interesting. Thanks, Dinesh, for sharing this. Are there 
any regulatory guardrails in India that will prevent this from 
happening, where let's say, we then are at the mercy of these 
walled gardens, as you call it, the LLMs? Are there any guardrails 
which will perhaps come in play later on, or are there any 
discussions with the government where something like this could 
be introduced? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
It may not be right for me to answer that. That would be 
personally my opinion. I would suggest that you read about this 
topic on the net or ask the LLM themselves. 
 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 21, 2026  
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Samarth Patel. Please unmute 
yourself and go ahead with the question. 
 
Samarth Patel: 
Thanks for providing me the opportunity. I had a couple of 
questions. First one is, last quarter you mentioned that silver 
monthly churn was about 7%. Any update on silver churn number 
as of now? And also you had talked about initiatives which we 
were taking in terms of GST verification, bank account 
verification, and some sort of a turnover-based qualification. Any 
of these initiatives has improved the retention metric?  
 
Apart from that, is there churn which is spreading over to the 
older cohorts and not contained to, let's say, first 12-month 
cohort? So any cohort-wise flavour in terms of silver churn that 
you can provide would be really helpful. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
So, two parts to the answer. One is, have we started doing more 
segmented verification and targeting? Yes. Will it result into any 
churn quickly or churn containment quickly? No, because it will 
take some amount of time. We are not completely closing a 
particular segment and moving to 100% because we have to 
migrate slowly and slowly. Whatever will happen will probably 
be visible after a year or so. 
 
From that 7% silver monthly, I think nothing has changed, and 
that's why we are continuing to be negative or flattish total 
number of customers. Yes, the interesting part is the first 12 
months is the biggest issue. Even in the silver tier, we see the 
renewal and retention rate improve double from the second year 
onwards. Most of the churn or retention problem is limited to the 
first-year onboarding itself. Thank you for highlighting that and 
asking that question. What else? 
 
Samarth Patel: 
Question on GST verification? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
GST and bank account, I just told you. With GST verification, we 
were already doing. We are slowly and slowly moving towards a 
GST verification, where IndiaMART becomes 100% GST-
verified marketplace. Bank account verification is the new thing 
that we have started. I am sure in times to come, we will try to 
become a higher portion of the bank account verification as well. 
Now that we have almost 99% email ID, 99% phone verified, 
99% GST verified, at least in the paid customer base. 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 21, 2026  
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
 
In the free customer base, 100% is email and phone verified, but 
GST verified is about 50-odd%. So we are moving towards 80%, 
90% on that direction. Bank account verified, we will start today, 
and I am sure in the next year or so, we will cross 50% plus on the 
bank account. And in the two years' timeframe, we will cross 80% 
verification on that. The bigger question is how do we start to do 
buyer verification? 
 
Because on the buyer side, we used to only ask phone number. 
And now I think it is important that business buyer verification. 
Currently, out of the 40-odd million total active buyers that we 
have, about 10 million only have the GST or verified business 
buyer. Can I increase that number to a substantial number? I think 
that side is still pending. 
 
Samarth Patel: 
Understood, sir. That was really helpful. Just pressing upon the 
buyer side now. The unique business enquiry sort of declined 
11%, and as you mentioned, active buyers were also down by 5%. 
Now, if I remember correctly, you mentioned in the last quarter 
that we already started doing this buyer side OTP verification for 
filtering the bot traffic, etc. So the decline that we are seeing, how 
much of that is because of the verification, and how much of that 
is the traffic migration, any quantification that you can provide? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Very difficult. Out of the 26 million unique business enquiries, 
26-27 million, very difficult to really judge. There is definitely 
about 4-5% decline has happened because of the OTP 
verification, etc. But rest of that, whether it is to do with our own 
change or whether it is to do with traffic migrating to LLM, or 
whether it is to do with the war and U.S. tension, I can't really tell. 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
We can probably take a question from the chat box. Anirudh 
Shetty has posted questions on the chat box. First question is, why 
introduce buyer monetisation now when at present buyer 
enquiries growth is weak? Wanted to understand timing. Is it 
possible to track buyer leads coming from LLM searches? The 
third is, given our large cash balance, any plans to increase the 
stake in existing companies or take new positions? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
We are not introducing paid buyer program as if there's anything 
going to be restricted on the free tier. Paid buyer program would 
probably have some additional features, maybe procurement tool 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 21, 2026  
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
or anything. One, there's no monetisation which is restricting the 
existing 
buyers 
to 
access 
IndiaMART.                        
Buyer access to IndiaMART remains completely free. But even 
then, there are buyers who are willing to pay for value-added 
services. So it is the voluntary buyer program, just like you see in 
the many other programs.  
 
The second part that you asked is the LLM-related traffic 
attribution. It is early days. I think different analytics software and 
different webmaster tools have started to build some sense. 
Google alone has started to build some sense. I think it will take 
about a year or so until the winner-takes-all happens or the 2-3 big 
winners happen. It is difficult for the analytics tools or traffic 
analytics tools or webmaster tools to be able to classify which 
traffic is what. That's exactly what I said about a year ago when 
we stopped reporting traffic, because there's agent traffic, there's 
bot traffic, there's LLM traffic, and it is difficult for people to 
recognise. I think it will take some time.  
 
Regarding the cash balance, we continue to do follow-on 
investments. I think Prateek can tell which are the last few couple 
of follow-on investments that we have done. We continue to 
evaluate any new interesting opportunities. In case they will 
come, we will definitely look at them. Last follow-on investments 
on the timeline, I think, Prateek, you can highlight. 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
So out of the total investments that we have done, we have had 
follow-on investments in Bizom, in Fleetx, in SuperProcure, in 
Aerchain. So they are, let's say, the couple of companies wherein 
we had made the follow-on investments. These investments are 
essentially more driven by the working capital or growth needs of 
these investee companies. 
 
So as and when any kind of an opportunity emerges, then at that 
point of time, we evaluate them and basis the merit, we take the 
decision whether to participate in that follow-on round or not in 
the follow-on round. As and when some follow-on happens, we 
will be kind of intimating it to the exchanges then. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Some of the interesting ones, I think Fleetx, we started at 16- 
17%. Now we are already at 22%. Bizom, we started at 10% and 
now we are at 32%. Similarly, SuperProcure also. So I think many 
companies we have. And last new company was IDfy where we 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 21, 2026  
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
started. That was about one and a half years ago. M1xchange, I 
think has done pretty well. But M1xchange, there has not been 
any follow-on. 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
No. We have a limit of 10%. 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
We have a limit of 10%. We made it back to 10%. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Aman Thadani. Please unmute 
yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Aman Thadani: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I have a few questions pertaining to 
BUSY. The first is, over the last three years, we have seen a very 
good revenue growth, approximately 28% compounded and now 
that is ex of accounting change. That growth is despite a 10% 
growth in license year-on-year, which sort of implies a very good 
revenue per license expansion. Just wanting to understand that 
what has led to this meaningful growth in revenue per license, and 
standing today, sort of what trajectory or sustainable trajectory 
can we look at for the license growth and ARPU growth in BUSY 
over the next five years? 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
So when we look at the overall breakup of the growth, which is 
that 28% CAGR growth that you see, one obviously is led by the 
sales of these licenses. Second is increase in the prices of the 
products. Third is improvement in the overall ratio of customers 
which are renewing year-on-year. And fourth component, what 
portion of these customers are taking on add-on products like the 
mobile app available inside of BUSY. So when you look at this 
growth, it is a function of these four things. And our sense is that 
over the next couple of years, we will continue to maintain or 
improve the overall CAGR growth that we've had. That is what is 
visible. 
 
When you look at a five-year duration, I can say what is it that we 
would want to do more than what is it that we can go back and 
predict from today. We would want this business to become at 
least a 35-40% CAGR business year-on-year. That would be work 
in progress. But over the next couple of years, I think we can 
definitely expect us to be closer to anything between, let's say 27-
30% CAGR growth rate, that we've seen over the last four years. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 21, 2026  
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
Aman Thadani: 
Got it. The license have grown at 10% a year over the last 3-4 
years, but the revenue has really expanded. So going ahead, is 
there still meaningful scope to expand revenue per license? And 
should we assume that the license would stay at 10% growth over 
the next 3-4 years? Is that the right way to think about it? 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
So we are trying to accelerate the growth in the sales of these 
newer licenses, and we are actually migrating from more like 
licensing to a subscription. That journey has already started for us. 
So ideally, we would want to see a higher growth rate of about 
15-20% in the licenses in the immediate year or two. When it 
comes to, whether there is a headroom for better realisation from 
the existing customers, if you look at the value that a BUSY 
customer derives out of a current subscription versus the price that 
they go back and pay currently, there is substantial value which is 
still left on the table. And I think, while this is a slower process 
for customers to accept higher payments, but it is going to 
happen, because the value that customers are getting is 
substantially or disproportionately higher than what they really 
pay for. 
 
What is also going to happen is that each of these customers 
would want to use their softwares on different platforms. So 
currently, let's say, BUSY is available on desktop, and then it is 
available on mobile app. But with the growing requirement for 
customers to use it on the cloud, while they are elsewhere using a 
browser also. So there's a third platform, which is what we are 
preparing a product that will address that. So one single product 
which will be accessible on desktop, cloud, as well as on mobile 
phone. That should also allow us to have a better ARPU coming 
in from these customers. 
 
 So again, as I said, it's a combination of price increases as well as 
the overall, let's say, value-added services that these customers 
start to subscribe for. So these two things put together will give us 
the ammunition to continue to have better ARPU realisations 
from these customers. And that is something which will happen 
over the next 3 to 5 years continuously. It's not just a very short 
term exercise. 
 
Aman Thadani: 
My second question is on the investment piece. Since we have a 
very good track record in making strategic investments. So just 
wanted to understand from you that, is there a rough target maybe 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 21, 2026  
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
in rupees crores on maybe how much we would want to invest in, 
let's say, taking a meaningful stake in existing investments or 
maybe making new investments over the next three years? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Most of these investments were done in 2021 and 2022 time 
frame. Not that we have not done any new investment. We have 
done a couple, but that was our first wave of understanding. 
Because if we go to our strategy slide, we said that we set out in 
2020 around the IPO time, just after the IPO time, that now we 
have crossed the IPO as a journey. So how is the next couple of 
years looking like? So from discovery, we said that, okay, 
accounting and invoicing was one area that we wanted to focus on 
inventory management. So on that side, I think we have made 
significant progress there. We did four investments in the 
accounting side. We started with Vyapar. We were already 
evaluating M&A of another accounting software. So we went to 
and acquired BUSY completely for Rs. 500 Cr. 
 
We also saw that while Vyapar and BUSY are very different kind 
of a company, and Vyapar is a very different kind of a company. 
We also found Realbooks, which is specifically doing business on 
the cloud side. But Tally remains the market leader with more 
than 60-70% market share. And we found that there is a good tool 
on top of Tally which can do a cloud and mobile version of the 
Tally. So we acquired a company called Livekeeping. 
 
Overall, to some extent even the EasyEcom is also having a 
accounting transaction thing. So about 4 to 5 companies we 
started investing, incubating, and today you see each one of these 
have done well like Vyapar has done well. Our thesis has turned 
out to be right.  
 
When we looked at distribution management system and some of 
the enterprise software. Then if I look at the SuperProcure plus 
Fleetx, that as a combination has turned out very well. Even 
Bizom has turned out very well. Airchain is now opening up. So 
there are certain set of companies that is now giving us some 
confidence that, okay, we will double down on some. 
 
But over the time, there are not too many companies where you 
can go and invest them. Because we don't want to become a 
venture investing firm which is investing in hundreds of 
companies. We want to invest in companies where we have 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 21, 2026  
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
conviction and where we feel that either we can help them or they 
can help IndiaMART. It is not only the mere capital allocation 
basic strategy. So as and when we find something very, very 
good, we will do. But as of now, we don't want to become too 
many strategic investments there. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shivam Gupta. Please unmute 
yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Shivam Gupta: 
Good evening. I have a couple of questions. First up, since we 
have this behaviour on the platform where traffic metrics and 
buyer and enquiry metrics are maybe having some headwinds for 
proper interpretation. Would it be, would we not like introduce a 
metric which is more around the quality with which the buyers are 
experiencing it to just give a better understanding?  
 
For example, if let's say, of the number of queries that are coming 
in, how many are actually getting fulfilled or something like that, 
so that we can get a proper picture of the relevance and 
engagement holding up. Because otherwise, these declining 
numbers are getting these questions, which I think is just a 
question cum suggestion. That was my first one. I don't know if 
you want to respond to that. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
One number that we typically give is the repeat rate. So if you see 
90-day repeat, that number is 58-59% as of now. And over the 
years, that number has moved from 50-51% to 58-59%. So that is 
one number.  
 
Because of the fulfilment feedback, as we ourselves keep saying, 
that the fulfilment feedback itself is a survey number. And the 
survey number is not something that we can legally audit and be 
very upfront about it. I can tell you survey numbers time-to-time. 
We get about 2% buyers to respond back to us on the survey, 
whether they ended up buying through IndiaMART. Almost 40% 
of them, 40-45% of them say that, okay, we ended up procuring 
through IndiaMART. But is that number something legally can be 
held? Because it's just a purely a survey number. So that's why we 
do not report it as a quarterly thing. But I think I have told this 
number on the con call multiple times. 
 
Shivam Gupta: 
Helpful. Maybe, moving to my second question, which was 
around the general conversation around AI and LLMs and 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 21, 2026  
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
everything. Just two-parter to that. Heartening to see that like 
you're running the largest AI-driven call centre and all. Maybe if 
you can give a few examples. Since the time that you started the 
whole program around AI, and when the tech started being used, 
what are the big windfall gains that the platform has realised? A 
couple of them as an example would help. And obviously, in the 
context of getting obtaining this churn problem would be helpful. 
 
And the two-parter to that is, the second part to that is, well I 
fully, I think I acknowledge the double-edge sword framing of the 
LLMs. But just a question that even in the era of Google's and 
Meta's and these walled gardens, the Web 2.0 ones, the individual 
high quality data stores still held immense value, and they held 
that value for as many decades as we know. Why would that same 
paradigm be unlikely in an LLM case? And the simple question 
there is that if left to themselves, they can hallucinate still.  
 
And even with, let's say hypothetically, our entire data store is 
available to them, they may still hallucinate on top of that. And 
coming to a real business enquiry kind of a customer putting, let's 
say, real money behind those kind of results, would we not again 
go back to a state where maybe it will be much more helpful for 
them to be querying high quality data stores, like let's say in 
IndiaMART in this case, through some kind of an MCP rather 
than trying to just strip off all the data and respond on their own. 
Thank you. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
So Shivam, on the second part of your question, I can't officially 
answer that from this stage, whether data should be, what can 
happen, what might happen, what should happen. 
 
On the first part of the question, where do we feel the windfall 
gains from the AI can come? So one, obviously, we have seen 
after many, many years, the voice generation has crossed the 
ability of almost getting your work done. You can almost feel like 
you're talking to a human. It won't feel robotic. I mean if you just 
come to proving it, whether it is robotic or not, you can. But your 
work would be done. So that's where I think and we had one use 
case, which was very transactional, highly repeatable, and very 
high value for money, which was the buyer call centre. 
 
We used to get or do almost 80 thousand calls a day through our 
manual call centre used to handle. And we quickly upgraded that 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 21, 2026  
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
to the AI voice call centre. Initially, it did gain us in the price, 
because initially we were talking less. But now that we found the 
voice to be so good, that we started to do buyer verification, buyer 
intent understanding. So we may or may not gain much on the 
cost side, but I think in terms of the buyer experience and in terms 
of the domain knowledge, we are able to do a good job there. 
 
And today, I think we are one of the top companies which are 
using that. Another thing is in the content aggregation and audit. I 
think content aggregation and audit, I mean, AI can do 10x better 
job and 10x faster than whatever human BPO or any parser or 
anything could have done. So now with today's AI, in the audit 
and content aggregation, I think we are able to do a lot of work. 
But it is only the beginning of the value creation, because most of 
the value would accrue towards the end of next year or something 
like that. 
 
The third part is security and/or trust building, because currently it 
is a user declared ID-based trust. But I think there is a social trust 
that we can do because of the content aggregation. So I think in 
that area again, there could be multiple gains that can come. So 
these are some of the low-hanging, high value fruit.  
 
Otherwise, when you look at the more reasoned-out examples, 
like for example, handling complex CRM ticket solution or 
handling complex procurement solutions. So I think those are the 
more complex solution. I think it will take years for people to 
build around that and build the use cases, because the technology 
has taken a complete leap or an orbital change over the last two, 
three years. Whether it is voice, whether it is text, or whether it is 
video, all of it has taken an orbital change.  
 
Moderator: 
This was the last question for the day. I will now hand over the 
call to Dinesh Agarwal for his concluding remarks. Over to you. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for joining our Q1 FY27 
conference call. We have tried to address your queries in the time 
available. If you still have any questions, please feel free to 
connect with our Investor Relations team. Thank you, and good 
evening. Thank you. 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 21, 2026  
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of IndiaMART, we thank everyone for joining us on 
this webinar. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
 
 
Notes:  
1. 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
2. 
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written 
consent of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
