 
August 18, 2026 
 
The Manager,  
 
 
 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
 
 
 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
P J Towers, 1st Floor, 
 
 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, C-1, Block G, 
  
 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001  
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051 
 
Scrip Code: 537259 
 
 
 
Symbol: SUYOG 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Post Earnings Conference Call for Quarter Ended June 30, 2026 under SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI Listing Regulations, we are enclosing herewith 
transcript of post earnings conference call held on Wednesday, August 12, 2026 at 03:30 p.m. (IST) to discuss 
the Un-audited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) for the quarter ended June 30, 2026.  
 
The aforesaid transcript is also being made available on the website of the Company at 
www.suyogtelematics.co.in. 
 
Request you to take the same on record.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Suyog Telematics Limited 
 
 
 
Aarti Shukla   
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: A/a
Ref: STL/SEC/2026-27/DT-26 
Aarti Kamlesh 
Shukla
Digitally signed by Aarti Kamlesh Shukla 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=ba48f6527a51790e9bdd00234dd2638c5b74467ea34
9677c07c706794c459894, postalCode=400084, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=d99e047289ed7fac0ba4bd0a39d6f24f880079e
c7cc09fd689d40f8b2cd80100, cn=Aarti Kamlesh Shukla 
Date: 2026.08.18 11:33:11 +05'30'

 
 
 
SUYOG TELEMATICS LIMITED 
 
Q1 FY27 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
August 12, 2026 3:30 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Shivshankar Lature – Managing Director 
Mr. Ajay Sharma – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Tushar Shah – Business Head (India) 
Ms. Aarti Shukla – Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Call Co-ordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE- This Transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the exchange on August 12, 2026 will prevail. 

Suyog Telematics Limited  
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Presentation 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor 
Relations Team, I welcome you to the Q1 FY27 Post Earnings 
Conference Call of Suyog Telematics Limited.  
 
Today on the call from the management team, we have with us Mr. 
Shivshankar Lature, Managing Director, Mr. Tushar Shah, Business 
Head India, Mr. Ajay Sharma, Chief Financial Officer, and Ms. 
Aarti Shukla, CS.  
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements which may involve risks and 
uncertainties and this is a reminder that this call is being recorded.  
 
I would now request the management to detail us about the business 
and performance highlights for the quarter ended June 2026, the 
growth perspective, and the vision for the coming year, post which 
will open the floor for Q&A. Over to the management team, sir. 
 
Tushar Shah: 
Hi everyone. Good afternoon everyone. I will be starting with the 
presentation followed with Q&A. So, this presentation is about Q1 
FY27, which we've uploaded just a few hours back on our website 
and on our NSE platform. Right now, we will show the critical slides 
over here so that we can get more time for Q&A. So, like, again, our 
share Airtel -- revenue share of Airtel has grown by 1%, so now my 
Airtel revenue is around 48.1%, followed by Vi which has grown 
around 2%, it's at 27% now, followed by Jio, 22.6%, and BSNL, 
2.3%. As you all know, we operate pan-India across all the states 
and union territory. We have 6,100 plus sites and 7,400 plus 
tenancies.  
 
So, the key highlight for this quarter is we started actually receiving 
orders in mid of June, somewhere around 15, 16 June from 
Vodafone Idea. We had declared on the exchange also that we got 
around 600-plus orders from Vodafone, out of which we converted 
95 towers which is equal to 150 tenancies in month of June itself. 
Because this is a quarter ended statement, we have updated numbers 
only up to 30 June. So, in span of say 13 to 15 days-time, we were 
able to convert 95 sites and 150 tenancies, which is one of the 
biggest achievements and we are one of the fastest IP companies to 
deliver such numbers to Vodafone Idea. Basis on our performance, 
we are getting now loading from Vodafone Idea on monthly basis. 
We currently have, after converting 150 tenancies, we have another 
700 tenancies from Vodafone on which we are working and we are 
trying to convert maximum in Q2. But obviously, there will be some 
rain impact in this quarter. But we are trying our best to convert 

Suyog Telematics Limited  
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
maximum sites from 700, which we are having right now in our 
hand. 
 
So, if you see as of Q1 exit, we have 6,103 towers with 7,468 
tenancies and most of the tenancies which came in this quarter was 
of macro site. So macro site numbers have grown much higher and 
we did few kilometres of fibre network in the quarter. So, I had also 
earlier mentioned that we are working on a backup for batteries 
where we would be the first IP company to launch zinc battery. So, 
just to give a brief background. If you are aware, lithium prices of 
batteries have almost doubled in last 2.5 months. The battery which 
was purchasing at the rate of INR33,500 for Grade H went up to -- 
current price is INR48,000. So, which is almost 50% increase in last 
couple of months. And all lithium batteries are imported from China. 
All cells are imported from China. 
 
So, China has removed subsidies, rupee is falling against dollar. So, 
we are having major impact on lithium battery which is increasing 
our cost. So, we have fast-tracked our zinc battery. Zinc battery is 
ready. It's under production right now and we should get first batch 
for around 10, 15 sites in by mid of September. And pricing of zinc 
battery is similar to old pricing of lithium battery. And since it's 
100% made in India, we will not have any dependency of import or 
subsidies from other country. 
 
So, it will ensure that CapEx remains within our budget because zinc 
battery prices are same as VRLA or you can say same as old lithium 
prices. It's one of the much bigger savings which we will have in 
coming years when we do our CapEx. We will be the first IP1 
company to launch zinc battery on a site in month of September. As 
of now no one has even started trials, while we are in phase of 
launching zinc battery on sites. So, this will be one of the biggest 
CapEx saving item for us in current quarter and it's one of the 
biggest take for current quarter.  
 
In terms of way forward, you guys must have seen the results of 
Vodafone and BSNL. We are focused on Vodafone and BSNL 
because they are the ones who are giving us new business for next 
coming few years. Right now, Airtel is not doing any major rollout, 
Jio is not doing any major rollout. Vodafone has already declared 
close to 45,000 site rollout plan in next 18-24 months. They are 
targeting to do 3,000, 3,500 site every month which they have 
already started. And that's why we are having such a huge rollout 
from Vodafone Idea.  
 
In terms of funding from Vodafone Idea, you are aware that they 
have already secured INR6,400 crore funding and they are in a very 
advanced stage from SBI and consortium to arrange another funding 

Suyog Telematics Limited  
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
of INR25,000 crores, INR30,000 crores which will happen in phase-
wise manner. So, Vodafone is moving very aggressively. We are 
getting bulk business from Vodafone and we are very sure we 
should be able to do another -- we should be able to do 3,000 
additional tenancies from Vodafone Idea in current financial year.  
 
BSNL has done a big announcement before few days. They are 
doing a INR77,000 crore CapEx with 2 lakh sites -- which will 
convert to 2 lakh sites in next 5 years. But as of now, I don't want to 
really go deep into BSNL because we all know that BSNL will do 
declaration but their rollout will start very slow then there will be 
billing issues and everything. So, we have kept our stand very clear 
on BSNL. Once they confirm my billing started, we will start rollout 
for BSNL. So, obviously you can expect big numbers from BSNL 
but as of now, unless we get some confirmation from BSNL, we are 
not giving any projects as of BSNL right now. 
 
But yes, there is a huge workload for IP1 companies, close to 2.5 
lakh plus 50,000 from other co-operators, close to 3 lakh towers are 
planned in next 5 years. So, there will be no dearth of work for any 
IP1 company in India. It's, whoever performs better, whoever has 
proper funding can do huge number of rollouts and can double their 
sites every year. 
 
So now we are coming to financials. Revenue for Q1 consolidated 
revenue Q1 FY27 is INR710 million. We have maintained EBITDA 
of 59.3%. So, when we say EBITDA now this EBITDA is a revised 
EBITDA with EV. As you all are aware from 1st April, we have 
changed the accounting policies and we have added electricity in our 
top line. So, earlier EBITDA which was seen was around 70% has 
come down to 59.3% because of addition of electricity in the top 
line. I will also show you comparison of last quarter and last year in 
next slide. In terms of PBT we have INR195 million, net profit is 
again INR145 million which we have maintained. 
 
Probably there is not much growth since our orders started coming 
from mid-June. So, all the growth you will see from coming quarters 
and next year when we do lot of roll-out from Q2 onwards. We have 
an EPS of INR12.37.  
 
So, revenue per tower we have maintained even after a stagnant 
quarter we were able to maintain our revenue per tower where again 
we are above INR31,000 which is one of the high revenue. Now this 
revenue per tower is excluding EV. We are not adding electricity in 
revenue per tower otherwise it will be misleading. So, revenue per 
tower has been constant at INR31,000, INR31,500 for us from last 
four quarters. 
 

Suyog Telematics Limited  
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
This is a comparison. So, what we have done is we have added 
electricity charges in FY26 Q4 and Q1 FY26. So, there is an apple-
to-apple comparison. So, you can see revenue has grown by 6.1% in 
current quarter. If you see y-o-y, we have reached INR70.9 crores 
of revenue compared to INR68.5 crores in previous quarter and 
INR66.8 in the same quarter last financial year. Our total 
expenditure has increased because of this, there was an April quarter 
we have salary increase, there was a CapEx and everything.  
 
In terms of EBITDA, we have INR420 million in EBITDA which 
was INR418 million last quarter and INR411 million in last financial 
year. EBIT again remains strong at 74%. PBT is INR195 million 
and our net profit margin is constant at 20% with the electricity cost 
in picture. So, if you see PAT has been between 20% to 25% 
constantly in last 4 years.  
 
So, I have already shared you change of accounting policy effective 
from 1st April. Reimbursement has been added to top-line - 
electricity reimbursement has been added to top line. Because that 
was a requirement from GST department. And this is a comparison 
sheet for you guys for apple-to-apple comparison. 
 
I think balance sheet is the same FY25-FY26 but since it was quarter 
one, there is no change in balance sheet. It is same what we have 
shown you last quarter. That's it from my side. Thank you everyone 
and we can now open for Q&A. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. [Operator Instructions]. So, we will take the first 
question from the line of Mr. Guneet Singh. Mr. Guneet, you can 
unmute and go ahead please. 
 
Guneet Singh: 
Hello, am I audible? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
Yes, Guneet you are audible. 
 
Guneet Singh: 
So, firstly I want to understand more about this zinc battery project. 
Are we doing our own CapEx? If so, how much? Or is it contract 
manufacturing from someone else? And what kind of revenue 
projections we have from this firm from Q2, Q3, Q4 onwards? What 
kind of EBITDA margins? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
So, Guneet first about zinc battery. We are not manufacturing 
ourselves. We have done tie-up with one of the manufacturers - 
which is GBB Batteries who has plant in Kerala and the promoter 
of zinc battery is based out of US. He was one of the ex-battery head 
for Apple. So, the product has come out very good with him. And 
we are going to -- like we are buying lithium battery from someone; 
we are going to buy zinc battery from GBB. So, it's not that we are 

Suyog Telematics Limited  
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
manufacturing ourselves. We are going to just buy from 
manufacturer. But yes, we would be the first one in telecom industry 
to use zinc battery in next month on sites. 
 
In terms of revenue projections, see I am sharing with you that we 
are planning to do 3,000 sites for Vodafone Idea in current financial 
year. As you know our average is around INR30,000, INR31,000 
per tower per month, excluding EV. So, that would be -- and if you 
take EV, EV would come to average INR20,000, INR25,000 per site 
per month. You can calculate top line also but it's not right for me 
to comment on financial numbers because it's a listed entity and we 
cannot guide your financial number. But as you can derive yourself, 
we are planning 3,000 sites for Vodafone Idea with an average 
revenue of INR31,000 without EV, around INR50,000 with EV. 
 
Guneet Singh: 
Okay, and what are the benefits of this zinc battery? Will our 
EBITDA margins improve? Currently, what price are we buying the 
battery at? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
So, there are 2-3 major advantages of zinc battery. One is in terms 
of pricing. Lithium prices have gone very high. So, for 100H 
Lithium pricing is right now costing INR48,000 and which is 
expected to rise in future also. While zinc battery will cost me 
around INR33,000 for 100H. We normally use 3 batteries on every 
site, 300H. Then it will vary up to 600H, 900H also. In terms of 
efficiency, it will give the same benefit of lithium battery where it 
will be small in size and it has a fast charging and more backup. A 
major benefit compared to lithium is its fire resistant. Lithium 
battery still has a chance of getting caught on fire. Zinc battery will 
not have any fire. It's a fire-resistant battery and that's the benefits 
of zinc battery. 
 
Guneet Singh: 
So, this is for INR33,000 and currently how much are we procuring 
batteries for? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
Right now, the latest cost of lithium battery is INR48,000 for 100H. 
 
Guneet Singh: 
So, basically this will reduce our CapEx. Is that correct? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
Right. And it will reduce the CapEx and also reduce some operations 
cost. It will also reduce my operation cost but yes, major benefit 
would be on CapEx. 
 
Guneet Singh: 
Got it. So, for this current financial year, we only have about 3,000 
extra tenancies from Vodafone or extra towers?  
 
Tushar Shah: 
So, see it's not only Vodafone, 3,000 is tenancy. Now, this is what 
we are targeting right now because Vodafone has as of now declared 

Suyog Telematics Limited  
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
a rollout of 12,000 up to September and they may add another 
18,000. They are planning around close to 30,000 sites in current 
financial year, out of which we are targeting 10% which is 3,000 
based on our financial capability and the visibility once we see 
current financial year. 
 
There is much more, many more business, BSNL may come up with. 
We hope that even Reliance will open soon after IPO. So, 
opportunities are many, huge. But as of now, on conservative basis, 
we are saying we will do 3,000 sites from Vodafone Idea. 
 
Guneet Singh: 
Got it. So, in the current quarter, we just added about you said 150 
sites.  
 
Tushar Shah: 
150, yes, yes. Right. 
 
Guneet Singh: 
And for -- can you give a breakdown for Q2, Q3, Q4? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
So, see right now we are planning, you can take another 3,000 -- you 
consider 2,000 incremental sites. Q2 would be lower. Q3, Q4 are 
always high for me. So, exact numbers I can't give. But yes, totally 
almost 35%, 40% happens in H1 and 60% overall I do in H2. 
 
Guneet Singh: 
Got it. Sir, out of 3,000, if we say 35% happens in H1 that is about 
1,000 to 1,200 tenancies. So, in Q1. 
 
Tushar Shah: 
We are targeting – only thing is that our rollout started from mid-
June. So, let's see how much we can cover up in Q2 because it's also 
rainy season. So, we will try our best to achieve the best numbers in 
Q2. So, whatever spillover is there, we can easily get covered in Q3 
and Q4. 
 
Guneet Singh: 
Got it. And this 3,000, I mean, these are tenancies or…? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
Tenancies. 
 
Guneet Singh: 
Okay. So, out of this 3,000 how many would be on our existing 
towers and how many new towers do we plan to? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
It's very difficult to plan it because we keep getting loading on 
monthly basis. It's not that we get loading for entire year. So based 
on Vodafone planning, but normally it should be 80:20 ratio, where 
80% would be anchor and 20% would be shared. 
 
Guneet Singh: 
Okay. So, 80% of 3,000 would be new towers that we will erect.  
 
Tushar Shah: 
Yes. 
 

Suyog Telematics Limited  
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Guneet Singh: 
Got it. And this 3,000 you are saying it's a conservative figure for 
this year, right? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
Yes. 
 
Guneet Singh: 
And we don't already have the letter of intent or orders for this 3,000. 
That's what we are expecting. 
 
Tushar Shah: 
We have the master service agreements that we sign it with all 
operators, right? But their planning happens as per their budget. So, 
Vodafone has done right now - planned rollout only for INR6,000 
crore which they have received from SBI. So, as and when they 
receive funds, they will start raising the nominal. They will not raise 
the nominal because even they need to arrange their funds back-to-
back. So right now, they would raise nominal only for around 7,000 
8,000 sites or close to 10,000 sites out of which we are targeting 
3,000. So, as and when SBI approves their next set of funds or next 
phase of rollout will start, we will get more sites. 
 
Guneet Singh: 
Got it. Got it. All right. So, basically, I mean the jump in revenue 
should come only from FY28? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
Yes. Because that's the time when we will get the full year benefit 
of the revenue of VI sites. So, you will see margin, you will see jump 
even in Q3 and Q4. But full year benefit we will get it in FY28. 
 
Guneet Singh: 
Got it. So, basically 30,000 plus 25,000, 55,000 into around 750. 
 
Tushar Shah: 
50,000 into the number of sites. 
 
Guneet Singh: 
Yeah. That should be the incremental we should expect Q3 onwards, 
right? Got it. All right, sir. In terms of EBITDA margins, we will be 
maintaining the same or have we seen any cost escalations or…? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
We will have the same EBITDA margin with EV, which I have 
shown right now which is around 59%. We will maintain the same 
EBITDA margin for coming quarters also. 
 
Guneet Singh: 
All right. Thank you very much. 
 
Ajay Sharma: 
Guneet, I also want to say something. You are saying EBTIDA 
margin will be same, yes, no doubt. For the longer period EBITDA 
margin will be the same, but today if you take a look specifically, 
when you do a 10-year long term rental agreement then as per 
IndAS, for the first five years your notional loss is somewhat bigger 
and regular loss -- in the next five years your notional profit 
increases. So, due to that your EBITDA margin is slightly muted. 
The impact has come in the same balance sheet, due to the IndAS 

Suyog Telematics Limited  
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
notional loss. So, you have to consider this point always. Due to the 
working of IndAS your EBITDA gets impacted.  
 
 
Guneet Singh: 
Okay, sir. Got it. Thank you very much. I wish you all the best.  
 
Tushar Shah: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Guneet. We'll take the next question from the line of 
Mahek Talati. Mahek, you can unmute and go ahead, please. 
 
Mahek Talati: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, these 3,000 towers which 
we are targeting from VI, what is your confidence level that we will 
be getting these orders and we will be executing the same case here 
as well? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
Mahek, you are talking about the 3,000 sites from VI, right? 
 
Mahek Talati: 
Yes. 
 
Tushar Shah: 
We are very confident we'll achieve it because right now flow is 
very good. We have been getting – on a daily-basis numbers are 
getting added to our ET and based on our performance, we had a 
meeting with Jagbir Singh, who is their National CTO. We met 
planning team and even Vodafone Central team is very happy with 
our performance. So, as of now, we don't see it -- we don't have any 
reason to say we'll not achieve. Yes, we are very confident. Team 
down the line is absolutely ready. They have been executing site 
daily. Even in rainy season, we have been doing 100 sites frequency, 
150 tenancies in mid-June, which was rainy for parts of India. We 
are very confident. We have execution capacity. We have enough 
funds. So, 3,000 should not be a challenge for us. 
 
Mahek Talati: 
Okay. And what is the current order book from VI like? Is it 700 
1,100 tenancies or 1,100...? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
700 plus, see 700 is existing, it could be 700 and more. We have 
already done 150. Another 700 is my two days ET. My ET keeps 
increasing every day because they keep loading me sites day on day 
out. So as of date, when I am sitting here, it's 700 plus other than 
150, which I have done earlier.  
 
Mahek Talati: 
Okay. And sir, this BSNL order, we have been targeting from March 
like 7, 8 months. Now all of a sudden, we are saying that we don't 
want to comment more on the growth aspect of BSNL because of 
the delay. Can you clarify more on this? What's the reason? Are we 
expecting any order this year or if it gets delayed by next 1-2 years? 
Anything on that side as well. 

Suyog Telematics Limited  
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
 
Tushar Shah: 
So, Mahek, we are very optimistic about BSNL as a company. But 
when I speak on a public platform where investors are there, what 
happens many times when we -- see we also commit based on the 
numbers which we receive from operator. But when I quote some 
numbers to you guys and then we are not able to achieve because of 
operator issue, it comes back to us that why you are declaring 
numbers and you are not achieving. BSNL numbers are very high. 
We already have some orders in our hand which we are not 
executing because of their issues with the Tejas equipment. So 
obviously, we are optimistic about BSNL. 
 
We are expecting some numbers in current year. So, BSNL is a clear 
path of 2 lakhs tower in next 5 years which they have declared on 
public platform 2 days back. So, obviously, when a CMD of BSNL 
declares something, it will be after a lot of planning. But let it come 
on ground. Let them give me a confirmed date by when they want 
to start the rollout, when will my billing start? Then we will share 
numbers with you. It's not that we don't want BSNL. We are very 
happy to serve BSNL. We say as aggressive as we are for Vi, we are 
for BSNL also. Once we get the confirmation from BSNL, thein 
Tejas equipment issues are resolved and they are ready to launch the 
new rollout phase. 
 
Mahek Talati: 
Okay. And so, basically this FY27 we will be ending with roughly 
10,500 tenants. Is that the correct estimate, assumption? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
Right. So, we already have 7,000 plus. We will add another 3,000. 
So, it will be 10,000 plus tenancy. 
 
Mahek Talati: 
And what would be the funding requirement for this and how are we 
funding this? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
As of now, we have enough funds from internal accruals. We are 
not seeing any major fundraising right now. But depends if I get 
more orders than expected, then we may decide on fundraising. As 
of now, we have not taken any call on it. So, whenever right time 
comes, we will come back to you if there is any plan on fundraising 
or anything. 
 
Mahek Talati: 
Okay. And we are expecting 20% PAT margin to sustain this year, 
right?  
 
Tushar Shah: 
Yes. 
 
Mahek Talati: 
Sir why there is a fall in PAT margin from 25% to 20%? 
 

Suyog Telematics Limited  
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Tushar Shah: 
So, when you see year-on-year, there was a VI reversal in the last 
quarter. Last financial year, same quarter, we were having a VI 
reversal of the vendor's provision. That's why it went to 25%. 
Otherwise, it will always be around 20%, 21% with EV. 
 
Mahek Talati: 
Okay. Understood. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mahek. We will take the next question from the line of 
Mr. Divyansh Thakur. Mr. Divyansh, you can unmute and go ahead, 
please. 
 
Divyansh Thakur: 
Hello, sir. Sir, congratulations on the great set of numbers. Also, I 
wanted to ask that you are talking about 3,000 tenancies. How much 
have we done this quarter and how much are we going to do and 
how much is the confirmed tenancies that we have? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
So, you see, first thing, out of 3,000 tenancies, we have already done 
150 in Q1, which I have already shown in my numbers in our 
presentation slides. We have done 150 tenancies. We are already 
working on 700 plus tenancies other than 150. So, while sitting 
today on a call, I have around close to 850 already in my hand and 
there is entire 9 months which are remaining ahead. So, 3000 is not 
a challenging number. We should be able to achieve it. 
 
We have execution capacity. We have finances, funds in place and 
the way Vodafone is going aggressively, the only challenge is right 
now Vodafone has got INR6,400-something crores from SBI and 
warrants. Now, they are awaiting another set of finances or funds to 
be released from SBI and consortium. So, if they are able to secure 
funding, then obviously, 3,000 is 100% doable and which is right 
now very possible because Aditya Birla himself is on the board right 
now and he has declared numbers. So, we don't see any challenge in 
achieving 3,000 going forward. 
 
Divyansh Thakur: 
Sir, so, we are pretty confident that we will be able to do 3000 this 
year.  
 
Tushar Shah: 
Yes.  
 
Divyansh Thakur: 
Okay, sir. And also, just want a clarification on that what is this 
31,000 without EV and 50,000 with EV? Sorry if I… 
 
Tushar Shah: 
No, up to last financial year, our top line was only rent and IP fees. 
We don't used to -- we never used to have electricity reimbursement 
in top line. But due to change in GST guidance, from Q1 we said we 
have added electricity reimbursement in our top line. So, there is a 
change in accounting policies. So, when I ‘m showing you the 
number of revenue per tower, it's without electricity. While my 

Suyog Telematics Limited  
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
books, the number which you saw in P&L and balance sheet which 
is my top line, it's with electricity from Q1 onwards. 
 
Divyansh Thakur: 
Okay, sir. Okay. And we were like there have been news around that 
you know Vodafone, Idea, BSNL both are going now aggressive as 
they have secured the funding. So, what is the -- what is the growth 
outlook that we have and also where are we on the fund raise? I think 
last quarter you talked about that we might be needing money. 
 
Tushar Shah: 
Right. So, in terms of funding, I have already said Vodafone has 
planned to raise INR45,000 crore funding which will roughly 
convert to 45,000 sites coming 18 months to 24 months. They have 
already said they are targeting 3,000, 3,500 sites every month. Out 
of INR45,000 crore, they have secured INR 6,400 crore and they are 
in the final stages with SBI consortium for another set of funds to 
be released from there. So, Vodafone is very aggressive. They have 
been giving me sites. They are giving all other IP sites and Vodafone 
is 100% very aggressive. Vodafone they will ensure their numbers. 
That's what we feel as of now. 
 
In terms of BSNL, we have just seen -- see they don't need to secure 
funds. Their funds come from government. Government has already 
allocated enough budget for BSNL in last year budget itself. They 
have declared plan of INR77,000 crore CapEx for coming 5 years 
which is equal to 2 lakh sites in coming 5 years. Only challenge for 
BSNL, that I am not as confident as Vodafone is because we are yet 
to see resolution of Tejas equipment which they are facing issues 
with Tejas equipment due to which their entire rollout has been 
delayed from past 1, 1.5 years. Once they are able to control or once 
they are able to resolve Tejas equipment we are very sure even 
BSNL will do huge rollout. But let's wait and watch till it comes on 
ground and they start the actual rollout. That was your question 
right? 
 
Divyansh Thakur: 
Sir, where are we on the fundraise part? You had mentioned last 
quarter that we will be behind.  
 
Tushar Shah: 
Divyansh, I just mentioned to you as of now, we are working on 
3,000 tenancy where right now for next quarter we have enough 
funds with us to rollout the number of sites which we are targeting 
but as and if I get more order and if we are able to crack some things, 
if we are able to get more orders from VI or BSNL we will decide. 
As of now, we have not decided whether not to go ahead with 
fundraise or when will we go ahead with fundraise. So whenever 
right time comes, we will surely come back to you guys for 
fundraise. 
 

Suyog Telematics Limited  
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Divyansh Thakur: 
Sir, so basically our whole plan depends on how Vodafone Idea and 
BSNL executes their plan. If there is something that goes not for 
them, then we might be feeling the pressure too, right? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
That's true for every company because all companies are dependent 
on their customer. Whether it's a FMCG product, if customer don't 
buy product, obviously company will only do products and not be 
able to sell it, right? So, Vodafone Idea, BSNL are our customers. 
Yes, we are dependent on our customers for our product. 
 
Divyansh Thakur: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. Thank you so much for answering my 
question. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Divyansh. We will take the next question from the line 
of Saket Kapoor. Saket, you can unmute and go ahead. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Namaskar, sir. As I think so, Tushar ji or I think Ajay ji was 
answering that it is the dependence factor on the customer only that 
will define how the company is going to progress. But if I would ask 
our Managing Director and get a very small understanding, sir, 
actually over the last 18 months or 2 years post this fundraising 
exercise which because of some reasons we could not execute, 
things have just turned down and things are not at all in terms of 
growth and reporting increase in growth and revenue as well as 
profitability.  
 
So, these two aspects of BSNL, the Tejas issue, the Vodafone 
funding, how are we aligning our business prospect for this current 
year and what should investors conservatively should also look 
ahead for this year in terms of profitability. Suppose these two issues 
do not play out positively for the company, then what should we be 
pencilling in going ahead? How will growth then shape up? What is 
the plan B? And some understanding because somebody was 
commenting on a very good quarter, so I could not make sense how 
I will be able to take this quarter as a good quarter. So, if you could 
just clear my doubts, I would be very helpful. 
 
Shivshankar Lature: 
Mr. Kapoor, first of all I will speak in Hindi.  
 
Saket Kapoor: 
I will also speak in Hindi. Sorry for speaking in English. 
 
Shivshankar Lature: 
I want to speak in Hindi because you have rightly asked a good 
question. For the last two years after BSNL, I am basically a BSNL 
contractor and all these things, what happened if you see in the 
market, all the people who had taken up BSNL, their bank balance 
and everything has gone in loss. We were very cautiously watching 
BSNL. Earlier, BSNL had a plan that we will do it in rural. Later, 
their plan was shifted and it came in Bombay-Delhi MTNL in which 

Suyog Telematics Limited  
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
we targeted near about 100 more sites in both areas and achieved it. 
As far as the question is concerned, the growth of 2G, 3G, 4G and 
5G in that travel 3G has totally stopped and 4G has started, and 2G 
still has customers available.  
 
So, I want to say that the company's prospective is of not only 
Vodafone, BSNL and Jio came together the rollout of Airtel is also 
less and more, if you saw the pricing of Sunil Mittal in the last 
quarter, then it had increased. Yesterday, Vodafone had declared a 
dividend. So, when the operators want to take out their 
investment/cost they have a source where they can increase the 
pricing and recover their telecom investment. Second point, we are 
very clear for BSNL and Vodafone and we stopped BSNL for a 
while as Tushar was telling you that till the time BSNL can confirm 
on their CMD level or whatever meetings happen for their fund 
allocation and after that their rollout will start. 
 
So, they have made an announcement that in the next 5 years, they 
will be doing 1 lakh site. So, coming to the real point is that the order 
that we have in today's date is a complete order of VI. We are 
confident in the VI order because we are their preferred partner, we 
have an MSA and they are giving us a 10-year locking. So, as for 
the fundraising, till the time it is not a huge number or until maybe 
in the 2nd or 3rd quarter we don't want to go for fundraising because 
bank fund is also available because every month we are also 
repaying the bank fund.  
 
So our clear and clear vision and focus is that after 3,000 sites of VI 
once our 10,000 number is achieved and our target of touching 100 
cr. profit quarter wise -- sorry year wise so if we go for INR100 
crore per quarter then INR400 crore will be the top line and the 
bottom line we are thinking to grow from ~22% to 24% and the 15 
VI available we can add 4,000 to 5,000 site in the next 3 quarters so 
we are quite confident about that that this number is achievable and 
the issue of fundraising if the bulk order comes from BSNL or 
anyone else suppose Vodafone only says, no we want to add 2 more 
states like MP where we don't have a presence. We have focused on 
5 states Kolkata, Maharashtra, Mumbai, Delhi and UP. Even after 
these 5 states if they add Bihar and MP so if we focus on 5,000 then 
3,000 will be achievable. This is our clear cut strategy. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir I wanted to ask you one point you said you are targeting INR100 
crore revenue quarterly which is INR71 crore yes sir you are 
targeting the revenue and you want to annualize 400 crore, so 71 
crore is the number we have also added reimbursement for 
electricity that percentage and if Ajay ji can tell, then what will be 
the comparison, and when do you expect this INR100 crore number 
from which quarter we can see it in our accounts. 

Suyog Telematics Limited  
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
 
Shivshankar Lature: 
We can see it from Q4. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
We can see it from Q4 and sir you said something about dividends, 
which company declared dividends I missed your point sir. 
 
Shivshankar Lature: 
We said in the AGM to give dividends in this company the dividend 
of Vodafone has also given a dividend of INR14, Vodafone 
company gave dividend. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Vodafone is a loss-making company they gave dividend. 
 
Shivshankar Lature: 
They gave. Suddenly I got the news one of our investors called. 
Indus gave. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Indus gave. Okay. I will come back in the queue, but as an investor 
we have to face disappointment we have been invested for 2 years 
in the company. 
 
Shivshankar Lature: 
There is no question of disappointment, the 18-month standstill if I 
make a agreement to show you the numbers the company's BSNL 
payment issues. So, in that issue you will face problems in the cash 
flow. To get a jump ahead you have to come back 2 steps.  
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, just one point I will not take more time. BSNL as a relevant 
player how much is left on the current pricing Jio, Airtel, and now 
the revival of Vodafone on a pan-India basis how much is left of the 
relevancy of BSNL and MTNL as I am talking to the State of West 
Bengal, I have not heard that people have a connection with BSNL. 
So, your dependence is on BSNL to a higher degree…  
 
Shivshankar Lature: 
Sir, you asked the question of my heart. Our wavelength is the same, 
as I am also saying why I don't see a customer of BSNL. So, the 
simple logic is that the government has not made a company for 
profit. BSNL has been running on the funding of the government. 
So, their officers don't have the mind to make it profitable. Last year 
the minister announced that we will do it in rural and later we will 
divert to urban. It came to MTNL Mumbai and Delhi. So, it is 
possible that their pricing will be cheap. I want to give you a simple 
example ST Mahamandal and Luxury. If you say Luxury, it is 
Vodafone Idea and Jio and the rural network bus is run by the local 
government. So when will there be a profit it is difficult to answer 
this question but I think they are running their show that's all. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay sir. I will wait for the coming time as you are saying, we will 
see your performance. Thank you. 
 

Suyog Telematics Limited  
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Saket. We will take the next question from the line of 
Surbhi Mishra, Surbhi you can unmute and go ahead please. 
 
Surbhi Mishra: 
Yeah, hi. Am I audible? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
Yeah, you are. Go ahead. 
 
Surbhi Mishra: 
Sir, I wanted to ask you, your tenancy ratio is still around 1.2x. What 
will take this from moving forward, 1.5x to 2x over the next 3 to 4 
years? And I also wanted to know if we can increase tenancy on 
existing asset base without proportional CapEx, how much 
incremental EBITDA can the existing tower portfolio generate? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
On an overall portfolio basis, my tenancy is around 1.2. We are not 
targeting 2x as you said. We are targeting to reach 1.8 in coming 3 
to 4 years, so it should be a very decent risk for industry. Now to 
reach 1.8, see whenever we do more of a macro site rollout, there 
are very high chances of coming to a 2 or 3 tenancy, while HPIC or 
small cell set will always have a tenancy 1, 1.1, 2. And now as a 
trend is going, operators are more keen on doing macro site rollout, 
so if you say out of 150 tenancy which I did, all were macro site. 
 
And that's why if you say I have done 95 towers, but I have done 
150 tenancy, which is a very good ratio of 1.8, the Q1 rollout. So 
yes, we are very confident by end of FY28 or early FY29, we should 
be able to achieve the ratio of 1.8 in a sharing, because more or less 
I am doing more of a macro site rollout. And in terms of say, I can, 
rather than putting EBITDA or PAT number, I will just say what are 
my ROI. So, when I do a site with single tenancy, I get recovery in 
3.5, 4 years. But when I come, we come to the 2 tenancies, it goes 
down to 24 months and 3 tenancies goes down to 18 months. So yes, 
there is a drastic improvement in PAT also when I do more of a 
sharing sites. 
 
So yes, there will be jump in PAT percentage, EBITDA percentage, 
when we do more of a sharing tenancy. And we should be able to 
achieve 1.8 in FY29 early quarters. 
 
Surbhi Mishra: 
Also, I wanted to know, you have referred to a 15-year Vodafone 
MSA. Does that actually generate a minimum revenue or does it 
simply provide a framework under which Vodafone may place 
orders? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
All the MSAs of all the operators are a framework and a fixed 
commercial. See, basically, MSA says this is a framework and these 
are the charges, what you can charge me for X type of site. Under 
MSA, they will keep loading my site on a daily basis across India. 
It's with all operators, whether it's BSNL, Airtel, Jio. No MSA has 

Suyog Telematics Limited  
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
a closed end, like I will give you only thousand, I don't give you 
thousands. It's a blanket MSA. You can do any number of sites what 
you are capable of. 
 
Surbhi Mishra: 
And one more question. After the planned Vodafone expansion, 
what percentage of revenue will Vodafone contribute? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
Right now, we are saying we want to take Vodafone to 30%, 32%. 
We are eyeing around 32% of revenue from Vodafone once we are 
able to do these 3,000 or more sites from Vodafone. 
 
Surbhi Mishra: 
Okay, thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of 
Rakesh Gupta. Rakesh, you can unmute and go ahead, please. 
 
Rakesh Gupta: 
Am I audible? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
Yeah, you are audible. 
 
Rakesh Gupta: 
Yeah. So, the company has an increasing highlighted fibre and a 
fibre first strategy. So, what percentage of FY27 revenue will come 
from fibre and what EBITDA margin does fibre generate versus 
towers? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
So, Rakesh, basically EBITDA margin since it's an IP1 model, we 
have a similar EBITDA margin. So not with the EBITDA margin, 
which was there -- without EBIT, which was around 70%, which 
can generate the same EBITDA margins for fibre. In terms of 
revenue, it will be very marginal. Right now, we are focused on 
more of macro sites and more and more sites are coming to rural 
villages where they go on a microwave rather than fibre. And 
Vodafone doesn't have a very strong fibre network on ground like 
Jio and Airtel. So, most of their sites are coming on microwave. So 
as of now, we don't see any major jump in fibre percentage, which 
will be close to 5% to 8% of my total revenue. So, it will remain 
same as it is. Yes, jump would come in coming years where we do 
more of an FTTH, where we do more of a fibre for all operators. But 
in current FY27, there will be no major jump in terms of percentage 
from fibre revenue. 
 
Rakesh Gupta: 
So, is fibre an asset heavy recurring revenue business like towers? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
Yes, I put my own fibre, I put --invest CapEx in fibre and we get 
recurring revenue from operator. My 100% of revenue is recurring 
revenue for IP1 model. 
 
Rakesh Gupta: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 

Suyog Telematics Limited  
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Varun Ghia. 
Varun, you can unmute and go ahead please. 
 
Varun Ghia: 
Hi, sir. So, my question is regarding the Vodafone towers. In last 
quarter, you mentioned that we'll achieve 12,000 tenancies by the 
end of the year. And now you mentioned that it's around target is 
around 10,500. So, what has changed? Like Vodafone is also -- the 
process is in delays or why have you cut the additional 1,000, 1,500 
tenancies in a quarter? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
So again, Varun, I have said that 3000 number is on a conservative 
basis. If you see what I've said, it's on conservative basis, on the 
basis of 6,400 crore which Vodafone has secured from SBI out of 
INR45,000 crore which they eye. So as and when Vodafone comes 
with the clarity of funds, we'll keep adding numbers to our target.  
 
Right now, what we are committing is based on the 12,000 sites 
which Vodafone is going to roll out by September-October. Once 
Vodafone declares confirmed rollout of 30,000 sites, once they get 
additional funding from SBI, we'll increase our target. 
 
Varun Ghia: 
When do you expect that to happen? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
See, last, I think before few days, Mr. Birla -- sorry Mr. Abhijit 
Kishore has himself stated that they are on final stages and they are 
expecting additional confirmation from SBI in coming few months. 
So, whatever they say, what you hear, I ‘ll be hearing the same thing 
from them. 
 
Varun Ghia: 
Okay. And all additional towers, we see the average rental to be 
around INR 31,000. 
 
Tushar Shah: 
So, INR 31,000 is the rental for the MPC, yes. It will be same. 
Revenue per tower will be around INR 31,000. 
 
Varun Ghia: 
And PAT margins, we expect around 20% to stay at these levels? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
Yes. 20%. 
 
Varun Ghia: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take the next question 
from the line of Anubhav Jain. Anubhav, you can unmute and go 
ahead, please. 
 
Anubhav Jain: 
Hello, sir. Am I audible? 
 

Suyog Telematics Limited  
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Tushar Shah: 
Yeah, you are audible. 
 
Anubhav Jain: 
So, my question is that, what is the current status of the 189 BSNL 
site whose billing was pending as of the last fall? And have they 
started contributing to the revenue? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
So, Anubhav, right. So, if you see when we started BSNL project 1, 
1.5 years, it was close to 1,000 sites which were pending. Right now, 
it's 186. So, in this quarter, they have not added anything because 
they are busy resolving their Tejas issue. But yes, 186 site billing is 
still pending, which we are expecting now. The news which we got 
before few days is that more or less their Tejas issues are in control 
and should be resolved soon. So, we can see in Q2, we should be 
able to start revenue for 186 sites. Okay. 
 
Anubhav Jain: 
Looking beyond FY27, once the bulk order of Vodafone 45,000 site 
program is allocated across IPs, what is the realistic annual new 
tower addition that Suyog can sustain? And how are you positioning 
for next wave of 5G private networks and rural coverage? 
 
Tushar Shah: 
Anubhav, can you repeat what you said? 
 
Anubhav Jain: 
Okay, sir. I will repeat it. Looking beyond FY27, once the bulk order 
of Vodafone 45,000 site program is allocated across IPs, what is the 
realistic annual new tower addition run-rate that Suyog can sustain? 
And how are you positioning for next wave?  
 
Tushar Shah: 
If we go in FY28, we are eyeing another 5,000 sites from Vodafone. 
Out of 45,000 sites, we are saying we will do around 8,000 to 10,000 
tenancies from Vodafone in two financial years. So, this year we are 
targeting 3000, next year we are targeting 5000 from Vodafone 
based on our visibility, finances and everything. 
 
And obviously, there is no point, saying some numbers after FY28 
because telecom industry is very dynamic. It keeps changing their 
plans every now and then. Right now, we have visibility of 3,000 
plus 5,000 sites from Vodafone. 
 
Anubhav Jain: 
Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Sir I think that was the last question for the day. Sir, 
would the management like to give any closing comment before we 
end this conference call? 
 
Shivshankar Lature: 
Yeah. Thank you very much all for attending the investor 
conference. We are very confident about our work. And the rollout 
in the last 10 years, we have achieved 7,000 towers and another 
3,000 towers we are in a well situation and well equipped with all 

Suyog Telematics Limited  
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
our staff members. So, we only assure the market that we will 
sustain the growth. 
 
What last two months, two years stagnant is there. We will grow fast 
from this year. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. So, this brings us to the end of this conference call. 
I thank the management for giving us their valuable time and also 
the participants who joined in. So, thank you very much. And this 
brings us to the end of this conference call. 
