 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PFL/2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                       August 24, 2026 
 
 
To 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
               National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower 
 
 
               Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, 
 
 
 
 
               Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
 
               Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 500368 
 
 
               NSE Symbol: PATANJALI 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Ma’am, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call Q1 FY27 of Patanjali Foods Limited (“the 
Company’) 
 
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated August 17, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 30 
read with Schedule III and Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), as 
amended, please find attached transcript of the earnings conference call Q1 FY27 held on August 
17, 2026.  
 
The aforesaid information will also be hosted on the website of the Company at 
www.patanjalifoods.com 
 
It is for your information and records please. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ramji Lal Gupta 
Company Secretary  
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ramji 
Lal 
Gupta
Digitally signed 
by Ramji Lal 
Gupta 
Date: 
2026.08.24 
17:33:24 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Patanjali Foods Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 17, 2026 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E&OE: THIS TRANSCRIPT IS EDITED FOR FACTUAL ERRORS. IN CASE OF DISCREPANCY, THE 
AUDIO RECORDINGS UPLOADED ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE ON 
AUGUST 17TH, 2026, WILL PREVAIL  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJEEV ASTHANA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
– PATANJALI FOODS LIMITED 
 
MR. KUMAR RAJESH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
PATANJALI FOODS LIMITED 
 
MR. PRIYENDU JHA – INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
PATANJALI FOODS LIMITED 
 
STRATEGIC GROWTH ADVISORS – IR PARTNER – 
PATANJALI FOODS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Patanjali Foods Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on the 
date of this call. These statements do not guarantee the future performance of the company and 
may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjeev Asthana, CEO, Patanjali Foods. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Thank you, and good morning to everyone joining us today. A warm welcome to all of you on 
Patanjali Foods Limited's call to discuss the financial performance for Q1 FY27. I am 
accompanied by the company's CFO, Kumar Rajeshji, along with Mr. Priyendu Jha from 
Investor Relations and our IR partners, Strategic Growth Advisors. The results collateral has 
been uploaded on the stock exchanges as well as on the company's website for your reference. 
 
Let me now take you through a quick snapshot of our financial performance for the quarter. 
During the course of the call, we will be referring to the standalone financials. We continued to 
build on this momentum, delivering our fourth consecutive quarter of highest-ever quarterly 
revenues supported by healthy growth in profitability. 
 
Specifically, revenue from operations stood at INR11,337 crores, growing 29% year-on-year. 
Operating EBITDA for the period was INR543 crores with a margin at 4.80%, while profit 
before tax stood at INR453 crores, translating into PBT margin of 4%. 
 
Turning to the segmental performance now, our edible oil segment delivered quarterly revenue 
of INR8,505 crores, marking the highest-ever quarterly revenue with growth led primarily by 
the mustard oil. Quarterly EBITDA margin came in at 5.22%. On the oil palm plantation front, 
the company generated highest-ever quarterly revenue of INR740 crores in Q1 FY27. Revenues 
grew by 25% year-on-year. 
 
This growth is closely aligned with the Government of India's National Mission on Edible Oils 
- Oil Palm, which has strengthened farmer viability pricing and planting assistance to drive India 
towards self-reliance in edible oils. As of 30th June '26, the cultivated area stood at 1,15,861 
hectares with nearly 37% of the area in the prime yielding phase of 7 to 25 years, against total 
allocated area of 6.63 lakh hectares. 
 
Turning now to our FMCG segment, the quarterly revenue stood at INR2,938 crores with 
EBITDA of INR190 crores and EBITDA margin of 6.45% in Q1 FY27. The segment contributed 
nearly 26% of revenues and nearly 30% of EBITDA, excluding unallocable income during the 
quarter. Within FMCG by category, the biscuits generated revenue of INR560 crores, registering 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
year-on-year growth of 27%, reflecting continued consumer trust and preference, with EBITDA 
margin of 15.35% versus 9.35% in the same period last year. 
 
Revenue from consumer staples segment stood at more than INR1,000 crores in Q1 FY27. A 
confluence of weather and geopolitical factors are expected to create some challenges here, but 
healthy government grain inventories and timely policy intervention should help mitigate the 
impact. 
 
The textured soya product division recorded revenue of INR160 crores in Q1 FY27, growing 
14% year-on-year and 50% quarter-on-quarter with EBITDA margin of over 18%. Our beverage 
portfolio generated revenue of INR38 crores, driven by extended summers aided by delayed 
onset of monsoon, as well as new product launches including mango chutney, mango panna 
juice, and orange juice. 
 
Ghee sales were softer during the quarter and generated revenue of INR219 crores, reflecting 
the seasonal nature of demand and lower summer off-take in export-oriented markets, 
particularly in the Middle East, where geopolitical tensions disrupted normal consumption and 
trade patterns. 
Our other food categories including honey, dry fruits, spices and condiments, herbal products, 
etc, collectively generated revenues of INR203 crores during the quarter. Revenue from 
nutraceuticals stood at INR18 crores with sports nutrition gaining significant momentum. Our 
Home and Personal Care business delivered a strong performance with a total revenue of 
INR629 crores in Q1 FY27. 
Within the category, the skin care emerged as a major revenue growth driver and dental care 
inched up on EBITDA and EBITDA margin side. The dental care segment generated revenues 
of INR325 crores, followed by skin care at INR165 crores. Home care revenue stood at INR83 
crores, while hair care and other products generated INR56 crores. 
Let me now give you a brief overview of the operating environment. With a combination of 
delayed monsoon and West Asia conflict, we saw commodity price inflation in Q1. This cuts 
both ways for us. On one hand, we carry long positions in edible oils, so the resulting commodity 
price inflation has actually been a net positive for the business. 
On the other, the same inflation raises input costs for several of our FMCG businesses, weighing 
on their profitability. Net-net, the impact on Patanjali as a whole is smaller than it would be for 
a pure-play FMCG company, though we are operating in a challenging environment through this 
quarter and into the next. 
In edible oils, we had witnessed substantial drop, in veg oil, EBITDA last year; This, year, 
however, we are seeing inflation returning in volatile veg oil markets, driven largely by 
petroleum prices and genuine supply shortages across the spectrum. 
This is working in our favor, offsetting much of the input cost pressure elsewhere in the portfolio 
and keeps us on course to deliver both the growth and the overall margin construct we have 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
guided to for the company, even after accounting for the raw material inflation flowing through 
from delayed monsoon. 
In this dynamic environment, we remain agile on pricing as input costs evolve. We took 
calibrated price increases in the edible oil segment while using targeted discounts in our FMCG 
portfolio to remain competitive. We also introduced smaller pack sizes to address changing 
consumer needs and market requirements. 
This calibrated approach to pricing and pack architecture, helped us navigate the environment 
effectively. Such pricing measures are continuing in the current quarter as well as across the 
industry. Despite some delay in the monsoon, recent data on sowing of Kharif, including rice, 
pulses, coarse cereals, sugarcane, etc, has showcased resilience.Acreage gap has narrowed to 
1.9% vis-à-vis last year. In fact, oilseeds saw a rise in area, which is expected to get further boost 
with widespread rainfall across key growing regions.  
On the input front, the palm oil prices has begun firming in March 2026, remained positive 
following the onset of the war, but turned marginally lower after de-escalation in the latter part 
of the quarter. 
Futures factored in the same and prices turned lower. Still, domestic prices were supported by 
rupee depreciation of 2.5% and again by festival period palm oil prices reached 2-week high in 
mid-August. The soya oil price futures increased by 40% towards the end of March and then 
stabilized towards the end of June, the FOB prices corrected by 6% amidst lower demand, 
leading to a sharper decline in physical prices with further firming similar to palm oil price trend. 
In the current environment, physical-oriented hedging strategy rather than reliance on futures 
alone, along with timely import purchases, helped us in capturing divergence and improve the 
margins. Wheat prices have remained largely stable during the quarter, while milk prices trended 
upwards on the back of higher procurement costs. Sugar prices, too, stayed firm amidst lower 
domestic production and tighter inventory levels. 
Certain Home and Personal Care products continue to face elevated input cost pressures. In 
addition to all this, we saw an increase in packaging, freight, and logistics costs during the 
quarter. Let me now move on to some of the other key business updates for the quarter. I want 
to take a moment to share some updates on our team. 
Our CFO, Kumar Rajesh, was honored with the Best CFO of the Year award at the Asia Business 
Leader of the Year Awards. On behalf of the entire team, I want to congratulate him on this well-
deserved honor.  
During the quarter, we launched several new products including Rose Kanti soap, Dant Kanti 
Sensitive toothpaste, Super Dishwash liquid, Sweet Lime pickle, Almond and Chyawanprash 
cookies, in addition to our summer-focused launches. 
We have also rolled out a range of new Dant Kanti variants that are performing exceedingly 
well. We are increasingly micro-segmenting this portfolio by population, by choice architecture, 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
and specifically to address the Gen Z requirements for the toothpaste. The staples category is 
expected to see the most rural stress-related pressure this quarter, while Home and Personal Care 
overall should continue to grow well.  
On the distribution front, we continue to strengthen our presence across e-commerce and quick 
commerce channels.  
We remain confident in Patanjali's own right to win - health, wellness, yoga, Ayurveda, and 
what I'd call the Indianness of our proposition remain a core differentiated category for us in a 
market that is self-expanding. 
 
We feel strongly and comfortably positioned to keep growing at the pace we have guided to, 
even as the overall FMCG landscape becomes more competitive and different players go about 
it in different ways. I want to reaffirm our full-year guidance range we have laid out for the 
business, edible oil margin construct between 3% to 5% volume growth for the year, food and 
FMCG 8% to 10% growth with beauty and personal care growing at around 15%, FMCG vertical 
EBITDA growth at 12% to 15% for the year. 
On that note, I would now like to open the floor for questions and answers. With this, I conclude 
my opening remarks and hand it over for the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Abneesh Roy with Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Yes, thank you. My first question is on the dishwash. So in the dishwash category, we have seen 
one large MNC temporarily kind of exit the market, and we are also obviously aware that the 
announcement has come that Godrej Consumer wants to exit the liquid dishwash. Currently, 
obviously, this segment is dominated by India's largest company, FMCG company. So wanted 
to understand what is your thought on getting success in this segment, and do you see a big 
potential given the segment is currently seeing less competition because of the MNC vacating? 
Thank you. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Yes, so Abneesh, look, the dishwash is actually a fairly strong both as a category and as a line 
that we have, and it has done exceedingly well. Yes, so we have no intention of either exiting or 
slowing down on that. We'll continue launching on the variants. That market is expanding, and 
to the specific name of the companies that you mentioned, that is more of a personal decision  
that they have made on the corporate level what might have been decided, but we are pretty 
much doing quite well in that segment. I don't have the number readily available specifically for 
the dishwash part of it, but very happy to share that with you post this call. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Understood. My second question is on biscuits. So last six months in biscuit industry, we have 
seen two-three players operating at the odd pricing, INR4.5, INR9. So if you could tell us now 
that mostly everyone has exited, how does this impact the overall growth for the market leader 
and for you also? 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So again, actually  one of the  good success stories of our brand has been that how we have kept 
the quality part exceedingly in control,  kept the unique positioning being the only atta biscuit 
player in the marketplace and have grown that consistently. So the brand of Doodh Biscuit that 
we have in the category of INR5 and INR10, we do almost INR1,300 crores of business annually. 
So it's a huge brand for us. And beyond a threshold, as you would see that even the EBITDA 
margins have continued to expand quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year. So this quarter, for 
example, we did nearly 15% plus in EBITDA on the on the biscuit, and I would say that very 
substantial part of that has been driven by at the back of the success of Doodh Biscuit on 
continued expansion. 
While we balance the portfolio of biscuits by launching as we mentioned that both the Almond 
cookies and the Chyawanprash cookies which were launched, there are a series of slew of 
products towards the premium end of the offering that we are planning, but we are very 
committed, we see a very positive growth in that segment, and we'll continue to remain very 
active in that segment. 
Yes, we might go towards maybe premium Doodh Biscuit, we might look at more variants in 
line with the brand building that has happened over the years, but otherwise we are very 
committed to INR5 and INR10 sort of pack price points at which we are doing, and I think that's 
served exceedingly well the company's objective overall.  
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. Last quick question. When I see your initial comments on staples and your recent media 
interviews, I find your comments a bit on the cautious side. And if I see the Q1 call of other 
staples companies, generally they are reasonably positive. Of course, price hike will further 
accelerate, and on the volume demand side also generally companies are quite okay, no one is 
sounding overtly cautious. So, want to understand one, why there seems to be some difference, 
and second, what kind of price hike if you can tell us you have taken in which categories? Thank 
you. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So, there are two factors which are driving this caution, and I think we'll see that unfolding over 
this quarter and the subsequent quarters. One is that this El Nino impact is still very unclear in 
the way how markets are going to react both on the production side and the availability side, and 
very direct impact of that could be on the food inflation, which is there number one. 
Number two is the rural incomes and the rural market demand side, we'll have to watch with 
great deal of care as to how they play out if at all we see some stress and resurfacing of some 
demand contraction there. I am largely very positive in terms of the price outlook and bullish on 
the commodity pricing, and so that has both sides. 
One is that in terms of the top-line growth it can continue to sustain, so that I'm very much 
aligned on that. But in terms of the margin and the demand side of it, and in terms of how that 
goes out, I think there we'll see some potential challenging environment I see definitely there, 
and this may also have an impact on the on the margin construct. 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
But the most important part is that we still have to see that the reaction on the policy side, we 
need to see back to certain commodities control order and essential commodities, etc. So, we'll 
have to wait for that. I think so that's why I've been a little cautious on that front, but overall 
staples will continue to grow, there's just no question about it. 
So that we are positive ourselves and we have in any case given a guidance of 8% to 10% growth 
on the staples side in the overall food business also, and we pretty much stay true to that. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure, thanks. That's all from me. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Abhishek Mathur with Systematix Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhishek Mathur: 
Yes, hi Sanjeev sir. Good morning and thank you for the opportunity. Sir,  the foods segment 
seems to have recovered quite well this quarter after some time. Just wanted your thoughts on 
what is leading this recovery across both ethnic foods as well as the staples? Seems to be quite 
strong turnaround. Yes, that's my first question. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Yes,  as I was mentioning earlier that we had a very good  both in terms of the volumes and in 
terms of the revenue, so there has been an inflationary sort of buoyancy which has driven that. 
So growth sequentially if I look at the previous quarter itself, the revenues on staples have grown 
almost INR260 crores which is 30% growth, and we grew our ethnic food side where there was 
some contraction that we witnessed. 
But net-net, the overall expectation is that this will continue to grow, partially by volume and 
balance by the price inflation that we are expecting to see across the board. The second part is 
that there was an extra focus on some of the unique product categories that we have like Kesar 
and rice, etc, where we saw the immediate buoyancy in the both the demand side and the pricing 
side, so we benefited from that. And I think we'll continue to drive that to growth. We've come 
out with new variants also, both on the lentils on the pulses side as well as on the side of besan, 
etc. 
So we are seeing some bit of added sort of demand as it is getting driven, and company will 
continue to focus. So while it generates lesser margin, but it is one of the good indicators of as 
to, the reach that it develops and builds up and completes our presence in the kitchen so that is 
something which is a stated target that the company has and which we will continue to sort of 
work towards. 
Abhishek Mathur: 
Right sir. And just as a follow-up, what was the approximate break-up of the growth in foods in 
terms of pricing that you took for the quarter and the volume growth? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So overall, the volume growth has been around 7% to 8% is what we have seen across the 
segment. And so total okay, so I have just got the specific number. The volumes have grown by 
5% and the pricing inflation that came in was almost about 12%. (Note: the previous statement 
was based on approximation, the following statement contains actual numbers) 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Abhishek Mathur: 
Understood sir. And secondly, maybe in case I missed, what was the EBITDA number for our 
HPC, for staples, and for ethnic foods, these three divisions separately, if you can give it out? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Yes, so for ethnic foods our EBITDA was INR9 crores, and for the HPCour overall HPC 
EBITDA was INR122 crores. 
Abhishek Mathur: 
Right sir. And for staples? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
For staples as a category we had negative INR59 crores. 
Abhishek Mathur: 
Understood sir. Thanks, that's it from me. All the best. Thanks. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sanjay with RSS Investments. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay: 
Hello, good morning management team. Sir, my first question is regarding the current situation 
in the case with Ashav Advisory. What is the current situation? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So that we can because it is matter sub judice and we can take it up and we can discuss it post 
the call. 
Sanjay: 
So how should I connect to you, first of all?  
Sanjeev Asthana: 
I said you can take our number from the SGA Advisors and you can reach out to us and we can 
discuss that separately. 
Sanjay: 
Okay. Sir, my second question is regarding the nutraceutical deal going in the international 
market. Are we aware of that? Vitabiotics buying deal, Bain Capital buying?  
Sanjeev Asthana: 
I would not be able to I do not have the specific details of these deals, so I would not be able to 
comment on that. 
Sanjay: 
Sir, for example, Bain Capital buying Vitabiotics at a very huge price. I just want to know your 
comment on that? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So I can give you a general comment, not on the specifics of Bain Capital's acquisition, that 
nutraceuticals is, one of the fastest growing  segments in the health and wellness space across 
the board and this is across the world itself. So yes, I think in India also you are seeing the 
proliferation of brands and companies which have gone into the segment. 
We ourselves did the serious amount of work on nutraceuticals, then we took a step back, 
reconstructed our entire portfolio, started building that up, and we have turned positive now from 
earlier marginal negatives that we were witnessing. We have now turned positive and we 
continue intend to continue to grow that, and I am hoping that it will become one of our stronger 
performing businesses in the future. 
Sanjay: 
Okay sir, thank you. That's all from my side. Thank you. 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rohit Kumar with ADM Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Kumar: 
Yes, so  historically we have seen that TSP is doing well when the when we observe higher 
inflation, food inflation. So are we observing similar trends currently as well? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
No, TSP for us is look, you are right, in fact TSP at a higher commodity inflation tends to do not 
so good. But Nutrela is a strong brand, we nearly have 40% market share. And so this quarter, 
for example, we did INR160 crores of business and we had 18% plus of EBITDA margin on 
that. So because the commodity, the soya bean prices tend to go up sharply and our ability to 
pass through that price increase regularly is limited, so typically it tends to do less better. 
And overall this becoming a hyper-competitive space as well, but we are quite confident that we 
will continue the guidance that we have always given  that our margins will be 16% to 18% on 
the TSP. I think we will be able to maintain that. We are doing a little bit better than 18%, but 
and I am confident that we will maintain that for the year as well. 
Rohit Kumar: 
Okay. And sir, looking at the current environment, how are we looking at the revenue 
contribution from the FMCG segment in coming quarters? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So last year we have done close to INR10,000 crores of revenue,and this year overall my 
expectation is that we will cross that. We have given a guidance of more than 10% to 12% 
growth overall witness. So for example, last year our total sales from overall FMCG  including 
the HPC was INR11,000 crores plus, and this year my estimation is that we should certainly 
cross increase it by 10% plus and we should be somewhere closer to INR12,500 crores in our 
revenues. 
Rohit Kumar: 
Okay. And sir, one last question. If we look beyond the FY27, what are the biggest structural 
drivers that can take Patanjali Foods from its current earning potential to a significantly higher 
ROCE and EBITDA margin business? Will it be FMCG mix or it will be premiumization or it 
will be higher distribution productivity or backward integration or maybe something else? Can 
you put some light on it? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Yes, so look, there are three factors which are driving the growth of Patanjali's businesses and 
profitability. One is our strong momentum that we have on the oil palm plantation. And we've 
consistently shown a growth. This year our anticipation is that we should have a growth 
momentum of more than 15% again on our business and that on a structural basis is going to 
become a large profit generator and a consistent margin generator for the company, that's one.  
Second is there is an effort across the board that the high profit making  businesses like HPC 
and similarly, our Nutrela and biscuits, we will expand our margin construct in that, so that will 
be the big second big driver of the growth. And the third is that in terms of superior risk 
management that we have in terms of the brand building that we do on the edible oil side, how 
do we increase our margin construct typically what we say between 2% and 4% towards 
consistently 5-plus percent will be a big driver of growth. 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
So if you notice that our performance across all the business categories has shown very good 
performance other than one or two blips that we have on the food side, which is also by way of 
abundant caution in terms of some inventory markdown in case of certain quality issues that we 
saw in pulses in the stocks that we had, and the higher the input inflation in terms of packaging, 
in terms of commodity and otherwise, which has had some impact on our overall food business. 
Our margin construct across the board is very strong. 
We continue to perform exceedingly well in biscuits, Nutrela is very good, which continues to 
sort of outdo itself in terms of projections. Nutraceuticals has turned the corner, oil palm 
plantation is doing exceedingly well, our crush business is doing very well, our edible oils 
category is doing very well. The only blip that we had this quarter was on the food side, and 
within food specifically on the staples and partially on the ethnic foods. That we are reasonably 
confident that we'll be able to tide over it. 
There is some challenge that the industry is also facing that we are also facing. So net-net in 
terms of the overall growth momentum, these steps I believe is going to drive our growth in the 
future. And in terms of the next trajectory level of moving closer to INR2,500 crores of EBITDA 
hopefully, I think over next 18 months on an annualized basis, I'm reasonably confident that we 
should be able to head in that direction. 
Rohit Kumar: 
Thank you sir. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Payal Shah with Billion Securities. Please go ahead. 
Payal Shah: 
I just wanted to know how are the newly launched products performing in the industry and what 
is the upcoming pipeline of products that we're looking at? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Okay, okay. So the newly launched products in general have tended to do well. And as you know 
that the success rate is always dependent on factors of the market acceptability, etc. So we do 
have a part that between 30% to 35% of the products that we launch typically do not tend to do 
as well, and then either we tweak them or work through that. But our success rate I would say 
that 60% of our launches typically tend to do well in the marketplace and they take time in terms 
of further attention and drive that we have to give. 
And balance sort of products if we, if they are not up to the level, then either we tweak them, 
either we reorient them and work towards that. So it's I would say two-thirds, one-third is a 
success rate. Our pipeline for new product development I would say is amongst the better 
performing parts of the Patanjali where our ability to innovate and come out with products within 
a quick succession. So our new product development sort of teams are constant work that we do 
in the marketplace. I think is one of the stronger points that we have. 
So you will see in the coming quarter a slew of new products that are getting launched in the 
HPC category, a slew of products that we are working on in terms of the multiple variants that 
we have on the as I mentioned in the initial remarks as well, on the dental care, on the skin care, 
there are large number of products. 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
On the biscuits, we've launched multiple different new products. So I think there's a very strong 
sort of architecture of layered new launches that we'll do, and I'm quite confident that, we will 
see a reasonably good success rate in these newly launched products. 
Payal Shah: 
Okay. Thank you so much sir. That's quite helpful. My next question is competitors are going 
big on e-commerce and quick commerce platforms as a mode of distribution. How are we 
looking at these channels and what kind of revenue contribution can we expect from these 
channels? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So we are fairly strong, as I had mentioned in the past that we're growing at 25% year-on-year 
on the both quick commerce and e-commerce. Currently, if I were to put those numbers together, 
we right now do close to about 15% between modern trade and e-commerce, quick commerce. 
We want to take that number up to 20%, and I'm confident that over next 18 months we will see 
our numbers reaching 20% of the overall revenue through these channels. 
So we are available across the board on all these platforms and we continue to increase our 
presence on that basis. So we've moved up in last 15 months from 12% to 15%, and taking it 
from 15% to 20% is one of the stated objectives the company has on these emerging distribution 
channels and we continue to drive that growth. 
Payal Shah: 
Okay, that's quite helpful sir. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Keshav Harlalka with BHH Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Keshav Harlalka: 
Hi, hi. Thank you so much. Is this Sanjeev Asthana sir I'm speaking with? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Yes. 
Keshav Harlalka: 
Yes, hi sir. So, I was sitting behind you when Ramdev Baba came to BSE in July to give a 
presentation. Just the day prior, our stock price crashed 14%. So, I have a question that we have 
acquired, we have paid INR1,100 crores and we have acquired Patanjali Ayurved's Home and 
Personal Care business. As far we have paid purchase consideration of INR1,100 crores. 
 
So, there is some misgiving in the market that we have overpaid for this acquisition. So can you 
give us some color, can you give some release on BSE and NSE what is the valuation 
methodology we have followed and how shareholders are benefiting from this acquisition and 
how will the numbers look for because we have acquired it in July, I think we'll see the numbers 
from this quarter onwards. So how will the numbers be better and different this quarter onwards 
versus the corresponding quarter previous year? 
 
What is the P/E multiple we've acquired the business at? What kind of earnings addition can we 
see for this new business we've acquired? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So, I'll first of all let me tell you, there is no earning multiple or nothing, it has almost come free 
to Patanjali Foods, the listed entity. We paid on a slump sale basis in November '24 on the 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
business which has generated almost INR600 crores of EBITDA margin last year. So, we if my 
numbers are right, Rajesh ji, what we paid INR1,100 crores or INR950 crores? 
Kumar Rajesh: 
INR1,100 crores… 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So, it is a business of, you know, it was INR2,900 crores. It was generating a margin of INR600 
crores, and we have paid INR1,100 crores which is less than 18, 19 months of profitability and 
which has already in last 18 months it has already repaid that much and built up assets 
substantially. So that answers your question straight up. There was no valuation methodology, 
nothing, it was just straight away on a slump sale basis that we sold we acquired the business. 
Keshav Harlalka: 
So basically Patanjali Foods is quoting at a P/E multiple of 20, so you basically acquired it for 
almost free. So, I'm just saying that if you can give some clarification, some valuation, some 
slump sale that the shareholders have got a very good deal. This price fall from INR415 to 
INR340 is quite disconcerting. So if we can give some clarification to NSE and BSE, some 
valuation, some note which you can give, it will definitely help all the shareholders, sir. This is 
just a suggestion from my end. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
We have done three acquisitions, you know, in in Patanjali Foods, the listed entity. The first one 
that we acquired was biscuits business, then we acquired the foods business, and then we 
acquired the HPC business. All the three businesses we acquired on a slump sale basis, which is 
basically just the assets that we paid for and the inventory that they carried at that point of time. 
There was no valuation methodology, there was nothing. 
 
So, this was almost gifted by the parent to the listed entity and at a slump sale basis, which is a 
standard methodology of how, you know, the transaction can be done under the Indian law. And 
there cannot be a better form of these acquisitions which has tended to help us with the level of 
and they have paid biscuits, for example, has paid multiple times of its acquisition cost, you 
know, the amount of. Similarly, the foods business has already paid off completely what we 
acquired it for, and likewise for HPC that's already paid up for that. 
 
So, I don't think it requires any clarification on this bit because there's a complete, you know, 
misconception or complete wrong piece of information that they carry which just makes no sense 
at all. 
Kumar Rajesh: 
I would like to further add, these information was already given into the stock exchange at the 
time of acquisition of these business to Patanjali Foods Limited. Basically, detailed explanation 
was given to the stock exchange in the shareholders' meeting also. So  all these transaction was 
approved by the shareholders in the shareholders' meeting. So I don't think any further 
clarification is required in this case. 
Keshav Harlalka: 
Got it, got it. Sir, just one last question from my end. Sir, we showed a 84% growth in profit in 
Q1 of this year versus Q1 of last year. So, can we see a similar trajectory going forward for Q2, 
Q3, Q4? Can you give us some light on what we could expect for these coming three quarters? 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
No, so as I mentioned that I think, you know, the performance is subject to obviously the market 
condition, but broadly this guidance that we have given, I'd like us to stay within that, that we 
will grow at the rate of 10% plus year-on-year on the, you know, the on the margin construct 
and that is how it is going as I've already mentioned that foods overall between 8% to 10%, HPC 
at 15%, and our edible oil between 2% and 4%, and our margin construct similarly that on 
EBITDA margins overall basis we should be between 10% to 12% growth in the margin 
construct as we go forward. 
Keshav Harlalka: 
Okay, thank you. Thank you so much, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Sanjeev Asthana for the closing remarks. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So, with this, I conclude the call. I sincerely thank you for your continued support and trust in 
Patanjali Foods. If you have any further queries, please reach out to SGA, our Investor Relations 
advisory. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Patanjali Foods Limited, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
