 
 
29.07.2026 
  
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block – G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  Mumbai – 400 051 
Ph. No. 022-26598100 
Scrip Code : GEOJITFSL - EQ 
To, 
The  Manager,  
 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Ph. No.022 22721233 
Scrip Code : 532285  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Institutional Investor Meetings 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, 
we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Analyst/ Institutional Investors conference call held on 
Thursday, July 23, 2026 at 4.00 P.M. 
 
Please also note the weblink and path for audio recording of the Analyst/Institutional Investors 
conference call at https://www.geojit.com/investor-relations - Investor Presentation - Analyst Call. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
For Geojit Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
Liju K Johnson 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Liju K 
Johnson
Digitally signed by 
Liju K Johnson 
Date: 2026.07.29 
17:29:59 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Geojit Financial Services Limited 
Q1 FY '27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 23, 2026 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recording uploaded on 
Company's website on July 23, 2026 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. C.J. GEORGE – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – GEOJIT FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. SATISH MENON – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
GEOJIT FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. JAYAKRISHNAN SASIDHARAN -- CHIEF 
INFORMATION OFFICER – GEOJIT FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. JONES GEORGE – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
GEOJIT FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MS. MINI NAIR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – GEOJIT 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. RAHUL ROY CHOWDHURY – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, PRIVATE WEALTH – GEOJIT FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. LIJU JOHNSON – COMPANY SECRETARY – GEOJIT 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY '27 Earnings Conference Call of 
Geojit Financial Services Limited. Before we get started, I would like to point out that some 
statements made or discussed on today's call may be forward-looking in nature and must be 
viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that we face. A detailed statement and 
explanation of this risk is included in the earnings presentation, which has been shared with you 
earlier. 
 
The company does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements publicly. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 0 on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Satish 
Menon from Geojit Financial Services. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Satish Menon: 
Good evening. Operator, is my voice clear.  
Moderator: 
Sir, your voice is clear, but you're sounding distant. If you could come closer to the microphone, 
it would help. 
Satish Menon: 
Okay. Thank you very much, operator. Good evening and thank you for joining us today. This 
is Satish Menon from Geojit. On the call with me today, we have Mr. C.J. George, Chairman 
and Managing Director; Mr. Jones George:, Executive Director; Ms. Mini Nair, CFO; Jaya 
Sasidharan, CIO; Mr. Rahul Roy Chowdhury, CEO of Private Wealth; and Mr. Liju Johnson 
Company Secretary. Before I turn on to the quarterly performance, let me briefly touch upon the 
operating environment during the quarter. Despite intermittent volatility arising out of global 
geopolitical developments  investor participation in India financial markets remain resilient. 
 
For a franchise like ours, with deep relations across Tier 2, Tier 3 cities and a differentiated 
assistant led approach, we believe this opportunity in Indian financial markets remain 
significant. Geojit focuses on building life-long customer relationship through advisory, wealth 
creation and cross-selling across multiple products. We continue to guide our transformation 
from a transaction-led booking franchise into a diversified recurring revenue led wealth 
platform. 
 
The transformation, which I had covered in my last investor call, contains 3 strategic pillars. 
One is expanding our recurring revenue through wealth management, PMS, insurance. Second 
is strengthening our NRI business in GCC countries and other countries, including GIFT in the 
DIFC initiatives. And third is the technological transformation to enhance customer experience. 
 
I'll now turn to the quarter 1 financial performance. Revenue for operation in quarter 1 stood at 
INR160.40 crores, which is 11% Y-o-Y growth., profit before tax stood at INR25.99 crores, 
while profit after tax stood at INR19.83 crores. On a sequential basis, PBT grew by 4%, and 
PAT increased by 14%. The company continued to maintain disciplined cost structure while 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
investing in capabilities that are expected to strengthen productivity, customer engagement and 
operating leverage or a medium term. 
 
As you would all recall, which we had stated in our last call, FY '26 was a year of deliberate 
investments across technology, distribution and brand building. These investments have 
continued at quarter 1 with a clear focus of building long-term capabilities rather than near-term 
profitability. 
 
One of the highlights of quarter 1, which I would like to mention is that employee cost is up by 
INR18 crores, primarily driven by expansion of our sales force, recruitment for our DIFC, 
addition to our technology team to support IT transformation and higher employee incentive 
aligned with the growth in the distribution business that we saw in the quarter 1. 
 
We believe this investment will support improved productivity and operating leverage over the 
medium term. Other highlights, The total customer assets increased to INR1.11 lakh crores. Our 
mutual fund distribution continues to outperform with equity market net inflow market share 
improving to 0.473. 
 
It had increased in the last quarter also. And our equity mutual fund AUM increased to 
INR18,501 crores. Our Asset Management Business asset management business also continue 
to scale, our asset management business has an AUM of INR1,778 crores. Insurance distribution 
was a highlight of the last quarter we have collected the gross premium INR103 crores, reflecting 
a continued cross-selling among our clients. 
 
Our lending portfolio margin funding and loan against shares mutual fund increased to INR 755 
crores in quarter 1 of FY '27. To conclude, the quarter reflects the continued execution of the 
investment we initiated last year. While we continue to invest in technology, distribution 
capabilities and people, the underlying business indicators remain encouraging. Growth in 
customer assets, client acquisition, improving mutual fund market share and continued 
expansion of our revenue -- recurring revenue business reinforce our confidence in the long-
term direction of the business. 
 
We believe the investment undertaken over the past year has created a stronger and more scalable 
platform positioning us well to benefit from the India's long-term financialization opportunity 
while creating sustainable value for our customers as well as our shareholders. With that, I would 
like now to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Jeetu Panjabi with EM Capital Advisors. 
I'm sorry to interrupt Jeetu, you're not audible. Could you please use your handset on your 
handset mode? Okay. You are not audible your voice is breaking. I'm sorry, Jeetu, you're not 
audible, would request you to fix the issue at your end and get back in the queue. Thank you.  
 
The next question comes from the line of Arvind Singh with Matryi Investment. So Matryi line 
has dropped. We'll move on to the next participant. Nimish Pandaya and Individual Investor. 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Nimish Pandaya: 
Sir, my first question is, sir, recently, we have added around 30,176 new clients during the 
quarter. Despite industry-wide online moderation in met additions. So, are you seeing higher 
productivity from your branch network, stronger referrals or better digital acquisition? 
Satish Menon: 
Okay. So we will take the second question after I reply to the first question. So most of this 
addition of the 30,000 clients have come through the branch reference only. Not much through 
the digital acquisition. 
Nimish Pandaya: 
Got it. Sir, my next question is -- my next question is, sir, PMS & AIFAUM has reached around 
INR117 crores -- sorry, INR17,778 crores, Given the strong performance of plus, Are you seeing 
any increased interest from HNI investors? And could you put this business scale faster than 
originally anticipated. What's your thought on this? 
Satish Menon: 
So you are absolutely correct. Yield plus which is an AIF scheme under our asset management 
business has done fantastically well. And I understand that there is no other comparison in the 
market. As of now, this product has been sold only to in-house clients of Geojit. We have not 
yet appointed any third-party distributors to distribute this product. It is now 11 months of 
performance. In some time, we will go up to the market to get new clients outside of Geojit also. 
Post which we see this as a fantastic product for us to penetrate into markets where we are either 
not there or very insignificant. . 
Nimish Pandaya: 
Got it. My last question, can I ask? 
Satish Menon: 
Yes, sure. 
Nimish Pandaya: 
Sir, this is regarding revenue. So as you see, sir, revenue from operations grew 11% Y-o-Y, 
roughly around INR160 crores while PAT has increased 14% sequentially. Sir, would it be fair 
to say that the benefits of these investments made during FY '26 are beginning to reflect in the 
financial performance, your view, sir? 
Satish Menon: 
Yes, it has started to reflect. But as we said in our last call, we have invested hugely in people 
and IT and these people are primarily there to acquire recurring assets. Insurance, of course, is 
an upfront income. So you get the benefit of that. But largely, the KPIs for these new people is 
to build mutual fund recurring assets, mutual funds, PMS and AIF, which will go into trails. So 
some of shoots have been seen in terms of productivity. But in terms of covering the cost, it will 
take slightly longer time because most of the other recurring assets are on trail-based revenue. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Jeetu Panjabi from EM Capital Advisors. 
Jeetu Panjabi: 
Sorry for the earlier mishaps. So I have 3 questions. One, you talked about the cross-sell across 
the recurring asset categories. Can you calibrate that on how successful it's been? And two, if 
you were to look out over the next year or 2, where do we do it? Does this pot of assets actually 
go up to 3x, 4x? Or does it go up much less? That's question one. Question 2 is a [inaudible 
0:14:08]  
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt Jeetu your voices is breaking again. 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Jeetu Panjabi: 
Okay. Can you hear me now? 
Satish Menon: 
Yes, it's okay. 
Jeetu Panjabi: 
So. 
Moderator: 
You're breaking up again Jeetu could you please change your location if that would help? You're 
not audible, Jeetu. 
Jeetu Panjabi: 
Is this better? My second question just on the partnerships in the Gulf and the Middle East, can 
you just calibrate what percentage of revenues comes out of that? And how much is that growing 
and how are those partnerships scaling up? And what's the direction you're going to do more on 
that side [inaudible 0:15:10]  
Moderator: 
You're again breaking up Jeetu. Sir, were you able to pick up anything from his question that 
you would like to answer? 
Satish Menon: 
I've got the first and the second question. 
Moderator: 
Okay... 
Jeetu Panjabi: 
So I'll go to the third question. Can you talk a little bit about succession policy where C.J. is 
there, Satish is there, Jones is there. So I'd just love to hear if there's some thoughts on 
succession? 
Satish Menon: 
Okay. I will try to answer your first question on cross-selling. So Geojit primarily started as a 
stock broker so all those clients from 1987 until 2016 primarily came into stock broking. 2016 
is when we started trying to get into mutual fund distribution through SIPs. And 2025, '26 and 
when we started aggressively pushing mutual fund. 
 
So in terms of penetration, when we talk about active clients in broking, when I say active clients, 
it means 1 trade in the last 12 months as NSE per records, -- it is close to 2 lakh plus clients. 
When we look at mutual fund, we have close to 3 lakh plus holding clients. So these are the 2 
largest products we have, and there is a definite cross-sell between people who are holding a 
brokerage account and people who are actually traded in the last 12 months who are giving us 
mutual fund revenues. 
 
I think it was closer to 38%. But on the other 2 products, which is health and life insurance, the 
penetration is too low and is in lower single digits. So we see a lot of scope in selling the 
insurance product as well as still 62% gap in selling mutual funds. So we definitely feel our 
cross-selling prospects are very good and we will continue to concentrate on cross-selling. On 
the question number 2 on JVs, I will request Jones to take up this question. 
Jones George: 
Yes. So regarding the JVs, at this time, we are only booking our share of revenue in the 
respective JVs, except for Oman with subsidiary, Barjeel, which is the biggest JV that we have, 
we only own 30%. So we only book that share of revenue. And same applies for Kuwait as well 
as for DIFC with a subsidiary. 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
 
Sorry. Regarding growth prospects for the Middle East, there is a lot of potential there, which is 
why we continue to invest. However, since March, there has been a lot of pressure in the business 
due to the Middle East conflict and also very recently, Government of India has encouraged 
FCNR as a product line. So that has also affected inflows. But largely, the mood in Middle East 
is wait and watch considering the conflict at the moment. 
C. J. George: 
I will add 1 more point on this  George is here, Barjeel Geojit after getting this license to start a 
mutual fund in UAE, came out of the first fund during this difficult time and the IPO (IPO to be 
read as NFO)  the NFO raised around 20 million plus. Currently, what we also see in the Middle 
East in the short time is another pressure due to FCNR these deposit rates have gone up and the 
leverage that is happening. 
 
So in next couple of months, it will be a slightly kind of a difficult situation as far as the Middle 
East based NRI business is concerned. With regard to succession, as we announced the market, 
I will be stepping down from the office of Managing Director and Jones will take over our MD 
of the company from first of October. Satish Menon continues as the MD of Geojit Investment 
Limited. And the next line as far as the company is concerned on all verticals, we have competent 
professionals who have joined and groomed to take over. So we have a formal succession 
planning policy and this is happening as per the plan. Thank you. 
Jeetu Panjabi: 
[inaudible 0:20:04] 
C. J. George: 
You're again, breaking. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Dhaval Pandya with Areeza India. Please go ahead. 
Dhaval Pandya: 
Hello. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, Dhaval. 
Satish Menon: 
Yes, you are. 
Dhaval Pandya: 
So sir, as we know that you're dominating the Tier 2 and 3 cities, which is the most strongest 
geography of yours in the Tier 2 and 3 cities? 
Satish Menon: 
So we are based out of Kerala. We started our office -- the first office, the first branch in Kerala, 
headquartered in Kerala. So Kerala, all -- as of now, all cities would be in B30 and can be 
considered Tier 2, Tier 3 cities. So we are pretty strong in Kerala. 
 
The second comes to us -- the second state, which contributes -- the second largest is Tamil 
Nadu-- so its Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, Karnataka. It doesn't -- I mean, it's very -- it will 
be not correct for me to get into cities because there are many cities in Kerala. . 
Dhaval Pandya: 
Yeah, I understand. And sir, looking at the current Middle East crises, what will be your view 
on it and looking for -- what the things that you will consider while expanding Middle East? 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Jones George: 
So Middle East, as I said earlier, right now, investors have a hold in a wait-and-watch approach. 
So there is no real investment decision being made at the moment. We are also not investing in 
expansion because of the uncertainty. 
 
However, we understand that as our Chairman earlier mentioned, but deal has set up an asset 
management company on its own and that is able to offer a different kind of product basket. 
That has seen quite a bit of traction in the UAE. The other investments, we will not be pushing 
for expansion at this time. 
Dhaval Pandya: 
Okay. And can you also tell us like what is the opportunity size in the Dubai market that we 
operate right now? 
Jones George: 
Yes. So if you look at just the UAE alone, even within the nonresident Indian segment, the 
investment appetite is quite global. So in a way, it's only half of a client investment share that 
comes to India. So there is -- if you -- our JV in UAE offers different kind of products or has to 
begin offering a variety of products to grow their business. So that is what they are looking at 
right now through the AMC. That is an example of UAE market. The rest of GCC market is also 
quite similar. 
Dhaval Pandya: 
Okay. And one more question. Geojit has been investing has been in an investment phase for 
several years with the continuous spending on technology sales for expansion and distribution 
capabilities. And what stage do you believe the business has reached sufficient scale for investors 
to see a meaningful operating leverage or a strong earning growth? 
Jones George: 
So we will continue to invest, particularly in technology and people for 2 more years. And with 
regard to the results from the investment, I must tell you that once there is some amount of 
stability in the market, particularly in the global market as a result of this global uncertainties 
arising from Middle East conflict. We will see significant progress. So maybe it will take another 
couple of quarters for us to see, but we will continue to have these investments done. 
 
I must clarify one point that we only started the serious investment last year, not long before. So 
it's not many, many years that we started this kind of investment in people. This is a new 
initiative started in 2025 to 2026, and we will continue to invest in people as well as technology. 
You will have to wait for a couple of more quarters because of the -- particularly because the 
Middle East development. Thank you. 
Dhaval Pandya: 
Thank you. Okay. So one last question, if it's fine with you. 
Satish Menon: 
For the operator to decide. 
Moderator: 
Yes, you may go ahead, yes. 
Dhaval Pandya: 
Yes. So the GCC continues to be an important market for Geojit. So could you share how clients' 
assets and client addition from UEA and broader GCC region have evolved all over past few 
years, and whether the pace of the growth has picked up from the following launch of DIFC 
business? 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Jones George: 
So all put together from the GCC, our AUM would be a little shy of $1 billion. In terms of DIFC, 
we have just very recently started booking some business, but it is still quite early stages. As I 
said, there are some challenges because of the conflict there. But otherwise, in the long run, we 
continue to be optimistic because it is still -- the GCC still continues to be a lifestyle destination 
for -- especially the HNI segment. So there continues -- there is a story there and there's a 
potential that we will pursue once there is stability in the market. 
Dhaval Pandya: 
Okay. That's it from my side. Thank you very much for your time and patiently answering my 
call, all questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Yogesh Shroff with Magnus Hathaway Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Yogesh Shroff: 
Thank you so much for the chance to ask the question. Thank you so for the chance. So a quick 
question. I think first is what are the net cash levels in the balance sheet currently? And what is 
the plan for buyback? I think last quarter also, you had said that you are planning on a buyback 
and now that the rules from SEBI have been relax. So what are your views when can we expect 
a buyback to start? And I'll ask a follow-up questions later. 
C. J. George: 
With regard to your question on buyback, yes, that is true that we had made this statement last 
time that we will look at opportunity, but also depends on other opportunities for investments 
like consolidation in the market, a Monday, et cetera. So we will certainly be sensitive about 
these opportunities and certainly at the appropriate time, we will take a decision. And we will 
all come to know about it. The cash at the moment its aroung INR1,000 crores. 
Mini Nair: 
Yes, INR1100 crores out of the 70% is used for MTF lending, our NBFC lending and further 
trading activities like BG and all the rest is invested in FDs, AIF et cetera. 
Yogesh Shroff: 
Got it. And the next question was, I think, we have added a very big sales team over the last 2 
quarters. And when you look at the numbers in terms of new SIP additions or new client 
additions, the pace has actually slowed down compared to the previous years. So what do you 
feel -- what do you see on the ground? Is there like people are not willing to invest fresh money 
right now? Or what exactly is happening according to you? 
C. J. George: 
Yes. To your certain extent, the market has some amount of influence on the SIP -- overall in 
the market itself, the SIP ramp up, But having said this, we are closely monitoring the 
productivity of our sales force. We have certainly scaled up our health insurance distribution, 
life insurance distribution, et cetera, particularly these pension products and fixed income 
products in the insurance side. 
 
And we will continue to do that. And if you look at the numbers -- if the speed has come down, 
but we will continue to work on this, and we are very hopeful that we'll be in a position to scale 
up this. 
Having said this, I must tell you that, we have slowed down all the recruitment because of the 
market development and the global particular the Middle East development. So, we are waiting 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
for further development on this. Currently, we are only doing selectively replacing the resources. 
Otherwise, we have not done aggressive recruitment at this stage. 
Yogesh Shroff: 
Got it. And if you can please elaborate more on an insurance strategy. So how many new clients 
or current clients are also a part of your other ecosystem maybe your broking business or your 
mutual fund business. So, is there -- what's the strategy for insurance business in the longer term? 
Because in a period of time only, we will be able to use out our existing ecosystem in terms of 
insurance. 
So, are we targeting new clients there or it's more of current existing client base that we are using 
for insurance distribution? And if you can just share some numbers around it in terms of what is 
the overlap between the two? 
C. J. George: 
So let me tell you, we are not focusing on new clients at all at the moment -- on insurance, we 
are only looking at cross-selling among our own clients. So, the cross-selling percentage also at 
this moment is very small. It is less than 5%. So, it's a big opportunity there for us to still bank 
on our existing customer base. So, we are not looking at new client’s route for insurance 
business. New client route will be for mutual funds,SIP’s, broking, etcetera, that will contribute. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Yash Parker and Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Yash Parker: 
Sir, my first question is, last year you added nearly 700 employees, mainly in the sales force and 
management had indicated that in FY27, we will be focusing on improving the productivity 
rather than hiring. So, as we have finished the first quarter, could you share how the productivity 
of this relationship managers is progressing? 
Are you seeing improvements in AUM per sales person and -- or product penetration or revenue 
per employee. And where do you expect the full operating leverage from these investments to 
become visible? 
C. J. George: 
So, it answered earlier for another question, it will take a couple of more quarters -- having said 
this, our focus is on cross-selling among our existing clients using these newly recruited 
employees. We are also taking time in training them, and the market situation is also not exactly 
helping, particularly in terms of mutual fund inflows and the SIPs, etcetera. So, we are focusing 
on all these products and training them. 
So, in my view, if the markets remaining like this in 2 quarters, we should be able to see good 
traction. Having said this, let me also tell you that we also look at the productivity very closely 
on a daily basis, and we train them. We also made some changes or that are happening in the 
day-to-day life of new employees. So, it's very, very closely monitored. 
Yash Parker: 
Okay, sir. Sir, my second question is regarding the industry. So, every wealth platform today is 
investing in AI and automation. How is Geojit thinking about using AI, not just internally for 
productivity but also to advisory, quality, customer engagements and cross-selling. So, could AI 
materially impact your cost structure over the next few years? 
Satish Menon: 
I would request Jay, CIO to answer this. 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Jay Sasidharan: 
Thank you. We are definitely investing in AI, and it is across all these areas that you mentioned. 
The area that we started first is around the customer experience space where the way we interact 
with customers and help to onboard them onto various services that we offer. That is where we 
have brought in AI to help go through that process with ease and with speed. That's something 
where we have started. 
And in that space, we are trying to remove a whole lot of manual interventions, automate a lot 
of these processes, bring down documentation and physical forms to be used and a whole lot of 
areas around that. So that's where we have started. That's one area. We think that, that will 
continue to be an area of investment. You talked about research, and you talked about a portfolio 
analysis, and a whole lot of areas around that. That's something that we are looking at very 
closely. AI will definitely come in to help our customers to make decisions faster and better. 
And as an organization, we will have the opportunity to help customers choose on a day-to-day 
basis as markets evolve and respond to market conditions. So that's where the second area of 
focus that you've taken up. The third, of course, is within our organization in operations, and 
how do we make ourselves better and faster. So, productivity improvement is again a key focus 
area. So those are the three areas I will top out. And there is work happening and projects that 
have already taken shape in all of these areas. 
Yash Parker: 
Right, sir. Sir, could you also share what defines on mature Geojit branch from a financial 
perspective? Like how long does it take for a new branch or a newly hired relationship manager 
to reach breakeven? And where are you currently on the journey following the last year 
expansion? 
Satish Menon: 
So, in terms of branch profitability, then it takes around 18 to 24 months generally for a branch 
to get profitable, depending upon the location of the brand. If it is an advantage state for us in 
terms of Kerala, Tamil Nadu breakeven faster. And when we go to north of India and all, it might 
take a slightly longer time. In terms of -- in terms of breakeven for an employee, a new employee, 
it takes anywhere between -- since it is mutual fund, which is on trail, it takes anywhere between 
15 to 24 months, depending on the product you sell. 
So, it's a good market, if you are selling brokerage, you breakeven faster, you can breakeven in 
6 months. But generally, since our focus is on mutual fund acquisition, which is a trail income, 
it will take 15 to 24 months generally. 
Yash Parker: 
Okay, sir. Sir, last question from my end. So, customer assets have crossed INR1.11 lakh crores, 
which is an increase of 15% sequentially. Could you help us break down the increase between 
market appreciation vis-a-vis net client inflows? 
Satish Menon: 
So, most of this increase would have come from market appreciation, because INR1 lakh crore 
is a big amount, but we focus on the recurring assets. Recurring asset of INR26,000 crores. So 
that has grown. And when I look at mutual fund, and which is similar for the other products also, 
mutual fund, we are at INR18,500 crores. And over the year, the net inflows would be close to 
INR2,000 crores. So, most of it has come through net inflows only. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Arvind Singh with Matryi Investment. Please go ahead. 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Arvind Singh: 
So, my question is relating to our performance. So last -- in the last bull market in the capital 
bull market and we haven't performed really well. On the top line, we have barely grown in the 
last 2 years. And on the bottom line, in the last 5 years, we have declined by half. So my question 
is that as investors -- Geojit performance because we have not delivered anything on the PAT 
terms or EBITDA terms. So why do an investors should choose the Geojit as an investment 
option? 
C. J. George: 
It's an interesting question. Let me tell you in our space. We have not been consolidating on 
discount booking and futures and options. That is one segment that has grown significantly. We 
are in the investors market that particular segment of investors -- delivery business and mutual 
fund business, where the trail income is the income. So what we do is we take a long-term view 
our clients. 
And we are very clear about what we are doing. When we do we always talk about transactions, 
transactions are only a means to an end for us for our clients. That means the clients have to 
create wealth. So to that extent, when there is market decline, particularly in the delivery 
business that directly affects us. With regard to mutual funds, it is a prime income business. And 
last one year, particularly, we had announced the market also that we are planning investments 
in people as well as technology to scale up our business. 
And for that, you will see the margins and profitability in coming quarters fully, not in the 
immediate future. So we are doing a calibrated approach as far as our planning is concerned, we 
are focusing on our clients and how to create wealth for our clients. I'm of the view that long-
term investors they should look at Geojit as a long-term wealth long-term opportunity rather 
than a short-term opportunity. 
Arvind Singh: 
Okay, sir. Extremely sorry if I sound repetitive, but sir, in the last year, you have added a lot of 
people, but we are not seeing the results. In the AUM terms of the AMCs have increased their 
AUM almost double in the last three, four years, but we are not seeing any impact on our 
performance. So can you throw us some light where is this gap coming from? 
C. J. George: 
I think with regard to this mutual fund AUM growth, you are mistaken perhaps. Yeah, our market 
share has also gone up in mutual fund net inflows as well as mutual fund the AUM growth. Last 
one year, the number of people have gone up as Mr. Satish Menon mentioned earlier, it takes 
almost anywhere between 18 months to 24 months, if a new resource is focusing on mutual fund 
distribution or SIP distribution, etcetera. 
And particularly when the market is not very -- stock market is not very kind. So it is not that 
we will immediately break even from increased recruitment. The people cost has gone up. We 
are aware of the point that these are investments we're making in the front end. And it will take 
time to breakeven. We have announced this to the market also. We are also making significant 
investments in technology that also will possibly see only in the in quarters in terms of results. 
Arvind Singh: 
Okay. Okay. So got to your answer. When can we see the visibility in our growth in terms of the 
PAT or revenue? 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
C. J. George: 
This is something that I told you that in the next couple of quarters also, you will see pressure 
of expenditure because we are continuing to spend. And the earlier recruitment people have to 
become fully productive and profitable. So this is our current approach to that. As I said earlier, 
we are not hiring at the moment. Because of the market situation, we are only doing necessary 
replacements -- and other than that, we are not hiring. Although our plan was to hire 
aggressively. We are looking forward to the market evolution on this. 
Arvind Singh: 
Okay. Okay. And one last question from my side. Sir, in the -- are we ignoring the broker side 
fully because our review in the online platform is not very great, sir, because our customers are 
not satisfied. So why is there some specific gap in terms of our servicing in the brokerage 
industry? 
Jones George: 
I would like  some more clarity on that in both App Store as well as the Google Playstore as well 
as the Apple App Store. We have our applications are quite well rated, especially on Android, it 
is quite highly rated. Having said that, our applications are undergoing significant change. 
 
If you compare the trading application to what it was two years ago, there is a whole host of 
different feed. We have added significantly large amount of features to it, and we continue to 
invest. In fact, just today, our new account opening module has also gone live within the same 
trading application. So the tech transformation that Chairman spoke about is the final objective 
is to create a single platform for complete investment needs of the client. 
C. J. George: 
So we are not let me come and clarify one point. There is absolutely no question of neglecting 
broking, that's our important business segment. We will continue to focus on -- for example, the 
significant part of the technology investment is going to be broking only. So there is no question 
of neglecting broking that is our main business. 
Arvind Singh: 
Okay. Great to hear sir and I wish you all the best. 
C. J. George: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nikunj Bhanushali with Wallfort PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikunj Bhanushali: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, from the previous quarter, our employee expenses have gone 
down by about 19 crores, 20 crores. What is the main reason for this? 
Satish Menon: 
You are saying it has come down for the March quarter. That is primarily an impact of the 
incentives paid. So if you look at the January, February, March quarter, the large portion of the 
income had come through insurance distribution, where the incentive outflow is huge. The 
comparatively in the April, May, June quarter, the insurance income was less. So that is the 
primary reason for reduction. 
Nikunj Bhanushali: 
Correct. And this is the normal employee cost going forward quarterly? 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Satish Menon: 
Yeah. Yes. Correct. But like our Chairman just said, as of now, the fresh recruitment is slow. 
And we are right now hiring only replacements. Till the time we have a view on what is 
happening in the geopolitical situation and in the markets. 
Nikunj Bhanushali: 
Right. And sir, could you please help me, what is this overseas AUM consists of -- what is the 
breakup for that? Is it into equity, mutual funds? 
Satish Menon: 
These are mutual fund AUMs only. It could be Indian mutual fund as well as overseas mutual 
or trade bearing. 
Nikunj Bhanushali: 
Okay. Alright that’s it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sana an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sana: 
Hi sir, good evening and thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is, if FY27 unfolds 
broadly as management expects. What are two to three operating metrics that you believe 
investors should monitor each quarter to judge whether Geojit is doing is successfully executing 
on that? 
Satish Menon: 
So since we are investing in people and technology to increase our recurring business, AUM and 
income. I think that is the number which investors should track. 
Sana: 
Okay. And sir, one more question beyond adding new clients, how are you measuring 
productivity improvement within existing customer base? 
Satish Menon: 
So in terms of customer, we are looking at how much cross-sell we do to each client. But in 
terms of employee -- we are looking at a net inflow per employee net insurance premium per 
employee net brokerage income per play all those metrics. 
Sana: 
Alright sir. Okay. That answers my questions. Thank you. 
Satish Menon: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Satish Menon for the closing remarks. 
Satish Menon: 
I have no closing remarks as such. So thank you for joining this call. If you have any further 
questions, you can approach the company Secretary. Thank you very much. Have a nice day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Geojit Financial Services Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
