 
 
Linc Limited (CIN: L36991WB1994PLC065583) A: Aurora Water Front, 18th Floor, GN 34/1, Sector-V, Salt Lake, Kolkata- 700091 
W.B., India. T: -91 33-6826 2100 W: www.linclimited.com, E: linc@linclimited.com 
 
10th August, 2026 
 
 
The Listing Department, 
The Calcutta Stock Exchange Ltd. 
7, Lyons Range, 
Kolkata – 700001 
 
 
 
Scrip Code- 022035 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate 
Services, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001  
 
Scrip Code- 531241 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400051  
 
Symbol- LINC 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Post Earnings Call - Submission of Transcript. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Post Earnings (Group Conference) 
Call held on Friday, 7th August, 2026 and the same can also be accessed from the below link: 
 
https://linclimited.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/08/Transcripts-of-Earnings-call_Q1_2627.pdf 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For LINC LIMITED 
 
 
DIPANKAR DE 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
DIPANKAR DE
Digitally signed by DIPANKAR DE 
Date: 2026.08.10 14:43:37 +05'30'

Page 1 of 4 
 
 
 
 
 
“Linc Limited 
Q1 FY '27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 07, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ROHIT DEEPAK JALAN – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR – LINC LIMITED 
 
MR. N.K. DUJARI – DIRECTOR FINANCE AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – LINC LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJEEV SANCHETI – UIRTUS ADVISORS LLC, 
INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISOR – LINC LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANANTHANARAYAN J – SKP SECURITIES LIMITED 
ADVISORS 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Linc Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 4 
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Linc Limited Q1 FY '27 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the management opening remarks. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ananthanarayan, SKP Securities Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Ananthanarayan: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. It's my pleasure to welcome you all on behalf of Linc 
Limited and SKP Securities to this financial results conference call. We have with us Mr. N.K. 
Dujari, Director Finance and CFO; and Mr. Sanjeev Sancheti from Uirtus Advisors LLP, the 
company's IR advisers. We will have the opening remarks by the management, followed by a 
Q&A session. 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Sanjeev. 
Sanjeev Sancheti: 
Thank you, Anant. Good afternoon to all the participants. Before I hand over the call to Mr. 
Dujari for the opening remarks, I would like to draw your attention to the safe harbor statement 
in the earnings presentation. I request each one of you to kindly go through the presentation, 
either now or before the Q&A starts, so that you are well aware of the earnings presentation 
details as well as the safe harbor statement. Request you to go through the same very carefully.  
Over to you, Mr. Dujari. 
N. K. Dujari: 
Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us for Linc Limited Quarter 1 FY '27 Investor Call. 
During the quarter, we delivered a stable performance despite a challenging operating 
environment marked by geopolitical uncertainty and elevated input costs. Operating income 
stood at INR13,895 lakhs, representing a Y-o-Y growth of 1.4%. 
Our business segment recorded varying trend during the quarter. Corporate sales declined by 
14% against a high base in the previous year, while export revenue declined by 3% due to the 
continued impact of geopolitical uncertainty on global trade flows. At the same time, general 
trade grew by 8%, while e-commerce registered a robust growth of 32%, supported by sustained 
demand for our product portfolio and an increasing contribution from LINC On, our e-
commerce-focused subsidiary. 
 
Corporate sales are inherently requirement based and influenced by the timing of order 
execution. Consequently, quarterly fluctuations are characteristic of this segment and do not 
indicate any structural change in the business. The steady growth in general trade and the strong 
performance of e-commerce underscore the continued progress of our brand building and 
distribution initiatives. 
Operating EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR1,209 lakhs with an EBITDA margin of 8.7% 
representing a Y-o-Y contraction of 89 bps. The margin pressure was primarily attributable to 

 
 
Linc Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 4 
 
an increased polymer prices, our principal raw material, driven by supply constraints and higher 
crude oil prices. This impact was partially offset by disciplined cost management. 
 
Looking ahead, we are seeing polymer prices ease, and we expect them to normalize over the 
coming quarters. Alongside this, we will continue to maintain a disciplined approach to cost 
management. For quarter 1 FY '27, PAT stood at INR581 lakhs, translating into a PAT margin 
of 4.2%, representing a Y-o-Y decline of 93 bps. 
Our balance sheet remains strong with net cash position of INR1,194 lakhs as on 30th June 2026, 
reflecting continued financial discipline. Asset productivity remained healthy with fixed asset 
turnover of 3.72x, indicating efficient utilization of the asset base. 
The cash conversion cycle stands at 65 days. Our international growth initiative continues to 
progress broadly in line with our previously outlined plan. -cUNI-LINC, our JV with Mitsubishi 
Pencil Company, Japan, remained operationally stable with export accounting for more than 
50% of its revenue during the quarter. 
 
Operations at our JV in Turkey continues to progress steadily. The development of our 
subsidiary with Morris of Korea remains linked to the commissioning of the upcoming 
manufacturing facility in West Bengal which is expected to become operational by quarter 3 of 
FY '27. 
Sales momentum at our Kenya subsidiary has begun to improve, and we expect this positive 
trend to strengthen over the coming quarters. LINC On has remained stable in the current quarter 
and is expected to gain momentum in periods ahead. While the ramp-up of these initiatives has 
taken a little longer than initially envisaged, we believe the foundations being established are 
robust and well considered. 
 
The benefit of an improving product mix, disciplined execution and deepening strategic 
partnership are expected to become increasingly visible as near-term input cost pressure 
moderates. We remain committed to strengthening the business and creating a platform for 
sustainable long-term growth. 
Given the current uncertainties, we believe it will be prudent to await another quarter to gain 
better visibility before providing formal guidance on our outlook. We remain focused on 
maintaining financial discipline while executing our long-term growth initiatives. 
With that, now I open the floor for the questions. 
Moderator: 
We take the first question from the line of Sapna Devi from Renaissance Investment Managers. 
Sapna Devi: 
I have 3 questions. One is related to the market share. How has our market shares trended this 
quarter? Have we seen any market share gains or dip? And what's the long-term revenue growth 
guidance? And have we taken any price hikes considering the commodity inflation? How much 
of the price hike has been passed on to the customers vis-a-vis how much is yet to be passed on? 
And how much of the price hike has passed through has reflected in the margins this quarter? 

 
 
Linc Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 4 
 
And what is like -- question 2 would be what is the steady-state margin guidance we are 
expecting? 
N. K. Dujari: 
Yes, madam, market share -- as far as market share is concerned, there is no change during the 
quarter because the whole industry was facing this raw material availability issue and higher 
input cost across the manual as well as a few other inputs. Price hike -- as far as price hike is 
concerned, we could pass on around 50% of the price hike to the trade. But we have not passed 
on the entire increase. 
And we don't intend to do that also immediately. We have to take a call after observing the 
market -- raw material price scenario for another quarter, then probably we will take a call 
whether we go for another price hike or not. But as far as the current situation is concerned, the 
prices -- raw material prices have come down. And we don't expect any further -- we feel the 
worst is behind us, but still the future is always uncertain. So we will take a call maybe in another 
few months, what is the scenario in the raw material front. 
 
As far as the margin guidance and overall guidance is concerned, since the situation is quite 
volatile, we would like to wait for a few months. Maybe in the second quarter call, if we have 
some better visibility, so we will be sharing something on that in the second quarter con call. 
Right now, the situation is very volatile. So it is better to be prudent and just take the matter as 
that comes in the future. I hope I have not left out any question from your end. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
N.K. Dujari for his closing comments. 
N. K. Dujari: 
Thank you for joining us today. As we navigate an evolving global environment, we remain 
committed to building a stronger, more resilient business and creating sustainable long-term 
value for all our stakeholders. Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Sanjeev Sancheti: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of SKP Securities Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank 
you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
