 
ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
Allcargo House, 6th Floor, CST Road, Kalina, Santacruz (E), Mumbai - 400 098. Maharashtra. India. 
T: +91 22 6679 8110 | www.allcargologistics.com | CIN: L63010MH2004PLC073508 | GSTN: 27AACCA2894D1ZS 
e-mail id: investor.relations@allcargologistics.com 
 
August 12, 2026 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532749 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ALLCARGO 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the first quarter ended June 30, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30(6) read with Schedule III and 46 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed herewith transcript of earnings conference call held on Thursday, August 6 
2026, at 3: 30 p.m. (IST) for the first quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
The transcript is annexed for your reference which can also be accessed on the Company’s 
website from the below link: 
https://www.allcargologistics.com/cms/quarterlyearningreports/August2026/pqSxOVwudJ9KQfQO7Sh.pdf 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Allcargo Logistics Limited 
                                             
 
 
                                                 
Shekhar R Singh 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. – F12881 
Encl: a/a 
SHEKHAR 
RAMJEET SINGH
Digitally signed by 
SHEKHAR RAMJEET SINGH 
Date: 2026.08.12 11:17:15 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Allcargo Logistics Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 06, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KETAN KULKARNI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ALLCARGO LOGISTICS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. DEEPAK PAREEK – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJAY PUNJABI – INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
 
MR. PUNIT MISRA – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF BUSINESS 
OFFICER – ALLCARGO GROUP 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SUYANSH SAMANT – STELLAR IR ADVISORS 

Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Allcargo Logistics Limited Q1 FY '27 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Suyash Samant from Stellar IR Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Suyash Samant: 
Thank you, Steve. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We have with 
us the senior management team of Allcargo Logistics Limited, Mr. Ketan Kulkarni, Managing 
Director and Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Deepak Pareek, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Sanjay 
Punjabi from Investor Relations. Additionally, today, we have Mr. Punit Misra, President and 
Chief Business Officer from Allcargo Group. The management will be sharing the operating and 
financial highlights for the quarter ended 30th June 2026, followed by a question-and-answer 
session. 
 
Please note, this call may contain some of the forward-looking statements, which are completely 
based upon the company's beliefs, opinions and expectations as of today. These statements are 
not a guarantee of the company's future performance and involve unforeseen risks and 
uncertainties. The company also undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking 
statements to reflect the developments that occur after the statement is made. 
 
Before handing to the management, I would briefly introduce Mr. Punit Misra, President and 
Chief Business Officer at Allcargo Group. Mr. Mishra brings over 3 decades of leadership 
experience across the media, entertainment, and FMCG sectors. Prior to joining the Allcargo 
Group, he held leadership positions at Zee Entertainment Enterprises and Hindustan Unilever. 
 
With that, I would like to hand over the conference to Mr. Punit Misra. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Punit Misra: 
Thank you, Suyash. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Our results 
presentation and press release have been uploaded on the website and in exchanges, and hope 
everyone has had the opportunity to go through the same. 
As we begin FY '27, our approach to scale Allcargo Logistics rests on a very simple belief. It is 
simple but not simplistic in the context of our understanding of what drives value for our 
customers, not easy to execute every day with razor-sharp precision, and it is this. Promised 
service quality delivered drives volume and when consistently delivered every day, it earns the 
right to command the right yield or the price. 
 
On the Express logistics side, the focus is to deeply instill a service quality obsession in our 
teams across the value chain, driven by the simple mantra of everyday great execution through 
brilliant basics. It's powered by our philosophy of one team, one goal, a philosophy that aligns 
every function across the value chain empowered to deliver customer delight. This is not a slogan 
for us, but an operating discipline, and it's the foundation of everything else this business is being 
built upon. That simple systemic discipline is showing up in our numbers, too. Our teams are 

Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
energized by the dictum, deliver the service and deserve the volume. And this quarter, that has 
translated into a 6.7% year-on-year volume growth. 
 
Behind the simple thought, of course, is all the back-end complexity of a customer segment-led 
approach to service delivery, made simpler for execution by our significant investments in 
technology in the end-to-end value chain. And we are driving this volume growth very mindfully 
with customers who genuinely value our service proposition and quality of delivery and are 
happy to pay a fair price for it. 
On pricing, continuing with our customer-centric philosophy, we are equally deliberate. Our 
dictum within the teams is deliver value, command value. We price on the strength of the service 
equation we bring to the table. That discipline has delivered a 6.4% year-on-year improvement 
in yield for the quarter. 
 
We are committed to this self-propelling loop of delivering consistent, high-quality customer 
service, consistently earning the right to win a higher share of their volumes and deserving the 
right to command the price for this consistently delivered high quality of service. This quarter's 
numbers are a testimony that our customers appreciate our belief and philosophy, and we thank 
them for it. It is these simple beliefs that are a source of inspiration and energy for our teams and 
people across the country, and we intend to build upon this energy and momentum. 
 
On the Consultative Logistics business, the story is equally consistent. The business is built on 
trust and retention, which is built by the consistent service delivery parameters delivered every 
day. We closed the quarter with service quality adherence of over 99%, and that consistency has 
led to a 98% customer retention rate. 
The retention rate is the best proof of the confidence that our customers have in us and in our 
execution quality. Backed by the power of our service consistency and customer trust, we have 
expanded our service footprint across diverse industry sectors where existing clients have given 
us the opportunity to expand our business with them. 
 
Our operating philosophy in this business is deliver more from less. It's about delivering more 
to our customers from less, extracting more through high-quality process design, improved 
productivity, better space utilization and technology and automation. This quarter, that discipline 
has delivered a 3% increase in revenue per square foot. 
So, if I were to leave you with one thought, it would be this. Both businesses are being run 
against a clearly defined playbook, high-quality customer service as the focal point, volume and 
customer commendation as the outcome and high-quality yield and profitable revenue as a 
reward for getting the first 2 right. 
We're managing both Express and Consultative Logistics businesses as 2 distinct players on the 
same underlying principle that disciplined service execution is what earns the right to grow and 
grow profitably. 
 
With that, I hand over the call to our Managing Director, Mr. Ketan Kulkarni, who will share 
the details about the industry and our business performance. 

Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Thank you, Punit, very much for the very elaborated commentary and putting things in the right 
perspective. Good afternoon, everyone, to you on the call, and thank you for your continued 
interest in Allcargo Logistics. 
I'm very happy and glad to be on the call once again with all of you all. While the global 
macroeconomic environment continues to be shaped by geopolitical developments and 
economic uncertainty, India's domestic economy has remained resilient and has become really 
the tailwind for the logistics industry. 
 
According to the IMF, India's economy is expected to grow by between 6% to 7%, supported, 
of course, by robust domestic demand and continued investments in the public and private sector. 
The strength of the economy is reflected in our key high-frequency indicators: e-way bill 
generation about 137 million in June, increasing 14.5% year-on-year, GST collections now 
nudging INR2 lakh crores consistently with a 14% growth, together with good consumption, the 
festive season around the corner, starting from September when the country will celebrate right 
into December. 
These indicators reinforce our confidence in continued movement of shipments, goods, 
warehousing, supply chain activity and hence, organized logistics. Against this backdrop, as we 
enter FY '27, our strong growth momentum built over the activities of last year and the result in 
Q1 FY '27 is to deliver a sharper focus on profit and sustainable growth. The strategy is providing 
the best service, strengthening operational discipline and driving structural cost efficiencies. 
All this resulted in a consolidated revenue growth of 11.2% over same period last year and a 
reported PAT of INR14 crores as compared to the loss of Q1 FY '26. The turnaround has been 
something that we at Allcargo Logistics are very happy and proud of. 
Equally important is the investment we continue to make in strengthening our leadership team 
with organization capabilities, not just in people but in technology, in digitization, in 
infrastructure and in automation. 
 
As our business evolves, the depth of our functions and the depth of our capability will be the 
important differentiators, and we are differentiating more and more on that. The first quarter 
reflects encouraging progress on the strategic priorities. We see our playbook being perfectly 
executed by our teams, and that reinforces our belief of sustainable value creation going ahead 
further into the 3 quarters. Disciplined execution, operational excellence and long-term customer 
partnerships will be the pivotal cornerstones of our execution strategy. 
 
Thank you very much. And with that, let me hand it over to our CFO, Deepak Pareek, for the 
financial performance of the quarter. Over to you, Deepak. 
Deepak Pareek: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you, Ketan and Punit  for that start. I'm glad to be on the call 
with all of you today. So, the first quarter represents another step forward in our journey towards 
improving profitability while maintaining healthy growth momentum. On a consolidated basis, 
the revenue from operations for the quarter stood at INR546 crores, registering growth of 11.2% 

Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
year-on-year and 6.2% sequentially. This performance was supported by continued volume 
growth, improved pricing, and disciplined commercial execution across our business. 
 
Consolidated gross profit for Q1 FY '27 stood at INR163 crores, registering a growth of 11.6% 
year-on-year and 6% as compared to previous quarter. EBITDA for the same period stood at 
INR71 crores, registering a growth of 39.2% over Q1 FY '26 and 18.9% over Q4 FY '26. This 
represents the operating leverage created through better execution, productivity initiatives and 
focused improved business mix. I'm happy to share that Allcargo Logistics has registered a profit 
after tax of INR14 crores as against the loss reported in Q1 FY '26. 
 
The Express Logistics business delivered a strong operating performance during the quarter. 
Volumes increased 6.7% year-on-year to 312,000 tonnes, while realization per tonne improved 
by 6.4%. The combination of healthy volume growth and better value realization resulted in 
Express revenues growing 13.5% year-on-year. 
We believe this reflects the benefits of our focus on service quality, customer engagement and 
disciplined pricing. With consultative logistics, although warehouse space under management 
remained stable at 7.5 million square feet, revenues increased 6.1% year-on-year and 6.3% 
sequentially. 
This demonstrates our ability to generate better throughput and productivity from existing 
infrastructure, while continuing to strengthen customer relationships across multiple industry 
verticals. This improvement in our results reflects the continued focus, we are making in 
strengthening the quality of earnings and improving the profitability profile of the business. 
 
Looking ahead, our priorities remain unchanged. We will continue to invest in initiatives that 
enhance customer value and operational capabilities, maintain a disciplined approach to costs 
and focus on delivering sustainable profitable growth. 
 
So with that, we now open the floor for questions. Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Pritesh Chheda with Lucky Investment. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, can you share what are the margins in the Express Logistics business? 
Deepak Pareek: 
Yes, I'm Deepak here. Let me take the question. Thanks. So Express Logistics, we had a steady 
growth in margin. If you see this quarter, both the yield effort and the volume growth has shored 
up the gross margin from the last year number of 25.3% to 26.3%. So there's a 1% improvement 
in the gross margin of Express business in this quarter. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, I was looking for the operating margin. 
Deepak Pareek: 
That's the operating margin. I have referred on the call. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Your company level margin is 13%, and I asked you specifically because there is a -- I was 
looking for the EBITDA margin in Express Logistics. 
Deepak Pareek: 
Okay. So EBITDA margin in the Express Logistics... 

Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Meanwhile, I'll ask the other question. 
Deepak Pareek: 
I'll just come back to you. Meanwhile, you can... 
Pritesh Chheda: 
I'll ask the other question. So just from say, next 24 months or next 2 years perspective, as a 
business, what are your key priorities? What will be the capital allocation? And what are the 
larger goals that as a separate organization post demerger now, have you set for this company? 
So key priorities, more 24-month goals and the capital allocation policy? Because I think one 
business is capital light and the other business is capital heavy. So I just wanted to check on that. 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Ketan Kulkarni here. I will take the question on the key priorities, goals and pass on the capital 
allocation question to my colleague, Deepak Pareek, who is the CFO. So the key priorities of 
the business, as we demonstrated also in our performance is that, number one, growth is a very, 
very key priority for us. And that growth is formalized in a manner that we will grow faster than 
the market. 
So whatever logistics industry growth is, we will be at a percentage point above the logistics 
industry. That's the strive we have for growth. That growth will essentially be based on the 3 
key pivots, which I said earlier, operations superiority, disciplined execution, and long-term 
customer partnerships. 
The goals are that we continue to improve our margins, the question that you had earlier put to 
Deepak, gross operating margins, EBITDA margins and profit margins. So we will only take 
businesses in the aspiration for growth, the businesses that bring value to these 3 parameters and 
customers see us as long-term value partners. Over to Deepak for Capex. 
Deepak Pareek: 
So first, I'll answer your Capex question. So Capex, capital allocation. So if you see our hubs 
and on the Express side, we are well capitalized. There would be constant improvements to the 
existing infrastructure would be around INR10 crores to INR15 crores on the Express business 
front. 
 
On the CL, the capital allocation is a function of new business and warehouse addition of 
warehouse area under management. So we see significant addition has happened in this Q1, 
followed by some retiral of area under management. So that has got offset in terms of Capex. 
However, on the overall amount, if you see there would be around INR20 crores on the CL front 
on the additional CapEx allocation. So that will be the kind of investment which we'll do in this 
year. 
 
And I would come back to your earlier question where you wanted an EBITDA margin breakup 
of 13% into both the businesses, which is Express and CL. So Express is at 6.2% and at CL, we 
are at Consultative Logistics, we are at 29.56%. So that's the breakup you're looking at, right? 
Pritesh Chheda: 
My last question is on the Express margins. So 6% is a fairly lower margin. So where do we see 
this margin? And are there any levers for this margins to expand? 
Deepak Pareek: 
So the levers, which if I do a comparison on year-on-year basis, let's say, from the Q1 last year 
to Q1 last quarter of Q4. So from last quarter, there is a 1% jump, I would say. So the levers we 

Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
have already extracted in this quarter, and there are further journey, let's say, when we did this 
3-year plan vision, which we shared with all of you, we had said it will be 7.5% on the Express 
margin so that we are looking at in this year. And if you see 10% is the target in that plan, so we 
are inching up towards that direction. 
 
In terms of levers, yield enhancement is the biggest lever, which we have and which we have 
effectively used it for a benefit from the Q4 last year and Q1. And steps are done in order to 
continue that growth of yield, which will help us in enhancing the EBITDA margin here. Not to 
say what Ketan mentioned on the cost efficiency and operating efficiency that will also add a bit 
on overall improvement in this margin levels. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
3 year is 10% or 3 year is 7.5%. 
Deepak Pareek: 
3 year is 10%. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And we are at 6% right now. 
Deepak Pareek: 
We are at 6.2%. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pratiti Khara from Param Capital. 
Pratiti Khara: 
Can you please help me understand the other income of INR14 crores, what does this consist 
of? 
Deepak Pareek: 
Yes. Deepak here. Yes, other income is a line item which you saw INR14 crores. It has 3 
components. One is the liquidity interest which we get, that's a normal part. One exceptional is 
the lease closure, which has happened in this quarter. So that's one INR8 crore amount, which 
is the other income component sitting here, plus we have received some income refunds and 
there's an interest component of INR2 crores. So INR8 crores is one thing which is on account 
of lease closure, which is happening. That's the impact there. 
Pratiti Khara: 
So INR2 crores is refunds and remaining INR4 crores is the liquidity, am I right? 
Deepak Pareek: 
Yes. You're right. Normally, this number remains around INR5 crores. So that's the level. 
Pratiti Khara: 
Also our pre-Ind AS adjusted EBITDA comes to around 2.7% after adjusting for depreciation 
on ROU and lease liability finance costs. Where do we see this number going ahead? 
Deepak Pareek: 
So pre-adjusted number coming to an operating PBT number. So I would go back to our plan, 
which we already shared with you. We are sticking to that plan. This year, the trajectory on this 
front is to be in the level of 5% to 6% and improve from there on. 
Pratiti Khara: 
Also one last question, how is the industry growth rate, when we look at logistics? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Ketan here. I'm sure you follow the logistics industry, and that generally grows at a factor of 
1.2% to 1.5% of the GDP - times rather. And you know the GDP is slated to grow between 6% 
to 7%. So the logistics industry by that factor will be anywhere in the low double-digit range. 
So that's what we estimate. And within the industry, the breakup from 1.2x to 1.5x is essentially 

Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
due to the various components of the industry like transportation, warehousing, express, B2C, 
e-commerce, which generally has much better growth rates than the other components. So that's 
how we see the industry. 
Pratiti Khara: 
How about Express? How has Express grown in the last quarter in the industry? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Express growth would be at about low double digit. And our Express performance, as I 
mentioned to you, is better than the industry. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Chirag with Keynote Capital. 
Chirag: 
We are moving in the direction you have already let us know in the analyst meet that we had a 
few times back. One thing I wanted to double check was that the gross margin number that you 
have mentioned for Q1 FY '26, it was about 24%, if I'm not wrong. So can you just check it once 
again? 
Deepak Pareek: 
So which quarter you are mentioning 24, Chirag? 
Chirag: 
So as per your Q2 FY '26 presentation, Express gross margin stood for Q1 FY '26 stood at 24% 
say that has improved to almost 25%. 
Deepak Pareek: 
Yes. So Chirag, I will just give you a backdrop of that. Q2 FY '26, we didn't have the scheme 
effect because those were the Allcargo Gati numbers which you are looking at. What has 
happened now from Q3 FY '26, Q4 '26 and Q1 '27, we have an impact of the merger, which was 
effective from 1st November. So the numbers of these 2 - 3 quarters have been recasted, which 
includes the consultative logistics business aggregation into the margin. So, the margin profile 
has come up to the trajectory of 30% from Q3 FY '26 onwards. So that's the effect of merger, 
which has happened. I think you are looking at premerger numbers. 
Chirag: 
Okay. No, fair enough. Second thing I would like to know if you could give a bifurcation of 
KEA and SME/retail mix in Express? 
Deepak Pareek: 
In the Express KEA, we have I think we have been disclosing that earlier. Now I think we had 
done internally harmonization of all of this, I think - so KEA continue to be in the proportion of 
62% or 63%. Rest all is kind of strategic retail for us. 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Yes and Ketan here. Also the way every organization looks at what is KEA or strategic depends 
on the lens the organization will have in terms of its focus on the market, in terms of its 
geographic focus, strategic direction needs to take with large customers. So necessarily or 
unnecessarily KEA's of Allcargo Logistics would not be comparable to KEA of other logistics 
companies in the same space and similarly for consultative logistics. But nevertheless, as Deepak 
said, the KEA that we account for here are at about 60% of our revenue, retail at about 20% and 
the balance is strategic. 
Chirag: 
No, it was earlier around 80:20 if I was not wrong. But I guess the bifurcation. 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
So that's what I said, we have reclassified our KEA and strategic accounts depending on the 
market condition, how customers have moved from one category to another. So to give you a 

Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
comparison on the last - what Deepak said will not be possible now. But what he defined to you 
is the new classification and the new outlook that we have on our customers. 
Chirag: 
Fair enough. My next question is related to if you can provide a bifurcation between air and 
road, which we used to have earlier in express logistics? in terms of sales and volumes? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
About 95% of our business is road and about 5% is air. 
Chirag: 
Got it. And just last thing, sir, from my side - just wanted to understand the increase in realization 
that has took place about 6.2% in Express. If you could bifurcate the escalation in prices and the 
pass-on prices related to diesel? 
Deepak Pareek: 
Yes, Chirag, I think that's been a challenge. I think the pass on of price increase has happened 
in the month of June. The impact of that will you see in Q2 further. Largely in the first 2 months, 
April, May, it has been an escalation, which has been a natural escalation because of our 
improvement in service deliverable that is the larger component. 
If you see the proportion from 6.3%, we'll not be able to break that into a number. But the natural 
escalation is a larger pie, which would be, let's say, 80% and 20% would be around on the pass-
through of diesel impact. 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
But also, let me qualify Deepak's statement that all the impact from the diesel is passed through 
to the customer because we have a transparent DPH, diesel price hike mechanism that is also 
available on our website. So it's a very transparent mechanism and all that impact gets passed 
on to the customer. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Adwait Javkar with Equipoise Capital Limited. 
Adwait Javkar: 
So correct me if I'm wrong, as you mentioned, EBITDA margin are expected to reach around 
13% for this financial year. Does that imply you expect the EBITDA margin to improve by 
around 1% Y-o-Y over the next 3 years? 
Deepak Pareek: 
That's right. 
Adwait Javkar: 
Yes. The next question is on the e-commerce and quick commerce. So basically, these are the 
fastest-growing segments. So what is your strategy to increase Allcargo's presence in this 
particular segment? And do you expect them to become the bigger contributor to the revenue 
over the next few years? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Very good question. As you know, our company runs 2 divisions, which is Express and 
Consultative Logistics. On the consultative logistics side, we run a lot of sort centers, fulfillment 
centers for e-commerce and quick commerce companies, and it continues to be a very large 
vertical on the CL side of the business, growing very, very strongly. We work with all the majors, 
domestic and multinational. On the Express side, e-commerce entails last mile deliveries, which 
our competitors do. We do not do last mile deliveries for e-commerce or quick commerce. Does 
that answer you sufficiently or you would like more clarity? 

Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Adwait Javkar: 
I just want more clarity about the new customers we onboard particularly for the e-commerce. 
So what kind of business you are expecting from them? And if it is possible, just let me know 
about the revenue contribution you are expecting from them, in the next few years, what are 
your expectations from them? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Sure. So as I told you earlier, e-commerce is a very large business vertical for us on the 
Consultative Logistics side. It is growing much stronger, growing as we expect. And we see that 
as a growth driver on the CL side of the business in the years ahead also. 
Adwait Javkar: 
Okay. So which means - just correct me, so in next few years, your Consultative Logistics 
business will provide a larger revenue or will be equal as your Express business? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Both the businesses, if you see our investor presentation, which we have uploaded, the trajectory 
for both businesses and the entire company has been in the public domain for some time, and 
that's the growth pattern we will replicate and ensure we deliver. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ahmed Madha with Unifi Capital. 
Ahmed Madha: 
So 2 questions. Firstly, in terms of pricing improvement, realization improvement which you 
have spoken about, and so can you give some sense what is driving that apart from the cost 
inflation? 
Deepak Pareek: 
So yes, cost inflation was visible based on the fuel price increase, which happened in mid-May 
sometime. So the price improvement exercise is not the recent phenomenon, we started last year 
itself pursuant to our service level improvement from November, December last year. And that 
has been a continuous approach in terms of dealing with large customers to price in our services, 
so that was always there. 
 
To add to that, the cost inflation, which with the risk of cost inflation we started from March 
onwards and that was actually a reality from May, June onwards. That has kind of helped us in 
ensuring that the EBITDA margin is enhanced because we were way ahead in taking this price 
action, price improvement and realization strategy. So going ahead, inflation, we are mindful.  
It will continue and the steadiness what Ketan mentioned that in terms of the diesel price 
increase, which is a pass-through with our customers and vendors. So that is already insulated 
in the month of June and going ahead. And this price improvement and realization exercise is 
shoring up our EBITDA margin, as you saw in this first quarter, will continue in this Q2 also. 
Ahmed Madha: 
The question comes from - this is a very competitive industry as a whole. And we have seen sort 
of margins coming down for a lot of industry players over the last few years. What is enabling 
the industry and you to improve the pricing? What are the factors involved at the industry level? 
Or is it very company specific? And you can a little bit maybe give some granular understanding 
what is enabling the price improvement? 
Deepak Pareek: 
I will start and then I will ask Ketan to add on more insights actually. So if you see Express and 
Consultative Logistics, I think the pricing inflation, one is from the fuel increase and also on the 
labor cost, there has been an inflation challenge, which we have been facing in this quarter. 

Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Industry which we operate, auto, pharma or heavy engineering equipment - all our customers 
are mindful of our services. They value our service, and it's logistics is an indispensable service 
actually. 
 
So in terms of price push and price realization, that challenge is well accepted. And it's a very 
essential requirement. So though any cost push increase from - and it's very open market. What 
is the cost increase happened, the customers also face them. 
So to that extent, the challenges are insulated and there is the customer base, which we see large 
key customers and also on CL, we have more or less all large customers are there international 
MNC customers where they understand the ground challenges and the price push is well 
accepted, which includes the insulation of the cost - the cost inflation also. Ketan, if you want to 
add? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Yes. I think Deepak covered it very well. I think price is always a factor of the value that you 
bring to the customers' business. And in that sense, because of our improving service quality, 
customer centricity and the focus that we have had over the year and more, our business is so 
much dependent on 2 or 3 key areas. 
One is fuel that is a transparent DPH mechanism. The people cost with minimum wages going 
across the country, that is also a pass-through mechanism. We deploy the annual GPI exercise. 
We charge for various value-added services that we do for the customer. 
 
So all this kind of works in the back end with our data science team who study how the price 
moves, which verticals are impacted by the price seeing in granularity, which customers on the 
CL side and much more granularity, which OD pairs we operate on the Express side of the 
business. 
So all this kind of sums up together and decides what price is very, very competitive for the 
services we offer, and that's the one we are able to bring back to the business to make it much 
more profitable. I hope both of us have answered to your satisfaction. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Yes, yes. Second question on the cost structure. If I go back last year's P&L, overall OpEx was 
more or less steady rather down. This year also, the cost control has been really great. So can 
you explain what are the key drivers that is enabling us to control the cost structure despite 
growing volumes at the pace you did in Q1? 
Deepak Pareek: 
Yes, cost efficiency is a regular exercise. As you know, logistics we have - that's a very important 
element of EBITDA accretion. The focus has always been there to - if you talk on the efficiency 
on the express side, ensuring that the capacity is well utilized. You don't have vehicles which 
are running under capacity, also the lane network planning, all those exercise goes into in-depth 
exercise goes into this. 
Also the basket of our vendors, whether it is line haul, feeder trucks or the ground operations, 
which you call GA business partners and all. You need to have a load management factor 
planning done with them so that you get the efficiency of pricing addressed in your operation. 

Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
 
Last year, we did a huge step in not only operating costs, but also on the SG&A front, where on 
the administrative costs and other areas, we rationalized quite a bit of the cost elements. I would 
not go line by line, but I think broadly, those philosophies and the models which we already put 
in place, we are taking it in play on - as we go in this quarter also. 
Also on the Consultative Logistics front, labor costs, warehouse labor cost is a large component, 
where also if you see with what Ketan mentioned about the minimum wage hike increase, which 
kind of works as a pass-through mechanism. But within that also, ensuring the productivity of 
your workforce in terms of handling of load and all that has been optimized or managed in a 
very - with all those tech modules to manage all of that has been very helpful in ensuring the 
cost control. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Third question was to understand the space under management which you have in your 
Consultative Logistics. If I go back 3 quarters, it was about 8.4 million square feet, and that 
number has come off gradually over the last 3 quarters. Can you give some sense, is there a 
deliberate intent to improve the quality of business? Or have we lost some market share? How 
do you see the overall volume under the business changing over the next few quarters and years? 
Deepak Pareek: 
Volume would not be impacted. So if you see the space, if you see Q1 FY '26, we were at 7.5 
million square feet. We increased -- there was an increase in this year to 8 million, which is 
actually 60,000 square - so that's one increase. What has happened in the months when we started 
this year, 2 large warehouses we did action in terms of reducing the white space impact. So that 
was one deliberate attempt by us to reduce that white space as a cost. 
 
So that will again help in our EBITDA enhancement in this year, which has already helped - this 
has no impact on revenue generation capability or any further business enhancement. So 
consolidation has been always a thought process, as Ketan mentioned in his opening and also 
Punit covered it. Productivity, as I covered earlier, will also ensure the efficiency and also - so 
all of this will ensure that the existing space is fully spread out and we get more realization per 
square feet as we go in this current year. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Last, just a request from my side. Please make sure that you can share disclosures around the 
segmental breakup in terms of air, surface, also in terms of the EBITDA margins for both the 
business segments. And thirdly if you can give the EBITDA bridge from pre-Ind AS to post-Ind 
AS. If those disclosures are there, then it's helpful to understand and analyze the business, which 
I believe were till last few quarters. So if you can do that, that would be helpful. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Anshul at Emkay Global. 
Anshul: 
First, just needed a clarification. Did we mention that EBITDA margins in Consultative 
Logistics are around 29.5%? 
Deepak Pareek: 
Yes, that's right. 
Anshul: 
Sir, has there been a sharp jump or spike in these margin levels? Or has the trajectory been 
similar? These seems slightly - if not slightly, these seem higher than what probably other - some 

Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
of our peers sort of suggest. So just wanted to get some sense as to whether these margins have 
sort of increased recently or have they trended in similar range? 
Deepak Pareek: 
No, Anshul, the margin has been trending in a similar range from Q1, Q4 numbers. So there has 
been, I think, some around 1% kind of upward move, but this has been at this level of 28% to 
29%. 
Anshul: 
Got it, sir. A question on strategy. Should we not be focusing on Consultative Logistics given 
the higher margins that this generate? I can see just about 30% revenue contribution and they're 
delivering almost 2x the absolute EBITDA that Express is currently sort of contributing. So 
shouldn't we focus far more on growing this side of the business? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Yes. Is that a statement or a question? 
Anshul: 
Question, sir. 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
If it is a question, then my answer is very clear that both the businesses will get the relevant 
focus from the organization with a clearer focus in terms of revenue growth, which will be a tad 
faster than Express on the CL side. And we will also balance the profitability of both businesses. 
So that will happen. I think I answered both your question and statement if it was combined. 
Anshul: 
Just one question on the Express business. Most of our peers and us also have reported steady 
growth in volumes in Express. Is this sort of a shift towards organized players or there seems to 
be general buoyancy in the market for volume growth for Express business? 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Both the observations you had and give weightage to both, there is a shift towards organized 
players as the economy becomes more formalized. We are seeing that swing when we engage 
with customers. And apart from that, of course, the quarter has been good for Express. You've 
been seeing the results that other companies also have been putting out in the Express space. So 
both with adequate weightage factors as you kind of rightly said, both the things have happened. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Ketan Kulkarni for closing comments. 
Ketan Kulkarni: 
Thank you. It was a very good conference, some very interesting questions, and I do hope I and 
Deepak were able to answer all of them to your satisfaction. The quarter was good. And as we 
had committed in the earlier quarters, we are committed to growing Allcargo Logistics in Q3, 
Q4 and promising a good FY '27. Thank you, everyone, very much for your interest in the 
organization. Have a good evening. 
Deepak Pareek: 
Thank you, everyone. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Allcargo Logistics Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
