 
                       Nuvoco Vistas Corp. Ltd. 
Registered Office: Equinox Business Park, Tower-3, East Wing, 4th Floor, Off. Bandra Kurla Complex, LBS Road, Kurla (West), Mumbai-400070  
       Tel: +91 (0) 22 67692500 / +91 (0) 22 67692525 | Fax: +91 (0) 22 67692572 | website: www.nuvoco.com | CIN- L26940MH1999PLC118229 
 
 
 
Ref. No.: Sec/57/2026-27 
 
July 20, 2026 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal 
Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543334 
Scrip ID: NUVOCO 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Trading Symbol: NUVOCO 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Investor and Analyst Conference Call on the Unaudited 
Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2026 
 
Further to our letter no. Sec/40/2026-27 dated June 30, 2026, letter no. Sec/45/2026-27 
dated July 12, 2026, letter no. Sec/50/2026-27 dated July 13, 2026 and letter no. 
Sec/51/2026-27 dated July 14, 2026, please find enclosed the transcript of the Investor and 
Analyst Conference Call held on Tuesday, July 14, 2026 on the Unaudited Standalone and 
Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
The same is also being made available on the Company’s website at www.nuvoco.com. 
 
We request you to take the above on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
 
 
 
 
Shruta Sanghavi 
SVP and Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SHRUTA 
JATIN 
SANGHAVI
Digitally signed by 
SHRUTA JATIN 
SANGHAVI 
Date: 2026.07.20 
18:06:25 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20
“Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited
Q1 FY ’27 Earnings Conference Call”
July 14, 2026
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAYAKUMAR KRISHNASWAMY – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – NUVOCO VISTAS CORPORATION LIMITED
MR. MANEESH AGRAWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – NUVOCO VISTAS CORPORATION LIMITED
MR. BISHNU SHARMA – HEAD OF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – NUVOCO VISTAS CORPORATION 
LIMITED

Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited
July 14, 2026
Page 2 of 20
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
hosted by Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Bishnu Sharma, Head of Investor Relations from Nuvoco. Thank you and over to you.
Bishnu Sharma:
Thank you, Yashashri. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Nuvoco’s Q1 FY27 earnings 
call. Thank you for joining us today. To begin with, I would like to mention on our 
performance for the quarter first. We have had a strong start to the year, delivering higher 
business performance. Volume grew by 5% YoY to 5.3 million tons and EBITDA increased 
by 7% YoY to INR572 crores, marking the highest-ever first quarter volume and EBITDA of 
the company. 
The performance is on the backdrop of the geopolitical tensions which prevailed during the 
quarter, which had a cascading effect on the business environment in which we operated. The 
West Asia conflict, which drove up energy, packing bags, and other raw material prices, was 
not the only challenge during the quarter. We also faced logistical constraints with railway 
rakes being prioritized for the power sector amid an intense and prolonged summer. Further, 
one of our key states in the East was undergoing state elections during the period. 
Net-net, we performed well in Q1 FY27 despite the macro headwinds. The performance 
reflects resilient execution, supported by continuous focus on cost discipline and operational 
efficiencies. To specifically highlight, fuel cost was contained at 1.52 per mcal, which 
remained within the guided range communicated in the last quarter conference call. This was 
achieved through fuel mix optimization and coordinated efforts of our team. 
Coming to Vadraj, I am pleased to share that we have inaugurated 2 million tons per annum of 
grinding capacity at Surat on 11th July 2026, ahead of schedule. This represents a defining 
milestone in the history of the company, signifying our first-ever capacity expansion in the 
Western region. This achievement is a strong testament to the company’s project execution 
capability. It will not only enable a significant expansion of our market presence in the West 
but also strengthen our position in the North by releasing much-needed capacity at our 
Rajasthan plants for the Northern market. 
The clinker and the grinding units at Kutch are also progressing well and remain on track for 
phased operationalization from Q3 FY27. Let me highlight some of the key developments and 
progress made on these unit so far.
At Kutch, for the clinker unit, deliveries of all major equipment and spares have been 
completed and execution across all sections remains firmly on track. Reconditioning of coal 
and raw mills VRM gearbox has been completed. Kiln rotation is also complete and is now 
ready for brick lining. We will complete the overhauling of all major equipment and initiate 
trial preparation within Q2 FY27. 

Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited
July 14, 2026
Page 3 of 20
As far as the grinding unit at Kutch is concerned, civil works are underway and progressing as 
planned. Major RCC work in packing plant and hopper building has been completed. Civil 
works are targeted for completion by Q2 FY27, enabling the release of fronts for mechanical 
and electrical installations. On the railway siding at Kutch, earthwork has been completed and 
ballast and sleeper laying are currently in progress. Once operational, the siding is expected to 
enhance logistical efficiency. 
Moreover, we have also commenced work on the bulk cement terminal at Sachana in Gujarat, 
which will also have a dedicated railway siding. This facility is targeted to be operational by 
Q2 FY28 and will act as a strategic distribution hub, helping us strengthen our presence and 
further expand our reach across the Gujarat market. For our East operation, we continue to 
progress on our plan to add 4 million tons per annum of capacity in phases till FY28. 
Looking ahead, we continue to hold a positive outlook on cement demand, which stayed 
healthy throughout the quarter. Just to highlight, Central Government capex increased by 13% 
YoY to INR2.5 lakh crores in the quarter-to-date period through May 2026, already accounting 
for nearly 20% of the full-year planned capex.
As highlighted earlier, both Central and State Governments are targeting capex growth of 
around 20% and 15% respectively for FY27. Accordingly, infra spending led by Government 
capex and along with housing projects is expected to provide sustained support to demand. 
From a geopolitical standpoint, we remain watchful and continue to monitor the situation 
closely. If the geopolitical situation stabilizes and the conflict de-escalates, we are cautiously 
optimistic about navigating the coming quarters well. As demonstrated in Q1, where we 
proactively worked on our internal levers to deliver strong cost and operational performance, 
we remain confident in our ability to manage through headwinds.
Regardless of how the scenario unfolds, we remain firmly committed to driving cost 
efficiencies and operational excellence across the business. We will continue to pursue with 
same rigor through prudent procurement, continued cost optimization, and ongoing 
improvements in supply chain efficiency to deliver resilient performance going forward. 
With that, I conclude my opening remarks. I am here with Mr. Jayakumar Krishnaswamy, 
Managing Director of Nuvoco Vistas, and Mr. Maneesh Agrawal, Chief Financial Officer. We 
are happy to answer any questions you may have. Thank you, Yashashri. Over to you.
Moderator:
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We’ll take our 
first question from the line of Siddharth Mehrotra from Axis Capital. Please go ahead.
Siddharth Mehrotra:
Hi…
Moderator:
Mr. Mehrotra, I am sorry sir. Can you please repeat your question again?
Siddharth Mehrotra:
Can you hear me now. Am I audible?
Moderator:
Yes.

Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited
July 14, 2026
Page 4 of 20
Siddharth Mehrotra:
Perfect. So, just wanted to check, since our Surat plant is now online…
Bishnu Sharma:
I can't hear you -- don’t put on the speaker phone. Please, you got to take the handset and talk 
because you are very feasible. 
Siddharth Mehrotra:
Is it better now. So, just wanted to check, since our Surat plant is now online, what sort of 
volume are we looking at for this year? And secondly, given the fact that our clinker capacities 
are yet to come online, what will be the source of clinker for this capacity?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Okay. If you remember in all my previous calls, we had very clearly explained the sequence of 
startup with Surat coming in Q2, Q3 this year, and then the clinker capacity in Kutch comes in 
Q3, Q4 this year, and then the WHR and the grinding unit later as well as the siding. So, right 
from the beginning, it was clear that when we start Surat, we'll have to get clinker from 
elsewhere and not from Kutch.
So, and currently before Vadraj started, we were anyway selling close to a million tons in 
Gujarat which came from our Chittorgarh and Nimbol plants. So, what's going to happen is the 
1 million ton anyway will come from Chittorgarh and Nimbol in the balance period and also 
till such time even it will go all the way up to about 1.4, 1.5 million tons in annual basis from
Chittorgarh and Nimbol plants.
The balance, our target is when we complete Q4 this year, our sale in Gujarat will be anywhere 
close to about 2 million tons as an annual sale. So basically, it will be about 1.6, 1.7 lakh tons 
per month in the Q4 of this year, which should mean it will be about 30,000, 40,000 50,000 
tons more than the average run rate which we are selling currently in Gujarat. For that, we 
need clinker and those clinker will come from our Chhattisgarh cluster and that's how even the 
first dispatches have made through clinker which is sourced from Chhattisgarh cluster.
I can't move clinker from Chittorgarh into Surat because that clinker is needed for the North 
market. But we are also working at some of the options like bartering with other companies 
whereas we can give some clinker in East and also pick up clinker from North, which will be 
much more economical than moving our own clinker from Chhattisgarh cluster into Surat.
So, net-net, at the initial till such time Kutch comes on stream, which will be -- earliest will be 
January this year, and maybe give or take one or two months, so by start of fiscal FY28, we'll 
have Kutch clinker coming into Surat. So for the balance currently 1.5 million ton sale and Q4 
2 million ton sale, for the incremental sale, clinker will come from Chhattisgarh cluster.
Siddharth Mehrotra:
Understood, sir. So, my understanding is that on an incremental basis, you will perhaps do 
close to a million tons extra in Gujarat. Is that correct?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Currently, we're doing 1.3 million, 1.4 million. So, balance 0.6 million tons. We will have 
extra sale in Gujarat, since we have launched the product and then covering most of the 
Gujarat now. Q4 will sell 2 million tons annualised rates. So, for the incremental volume of 
cement, clinker will come from Chhattisgarh.

Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited
July 14, 2026
Page 5 of 20
Siddharth Mehrotra:
Got it, sir. That's very clear. Secondly, sir, just wanted to check, our East debottlenecking 
plants seem to be sort of facing some delays. From what I recall, last time we had CTO for two 
of our plants around 2 MTPA capacity, but there seems to be no update regarding that. So, 
anything you want to add to that?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:No, we had debottlenecking happening in Jajpur, Jojobera, Panagarh, and Arasmeta. So, last 
time in the call, I had said we have almost got our CTO done for our Panagarh and Jojobera 
facility. I think those two plants are almost done. And Jajpur there's something called an NIPL 
certificate which you have to get because when capacity increases less than 50% of the 
installed capacity, then you don't go through the normal EC route, so you get through NIPL 
route.
So there, I think the Jajpur thing is currently underway. Arasmeta, the technical design is 
completed, we are more or less at the commercial conversations about ball mill procurement 
and rest of the civil ordering is being done. So, by the time we complete this fiscal, we should 
be ready on all four fronts.
Suffice to say that these capacities which we were installing, commissioning and expanding in 
East was not needed to sell products for the fiscal FY27. It will be needed in fiscal FY28 only 
because with the current sale plan and the current ambition for the company in fiscal FY27, we 
have adequate capacity in all our grinding stations.
Just that we need more flexibility for state-wise capacity and that's the reason why we are not 
kind of pursuing at a rigorous pace for these. But by the end of this fiscal '27, three plants will 
be fully commissioned and ready for volumes for FY28. Arasmeta should be on by end of this 
fiscal '27 and will be available in Q1 FY28.
So, those plants are also on stream. So, just want to assure all of you that there is no delay 
because the modification involved are very minor modification, it's not major modification. Its 
overall capex cost was pretty less for all these four plants. Just that the timing and the pacing is 
there. Right now, we are not hard-pressed for capacity, so I'm not kind of pursuing it at a rigor. 
Two plants CTO are almost done, the other two plants will be done in the next six to eight 
months.
Siddharth Mehrotra:
Understood, sir. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Amit Murarka from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead.
Amit Murarka:
Yes. Hi. Good evening and thanks for the opportunity. So, just wanted to understand the 
pricing and cost a bit better. We see that you had a quite a strong pricing improvement in the 
quarter, but at the same time, like there was some moderation in the Y-o-Y growth, which is 
roughly 4%. So, wanted to understand, like, was there also a change in mix between trade, 
non-trade which happened in the quarter, or is the pricing gain attributable purely to market-
level price hikes?

Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited
July 14, 2026
Page 6 of 20
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Sorry, I was on mute. So, thank you for the question. Last time when we met was in the 
conference call in April and that was when the entire Middle East was raging and then one of 
the big things which was happening in the industry as well as for ourselves was we had to do a 
price correction to defray the cost increases.
So, which overall if you look at the April month and then subsequently the full quarter, for the 
quarter we had a trade price which increased more but then overall it got tempered, but for a 
full quarter level, we got a INR10 per bag increase in trade and INR20 per bag increase in non-
trade in the quarter for East.
And in North again, we got about INR10 per bag in trade and about INR10, INR12 in non-
trade. So, throughout the quarter if you look, we had a price increase of close to about INR320
in the entire quarter.
But the one more unique thing is when we went to the end of the quarter, we exited June 
quarter with price increase more than the average for the quarter and that kind of stayed good 
as we started the month of July. I will also try and give a detailed breakup of the realization 
and the cost impact.
Overall, if you see our realization has gone up by close to about INR320 Q1 versus Q4. That 
came mostly through three reasons: one was the NODT increase, second was the geo-mix 
which we played in key markets of Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan, Western MP, and Jharkhand, and 
also the price increase in the last 15 days of March which kind of gave a fillip to the first 
month of the quarter.
Hence, we got a realization increase of INR320. But this INR320 got kind of set off by cost 
inflation which I mentioned during the previous call. The first cost increase happened for the 
quarter Q1 versus Q4. Power and fuel went up by approximately INR40 per ton. Raw material 
cost also went up close to about INR35, INR40 per ton.
Packing bags I mentioned about the granule issues as well as the capacity shortage and the jute 
issue from Bangladesh which overall increased the packing bag cost. That also increased by 
close to INR50 per ton. And the volume impact from Q4 to Q1 resulted in a little bit of a fixed 
cost deleverage of close to INR30, INR40.
And other one which also impacted the quarter one was the distribution cost, freight cost for 
the company like-to-like from Q4 to Q1 went by close to INR50, largely coming out of 
suboptimal movement because of diesel shortage and truck shortage in certain states and also 
due to the fact that the railways stopped supplying adequate number of rakes due to coal 
movement and we resulted moving clinker by road.
Net-net, realization happened INR320 and the cost increase was close to about INR230, which 
reflects in the EBITDA impact of close to INR90. That's been the story of Q1 when compared 
to Q4.

Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited
July 14, 2026
Page 7 of 20
Amit Murarka:
Got it and thanks for the elaborate answer on that one. But pricing just to understand better, I 
think you mentioned that your realization improvement was better than the market, that was a 
function of geo-mix optimization as well as in more trade in the mix or how is it?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Three things: one is obviously price increase happened, that's something with that is the 
biggest lever is the price increase close to about INR10 in trade and about INR15 in non-trade. 
So, that kind of the biggest impact on the overall realization improvement. Second one is 
obviously we are a premium player with increased share in Concreto Uno and Duraguard 
Microfiber.
I'm happy to report to all of you that both these brands have become a 1 million ton brand now. 
So, we are very happy that in a very short span of time, these two brands have now become an 
annualized 1 million ton sale added to Concreto which is close to about 3.9 million tons. So, 
we safely say that with 4 million tons of Concreto, 1 million of Microfiber, and 1 million of 
Uno, we are close to about 5 million tons of premium and super-premium products. So, that's 
the second reason.
The third one was the impact of positive impact due to increased sales in Chhattisgarh, 
Jharkhand, Rajasthan, and Western MP, which are high realization markets for us. So, three 
reasons: one is price, second is premium, third geo-mix.
Amit Murarka:
Sure, sure. Thanks a lot. I'll come back in the queue.
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Satyadeep Jain from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead.
Satyadeep Jain:
Hi. thank you. So, first, wanted to understand, so you discussed all the line items on the cost 
side, where the fuel costs have been, what kind of additional inflation do you see in 2Q and 
would that be the peak and you start seeing moderation? Just trying to understand fuel 
inventory and where that is. And also, on the packaging cost and all are?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Satyadeep, just briefly, are you asking about the fuel bit for the company specifically?
Satyadeep Jain:
No, you said there has been inflation of 1.53...
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Can you speak a little bit louder? So, I'm missing few words in your question, please.
Satyadeep Jain:
Yes, yes. So, you mentioned the fuel consumption cost was 1.53. Where the fuel costs have 
trended in the last few months? Where do you see fuel and packaging and all these costs? Has 
there been improvement on the rail evacuation? Just trying to understand what kind of impact 
would you see in 2Q?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Yes, yes. I'll be able to give you -- I'll give you the reasons. So, I'll have to split the whole bit 
into East operations of Nuvoco and North operations of Nuvoco. North operations of Nuvoco 
is largely petcoke driven with 23%, 24% of AFR in both the Chittorgarh and Nimbol facility. 
Whereas on East operations, we have close to about 30% of petcoke and balance is domestic 
open market coal and linkage coal and very small amount of AFR which is to the tune of about 

Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited
July 14, 2026
Page 8 of 20
maximum Risda 10% or overall range of about 4%, 5%. That's how we've been operating till 
this crisis happened.
But every crisis is an opportunity for us to look into the operations and revisit the entire 
assumptions. So, what we did in Q1 was three things we did. One was question the very 
principle of using petcoke and hence our teams did a wonderful job by curtailing the use of 
petcoke in North from excess of 50% to about 42% number.
And for the first time, we could move domestic open market coal from Chhattisgarh cluster to 
Chittorgarh plant and also from Varanasi depot to a Nimbol plant. Even though the normal rate 
we couldn't have used this coal.
But because of the heightened value price of petcoke, these two became viable and hence we 
kind of moved material from Varanasi depot to Nimbol and Chhattisgarh Nagpur and Nagpur 
to a Chittorgarh and that's how the North petcoke consumption reduced from over 50% to 
about 40%. So, that's about the North.
When we came to East, we have the Risda factory, Sonadih and Arasmeta. In all these three 
plants, we had petcoke consumption excess of about 30% was the number. And during this 
quarter, we were lucky enough to contract coal from Eastern Collieries which is called 
Sonepur Bazari, which whose ash content is much better than the other linkage coal ash 
content.
I think our purchase team did a wonderful job. So, by using this specific variety of coal which 
comes from West Bengal, whose ash percentage is much lower than the Chhattisgarh coal, and 
the number two thing which we did was we started adding a little bit of sweetener in our Risda 
factory.
Sweetener is again a better quality limestone and so we added started using better quality 
limestone whose CaO and LSF is much better in our Risda kiln and also in our Sonadih from 
ML1 line. By increasing sweetener usage, increasing the Sonepur Bazari coal, we successfully 
brought down the petcoke consumption during the quarter.
So much so in Arasmeta as we speak, we are operating at zero petcoke consumption and in 
Risda factory from close to about 37% the petcoke consumption we've already come to about 
25% petcoke consumption because the cost increase due to sweetener is much lower than the 
cost increase cost reduction coming out of petcoke.
So, this was the big agenda which we drove in our Chhattisgarh cluster and North was getting 
linkage coal domestic open market coal to the North factory. All these kind of contributed to 
the overall fuel cost being capped at INR1.52 per million cal.
Satyadeep Jain:
And sir, how do you look at the trajectory given you may have consumed petcoke which was 
lower cost and the trajectory kept moving up? So, mainly on packaging and fuel cost and also
railway, has there been improvement in rake availability? Just trying to understand what 
happened in 1Q, just trying to understand how do you look at the trajectory in 2Q, 3Q?

Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited
July 14, 2026
Page 9 of 20
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Okay. So, looking at what we face in going forward in quarter two, first would be fuel. I think 
we have adequate inventory of petcoke for the entire quarter at similar cost level, so my fuel 
inflation is not likely to go up by big number. I won't be exactly able to tell whether it will be 
1.52 or 1.55, but it's not going to spoil my game in quarter two. That's the first one.
The second thing is about packaging bags. I think packaging bags has peaked in Q4 and Q1 
with higher demand and West Asia crisis also fuel the granule price. I think granule prices 
have started coming down and hence the demand also will come down due to monsoon. So, 
bag availability should not be a problem.
The increase in bag which happened close to INR50 in Q1 versus Q4, I expect cooling off of 
that price by around INR20, INR25 in Q2 versus Q1. So, bag price will come down. Fuel will 
more or less kind of get capped. And the third one which kind of hit us negative was the non-
availability of rakes and we ended up moving clinker by road.
Here again, after 15th of July, once the monsoon sets in, I think the coal fields will get flooded 
and it will not be possible for coal to move and also the overall power demand in the country 
will come down with monsoon setting in. Hence, coal which will be shipped by the 
government's mandate of moving coal from coal fields to the power plants will also taper 
down.
And already in the last one week, we typically get about four rakes per day for clinker 
movement and it had kind of come down to 3.2, 3.3 in quarter one. We've already started 
getting in the last one week four rakes per day and going forward from now till the next two to 
three months, it will be certainly four rakes per day and we'll stop moving clinker in our 
grinding unit.
And last but not the least, the lean season discount will also kick in from 1st of August and 
that's a welcome sign. And this time the Government of India has said even for clinker 
movement there is going to be lean season discount, unlike only for cement in the past.
So, we'll get a benefit of railway freight which will come down, availability of rakes will 
eliminate our movement of clinker by road, and then packaging bags will kind of cool down, 
fuel cost will be almost in the same place. So, technically we are looking at cost lines more or 
less same.
The only thing which will be adverse in Q2 when compared to Q1 will be the power and fuel 
cost. Fuel remains the same, power cost will go up by close to about INR40, INR50 per ton 
simply because this is a shutdown time when we have to have two of our kilns are going down 
in the next two months and also all our VRMs and ball mills will also go for shutdown in the 
next two, three months.
So, there will be an increase in power cost, fuel cost will be kind of capped. Net-net, there will 
be an increase in power and fuel cost by some INR30, INR40 per ton.
Satyadeep Jain:
Thank you so much for this explanation. Just one more question on... 

Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited
July 14, 2026
Page 10 of 20
Moderator:
Satyadeep, I request you to join back the queue, please, as we have participants waiting for 
their turn.
Satyadeep Jain:
Sure.
Moderator:
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Tejas Pradhan from Citigroup. Please 
go ahead.
Tejas Pradhan:
Yes. Hi, sir. Was there any change in the lead distance this quarter versus last quarter?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Very insignificant. I think last quarter we were close to about 325 kms, right now it's about 
327, 328. Not much of difference in lead distance. Just that the rail coefficient was 62 road and 
38 rail in Q4, it's about 64 and 36 in Q1.
Tejas Pradhan:
Okay, okay. Sure. And on the premium product share and share of trade sales for the quarter?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Okay. So, premium we are at about Q1 versus Q4 was peaked at 44%. This quarter premium is 
42%. Trade mix continues to be same 75, 75, so not much of change in trade mix.
Tejas Pradhan:
Okay. Understood. And lastly on the net debt number for the quarter?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Yes. Net debt we ended the quarter with INR4,595 crores and corresponding quarter last year 
was 5,274. A good INR600 crores reduction from last June '25 to June '26.
Tejas Pradhan:
Sure, sure. Thanks. Thanks.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead.
Shravan Shah:
Hi. Thank you, sir. Sir, just to get a couple of things clarity. Sir, you mentioned that the exit 
June cement prices or the realization is higher versus the 1Q FY27 average. Can you quantify 
will it be a kind of a INR5, INR10 per bag higher?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:We reported quarter one versus quarter four was close to INR320 realization improvement. So
which would mean exit June is slightly lower than the average June because the price increase 
happened at the beginning of the quarter. However, as we start the quarter, one of the things as 
seen in this industry for few years now, and the welcome sign is there's no price drop in the 
first 14 days of July, which is a welcome sign. 
I think we are holding on to our prices and normally monsoon there's always a drop in price, 
but the first two weeks of the month is steady and holding on to all the prices which we had in 
the month of June. 
So, even though we still have not taken a price increase, but I think cost holding, prices 
holding on first 14 days of July, I think it's something which is unique for this year. It's a 
welcome sign. But still we will not wait for an opportunity. As of now, costs are kind of stable, 
but certainly I think if the costs were to go Southwards, I will take price Northwards.

Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited
July 14, 2026
Page 11 of 20
Shravan Shah:
Okay. And now, sir, given that the once this Surat we have already started and let's say in Q3 
once we start the commercial production for the clinker at the Kutch level, maybe in the full-
fledged in the Q4, how do we kind of see so on that part if we have to see on profitability front, 
will it be a much, much lower versus currently what we are having a profitability or how one 
can look at or if it is lower by in how many quarters one can see that profitability of this Kutch 
including the Surat grinding would be at par with the company average?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Look, I guess whenever you expand in any region with huge capacity, any cement player who 
has expanded capacity in a particular region or in a particular state, something, if you have to 
kind of get volumes going in the as quickly as possible because having put so much of capex, I 
need volumes very quickly. I need to get back my investment as fast as possible. 
So, we will play an aggressive way to sell our product. But one thing is for sure, my 
positioning as an A-group will never reduce. So, our product Duraguard, even in the markets 
where we operate in Rajasthan, Western UP, Western MP, Western UP, Haryana, Delhi, even 
in Gujarat, I am a A-group player and I am far ahead of any of those other B-group players. 
There are one or one guy, one or two guys who are almost equal or slightly ahead of us. So, 
that's something which positioning is going to be very, very keen for us. And also in Gujarat, 
non-trade realization contribution is also quite good with OPC and almost equal to rest of the 
product. 
So, Gujarat contribution will be quite good. But on the initial stages for me to establish the 
market, I will have to be aggressive. But what is the positive Nuvoco has? Nuvoco is not a new 
entrant in Gujarat. Nuvoco has been in Gujarat for the last 2 years and we already sell close to 
a million and half already. 
Currently, we're selling 1.3, 1.4 million, whose pricing is almost equal to the big players in 
Gujarat. So, when I'm going to increase volume, I'm not going to dilute price. My job is to get 
more franchisee dealers and expand the dealer network. And I think we have personally met 
hundreds of dealers and our teams have connected with 300, 400 dealers in the last 5 to 6
months. Our market development is at full swing. 
So, we're pretty confident that the people, the dealer fraternity in Gujarat very keen to have 
Nuvoco in places where we are currently not there. Before launch of Gujarat, we were present 
in Baroda, we were present in Godhra, we were present in Surat, we were present in 
Ahmedabad, Banaskantha, all these places were there. 
But over a period of past 6 months, we also launched our product in Rajkot, Saurashtra and 
Porbandar, those areas. And our pricing has been very good in those products and my 
contribution margin and our realization is not less than any other major competitor in Gujarat. 
So, net-net, I'm fairly confident that we will not dilute prices to push volumes in Gujarat. Of 
course, you'll have to do some trade schemes to get people working for us, but in general our 
positioning will be good, our premiumization will continue to be there, we'll focus on 
Microfiber. 

Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited
July 14, 2026
Page 12 of 20
So, all this will offset the potential decrease in EBITDA per ton because my costs will be high 
in the first year. But that's the nature of the game. So, overall and I don't think we can judge 
the performance by the first year of launch into Gujarat. But our modelling very clearly says in 
Year 2 and Year 3, EBITDA per ton in Gujarat will be equal to EBITDA per ton of rest of 
North India.
Shravan Shah:
Okay. Great. Yes. Can I ask one more?
Moderator:
Thank you, Shravan. I request you to join back the queue, please. Thank you. We'll take our 
next question from the line of Pinakin Parekh from HSBC. Please go ahead.
Pinakin Parekh:
Yes. Thank you very much. My first question is.
Moderator:
Pinakin, can you use your handset mode, please? Your audio is not very clear.
Pinakin Parekh:
Yes. Is this better?
Moderator:
I am sorry you are sounding muffled. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Hi, Pinakin. Slightly feeble. If you can speak a little bit louder, please.
Pinakin Parekh: 
Yes. Sure. So, if I look at the Nuvoco EBITDA per ton over the last 6 years it has ranged 
between INR700 to INR900 per ton, but for the last two quarters, we are in range towards 
INR1,000 and higher. If we take a step back and look at.
Moderator:
Pinakin, I'm sorry, you're sounding muffled.
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Can't hear you, Pinakin. I think other than the first sentence, not audible.
Pinakin Parekh:
Okay. Let me just -- let me rejoin the queue.
Moderator:
It is a little bit better now. Just go ahead.
Pinakin Parekh:
Yes. So, if I look at the EBITDA per ton, do you see the current EBITDA profitability. We 
know seasonally second quarter is weak, but sustained over the next few quarters, can Nuvoco 
deliver over INR1,000 a ton? Ultimately, it's dependent on pricing, but how do you see pricing 
therefore evolve given the -- what was commented by other industry players in May of holding 
back capacity expansions?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Pinakin, I guess I will not be able to give a guidance on what will be the EBITDA per ton 
going forward. I will -- that's not be appropriate. But certainly, I think what are the things 
which work for us is our geo-mix, premiumization, our trade non-trade and our blended 
cement. So, those are the strengths of Nuvoco and the positioning of Nuvoco which will be 
there. 
But when you compare with what was the past period and what do I see now and future, I 
think the past period last FY23-24-25 had very specific events in the industry which kind of 

Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited
July 14, 2026
Page 13 of 20
impacted the overall pricing in the industry. And if you could see, I think all of you observe 
the market and we also observe the market. 
If you see certainly in the last three, four, five quarters, I think profitability is very, very 
important and it's important for us and I'm sure for everybody else in the industry. And hence, 
I think pricing is relatively stable in the last 1, 1.5 years. And I also see going forward pricing 
is going to be pretty stable.
And I'm sure all of you heard the investors calls for other companies. I'm not going to 
comment on that, but I guess all of us realize that there will be capacity expansion, but 
capacity expansion is not going to be at the breakneck speed. So, since capacity expansion is 
not going to be at a breakneck speed.
And it will be in a sensible pace and also with the internal levers of our company, I believe 
price will be stable going forward. And with the stable price and the positioning of our 
company in terms of product, portfolio, market, geo-mix, I think we will be better off in 
managing improving the profitability levels in the coming quarters.
Pinakin Parekh:
Thank you, sir. That is very helpful. Just moving on to my second question. The more accepted 
norm with investors is that North is the most profitable market in the country and East is under 
pressure and for the last 5 years, East was impacted by more supply. Now, this year there is 
supply, but we don't see more capacity additions being announced in East. Do you see or in 
your view what will take East pricing structurally higher over the next couple of years? What 
will it require for East to close the gap with North?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:I think from the capacity expansion announcements which have been placed by all player what 
you call informed by all the major players, there are not many clinker units which are going to 
come in the next 3 years. So, I think a couple of them which are coming and those couple of 
them are not going to disturb. 
Clinker used to be about 40, 42 million ton capacity, that went to close to about 60 million ton 
and that was the period of last 3, 4 years when all the capacities bunched up around the same 
time and did not give elbow room for pricing to improve. But that is done and from the 
announcements, all of us know that in the next 3 years there are going to be max three and at 
the best two. 
And even if someone were to announce now, it's going to take anywhere between FY29 and 
thereabouts. And with market growing at 7%-8% conservatively, very soon in the next 18 to 
24 months, capacity utilization of the entire East will go to again cross 80%. And if it were to 
go to 80%, pricing will become stronger and then obviously profitability in East also will 
improve. That's the way I am looking at.
So, it's -- I wouldn't be able to put a exact number whether profitability in East will be equal to 
profitability in North, but I know our company, what kind of profitability we get in the region. 
So, I'm fairly confident the profitability which we are getting in East will be -- is good now and 
will continue to be good going forward.

Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited
July 14, 2026
Page 14 of 20
Pinakin Parekh:
Got it. This is very helpful. Thank you very much, sir.
Moderator:
We'll take our next question from the line of Jashandeep Singh Chadha from Nomura. Please 
go ahead.
Jashandeep Singh Chadha: Yes. Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. And congratulations on a very good set of numbers 
despite challenging environment. So, my first question is regarding your capex guidance which 
you gave last quarter, INR900 crores and INR960 crores for FY27, '28. Is there any change in 
that?
And my second question will be on the, your -- how are you seeing, first quarter has been 
completed and second quarter is going on, so how are you seeing demand for FY27 because 
last quarter a lot of your peers painted a very bearish picture on in terms of demand for this 
year. So, how are you evaluating demand this year?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Okay. Capex first. I guess we had communicated in the last call that the outlook for FY27 
capex was INR900 crores. It continues to be INR900 crores. In Q1, we have spent close to 
about INR370 crores. The balance money will be spent in the next 3 quarters. So, we're more 
or less on course to complete what we intended to do this year.
And next year again with the expansion of Vadraj going to be completed and then the Sachana 
bulk terminal which got announced and routine capex in the plants, I'm looking at close to 
anywhere between INR950 crores to INR1,000 crores number. So, that's the range as I look at 
now.
So, this year INR900 crores, next year INR950 crores to INR1,000 crores, give or take INR10
crores, INR20 crores here and there. That's going to be the outlook. As regards the other point 
regarding the cement demand, I think demand in Q1 was still I think a little bit more than we 
delivered because we could have delivered more in Q1 but for the rake availability, we lost 
some production sale in April, May, June.
I could have easily done close to about 2 lakh tons more, which was off because the demand 
was decent. And just because we couldn't get rakes and then diesel shortage and Chhattisgarh 
truck would not move to Maharashtra and MP because there was no return load and we had 
serious bunching of rakes in Northeast as well as in Bengal.
So, it got overall sales growth could have been more, it should have been more for us, did not 
happen the way I thought. But market demand I thought was anywhere close to 7%, 7.5% even 
in Q1. Going forward also I'm looking at a market demand around the same number. Just that 
the government change in Bengal has happened, I think it will take maybe a quarter or so for 
the overall schemes to be announced on the ground and effect on the ground to happens.
But certainly, Jharkhand is doing well, Odisha we have come back with a good after many 
quarters in Odisha we did very well in Q1. Bihar continues to be a strong citadel for us. So, I 
guess I'm looking at a demand anywhere between 7%-8% in the next 3 quarters.

Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited
July 14, 2026
Page 15 of 20
Jashandeep Singh Chadha: Yes. Thank you for that, sir. Sir, my second question is regarding Gujarat profitability. I 
understand and you've already given an elaborate answer on that that from the second and third 
quarter, the Gujarat, profitability will be in line with rest of Nuvoco, but I still want to, you 
know, focus on Surat GU because even when the Kutch clinker unit comes, I think Chittorgarh 
is still nearer to Surat plant than the Kutch unit.
So, how will the profitability, is it fair to assume that Kutch will be more profitable in terms of 
EBITDA per ton than Surat unit or is the company, working on something to improve the 
profitability of the Surat? Just wanted you to focus on that?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:So, technically if you see the reason why I won't compare performance from other companies 
which have put a plant in Kutch, but that's one of the hypotheses we thought and that's the 
reason why we decided to put a grinding unit in Kutch. Without a grinding unit and only a 
clinker unit, moving 3.5, 4 million ton of clinker by sea route was almost a difficult 
proposition for anybody who tried doing it.
The original assumption was that at that time, but I guess that's probably a very difficult 
assumption one made. And that's the reason once we kind of got into the act and we very early 
in the acquisition and reconstruction phase, we decided that to make this entire model work 
well, we need three ways to make this model successful.
The first way is to find to get clinker through maritime route into Hazira Port and into Surat. 
And certainly, two, three months of the year when monsoon happens, clinker cannot be 
moved. Hence, we needed rake. Fortunately for us, railways line was coming till Vayor and I 
think very within three, four months, that program of railways came into being and we 
immediately latched on, we modified our project plan and we decided to go for the railway 
line.
So, once we had the railway line and then also the jetty movement, so our clinker movement 
via marine route or through the rake route is a certainty. Of course, moving clinker through 
jetty route, marine route is far cheaper than moving by rail. That's clear. Second thing we did 
was if we had to move clinker all the way because Gujarat market is a lot OPC market.
So, if I were to kind of move clinker to Surat, grind in Surat, whereas the market is also going 
to be in Ahmedabad and rest of the place, I'll do reverse movement. Hence, the entire idea of 
setting up a GU happened in Kutch and also with the incentive scheme available in Gujarat, it 
became economically sensible for us to put a full-fledged GU there.
So, I will make OPC and or PPC and sell in Kutch and rest of the Morbi-Kandla area from our 
Kutch plant. The third idea which we implemented is the Sachana bulk terminal. With the 
railway’s BCFC wagon movement which we will also invest there, we're working on whether 
lease or purchase, which had a option that on the return freight, return was zero freight, it was 
only forward freight.
And we decided that instead of taking clinker, we'd much rather grind the clinker and take 
OPC to Sachana and in Sachana we'll move from rake bulker to road bulker. And once we do 
debulk into road, then Sachana is only 40-odd kilometers from Ahmedabad, the core market. 

Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited
July 14, 2026
Page 16 of 20
So, I would do Mehsana, Ahmedabad and rest of the region, I'll do bulker movement from our 
Sachana. Sachana unit also has a bag packing facility.
So, in case I have to sell cement in bag, I also will sell cement by bag from our Sachana. So, 
technically speaking, Kutch plant GU will help me sell in Kutch and part of Saurashtra up to 
Morbi. Then I come to Sachana which will help me sell to Rajkot and all the way to 
Ahmedabad.
And then Surat will help me sell in Surat going all the way to Vapi and even Mumbai and also 
upwards to Godhra. And in the border area of Rajasthan, I'll get cement from Chittorgarh. 
That's the overall plan which we have envisaged and it's a far less riskier than what others had 
attempted in the past.
Jashandeep Singh Chadha: Understood, sir. Thanks so much.
Moderator:
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Rajesh Ravi from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead.
Rajesh Ravi:
Yes. Hi. Good evening, sir. Am I audible?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Yes, Rajesh. You're audible.
Rajesh Ravi:
Yes. Great, sir. On great set of numbers. And sir, my question pertains to guidance for FY27. 
Per se, if you look at -- what I understand in Q2, your variable cost is broadly will, the fall in 
packing cost will offset the power cost increase due to the plant shutdowns. So, mostly your 
variable cost seems to be stable quarter-on-quarter in Q2 and there would be off-lay 
maintenance cost which will have some drag on the cost line item.
So, given that if price is going to remain stable, would that mean we will have another strong 
quarter in terms of margins upward of 900 or closer to 900 sort of margin, assuming prices 
remain stable where they are?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:That's very difficult, Rajesh, to give that information, but I wish the price of 15 days is stable. I 
think price hopefully is going to be stable and also kind of the cost inflation with the kind of 
targets which I have, I'm looking at anyway looking at about INR100-odd increase in cost line 
in Q2 versus Q1.
That's the way I'm looking at right now. It's too early in the day for me to kind of put a finger 
on it, but as I see with the fuel cost with the inventories which I have and the packing cost 
which has happened 15 days and the price holding back and shutdown plants which we have, 
this is the kind of number we are working on for Q2.
Rajesh Ravi:
So, total cost you're looking at INR100 inflation Q-on-Q and then obviously the pricing will 
decide your margins, right?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Yes. One can safely say it will be thereabouts, give or take some INR20-INR30, which we 
should always plan because it's not such an accurate industry. Small variables will always 
happen.

Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited
July 14, 2026
Page 17 of 20
Rajesh Ravi:
Sure, sure.
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Some uncertainties will creep in the quarter.
Rajesh Ravi:
And sir, subsequently because Q2 you're not seeing an impact of fuel price--large impact of 
fuel price increases, but in subsequent quarters, given the current spot prices will only the--you 
know, the new purchases thereon will be flowing into a lower cost, but purchases which you 
have ordered in month of say May, June, early July, they would be at elevated cost. Would that 
further increase your cost number in Q3 in terms of fuel cost?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Yes, it's possible because technically, Q3, I think the little bit higher cost inventories will 
come. But some of the things which we have done, I would--I won't be able to tell on the call. I 
think our purchase team has been very smart to find out what consignments at what price to 
book and what price not to book. So, but suffice to say that there is going to be impact, but it is 
not going to kind of change the overall game big time unless and until here and now because 
pet coke went all the way to INR2.56 per million cal.
So, we refused to book at that prices. We kind of curtailed booking at much lower at 2.05 or 
2.15 was the number which we booked. So, this is helping us. But if the entire price were to 
continue this way for a month or two months, things have started cooling down, but if it were 
to continue, I guess everybody can guess in for what will happen.
Rajesh Ravi:
Understood. And sir, any volume guidance for FY27 you're looking at?
Moderator:
Rajesh, I request you to join back the queue, please, as we have participants waiting for their 
turn.
Rajesh Ravi:
I’ll just complete this question and move on. Any volume guidance for FY27, sir, you’re 
looking at?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:I think our target is to get close to about 7%-8% of market growth. So, that we would go for it 
with incremental volume anyway will come for us in Gujarat. So, obviously North we are very 
strong, and Gujarat volume will always add to the overall volume growth for the company. So, 
which I'm really targeting mid 7%-8% kind of a number.
Rajesh Ravi:
Great, sir. That's all from my end. Thank you. We'll come back. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Jyoti Gupta from Ashika Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead.
Jyoti Gupta:
Good evening, sir. I'll go back to my--to the same question in terms of realization. If I 
understand the revenue breakup is 60% east and 40% north, correct me if I'm wrong. So, 
despite moderation in costs, which apparently is through the use of higher use of coal and less 
use of pet coke. Has the price, I mean, how has the price realizations improved in North and 
East, and should that be the case for the entire industry?

Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited
July 14, 2026
Page 18 of 20
And I mean, or is there some spillover from the fourth quarter into the first quarter, because 
realization INR240 per bag -- if per ton is slightly, I'm not able to understand this, you know, 
number. Maybe if you can explain to me again, I'll be able to understand that better.
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Yes. I kind of explained that in the Q-o-Q, which is Q4 versus Q1. Through the quarter in 
north I added INR10 per bag price increase in trade and close to about anywhere between 
INR10 to INR15, INR12-INR13 per bag on non-trade. So, that's where the impact of INR10 is
certainly INR200 per ton and then INR15 it is also INR300 per ton.
Our proportion of trade and non-trade in Northern region is more than the proportion of trade 
and non-trade in East. So, to that extent, the weighted average price came to around mid in 
between 200 and 300. That's how we--that's what I tried to explain. But mathematically, if I 
were to go to 40% in north and 60% in east, and so I don't think at this point of time I'll be able 
to give exactly how much we benefited in north and how much we benefited in east.
Jyoti Gupta:
And you never--sorry, and there were no constraints in terms of availability of bag and the cost 
of bag did not impact your cost at all?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:I'm sorry, can you repeat the last sentence, please?
Jyoti Gupta:
I said the impact of unavailability of bags, which was also a concern in the third quarter--
fourth quarter of FY26?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Yes. I we had serious issues of bag certainly in February, March and then also in April, May. 
The problem in Q4 was huge demand, problem in Q1 is not exactly demand but also due to the 
fact that granule prices went up. So, we are a company which uses lot of LPP bags, not LTP
bags. So, since we are indexed on LPP bags, LPP bag there the impact was much more. But as 
we came to the month of June and now July, we had to give lot of incentives to cover 
capacities, but that's kind of going away now.
So, Q2 certainly the incentives will go away because overall demand for the industry itself will 
come down and all the bag manufacturers will won't be in a position to extract price increase.
Jyoti Gupta:
Okay. So, because eventually the impact of anything does not seem to be reflecting in the cost. 
Very well-managed costs. Great set of numbers. Thank you so much.
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead.
Shravan Shah:
Yes. Sir, what was our blended share for 1Q? And you have mentioned in terms of the plant-
level pet coke share, but at a company level for 1Q, what was the pet coke share and the coal 
share?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Okay. 1Q, I told earlier, I'll repeat it again. Fuel million cal 4Q was 1.44, 1Q was 1.52. That's 
the overall fuel mix. But when you go to pet coke, pet coke Q4 was 1.84 and Q1 was -- Q1 
came at 2.01.

Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited
July 14, 2026
Page 19 of 20
Shravan Shah:
Sir, I was asking more from a fuel mix perspective. So, what was the pet coke as a percentage?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Okay, okay. I'm sorry. I thought you're asking million cal. Let me just give you the data. 
Petcoke was 4Q was 37%, 1Q 27%. 10% reduction in the overall mix.
Shravan Shah:
And coal share was how much in 1Q?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Coal was 53% in 4Q and 67% in 1Q. AFR was 10% in 4Q and 6% in 1Q.
Shravan Shah:
Okay. And blended cement share in 1Q was 83%?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Yes. Blending ratio is 82%. Give or take decimal 82.
Shravan Shah:
Okay.
Moderator:
Thank you.
Shravan Shah:
Okay. And yes, just the one more, sir. Just to get a--this Jojobera and Panagarh where we got 
the CTO. So, both these 1-1 million ton will be starting in Q2 or a Q3?
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy:Look, it is available for me. I--right now in monsoon period obviously demand will be there. 
So, this number will be useful for me in Q4 when my numbers will go up. I need to dispatch 
close to about 20,000 tons per day in Jojobera. So, I have to do 20,000 tons per day in 
Jojobera, this 1 million ton will help me, headroom will help me.
Similarly, in Panagarh, we used to do about 7,000-odd tons per day. Our target is to go to 
8,500 tons per day. So, these are the numbers which will come into play in Q4 and this 
increase in capacity in Jojobera and Panagarh will help me get this consistent 8,500 per day 
and 20,500 per day.
Shravan Shah:
Okay, okay. Thank you, sir.
Moderator:
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Bishnu Sharma for closing comments. Over to you.
Bishnu Sharma:
Thank you for your questions and active participation today. We hope the discussion proved 
insightful and the IR team remains available for any post-call clarifications. As we come to the 
end, I want to leave you with a few thoughts. Our growth journey remains on track. 2 million 
tons Surat grinding unit inaugurated ahead of schedule along with the upcoming Kutch plant 
expected to be operational in the near term will significantly enhance our presence across 
Western India.
At the same time, this will help us free up capacity at our Rajasthan plant, enabling us to 
further strengthen our position in the Northern markets. We'll continue to focus on delivering 
growth and internal levers including geo-mix optimization, cost optimization, and 
premiumization, which will underpin long-term value creation for our shareholders. Thank you 
once again for your trust and support. We look forward to engaging with you again soon. 
Thank you, everyone.

Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited
July 14, 2026
Page 20 of 20
Moderator:
Thank you, management team. On behalf of Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.
