  
 
                                                                                             
August 4, 2026 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Code : 507205
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400 051. 
Symbol : TI
 
 
Sub: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held for Q1 FY27 
results 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to our letter dated July 21, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call with analysts and 
investors held on Tuesday, July 28, 2026 to discuss the Q1 FY27 results.  
 
The same is available on the website of the Company at www.tilind.com.  
 
Kindly take the above on record and acknowledge receipt. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Tilaknagar Industries Ltd. 
 
 
 
Minuzeer Bamboat 
Company Secretary, Compliance Officer & Head – Legal  
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
Minuzeer Yazdi 
Bamboat
Digitally signed by 
Minuzeer Yazdi Bamboat 
Date: 2026.08.04 
11:47:29 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
Tilaknagar Industries Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
July 28, 2026 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Tilaknagar Industries Limited’s 
Earnings Conference Call.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Tilaknagar 
Industries Limited's Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. We are joined today by 
Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Amit Dahanukar, Chief Strategy Officer, Mr. 
Ameya Deshpande, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Rajesh Choudhary, and General 
Manager - Growth and Innovation, Ms. Sanaya Dahanukar. 
 
We shall commence with views from Mr. Dahanukar on the brief performance and 
financial highlights, followed by commentary by Mr. Deshpande on the strategy going 
ahead. This shall be followed by an interactive question-and-answer session. 
 
Before we commence, I would like to state that certain statements made on today's 
call could be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has been 
included in the results presentation that was shared with you earlier and which is 
also available on the stock exchange website. 
 
I would now like to request Mr. Dahanukar to make his opening remarks. Over to 
you, sir. 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Good morning, everyone. Happy to have you all join us on this earnings call to 
discuss the Q1 FY27 results. I will provide an update on the current quarter's 
performance, which will be followed by Ameya taking you through the updates on 
Imperial Blue integration and guidance on future performance. 
 
Before I begin with the quarterly performance, there are a few achievements I wanted 
to highlight. Firstly, we achieved the highest ever monthly volume of 3.4 million cases 
in June'26 with Imperial Blue emerging as the largest selling Deluxe Whisky. 

 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Secondly, Tilaknagar maintained its position as the largest P&A player in India 
amongst domestic companies and the third largest overall. In our stronghold region 
of South India, Tilaknagar is the largest P&A player overall with 40% market share, 
ex-Tamil Nadu. In fact, in the state of Telangana, Tilaknagar emerged as the largest 
IMFL player overall in the month of June. 
 
As promised, we have delivered on our guidance to introduce Imperial Blue in newer 
markets by reintroducing the brand in Delhi during July'26. We have high hopes for 
the brand in Delhi and are committed to taking it back to its historical legacy and 
beyond. 
 
In Q1, our overall volumes increased by 172% on a YoY basis and 9% on a QoQ 
basis. The quarterly growth was led primarily by IB, which increased by 18% to reach 
5.4 million cases. On a YoY basis, MHB has grown by 7%. We have achieved this 
growth despite some disruptions in the month of April. 
 
Now moving over to the financial performance. The overall NSR increased by 1.5% 
to Rs. 1,183 per case for Q1 FY27 from Rs. 1,166 per case in Q4 FY26 and by 5.3% 
from Rs. 1,123 per case in Q1 FY26. 
 
We witnessed a strong growth of 166% YoY basis to reach a net revenue of Rs. 
1,046 crore during the quarter. Adjusted for subsidy, we recorded a growth of 189% 
to reach Rs. 1,026 crore. 
 
The ongoing geopolitical tensions led to inflationary pressures across packaging 
inputs, particularly glass, resulting in a meaningful increase in packaging costs 
during the quarter. Consequently, gross margins were under pressure. However, 
these pressures were partly offset by softened ENA prices. Adjusted for subsidy, we 
have achieved a gross profit of Rs. 432 crore in Q1 FY27 and a margin of 42.1% 
compared to 45.2% in Q4 FY26. Excluding the impact of inflationary pressures, the 
margin would have been higher, closer to 44.5%. 
 
EBITDA stood at Rs. 169 crore for Q1 FY27, clocking a growth of 79% YoY and 
margin of 16.1%. Adjusted for subsidy, the EBITDA grew by 166% to reach Rs. 148 
crore and a 14.5% margin on the combined business. Excluding the impact of 
inflationary pressures, the margin would have been approximately 17%. Looking 
ahead, we remain confident of improving upon the 15.5% baseline EBITDA margin 
achieved in Q4 FY26. 
 
PAT adjusted for exceptional items and acquisition-related amortization stood at Rs. 
96 crore for Q1 FY27, clocking a growth of 9% YoY and margin of 9.4%. Adjusted 

 
Page 3 of 12 
 
for subsidy, the PAT grew by 52% to reach Rs. 76 crore and a 7.4% margin on the 
combined business. Excluding the impact of inflationary pressures and subsidy, the 
margin would have been approximately 10%.  
We incurred an exceptional expense to the tune of Rs. 30 crore during Q1 FY27, 
predominantly on account of TSMA fees and integration-related expenses. 
 
As on 30th June 2026, our gross debt stood at Rs. 2,241 crore and net debt stood 
at Rs. 2,100 crore. The increase in net debt is primarily on account of complete 
working capital cycle investment.  
 
However, I want to reassure you that our target is to take the net debt in March '27 
to approximately Rs. 1,700 crore. 
 
I wanted to reiterate that our focus going forward will be divided into 4 parts:  
1. Continue our journey to generate and fulfil demands for our brands to deliver 
a double-digit volume growth  
2. Optimize packaging, processes and supply chain and reap benefits of 
operating leverage and economies of scale, helping us achieve an EBITDA 
margin of 16%-18% on combined business in the next 2 years  
3. Focus on efficient capital deployment, disciplined debt management and 
working capital investments, facilitating the reduction of net debt-to-EBITDA 
below 1.0x by FY29  
4. Ride on the pan-India distribution strength of Imperial Blue and Mansion 
House franchises to expand TI's luxury and premium portfolio, including SSL 
 
On the brand front, our priorities have been clear, increase trade and consumer 
engagements for Imperial Blue. We have successfully carried out new activations in 
28,000 outlets during Q1 with consistent on-ground communications. 
 
Lastly, I wanted to update on the Super Premium and Luxury side of the business 
housed within House of TI. We have expanded the presence of our Luxury brands, 
Monarch Legacy Edition Brandy, Seven Islands Pure Malt Whisky and Samsara Gin 
owned by Spaceman Spirits in West Bengal during the quarter. 
 
SSL has more than doubled their sales in Q1 FY27 v/s Q1 FY26, demonstrating 
strong market for craft spirits in India. The growth is led by Samsara Pink and the 
new launches with Indian flavors, Jamun & Pink Salt and Raw Mango & Jalapeno. 
SSL has also launched a ready-to-pour drink in the fast-growing agave and tequila 
space called House:Pour Picante towards end of Q1. 

 
Page 4 of 12 
 
 
During the quarter, we also doubled down on our investment in Bartisans by 
increasing our stake from 36.2% to 41.5%. The proceeds from this investment will 
be used to expand within the quick commerce segment, product and packaging 
innovation and for collaborative launches with TI.  
We are extremely optimistic on our luxury play, both organic and through our 
strategic investments. 
 
I will now hand over to Ameya to take you through the integration of Imperial Blue 
and provide guidance on the future performance. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Thank you, and a very warm welcome to everyone joining us today.  
On the post-acquisition integration front, I am happy to inform you that we have 
additionally transitioned from 2 more states, taking the tally to 90% of the IB business 
being successfully transitioned into Tilaknagar operated units. Now only 1 state 
remains under TSMA, and we expect to transition them over the course of the next 
few quarters with an outer date of March 2027. 
 
I would now like to provide some guidance on the combined business going forward.  
We maintain our guidance for FY27 of achieving a high single-digit to low double-
digit volume growth for the combined business. We are upgrading the guidance 
beyond FY27, including new launches planned from FY28 onwards. We expect an 
annual volume growth in mid-teens over the next couple of years, and our revenues 
are expected to grow at least by ~300 basis points higher than the volume growth. 
 
In terms of margins, we expect the consolidated EBITDA margins to reach 16%-18% 
for the combined business by FY29 with upward bias on the range. For FY27, we 
expect our margin to improve from the base of 15.5% set in Q4 FY26.  
As guided in the past as well, we expect the net debt-to-EBITDA ratio going below 
1.0x by March’29. 
 
Lastly, I would like to explain a small change that we have made in the NSR 
calculation. While calculating the NSR, we have now reduced cash discounts, 
breakages and wastages. This change is limited to the NSR calculation only, and 
there is no change in reported net revenues in the current or past quarters. The NSR 
for the current quarter was Rs. 1,183 per case compared to Rs. 1,166 per case in 
Q4 FY26. 
 
With that, I would now request the operator to open the call for Q&A. 

 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session.  
 
 
The first question comes from the line of Abneesh Roy with Nuvama Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thank you. I have two questions. First is on the IB overall scale-up. Specific question 
was, if you could tell us which states are seeing more traction and where there are 
more challenges? And specific question was also on Karnataka. In Karnataka clearly 
all the liquor companies are highlighting good recovery post the reforms. If you could 
tell us how has the competition shaped up for IB in that market? My sense is there 
will be a lot of changes in terms of the pricing given there is a lot of flexibility, number 
of slabs are also reduced. So, if you could update on the Karnataka also? That is my 
first question. 
Amit Dahanukar: 
On Karnataka post price reduction, we have seen a good uptake in our volumes 
since the price reduction has taken place. And our market shares also have 
significantly improved in the operating segment. 
Abneesh Roy: 
The other question was in which states you have seen more traction in IB because 
clearly, there was a lot of opportunity given it was underinvested last few years. So, 
which states you are seeing more challenges versus the company average and 
where you are seeing more traction also? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Broadly, when we have taken over the business, what the market share was at the 
time of exit, we have seen improvement in all states. Of course, the improvement 
would have been varying magnitudes. But without exception, we have seen 
improvement in market shares post-acquisition compared to the 3 months average 
at exit. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Okay. Improvement I understand, obviously, there will be improvement.  
Amit Dahanukar: 
Improvement in market share. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Yes. But relative basis, which states have been easier, which states it is more work 
to do versus average? See, everything will be better, I understand because clearly, 
your overall aggression and your local connect, etc. will be faster. But I wanted to 
understand which states are doing better? Which states are not doing better versus 
your national average? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
So, without getting into the flavor of individual states, Abneesh, I would say that 
South on the whole has been an easier and more seamless transition for us given 
our size and scale even before the acquisition. Improvements over there perhaps 

 
Page 6 of 12 
 
have been better than some of the other regions. But even in the North and the East, 
we have seen improvements. And also West, in Maharashtra, we have increased 
our market share. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Abneesh, again, like Mr. Dahanukar mentioned, we would not get into details of the 
states. But needless to say, in each of the 4 regions, we have expanded our market 
share over what we actually got it when we acquired the business. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. My last question is on the specific comment you made on Delhi. So, Delhi, 
clearly, you have launched IB again. I wanted to understand peak market share or 
peak size in Delhi for IB. And when do you see that getting achieved? 
 
And second on North India and other parts of South India, is the team scale up done 
or still in terms of team and network there is work to do, given you were a South-
focused company earlier, but now with IB being done pan-India, I wanted to 
understand team's overall depth and network depth? Are you happy with current 
level of performance in those markets? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
The team scale up, Abneesh, has been totally completed. I think pre acquisition, our 
strength was approximately 350 people. As on March 31, it was 850+ people. So, 
the scale-up has been completed across India with particularly most of the additions 
came they were feet on ground in terms of the sales operation because obviously, 
we were well covered in the South. But we have added capability across North, West, 
Central and East India, both in terms of sales and in terms of manufacturing footprint 
as well. So that has already been completed. 
 
Delhi, I think at the peak, the volume of Imperial Blue would have been 0.5 million 
cases, and we expect that within the next 12 to 18 months, we should be seeing 
those levels. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And this 0.5 million would have been 3 years back? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
It would have been perhaps slightly more than that. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Okay. Understood. Thank you. That is it from my side. 
Rajesh Choudhary: 
2019-20. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Pre-COVID, okay. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nitin Gupta with HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Nitin Gupta: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. My first question pertains to like when we say 
Odisha, Punjab, Uttarakhand and Karnataka were impacted, is it only for IB or the 
entire portfolio? And I also wanted to check on like what are the reasons in Odisha, 
Punjab and Uttarakhand? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
See, Nitin, when it comes to the question, yes, it was predominantly for IB itself 
because we have mentioned over there that these were TSMA-related issues, TSMA 
was only relevant for IB. So those were the challenges that we had. I would not get 
into the details of what each of these challenges were. But yes, these are TSMA 
related. 
Nitin Gupta: 
I was of the view that if there is any market-related challenge, but if it is TSMA then 
it is fine. Second question is like how we are planning in IB price segment where 
other brands have strengthened formulation and another brand is looking to grow at 
a faster scale, like ICONiQ White 50% growth for this year and McDowell's also like 
increasing the scotch and targeting this segment. Do you see any sort of increased 
trade spending on the ground? That is the first thing. And second, how is the growth 
for the industry in this low Prestige segment, like where we also want to sort of 
expand IB's presence? Thank you. 
Amit Dahanukar: 
I think this competitive intensity, which you have mentioned that is absolutely correct. 
I think this segment after a long time is seeing the activity. One of the reasons why 
this segment has perhaps not grown at a high rate has been because of inactivity of 
the leading players. But we are seeing a lot of activity by all participants in this 
category, which should be helpful for the overall category growth. Let us not forget 
there is a large volume of regular range products and country liquor, which is sitting 
just below our price points. So, activations and marketing activities in this particular 
segment will only help in growing the segment. 
 
And of course, let us keep in mind also that we, as a company, also are increasing 
our A&SP reinvestment rates. We will also be active in this segment. As I had 
mentioned during my opening remarks, we have activations now present in more 
than 28,000 outlets across the country. We have also become very active. 
Nitin Gupta: 
Yes. Thank you. This is quite helpful. My last question pertains to your margin. So, 
like we wanted to recover to 15.5% EBITDA margin. How soon we can expect that 
to be achieved? Like this packaging material inflation impact we are seeing. So, what 
is your view? How long it will continue? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
See, when we say that we want to increase our margins beyond the base of 15.5%, 
we are assuming that inflation is status quo as such. But having said so, in Q3 and 

 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Q4 is when you will see significant uptick in margins because from a seasonality 
perspective, those are the largest quarters from a saliency. Q2, you should be 
looking at margins in a similar range, but this would be on account of incremental 
A&SP reinvestments as well. 
Nitin Gupta: 
Okay. Thank you. And it would be great if you can sort of help us understand how 
are you planning for next 3-4 years? We are in the early stage where we got a 
national brand. And looking at the past of other domestic players, like they have been 
entering the premium space, plus they are also strengthening their back end. Any 
thoughts what you can offer? I guess the near term, the focus will be more on the IB 
stability and then you will go for that. But any thoughts if you can offer, that would be 
great. Thank you. 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Currently, as we have given in our earlier narratives also, this year will be focused 
on the IB integration and increasing the width and distribution of our existing 
products. Going forward, of course, there are a few vacant spaces in our portfolio, 
and we would be looking at new launches in the next 12 to 36 months to complete 
our portfolio. And with the new launches in place, we expect the volume growth to 
be in mid-double digit. We will have a CAGR of mid-teens till FY29. 
 
Broadly, I think the company is pointed in the right direction. And on the back of this 
distribution, of course, we will be introducing our premium products as well. Our own 
House of TI products, which is the Monarch Legacy Edition Brandy and Seven 
Islands Pure Malt Whisky. We also have the extensive Spaceman Spirits portfolio, 
which we are taking to new markets as well. In terms of our Luxury and Super 
Premium offerings also, our portfolio is fairly complete, and we have the distribution 
infrastructure now, which we will leverage. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Nitin, in terms of growth, the way to look at this is that you will have the existing 
business, including IB, where we will continue to gain market share. While we have 
done a reasonable job over the past 7 months with IB within our fold in terms of 
market share gains, that will only continue going forward. 
 
Along with that, like Mr. Dahanukar mentioned, you will have a significant focus being 
put by us on the super-premium portfolio as well. And as we have also reiterated in 
our presentation as well, we have revised our guidance upwards in terms of volumes 
on account of the new launches that we will be undertaking FY28 onwards. 
Nitin Gupta: 
Sure, this is super helpful. Thank you and all the very best. 

 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Heer Gogri with Choice 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Heer Gogri: 
Hello, thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to ask what should we expect the run 
rate for IB volume going forward on a QoQ basis? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
For the full year, it will be a double-digit growth. I think when we acquired the 
business, it was around 21.5 million cases. So clearly, we expect that we would end 
the year with a double-digit volume growth for Imperial Blue. 
Heer Gogri: 
Okay. And what is the NSR for IB for this quarter? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
We do not give a bifurcated NSR, Heer. It will be a combined NSR that we are 
providing. 
Heer Gogri: 
Okay. And one last question would be, are you expecting any price rise from 
Telangana and any expectation on that front? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Price rise from Telangana, we are expecting because now it has been 3 years since 
the earlier price increase was given. We are in active discussions. The industry is 
engaged with the government, and we do expect price increase to happen soon.  
Ameya Deshpande: 
And in terms of quantifying what the impact of this price increase would be, it would 
be in the range of 150-200 basis points incremental impact on margins, on an 
annualized basis. 
Heer Gogri: 
Okay, got it. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vijay Jangir with Systematix Group. Please 
go ahead. 
Vijay Jangir: 
Hello. Thank you, sir. Thank for the opportunity. Sir, on Prag Distillery, we were 
expecting around Rs. 100 million annual savings. Are there any cost savings 
reflecting in Q1 FY27 margin? And what is the current utilization rate for the Prag 
Distillery? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes. So, you have not seen the entire benefit of the bottling coming into Prag 
Distilleries, but what is already baked into the numbers would be to the tune of 
around 60%-70%. 
Vijay Jangir: 
And sir, could you please comment on how competition in Maharashtra-Made Liquor 
category is shaping up, if you can say something on that? 

 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Currently, Vijay, the MML category from what we understand, the industry is hovering 
in that 6-7 lakh cases per month region, there has not been a significant movement 
as it happens in these volumes over the past few months. 
 
Most specifically for us, we have been expanding market share in the state. I will 
speak more from our perspective. IB has done fairly well in the state in the past few 
months. We keep inching our market shares in the state in the relevant price point. 
Vijay Jangir: 
Okay, sir. Yes, that is it from our side. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vaibhav Gupta with Bowhead India Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. Sir, I wanted to understand how big would be 
Tamil Nadu market for us? And if there is a route to market change, how it would 
impact us? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Currently, the Tamil Nadu business is not very large for us. I think annualized, it 
would be less than 0.5 million cases. But let us keep in mind that Tamil Nadu is the 
largest brandy market in India, approximately probably 50-odd million cases of 
brandy sold in Tamil Nadu. We are waiting and watching in terms of what could be 
the policy changes, which may happen post the new government, which is in place 
in Tamil Nadu. If they allow imports or if there is some move to open up the market 
further, we could be potentially big beneficiaries of the same. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
Understood, sir. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sucrit Patil with Eyesight Fintrade. Please 
go ahead. 
Sucrit Patil: 
Good afternoon to the team. I have two questions. The first question for Mr. Amit 
Dahanukar is, beyond the regular outlook that you have given, I just want to 
understand what are the top 2-3 execution priorities you are focusing on in the next 
few quarters? And alongside that, what do you see as the biggest risk in consumer 
demand shift or competitive pressures? And how are you preparing to manage them 
whilst strengthening the company's position in the alcobev industry? That is the first 
question. I will ask my second question after this. 
Amit Dahanukar: 
I think one of the execution priorities was the successful integration, which is already 
behind us. I think as I had mentioned earlier in my opening remarks and added by 
Ameya that the sales integration was completed by February and 90% of the 
manufacturing integration has been completed by April. Given the scale of the 

 
Page 11 of 12 
 
business which the company has acquired, I would say that the team has executed 
very well to complete this integration less than about 4 months after acquiring the 
business. 
 
The immediate priorities are in terms of widening and deepening the distribution of 
Imperial Blue and reinvesting in A&SP so that our market shares can climb. And post 
takeover of the business, as I had mentioned earlier also, we have seen 
improvements across states, in terms of improvement in the market share, and we 
would only hope that this would now continue in the coming quarters. 
 
And the third priority is with the distribution network which we have, we will 
concentrate on our Luxury business as well. I think that is a long-term priority for us 
in terms of building the portfolio of the Luxury business and the new launches. 
Sucrit Patil: 
My second question to Mr. Rajesh is, again, from a financial point of view, what key 
risk or challenges do you anticipate in the coming quarters? And what specific 
measures are being taken to manage margins, cash flow and balance sheet 
strength, especially in areas like raw material cost volatility, receivables and 
regulatory compliance? Thank you. 
Rajesh Choudhary: 
The inflation is something that is to be watched out. And obviously, we have called 
out that in the Q1, it has some impact. But having said that, there are several 
mitigating factors that we have, including the price increase in various states and the 
ongoing discussions that we are having in a few more states to get a price increase, 
and that will help us to mitigate the impact of the raw material increase.  
Amit Dahanukar: 
I would like to add to what Rajesh mentioned, I think the term debt, which the 
company has of ~Rs. 2,000 crore that has been structured where majority of the 
payments, almost 80% of the payments are happening in years 5 and 6, which is 
giving us adequate cushion in terms of the repayment structure with the moratorium 
in the first 2 years. But that said, I think the net debt currently stands at Rs. 2,100 
crore for Q1. And we have a clear target that by March 31, FY27, net debt should be 
around Rs. 1,700 crore. So, there is a clear intent of reducing debt by approximately 
Rs. 400 crore in this financial year. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
And I just wanted to add one point on the inflation front as well. So along with the 
multiple mitigating factors that are there, one other very important and critical one is 
the supply chain optimization. We have identified in the past and also communicated 
the same on our earnings calls in terms of what is the kind of benefit that we see 
from our supply chain optimization activities. All of these will essentially lead to a 
scenario where we will expand our margins on the acquired business between 250-

 
Page 12 of 12 
 
400 basis points irrespective. And when it comes to our consolidated business, we 
would be expanding our margins by approximately 250-odd basis points. 
Sucrit Patil: 
Thank you and best wishes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing 
remarks. 
Management: 
Thank you all for joining us on today's call and for your continued interest in 
Tilaknagar Industries. We are pleased with the strong start to FY27 and the 
significant progress we have made in the integration of Imperial Blue. As we move 
into the next phase of our journey, our focus will be on driving sustainable growth, 
strengthening our premium portfolio and leveraging our expanded pan-India 
distribution network. We remain confident in the long-term opportunities ahead and 
appreciate your continued trust and support. We look forward to updating you on our 
progress in the coming quarters. Thank you once again for your time and have a 
great day. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The document has been edited for clarity. The Company takes 
no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to maintain a high level of accuracy.  
 
 
