Ashiana Housing Ltd. 
304, Southern Park, Saket District Centre, 
Saket, New Delhi – 110 017 
CIN: L70109WB1986PLC040864 
Regd. Office: 5F Everest, 46/C Chowringhee Road, Kolkata – 700 071 
011-42654265, Email: investorrelations@ashianahousing.com
Website: www.ashianahousing.com
Date: 17th August 2026 
Sub: Transcript for Earnings Call held on 12th August 2026 for the quarter ended on 30th June 2026 
Dear Sir, 
Please find attached the Transcript for Earnings Call for analysts and investors held on 12th 
August 2026 to discuss the performance of the company for the quarter ended on 30th  June 2026. 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
Thanking you, 
For Ashiana Housing Ltd. 
Nitin Sharma 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
Membership No. 21191 
To 
The Secretary 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Security Code No.: 523716 
To 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ASHIANA 
NITIN 
SHARMA
Digitally signed 
by NITIN SHARMA 
Date: 2026.08.17 
18:00:55 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
  
“Ashiana Housing Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 12, 2026 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VARUN GUPTA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
ASHIANA HOUSING LIMITED 
MR. VIKASH DUGAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ASHIANA HOUSING LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MS. KUNJAL AGARWAL – ARIHANT CAPITAL 
MARKETS LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Ashiana Housing Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Kunjal Agarwal from Arihant Capital Markets. Thank 
you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Kunjal Agarwal: 
Hello, and good evening to everyone. On behalf of Arihant Capital Markets Limited, I thank 
you all for joining into Q1 FY27 earnings conference call of Ashiana Housing Limited. Today 
from the management, we have Mr. Varun Gupta, the Whole-Time Director; and Mr. Vikash 
Dugar, the CFO of the company.  
So without any further delay, I would hand over the call to the management for their opening 
remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Vikash Dugar: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and a warm welcome to all of you for joining our earnings 
conference call for the first quarter of financial year 2027. The real estate sector entered FY27 
on a more moderated note after the strong momentum witnessed through FY26. 
Residential demand across key markets softened somewhat during the quarter, weighed down 
by global economic uncertainties and a cautious wait-and-watch approach among some 
homebuyers. At the same time, developers continue to remain confident in the medium to long-
term outlook with new project launches holding firm and prices remaining resilient across most 
markets. 
Premiumization continued to be defining trend, with buyers increasingly gravitating towards 
larger, well-designed homes from established and financially disciplined developers, reinforcing 
the ongoing shift towards organized and branded players. 
The Senior Living segment continued to remain relatively insulated from these broader demand 
fluctuations, supported by structural demographic-led growth drivers. Changing family 
structures, rising urbanization and a growing preference for community-based living among 
senior citizens continue to strengthen the long-term case for this segment. 
With organized supply still limited relative to the size of India's aging population, the 
opportunity for established players in this space remains significant and largely unaffected by 
short-term cyclicality in the broader housing market. I will now take you through our operating 
highlights for the quarter, followed by our financial performance. 
Starting with our operational performance for the quarter. The company recorded a booking 
value of INR358 crores during the quarter gone by, with 3.6 lakh square feet of area sold across 
234 units. While bookings moderated compared to the exceptionally strong preceding quarter, 
our collections remained healthy at INR409 crores, registering a 6% year-on-year growth, 
reflecting sustained customer confidence and strong collection efficiency. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Average realization also improved significantly to INR9,923 per square foot, representing a 37% 
year-on-year increase, driven by a favorable product mix and continued pricing resilience across 
our portfolio. 
During the quarter, we made a significant investment towards our future growth pipeline through 
acquisition of 28.55 acres of land at Vadgaon, Maval in Pune. This is the largest ever land 
acquisition undertaken by the company for a Senior Living project with an estimated saleable 
area of approximately 20 lakh square feet and a potential sales value of around INR1,800 crores. 
On the execution front, we commenced handover for Phase 1 of Ashiana Nitara in Jaipur during 
the quarter, marking another important milestone in our project delivery. Overall, we continue 
to make meaningful progress across the key pillars of our long-term growth strategy by 
maintaining a diversified geographical presence, expanding our Senior Living portfolio, 
strengthening our development pipeline and progressing steady on project execution. 
Coming to the financial performance. Revenue from operations for the quarter stood at INR107 
crores compared to INR293 crores in Q1 FY26. Revenue recognition in Q1 FY27 was primarily 
driven by handovers at Ashiana Nitara in Jaipur. Higher revenue in FY26 was attributable to 
more deliveries.  
PAT for Q1 FY27 was lower vis-a-vis Q4 of FY26 due to lower deliveries. Importantly, our 
operating cash generation remained healthy during the quarter at INR121 crores compared to 
INR108 crores in same quarter last year. This reflects the strength of our collections, disciplined 
execution and efficient working capital management despite lower reported revenues. 
We also commenced the redemption of NCDs issued to ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund during 
the quarter, INR31.25 crores, representing 25% of the original issue was redeemed. Overall, 
while the reported revenue for the quarter was impacted by timing of project handovers, the 
company continued to demonstrate healthy operating cash flow generation, maintained a 
disciplined approach towards capital allocation and strengthened its development pipeline, 
particularly in the Senior Living segment. 
With this, I would like to open the floor for Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Rohan Joshi, an Individual Investor. 
Rohan Joshi: 
Hi sir. Am I audible? 
Varun Gupta: 
Yes, you are audible, Rohan. 
Rohan Joshi: 
So thank you for giving me the opportunity. So my question was on the line that the quarter 1 
bookings suggest a back-ended year versus the full year target. So I just wanted to know that 
which specific launches are expected to drive the bookings in H2? And like what gives the 
confidence in hitting the FY27 guidance that you have given in the previous con-calls given this 
soft start? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Vikash Dugar: 
Varun ji, are you there? 
Varun Gupta: 
Yes, I am there. Vikash, why don't you take it? 
Vikash Dugar: 
Yes. So you're right that the quarter 1 has been relatively softer, but we have got launches lined 
up. And there are a couple of launches lined up in Q4 that we have in the present year. 
Rohan Joshi: 
Okay. Sir. 
Varun Gupta: 
I will just come in, sorry. In July, we took out an operational update. So in July, we had a great 
launch of a project called Ashiana Oma. So as of 31st July, our full year sales had reached to 
about INR859-odd crores. So if you look at the July month was better than actually the entire 
first quarter.  
So I would say in the first half itself, exit September 30th, we should somewhere be between 
INR1,050 crores and INR1,100 crores of sales. So run rate will be maintained from there on. 
And in the second half of the year, the big launch that is lined up is Ashiana Aaroham's Phase 3 
in Gurugram. That will be critical in taking us through to the guidance. So that will be in either 
Q3 or Q4 of this year. 
Rohan Joshi: 
Okay. Got it, sir. And sir, my second question was regarding the presales growth that we will 
have. So presales grew very well last year as we have seen. So what is the sustainable presales 
trajectory from here onwards for the next three to five years? 
Varun Gupta: 
So on that front, we are not as looking for sustained presales growth in the near term. I think 
what we are planning is what do we do in the long-term thing. So we might have actually a little 
bit of dip in presales this year or the next and then, let's say, let's get back to a certain number in 
FY 28-29 or FY 29-30. A little bit of that is being driven by a little lack of inventory to sell 
coming up in Gurugram and Jaipur andBhiwadi, some of our key markets in the regular housing 
space. 
This is primarily happening because the company is shifting more and more capital towards the 
Senior Living space, where we see a much longer, deeper opportunity. So I think in the Senior 
Living space, we are looking for about 25% CAGR to be maintained over the long term, though 
at a low base, we had started about INR100 crores five years ago and presales of about INR570 
crores last year in Senior Living. And we are looking to really, really actually expand that even 
at a faster CAGR than that. 
So for a couple of years, you may not have very large presales growth or that, but we are 
comfortable with that because we are seeing margin expansion and ROE is now, as we had 
guided earlier, we are looking to get to at least 15% ROE. We can see 15% ROE sustaining 
going forward and with an increasing capital base because we do not intend to dividend out most 
significant amounts of capital. Dividends will remain the way we are growing a little bit. 
So I think the company's focus would be on maintaining that ROE trajectory doesn't fall below 
15% and sustains above 15% year-on-year every year with a little bit of fluctuation here or there 
in the presales or topline and stuff like that. So that there is compounding of the net worth 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 5 of 14 
 
happens over a long period of time. I think that's the intent. So I just thought I will put that out 
there. That said, I think Senior Living, as I articulated, we expect to see strong momentum in 
Senior Living sales going forward. 
Rohan Joshi: 
That was informative. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit from iThought PMS. 
Rohit: 
I am sorry, I just joined when you were answering question, Varun. So I am sorry if I missed it. 
So when you were giving the update on the July month, that was for presales. Is that correct? 
Varun Gupta: 
Yes. 
Rohit: 
So then just following on from there. So this year, you are confident of holding on to that 
INR2,500 crores kind of presales for FY27. Is that correct? Because I think you said there could 
be a dip in the near term. 
Varun Gupta: 
I think INR2,200 crores is what we are targeting. 
Rohit: 
Sorry. INR2,200.  
Varun Gupta: 
INR2,200 we are confident of holding it this year. At this moment in time, it looks good. We 
should exit H1 at about INR1,100 crores, as I indicated, between INR1,050 crores, INR1,100 
crores, given that we hit INR860 crores by July. So INR850 crores. 
Rohit: 
Right. Okay. That's good to hear. And sorry, just one, two small things. So one was on this 
Bengaluru CPs that we were looking at. Anything further on that? We haven't heard any update. 
So I just wanted to check. 
Varun Gupta: 
So there has been progress, Rohit, on the CPs being resolved in Bengaluru. I am hoping that we 
should have the final definitive documentation signed off sooner than later. So there has been 
progress there. And we have actually put a team deployed two people there on team who are 
gearing up to make things ready to get the project launch going. So I am quite confident that 
South Bengaluru should happen soon. 
Rohit: 
Okay. This is in South Bengaluru, got it. I just wanted to check where you are in Bengaluru.  
Varun Gupta: 
This is on Kanakapura Road. 
Rohit: 
Right, I forgot. I think I remember the listing that you had posted when you had acquired this, 
when you had given this notification. So sorry, one more question, Varun, was, so I mean, if we 
were to look at the presentation where you give quarterly delivery, of course, it can change here 
and there a bit. But it seems that, I mean, you said 15% ROE. I think we were 15% ROE last 
year also or just about there. 
Varun Gupta: 
Yes. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Rohit: 
So, I think based on what you are saying and what, I mean, given the margins can significantly 
increase from here, given the projects that we have for delivery, they must have very good 
margins going forward because of the realization growth and in general operating leverage. So, 
I mean, is it not fair that we will probably cross 20% ROE this year on a reported basis? 
Varun Gupta: 
Yes, that is fair. So when I say 15%, the goal of the company is to make 15% ROE the floor 
ROE on a long-term basis. And have years higher than that. So the first was to get to 15%, but 
the strategic objective is to make that the floor, and figure out how do we do that. 
Rohit: 
Sure. No, that's a very well taken point given the fact that it's a very cyclical industry. If you are 
able to do it, then I think it will be a phenomenal achievement. Varun, I understand and I think 
we have spoken on this in the past few con calls that you are not so much driven by the... 
Rohit: 
Sorry, I was saying that, I understand your point that you are not so much fixated by the presales 
growth, at least in the near term. But even if you were to sort of, let's say, one, two years, you 
are not going to grow because we do not have that much inventory. 
Rohit: 
Yes. So, I was just saying that while I understand your point on not going to presales immediately 
and we will not have the inventory. But how do we sort of, in the quest of trying to balance that 
15% ROE aspiration and also grow because ultimately, that is what all of us also want as a 
company. 
So how do we balance that? I am not saying that we should, I mean, of course, we do not have 
land, we probably get land in the next one, two years and subsequently launch. But just to 
understand from your perspective, let's say, three, four years out, how do we sort of ready 
ourselves to grow from this INR2,200 crores, INR2,300 crores presales that we will sort of be 
at given the inventory position, how do we go from that level to the next level whenever that 
happens, let's say, three, four years? So, any thoughts on that? 
Varun Gupta: 
Yes. So, Rohit, two things. If our capital base is not reducing, if you are not dividending out our 
capital or doing buybacks, which we do not intend to do, and we are looking to increase our 
capital base. There is no way ROEs can sustain without earnings growth, right? That's sheer 
mathematics. For ROE to sustain, we will have to have long-term earnings growth. So, from a 
long-term perspective, we do want to get to, let's say, in the medium term, maybe INR3,000 
crores, INR4,000 crores of presales we will need to hit. 
All I was saying was, momentarily for some quarters of challenge we could go through if that 
sustained momentum will take to get there. And I think the strategy of the company is, okay, 
let's invest more and more in Senior Living because we see that as a structural business. So the 
change is, and second, less cyclical because it's a structural change because of the change in the 
demographics. 
It's less cyclical because it's less competitive with less supply on the table as of zone. And we 
have a sort of a significant advantage of being a pioneer there and having our sort of brand placed 
and everything. So the long-term earnings growth and also presales growth is going to be driven 
by how Senior Living does. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 7 of 14 
 
And right now, it's a small base, but as we increase the Senior Living piece and the pie and when 
that increases, when it becomes a larger part of the business, it will just keep driving the growth 
of the business is where we are coming from. So let's say,  FY 29-30 target is actually to look at 
INR1,500 crores of presales from Senior Living itself. 
And once that kicks in, I think then presales growth will happen. So, we are looking at a couple 
of quarters of maybe not as much top line growth. And through those quarters, I think, though, 
we will continue to have reported earnings doing well. We will continue to have reported ROEs 
doing well. We will continue to generate positive cash and deploy into Senior Living. 
So, we have already deployed into five projects. Four right now 51 lakh square foot odd, which 
we have in the future pipe, the Bengaluru one coming up. We are in active discussions for a few 
more. I think maybe get to a first place would be to get to about INR10,000 crores of GDV in 
Senior Living. Once we have that, I think then we can see just Senior Living driving the 
momentum of the company going forward. 
I think that's the basic key. So I think we will need to INR3,000 crores, INR4,000 crores of GDV 
of presales, probably closer to INR4,000 crores in the medium term to be able to sustain those 
ROEs, and instead of just saying that instead of a straight-line path that there is, there's maybe a 
little bit of a dip for a couple of years, and we can live with that and pick that up. I think that's 
the basic thing. 
Rohit:                                      Fair Enough . All the very best and Thank you 
Varun Gupta:                         Thank you Rohit 
Moderator: 
The next question is fom the line of Chetan Thacker from M3 Investment Private Limited. Please 
go ahead. 
Chetan Thacker: 
Sir, just a question on the ROE. I think earlier we were highlighting a 20% plus ROE. And today, 
you've commented that long run, it remains 15%. So, what has changed between those two 
assumptions? 
Varun Gupta: 
Chetan, maybe I'm wrong, but whatever I remember, we have been talking about getting to 15% 
for the longest time, and we hit 15% last year in reported earnings. Maybe I'll go back and check 
the transcripts if I've said otherwise. But that said, as was on the current call, previous question, 
I think this year, we will hit 20% ROE, and we should hit 20% ROEs for a few more years given 
the plan that we have in place. I think that is something that we can do. But as I said, 15% ROE 
has been the long-term goal, that's the minimum rate that can happen and sort of compound that 
going forward. That's been the intent, 15%. 
Chetan Thacker: 
Sir, structurally, how should we look at the ROEs when we build it up from a project to the ROE 
perspective? So how does the project margin change for you more longer run, not just for a year 
or two. But how does the project margin change for you, which gets you to 15%? 
Varun Gupta: 
I think if we are able to achieve about a 30% gross margin. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Hello, sir, your voice is not audible. Hello, Varun, sir. 
Varun Gupta: 
Okay. Vikash, why don't you take this up? 
Moderator: 
It is better. 
Vikash Dugar: 
If you want to continue or else, I'll join in. 
Varun Gupta: 
So, as we generally target about a 30% gross profit margin at the project level, about a 12% 
SG&A and 18% PBT margin and 12-13% PAT margin. If we are able to sustain that whenever 
whicheveryear, I think overall, generally, our ROEs should translate into the teens. And if we 
are able to improve the margin profile further from here, then that takes us about 20%. That's 
the general sort of view for me. 
Chetan Thacker: 
And levers to improve the margin, would it be more pricing power given the brand and given 
how we are placed in the Senior Citizen market, that would be one key lever? Or are there any 
other levers as well there? 
Varun Gupta: 
So square foot pricing power is definitely a key lever in Senior Living. And what we are also 
intending to do in Senior Living is increase our product profile into a little bit more higher-end 
segment. So, if you see our pricing has been increasing on a ticket size basis. Also, we are going 
up to more premiumized products. As Vikash ji had mentioned in his opening, premiumization 
remains the same. So, as we premiumize our products and enter higher sort of category of 
products, there also margin should improve. 
Vikash Dugar: 
If I may just add to that, Varun ji, I think the other factor is the operating leverage fully playing 
out in the long run because if we are talking about the Senior Living, which is relatively more 
resilient towards cyclical fluctuations. So that attains a critical mass, something like INR1,500 
crores of presales that you talked about, the kind of operating leverage which will flow through 
will also give a sustained kind of impact on the margins in the long run and hence the ROEs as 
well. 
Chetan Thacker: 
Understood, sir. Thank you, sir. That's helpful. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankit Shah from White Equity Investment Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankit Shah: 
Thank you for taking my question. Sir, apart from Bengaluru, any other business development 
near closure, particularly in Jaipur, Gurugram, if you can share something. 
Varun Gupta: 
On the business development front, we have active conversations going on in Jamshedpur, 
something in Chennai, something in Mumbai, Pune, in NCR. I think we should get something 
done in a small thing in Jamshedpur, hopefully sooner than later. And outside that in Bengaluru, 
things are in advanced stages of discussion, but they are still in discussions. I don't think we'll 
have any announcements in the coming quarter, but hopefully, in the third quarter of this year, 
we should announce those transactions as well. 
Ankit Shah: 
Okay. That's it from my side. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Banerjee, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Banerjee: 
Yes. Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. So, I have a few questions on the side of the revenue 
quality. So, my first question is like what's the underlying run rate for bookings? Is Q1 FY27, 
INR358 crores closer to steady state? Or is the big launch due later in FY27 to normalize the 
number? 
Varun Gupta: 
So, Aditya, numbers in the deliveries are not driven by launches. So, when you're talking about 
quarters, that's depending on handing over and that's driven on OC. For this year, I think we give 
a delivery schedule and a revenue schedule that's in slide... 
Vikash Dugar: 
He is talking about presales; he's talking about launches. 
Varun Gupta: 
Are you talking about presales when you said INR350 crores for the quarter or you talking about 
revenue in the financial statement? 
Aditya Banerjee: 
Revenue in the financial statement. 
Varun Gupta: 
You're talking about the financial statement. You're talking about the reported revenue, correct? 
Aditya Banerjee: 
Yes. 
Varun Gupta: 
Yes. So reported revenues in Slide 15 of the deck, we have given an indication of how much we 
expect to report this year. And this year is expected around about INR2,000 crores of revenue. 
So definitely, Q1 and that number was not at all normal. I would also say quarterly revenues for 
a real estate company and quarterly profits are not so valuable because our revenues keep 
fluctuating depending on delivery. 
So, two projects, Ashiana Anmol Phase 3 and Ashiana Amarah Phase 1 totalled about INR532 
crores of revenue. We got those OC (Occupancy Certificates) in the middle of July. So, they're 
coming in July, August, September, we gave that update. If that occupancy certificate had come 
in on, let's say, 25th of June, we would have been able to recognize the entire revenue in June 
itself. But since it came in on 15th July, everything is, or the middle of July, not 15, in the middle 
of July, everything is coming in the second quarter. 
Now that kind of fluctuation, I don't have any ability to control in our business, and that will 
remain. So Q1 was reflective, and I would say Q2 may not be reflective as well. We should look 
at revenues and reported profits on a year-on-year basis. Therefore, in our Slide deck, we have 
given a sense of what kind of annual revenue should we expect. And what we're trying to do is 
make sure those get met out in the year that things don't slip from one year to the other. And I 
think that's the endeavor that the company has at this point in time. 
Aditya Banerjee: 
Okay. Got it. So, my other question is that according to my understanding that the units sold fell 
from 407 to 234 year-over-year even as the ticket sizes rose. Is this deliberate or a genuine 
volume slowdown? 
Varun Gupta: 
Again, difficult to say it's not deliberate. But also, we are, as I had indicated earlier, we have 
some lesser inventory in some markets. So that had an impact. So, the launch happened in July, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 10 of 14 
 
So I clarified earlier by 31st July, our overall presales for the year was INR859 crores. So, and 
we have guided for about INR2,200 crores this year. And I think we are on track to meet that 
guidance as of now. As I said, H1, we should exit probably INR1,050 crores, INR1,100 crores 
of presales. So things are going all right. 
Aditya Banerjee: 
Okay. Sir, and on the portfolio mix side, the ongoing portfolio mix has shifted to Elite and 
Premium homes at 36% versus Senior Living at just 23%. So like given Ashiana's brand is built 
on Senior Living leadership, is this a deliberate strategic pivot towards higher ticket premium 
homes? 
Varun Gupta: 
No. Actually, if you look at our company, even though we were known for Senior Living, Senior 
Living was probably 10% of our business five years ago, okay? Let's say, FY22 or '23 would 
have been 10% of our business, which has become 23%. If you look at deliberate pivot, I would 
again, on the deck, I would urge you to go to Slide number 19, which is our land available for 
future development. 
 
And if you see the entire 5 million square foot is Senior Living. Bengaluru, which I just spoke 
about on the call, which will get added to this land available for future development, hopefully 
soon, is also Senior Living. So a large part of the pivot is happening towards Senior Living. Even 
in Slide 18 of future projects, which is phases of existing developments. About 40%, 45% of 
that is also Senior Living. So this mix will change decisively in favor of Senior Living in the 
next two to three years. 
Aditya Banerjee: 
Okay. Sir, and I have this last question that the Kid-Centric Homes is concentrated almost 
entirely in Gurugram. So how are you thinking about the geographic concentration risk there 
versus diversifying to other cities? 
Varun Gupta: 
So we have done Kid-Centric Homes in Jaipur as well and Bhiwadi as well. Then we have done 
Gurugram. Kid-Centric Homes as a concept, we are still sort of fine-tuning the recipe, if that's 
the way to put it, where we are learning how to differentiate the concept better as we go along. 
Like the Senior Living concept, we have differentiated. We have understood the model. We are 
in the zone of scaling it up. 
 
Our first two really, really differentiated Kid-Centric Homes projects are in Gurugram. One in 
Amarah, we have just delivered Phase 1. The Aaroham, we have just launched. I think it will 
take us a few more years, I would say, two, three more years to sort of figure out Kid-Centric 
Homes better. And once we have figured it out better, I think we'll take the part of really scaling 
that up and taking it to more and more cities as we go forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Khushi Solanki, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Khushi Solanki: 
I wanted to ask about the Vadgaon, Pune acquisition. Can you walk us through the payback 
assumptions on the INR1,800 crores. What type of square foot per project and absorption pace 
are you underwriting currently? 
Varun Gupta: 
I couldn't understand you fully, Khushi, the sound is a little muffled. Can you repeat that please 
for us? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Khushi Solanki: 
Am I audible now? 
Varun Gupta: 
Yes, you are. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Khushi, your voice is not audible. 
Varun Gupta: 
Khushi, I will say what I understood please say, yes or no, if I understood the question correctly. 
You said the new Vadgaon parcel that we have taken up, you were asking what are our 
assumptions to be able to do INR1,800 crores of revenue and what kind of annual absorption do 
we expect in that project. Is my understanding correct, is that the question? 
Khushi Solkani: 
Yes, right. Right, sir. 
Varun Gupta: 
Okay. So it's a 20 lakh square foot project. So we are estimating about INR9,000 to INR10,000 
of revenue per square foot on saleable area. So that translates into about INR1,800 crores to 
INR2,000 crores. So that is our estimated at underwriting. Yes, and we expect to sell about 2 
lakh square foot a year. 
 
So that takes about a 10-year development time frame. So it's a little longer development time 
frame, but we hope to enjoy good margins here. So that should take care of overall returns from 
that perspective. And if things go better than expected, then I would say we could do probably 
3 lakh square foot a year and wrap up the project in about 7-odd years. 
Khushi Solkani: 
Okay. Got it. And another thing, why is the NCD funding for this land parcel specifically, while 
internal cash accruals given are INR785 crores net cash positioning at FY 2026? 
Varun Gupta: 
So the NCD financing was actually done by the landlords itself. The landlords wanted to have a 
partial revenue share position in the project. They didn't want to sell it fully. So they were 
keeping a very minority stake overall. So therefore, in our view, we wanted to take the title of 
the full land. We didn't want to do a part JDA. 
 
So we said we'll do a full acquisition, and we'll issue you debentures to basically mimic that. So 
basically, they wanted to keep a 25% equity. So they've contributed 25% of the purchase value 
back to the debentures. And we agreed on a 6% revenue share for the remaining, so they're 
getting 6% revenue share, which actually to structure the transaction. 
Khushi Solkani: 
Okay. And what is the expected launch time for this? 
Varun Gupta: 
About 18 months. Yes, so let's say this H2 of next financial year is when we expect to launch 
this. 
Khushi Solkani: 
Okay, sir. Thank you.  
Varun Gupta: 
Thank you, Khushi. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Himanshu from Steadfort. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Himanshu: 
A small query. See, on the five, six projects what we are trying to acquire, what type of capex 
we are expecting? And in FY27 or let's say, FY27, '28 on the projects which are very near to 
completion. Near to completion means or near to acquisition, okay? 
Varun Gupta: 
Yes. So we have a total budget of deploying about INR800 crores in this financial year, including 
about INR180 crores that got deployed in the last quarter. So we are looking to deploy INR800 
crores for the year total. 
Himanshu: 
And this includes all the deals we are talking right now?  
Varun Gupta: 
Yes, it includes the deal we have done in the last quarter and all the deals that we are in active 
conversations with and serious conversations with. 
Himanshu: 
And one more thing. In some of the projects, historically, IFC also used to come, okay, or we 
had agreement with IFC. Those agreements with IFC only for residential means can they also 
be partner in senior living or they will be always on the other side, those agreements still 
continues or it is over? 
Varun Gupta: 
So those are partner in senior living. They're actually a partner in Ashiana Vatsalya where they 
have provided capital there as well. The first platform, we had fully exhausted. In the second 
platform, we were only able to deploy INR100-odd crores into Aaroham. But the platform time 
line has been over. We have not been able to deploy the rest. 
 
Just because by the time we timed some of the projects and what their criteria for investment in 
these other cities outside of Gurugram were, we were not able to meet on the ticket sizes. So 
they have an upper cap of ticket size that they can finance of a unit. And Gurugram, we had 
some relaxations in place. But like in Chennai, Aranya or in Tattvam in Panvel, where they could 
have deployed, we were not able to meet their ticket size requirements. So unfortunately, because 
of that, we were not able to go through. 
Himanshu: 
Okay. Now there are no more, funds or agreement with the IFC? 
Varun Gupta: 
There is no active agreement with them. We are discussing with them how we can work together 
in the future. It's a partnership, I think both of us have enjoyed. 
Vikash Dugar: 
We are open to future deals. 
Varun Gupta: 
We enjoy the kind of capital that IFC brings to the table, I think it works really well for an 
organization like us. And I think they have also enjoyed good returns on the projects that we 
have been able to do. So, we are actively discussing if we can do further capital. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil, an Individual Investor. 
Nikhil: 
So just two questions. First, that you said that you're trying to make the business less cyclical. 
So just wanted to have a broad understanding that what could be the low and high of presales 
year-on-year? Just a broad understanding, if you could. And second is, in case of multiple 
projects, how does operating leverage work? I got a sense that if it's a big project, then it will 
work, but you are across so many geographies. How would operating leverage work? That's all. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Varun Gupta: 
Nikhil, So two things. One, I don't know what the high and the low of a cycle would be… 
Vikash Dugar: 
I think at some point in time, a couple of years back, we were looking at this number. And the 
idea was to look at the higher top and higher bottom, what we typically call in case of a capital 
market cycle as well. But then that was a while ago, we looked at a number of something like 
10 lakh square foot. That is a minimum that we need to kind of break even. 
 
But then after that, our product portfolio has changed. The component of Senior Living has been 
increasing. So I think we need to take a fresh look as to what is the kind of number that we look 
at the minimum number in any kind of cycle and the maximum number we can go to. 
Varun Gupta: 
So Nikhil, the intent has become that how do we get to a place where, we can make 15% ROEs 
a floor in the organization. I think at first, it was an aspiration to get there. We got there on an 
economic basis two, three years ago, on a reported basis last year. I think what we are looking 
to do is create a floor in the business of 15% return on equity. 
 
So, we are trying to get more structural products in the portfolio where we think Senior Living 
has got structural tailwinds behind it as India's demographics change and I would say also the 
first real private sector children's of liberalization start retiring, economic liberalization of '91. 
And I think that's what we are playing at. It would be very hard to give a bottom or a top. And 
in terms of operating leverage, I think operating leverage plays out in two ways. 
 
One, at the company level, I think Vikash-ji, when he was talking about operating leverage, he 
was talking about at the company level, there are a lot of fixed costs at the company level. The 
second way it also plays out is at the location level, if you see for any developer, they have a lot 
of location strength, location brand. So for us also, as we do more products in a location, our 
marketing costs fall. 
 
So let's say, Chennai, it used to be around 8% in Ashiana Shubham, and we are now down to 
about 4% to 5% of sales and marketing costs. So as we get more steadier in a location, those 
things also come down. And then larger projects also helps where approvals are on time. As the 
phases get delivered later, we should  capture some value that we have created in the product 
through increasing prices. So, there are three sort of levers, different levers playing out at 
different points of time. That's what's happening. 
Nikhil:  
 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Yadav, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Varun Yadav: 
Sir, I just wanted to know how much approximately net margins are there in Anmol Phase 3 and 
Amarah Phase 1, sir? 
Varun Gupta: 
I am not sure, how muc are net individual margins. but both are low margins. Anmol, Phase 3 is 
also a lower margin. Amarah, Phase 1 is also a relatively lower margin because Amarah as a 
project has very good margins, but Phase 3 onwards, margins are substantially better than 
Amarah. It would be hard to comment a net margin. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
 
August 12, 2026 
Page 14 of 14 
 
 
I do not know how to define a project level net margin, but gross profit margin blended between 
Anmol and Amarah should be in the mid-20s. That is pre-selling cost and general administrative, 
we should be in the mid-20s. I do not think they are at the 30 level also that we expect to get. 
Blended across both those projects, we should be in the mid-20s. 
Vikash Dugar: 
Sorry. Anmol 3, what we can tell you is that our margin gradually improved phase over phases 
compared to Q1, then in Q2 and Q3, pricing got a little better, improved, but still they were at 
a-Phase 1, 2, 3. I am talking about Anmol. In Phase 3, the margin was better than the previous 
phases, but still overall it was lower. 
Varun Yadav:  
Yes. Now that we have possession of Phase 1 of Amarah, there is still inventory left in Phase 4 
and Phase 5. Will there be any difference in that? 
Varun Gupta: 
In what way? 
Varun Yadav:  
Selling will become hard if there is a resale in Phase 1? 
Varun Gupta: 
But the other value of that is that Phase 1 is ready, so our visits have increased. Our clubhouse 
is ready to show, , our learning hub is ready to show. So, what we were selling from the plan, 
model, we are selling from the reality. 
Secondly, we have more end-users because in Gurugram market, we did not allow resale without 
registry or without possession. So, initially, the investors who wanted to sell in resale came less. 
Some came, but less. So, overall, the resale stock as a proportion of Phase 1 should be not more 
than 20%, I would say. As compared to where 80%-90% of Gurugram sales by other developers 
used to be traded later. So, I don't see that much pressure. 
Varun Yadav: 
 
Okay, thanks sir. 
Varun Gupta: 
 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. 
Vikash Dugar: 
Thank you all for participating in this earnings conference call. We remain focused on timely 
handovers in FY2027, and on building long-term value through disciplined execution and 
customer-centric development. If you have any further questions or would like to know more 
about the company, please feel free to reach out to us directly, or you can alternatively reach out 
to our investor relations partners at Valorem Advisors. 
The Investor Presentation and relevant materials are available on our website, and we will be 
happy to provide any further clarifications you may need. Wishing you all good health and a 
productive year ahead. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Arihant Capital Markets, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
