 
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
Registered Office : ICICI PruLife Towers, 1089, Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025. India.  
 
Tel: +91 22 4039 1600   • Email: corporate@iciciprulife.com   
 
                                                    Visit us at www.iciciprulife.com   • CIN : L66010MH2000PLC127837 
 
 
July 22, 2026 
 
General Manager
Listing Department 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
 
Mumbai 400 001 
Vice President
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject:  Earnings Call Transcript for the quarter ended June 30, 2026 
 
In continuation to our letter(s) dated July 3, 2026, and July 15, 2026, the Company had 
hosted an earnings conference call with investors and analysts on Wednesday, July 15, 
2026, at 3:30 p.m. IST, to discuss the performance of the Company for Q1-FY2027. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please be informed that the transcript of the ‘earnings conference 
call’ for Q1-FY2027 has been hosted on the website of the Company at  
www.iciciprulife.com  
 
A copy of the transcript is enclosed herewith for immediate reference.  
 
Please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared during the 
meeting. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
For ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
 
Priya Nair 
Company Secretary  
ACS 17769 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
NAIR 
PRIYA 
SRIKUMAR
Digitally signed 
by NAIR PRIYA 
SRIKUMAR 
Date: 2026.07.22 
16:55:05 +05'30'

 
1 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
Earnings conference call
 
Quarter ended June 30, 202 6 (Q1 -FY202 7) 
July 15 , 202 6 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
2 
 
Anup Bagchi: 
 
Good afternoon and welcome to the results call of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance 
Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. I have several of my senior colleagues 
with me on this call, Amish Banker, Chief Distribution Officer; Dhiren Salian, CFO; Judhajit 
Das, Chief Service Delivery; Manish Kumar, Chief Investment Officer; Souvik Jash, 
Appointed Actuary; and Dhiraj Chugha, Chief Investor Relations Officer.  
Let me start with the key updates for the quarter. 
We held our 26th AGM via video conference on June 30, 2026, and all the items specified 
in the AGM notice were duly approved by the Shareholders. 
The Board, at its meeting held on July 6, 2026, has approved the proposal to rename the 
Company as ‘ICICI Life Insurance Limited’, pending regulatory approval. The name 
change follows the Board’s approval of PCHL’s request to change its status from 
‘Promoter’ to ‘Investor’.   
The proposed name reflects the strength, trust and legacy associated with the ICICI 
franchise. The Company’s core business operations, strategy, & governance frameworks 
remain unchanged and continue as usual. We remain well-positioned to drive 
sustainable growth, enhance customer outcomes & create long-term value for 
stakeholders. 
On the regulatory front, IRDAI has introduced regulations linking key management 
compensation with customer-centric outcomes and has issued an exposure draft on 
intermediary disclosures. These initiatives are aimed at enhancing transparency, 
strengthening accountability, and further reinforcing policyholder protection across the 
insurance industry. We view these developments as positive steps towards fostering 
greater trust, improving customer outcomes, and supporting the sector's long-term 
sustainable growth. 
Macro-economic conditions remained volatile in Q1-FY2027, driven by geo-political 
uncertainties, inflationary concerns and fluctuations in financial markets. While some of 
these pressures eased during the quarter, equity markets remained volatile. Inflation 
remained a key area of focus, with weather-related risks, including the potential 
emergence of El Niño conditions, warranting close monitoring. Against this backdrop, the 
RBI maintained a balanced policy stance. Despite these near-term uncertainties, strong 
structural fundamentals continued to support resilient demand for insurance products. 
As a Company, we delivered a strong and resilient performance, with VNB growing by 
24.9% year-on-year to ₹ 5.71 billion in Q1-FY2027, and VNB margins at 26.7%. PAT also 
increased by 27.8% year-on-year to ₹ 3.86 billion. These results reflect the strength of 

 
3 
 
our diversified business model, disciplined execution, and continued focus on delivering 
sustainable growth. 
Our business model is built on two pillars: protection business which provides risk 
coverage, and savings business, which creates value through long-term management of 
customer funds. 
In Q1-FY2027, our sum assured grew by 31.8% to ₹ 4.90 trillion, supported by a strong 
45.7% year-on-year growth in protection APE. Our sum assured market share stood at 
11.8%. Retail sum assured increased by 45.9% to ₹ 1.13 trillion, driven by robust year-
on-year growth of 60.4% in retail protection during the quarter.  
As of June 30, 2026, our total in-force sum assured stood at ₹ 48.06 trillion, reflecting the 
trust reposed in us by our customers and the scale of protection provided by the 
Company. 
Notably, our new business sum assured has grown at a CAGR of 18.7% and 25.1% 
respectively over the 5-year and 10-year period ending FY2026, and we remain focused 
on sustaining this strong momentum going forward. 
In the savings business, scalability and cost efficiency are the key drivers of profitability. 
In Q1-FY2027, New Business Premium grew by 21.3% year-on-year to ₹ 48.66 billion, 
driven by 13.2% growth in the number of policies, reflecting the continued expansion of 
our customer base.  
Over the long term, we have delivered a New Business Premium CAGR of 13.7% and 
13.9% over the last five and ten years ending FY2026, respectively, demonstrating the 
consistency and sustainability of our growth trajectory in the savings segment. 
During the quarter, APE grew by 14.6% year-on-year to ₹ 21.36 billion and RWRP grew 
by 13.4% year-on-year to ₹ 15.38 billion in Q1-FY2027. 
We continue to focus on driving operating efficiency through leveraging economies of 
scale, aligning our cost structure with the evolving product mix, and investments in 
technology, digital & AI initiatives. Consequently, our savings Cost-to-Premium ratio 
reduced by 50 basis points year-on-year to 13.6% in Q1-FY2027, despite the increase in 
expenses resulting from the unavailability of input tax credit. 
Our growth continues to be underpinned by a strong focus on risk management and 
prudent business practices, which is reflected in the resilience of our balance sheet. 
Our claim settlement ratio remained strong at 99.3% in Q1-FY2027, with an average 
turnaround time of 1 day, underscoring our commitment to customer service. Our early 
claim ratio stood at 22%, best-in-class in the industry, highlighting the high quality of 

 
4 
 
business we have consistently sourced over the years. During the quarter, we settled        
₹ 13.06 billion of death claims and paid ₹ 33.60 billion in maturity & survival benefits, 
reflecting our continued focus on delivering timely financial protection and peace of mind 
to our policyholders. Notably, in FY2026, we settled ₹ 51.49 billion of death claims and 
paid ₹ 153.63 billion in maturity & survival benefits.  
Customer retention also remained healthy, with 13th month persistency at 84%. We 
maintained a robust solvency ratio of 225.4%, significantly above the regulatory 
requirement of 150%, positioning us well to sustain future growth while maintaining 
financial strength.  
Further, we continue to maintain our track record of not having a single non-performing 
asset in our investment portfolio since inception. Our Assets Under Management stood 
at ₹ 3.34 trillion as of June 30, 2026, reflecting the scale of our franchise and the trust 
placed in us by our policyholders. 
To summarise, despite ongoing global geopolitical uncertainties and market volatility, 
FY2027 has started on a positive note, demonstrating our business resilience. We remain 
focused on sustaining this momentum throughout the year. Our priorities continue to be 
driving sustainable VNB growth, while balancing business growth, profitability and risk 
& prudence.  
Thank you, and I will now hand it over to Amish to take you through the business 
updates.  
Amish Banker:
 
Thank you, Anup. Good afternoon.  
Let me start with product-wise performance. 
Our core focus area, retail protection, grew by 60.4% year-on-year in Q1-FY2027, driven 
by the GST exemption on protection products and various Company-led initiatives. This 
marks the third consecutive quarter of retail protection year-on-year growth exceeding 
40%, following the GST reforms. Consequently, the retail protection segment accounted 
for 10.5% of APE, compared to 7.5% in the corresponding period last year.  
With only about 13% of the addressable population currently covered through retail 
protection, we believe this segment presents a significant long-term growth opportunity 
spanning multiple decades.  
Our Group protection business, comprising credit life and group term, delivered strong 
growth of 37.8% year-on-year in Q1-FY2027. The MFI segment witnessed recovery after 
an extended period of moderation, while the non-MFI segment continued to demonstrate 

 
5 
 
healthy momentum. Group term business also registered strong growth during the 
quarter. Consistent with our approach, we remain focused on disciplined underwriting 
framework and pursuing opportunities that meet our risk-reward expectations. 
Ongoing global geopolitical uncertainties and volatility in the equity markets influenced 
customer investment preferences during the quarter, leading to a shift in the overall 
product mix. Consequently, the savings business mix moderated from 78.1% in Q1-
FY2026 to 72.1% in Q1-FY2027, while the protection business gained share.  
Our savings APE stood at ₹ 15.40 billion in Q1-FY2027, registering a growth of 5.8% 
year-on-year.  
Within the savings category, our linked business APE grew by 6.4% year-on-year. In this 
segment, we continue to focus on offering wealth-creation solutions that help our 
customers navigate market volatility while achieving financial goals and family 
milestones.  
The non-linked savings business, including annuity, remained broadly stable year-on-
year at ₹ 4.94 billion in Q1-FY2027. The segment continued to operate in a competitive 
environment, with alternative investment products offering fixed returns and fixed 
maturities attracting customer interest. Within the non-linked category, we witnessed a 
shift in product mix towards the participating products. Group funds business grew by 
42.2% year-on-year in Q1-FY2027.  
Now, let me talk about channel wise performance.  
Agency channel APE grew by 2% year-on-year in Q1-FY2027 to ₹ 4.63 billion. Direct 
channel APE grew by 8.3% year-on-year in Q1-FY2027 to ₹ 2.86 billion. Together, these 
channels contributed 45.5% to Retail APE in Q1-FY2027.  
As a strategic priority, we have been investing in the agency channel over the last few 
years. We continue to recalibrate the channel, with our roadmap centered on a micro-
market-led branch strategy, complemented by the use of technology & analytics to 
enhance productivity. We remain focused on ensuring that our cost structure is aligned 
with the prevailing business mix. Within the channel, we have been optimising the 
product mix in favour of products that enhance business quality, improve profitability, 
and support sustainable growth.  
In the direct channel, our focus remains on scaling online business through differentiated 
customer offerings and digital capabilities and deepening our presence in the NRI 
segment through GIFT city.   
Bancassurance channel grew by 5.6% year-on-year in Q1-FY2027 and contributed 
27.4% to APE. The growth reflects the continued recalibration of business at some of our 

 
6 
 
partner banks, while maintaining a strong emphasis on business quality. We view this 
as a normal part of the business cycle. Partnership distribution channel grew by 29.5% 
year-on-year in Q1-FY2027 and contributed 14.6% to APE.  
Both in Banca and Partnership Distribution channel, we continue to focus on deepening 
existing relationships and adding new partnerships. Our approach remains anchored in 
business quality, with mortality and persistency serving as key metrics that are integral 
to driving sustainable long-term value creation. 
Group business grew by 38.8% year-on-year in Q1-FY2027 and contributed 22.9% to 
APE. 
Today, we have the strength of 2.44 lakh plus advisors, 52 bank partnerships with access 
to more than 26,800 bank branches and 1,500+ non-bank partnerships.  
To summarise, in the proprietary channel our focus remains on driving growth through 
our micro-market led strategy and scaling the online channel. Broadening both our 
distribution reach and customer proposition, we continue to create a more diversified 
business model that is better equipped to adapt to changing market conditions. This will 
support a balanced product and channel mix and enable sustainable long-term growth 
across market cycles. 
I will now hand it over to Dhiren to talk to you through the financial updates. 
Dhiren Salian:
 
Thank you, Amish. Good afternoon, everyone. 
Let me now take you through the financial metrics. 
As a Company, our focus is on growing the absolute VNB, which has been demonstrated 
with the growth in VNB by 24.9% year-on-year to ₹ 5.71 billion in this quarter. The VNB 
margin stood at 26.7%, an expansion of 200 basis points from the full-year FY2026 
margin of 24.7%.  
This growth in VNB has been achieved through an improvement in product mix and 
operational efficiencies even after accounting for higher operating expenses.  
Our product mix has moved favourably towards the protection business with sum 
assured registering a strong growth of 31.8% year-on-year in this quarter, thereby 
supporting value creation. Additionally, we keep working towards improving the 
profitability of each line of business through longer tenor policies, higher sum assured 
multiples and increasing rider attachment.  

 
7 
 
On the efficiency front, we have undertaken various cost optimisation initiatives over the 
past few years in order to make our cost structure aligned to our prevailing product mix. 
One of them being the use of AI/ML, which is being embedded across the entire customer 
journey and that is driving targeted demand generation, automated underwriting, 
improved renewal retention, enhanced customer service and effective claims 
investigation. Some details on usage of AI/ML across our processes are shown on slide 
number 32 of the investor presentation. 
The result of our productivity enhancements has led to cost-to-premium ratios for our 
savings line of business reducing by 50 basis points to 13.6% in this quarter. The 
reduction in cost is despite the increase in expenses due to the unavailability of input tax 
credit. Total cost-to-premium ratio for the quarter stood at 21.8% as compared to 21.2% 
last year, same quarter, primarily due to increase in protection business. We monitor cost 
ratios for the savings lines of business separately. Our objective is to bring efficiency in 
the savings lines of business while we continue to focus on growth in the protection 
business.  
The Company's Profit after Tax for the current quarter stood at ₹ 3.86 billion, an increase 
of 27.8% year-on-year. Our assets under management stood at ₹ 3.34 trillion, and our 
solvency ratio continues to be strong at 225.4% at June 30, 2026. 
Thank you, and we are now happy to take any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin question and answer session. 
Your first question comes from the line of Shreya Shivani with Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani:
 Yes. Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity and 
congratulations on a good set of numbers. I have two questions. First is on, I wanted to 
understand the total VNB margins, how it has played out for the quarter? If I simply put 
the product-wise margins, it looks like there's some probably a lesser margin that we've 
made on the protection book. 
If that's not true, then is there still some impact of GST cut on our margins, which is 
making the, I mean it's great margins, but it could have been even higher with the kind 
of growth that you've come up with. So, what is it in the margins? Is it there some product 
level slowdown in margins or still a drag of GST cut? That's my first question. 
My second question is on non-par sales. Any outlook on how we are planning to go about 
non-par for the rest of the year? Have we stayed away due to the price war? Or was 
there any,  I mean we are still focused on bringing more efficiency, so we have still not 
scaled up. So those will be my two questions. 

 
8 
 
Dhiren Salian:
 Hi, Shreya, this is Dhiren. On your first question of VNB margin, it's 
largely explained due to the product mix. But again, you'll have to consider that we don't 
have the GST availability in this quarter. And this is the third quarter where we've had 
the impact of the input tax rate non-availability. So, you have to factor that in as you look 
at the margins, but it's largely being explained by the product mix. 
Shreya Shivani:
 So, can you quantify how much drag we are still seeing on? I mean it 
will continue for one more quarter till we have it in the base in Q3? 
Dhiren Salian:
 That's right. Yes, Shreya. It will continue for another quarter. That also 
will then form part of the base as we get into Q3 and Q4. On your second question. 
Shreya Shivani:
 Sorry. No quantification?  
Dhiren Salian:
 No. 
Shreya Shivani:
 Okay. Sure. 
Dhiren Salian:
 On your second question on non-par, no, we are not staying away from 
the market, but the environment is such that there are products on the fixed income side 
that at this point are little more lucrative for the customer when compared to some of our 
products, purely from a sticker price perspective. And again, this is the environment that 
the customer is living in. As time goes by and we see some sort of tempering of those 
alternative investments, we should start to see some pickup on the non-par side as well. 
Nonetheless, we look at every opportunity to be able to give value back to customers. So, 
we constantly look at all of our non-par products, looking at various tenures, looking at 
various segments, and we keep repricing as is available at that point in time. So, we are 
not staying away from it. The environment is such that pickup of non-par is quite 
subdued relative to previous periods. 
Shreya Shivani:
 Right. And the alternative products that you're talking about, is it more 
fixed deposits, more pension products?  
Dhiren Salian:
 Largely fixed deposits. The sticker price, yes, the sticker price of some of 
these products is extremely high. So that does tend to attract customers when we see 
this sticker price in any of the distribution shops. 
Shreya Shivani:
 Right. And just a follow-up on the overall VNB margin. This is a great 
start for the year. But sustainably, what is our aim? Where are we going to keep our 
margins for the year and for maybe the medium term? 

 
9 
 
Dhiren Salian:
 Good question, Shreya. We don't have a margin fixation. We've gone 
over that before as well. Absolute VNB is what we look at growing. And in this period, 
we have grown VNB by 25% on the back of the growth in protection. So absolute VNB 
is what we will continue to focus on. Clearly, we see a lot of opportunity on the protection 
space. 
The good part is I'm not so fussed about how the retail protection growth rate numbers 
are. Of course, they're elevated at 50-60%. But the fact is we have now been able to get 
all distribution channels to sell protection in significantly larger volumes than what was 
being sold over a year back. So, the endeavor would be to continue to hold these levels 
and increase going forward so that we continue to take advantage of the opportunity 
that exists in the protection. 
Within the savings space, as we've discussed before, we'll allow the market to dictate 
which direction that we get the product mix to move. But we've also ensured that our 
cost structures are nimble enough to be able to align with the prevailing product mix. So, 
margin is not a fixation for us. It's growth in absolute VNB that we will continue to focus 
on. No change in the strategy there. 
Shreya Shivani:
 Right. And are we giving out any guidance? Last quarter, you said 
things were still very volatile on the macro side. 
Dhiren Salian:
 No, no guidance.  
Shreya Shivani:
 All right. Thank you so much. All the best. 
Dhiren Salian:
 Thanks, Shreya. 
Moderator: Your next question comes from the line of Manas Agrawal with Sanford C. 
Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Manas Agrawal:
 Hi. I have two questions essentially. 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt. Manas, sir, your audio is not very clear. No, sir this is not 
good at all. 
Manas Agrawal:
 I will come back. 
Moderator: Yes. Sure. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Swarnabha 
Mukherjee with 360 One Capital. Please go ahead.  
Swarnabha Mukherjee:
 Hi sir. Good afternoon and congrats on a good set of numbers. 
Firstly, on the margin side, Dhiren you mentioned that it is product mix. I just wanted to 

 
10 
 
check that anything else to read into. And your thoughts on if this going forward, if we 
are seeing, say a higher growth on the traditional side on the savings side, could this 
normalise? If you can share your thoughts on that? 
And alongside that, I just wanted to check that our growth in the month of June, what 
led to that growth? And what product mix is leading to that growth? And does it continue 
in July? If you can give some color on that, that would be very useful. Second is, I just 
wanted to understand the growth in the partnership distribution channel. What products 
are driving that? And what are you doing differently now, which is leading to that 
growth? 
And same thing for your comment on the protection business. As you mentioned that you 
are now able to push more protection products through multiple channels. So apart from 
the GST-led tailwind, is there any other, what other efforts are going into driving this? 
Those would be my questions. Thanks. 
Dhiren Salian:
 Hi, Swarnabha. Dhiren here. Margin, I explained in the previous question 
as well, it's largely product mix. There is, of course, the impact of higher unavailability of 
input tax credit. So, looking at all of it, this is where we land up at. I didn't quite get your 
question on what is normalised trajectory for traditional. Maybe if you want to clarify 
that, I can attempt to answer that. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee:
 Yes. So, I mean sir, this particular quarter, we have seen a 
softer growth print on the savings side of product. So, I just wanted to check that once 
that, say going forward as that picks up, then should we also expect a normalisation in 
all these trends? 
Dhiren Salian:
 Yes, one should. Because one of the challenges that we have seen in this 
current quarter and in the last quarter as well, has been around the non-participating 
product and which is what I explained in the previous question as well, some of the 
reasons why the non-par pickup has not been as strong. In quarter one last year, non-
par had done exceedingly well. So, in that sense, we're working off that base. And in the 
current context, current environment, non-par is really not selling at this stage. 
So that's creating a bit of drag in terms of where the overall traditional growth is. But 
like I also explained in the previous question, if this, the alternative investments do tend 
to become a little more benign in terms of rates, then we should start to see some of the 
pickup on non-par. And as I also explained, we will look at every opportunity that we can 
to be able to position our non-par products from a longer-term perspective, look at what 
are the rates that we could offer and look at building that category as well. 
Coming to your second question in terms of growth, I think sometimes it is very difficult 
to read month-to-month. This is anyway a long-term business. So, our effort is to make 

 
11 
 
sure that we keep growing every month, but there can be volatility in the growth as you 
look at it from month-to-month, but our endeavor would be to keep it as smooth as we 
can. In terms of July early numbers, yes, it's still too early in the month, but yes, it 
continues to do well. 
In terms of partnership distribution, I think a lot of work has happened across the 
quarters, which you're starting to see the outputs at this stage. There is a fair degree of 
protection business also sits within it. That has also contributed to the growth that you 
see here. Again, the point is we've got 1,000 plus partners, and we keep continuing and 
diversifying this channel to become as large as we can. 
In fact, if we look at the long-term trend for this particular channel, it actually has 
delivered a near 20% CAGR over the last 5 years. So, we continue to grow as much as 
we can, keep working with our partners and ensuring that we've got all products and 
propositions that work in each of these customer segments. 
To your question on what are we doing on protection? We can't claim all the credit. There 
is of course, the tailwind of protection due to the GST. But we should claim credit for we 
are able to socialise this across all channels and look at embedding this as part of our 
sales culture. There are a variety of propositions also that we have launched in this 
period. Some of these are the pre-approved sum assured, which are exclusively for 
certain sets of customers. Again, these are identified cohorts that we are working with.  
There is a lot of work that we have done on the onboarding stage where we continue to 
deliver quarter-after-quarter improvement in terms of the frictionless onboarding that 
we are working through, leveraging digital income validation that's available with 
external agencies and in all look at making sure that the onboarding of protection is as 
smooth as possible without letting go of any of the guardrails. So, what you're starting 
to see at this point is a culmination of efforts across multiple quarters and we're quite 
happy to take the benefits at this stage. The work is not done. We will keep working at 
it going ahead as well. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee:
 Understood, sir. Very helpful. Just one quick question, if I can 
squeeze in terms of the persistency trends. How should we read because there looks to 
be market is softening year-on-year. So, if you could highlight? 
Dhiren Salian:
 No, across the quarter, you've seen that stability. It was 84.5% as we 
left March and it's 84.0% at this point. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee:
 Right. So best to read quarter-on-quarter, right?  
Dhiren Salian:
 Yes. You should see it sequentially as you see across the quarter. 

 
12 
 
Swarnabha Mukherjee:
 Okay, understood. Very helpful, sir. Thank you so much and 
all the best for the coming quarter. 
Dhiren Salian:
 Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Avinash Singh with Emkay 
Global. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh : Yes. Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of 
questions. The first one would be more on Banca. So now Prudential is exiting as 
promoter and Standard Chartered is part of their Asia exclusive deal with Prudential. So, 
what is the state, I mean current state, I mean of your agreement with Prudential, sorry 
Standard Chartered.  
Is it going to be available. Is Standard Chartered India going the Indian open architecture 
way and you being one of the insurer there or it will go exclusively to the Prudential India 
entity the way I mean, they have agreement across Asia. And so far, I mean how that 
channel has been doing?  
And related to that, another, I mean there is another bank where I mean the group has 
now got an insurance company of its own. So, the question will be that, okay your 
business does it, I mean has changed your counter share or growth in that particular 
bank because now it also has an in-house kind of. So these are the kind of question 
around Banca. 
The second question would be more around as you have many times clarified the margin 
is not our fixation. But just going by how kind of the year progresses, the Q1 typically has 
a very, very heavy protection contribution. One this time, of course, individual protection 
is growing very strongly and typically the GTI credit life relative basis, Q1 is there, GTI 
particularly. Now as year progresses typically in H2, your retail protection will have a 
kind of moderation from that base because last year it has started to pick up. And then, 
of course, so protection typically from FY2028 might end up somewhere lower. So, in that 
context, I mean, you see at least for this year, the margin to hold up at these levels or 
because the product mix naturally going away a bit from protection, it will moderate from 
here on? Thanks. 
Dhiren Salian:
 I'll just take your second question first, Avinash. Again, we don't have a 
margin fixation. It's absolute VNB that we're looking to drive. So, if you look at it, you're 
right, typically protection is higher in the initial part because savings has not grown as 
such. Protection tends to be a little more evened out relative to savings. But we are going 
to continue to use every opportunity that we can to be able to grow protection.  

 
13 
 
And one of the more important things is that as you look into the second half of the year, 
also you will see us, an uptick that will come through because of MFI business, which is 
part of our credit life business. That had not done so well for most of last year. So, we 
should start to see the benefits of that as we look at the base effect into the later part of 
the year as well. Again, no margin fixation. We will take the margin as it comes. Absolute 
VNB growth is what we're looking at.  
Coming to your first question on Standard Chartered. Now Standard Chartered has been 
a partner with us for the last 10 years, right? And in this decade, we have built a deeply 
integrated relationship that spans not just products, spans technology, processes and 
customer service. Now both these organisations, both Standard Chartered and us value 
this partnership very much and we are focused on delivering the best outcomes for the 
customers. 
Having said that, all distribution partners are important to us. And one of our stated 
objectives is that we have to be the most partnerable life insurance company. So, we 
continue to invest in areas such as seamless onboarding, digital capabilities, strong 
customer service support, product propositions and we keep doing this with each of our 
partners. Now that has helped us build this highly diversified base of distribution that 
you see with over 52 banks, 1,500 partnerships across the partnership distribution space. 
So, in that sense, we are very well diversified. The largest single channel for us is ICICI 
Bank. Outside of that, most channels contribute 5% and less for our business, most single 
distribution engines. So, in that sense, we are very, very diversified. So, in that sense we 
are very resilient from a distribution footprint perspective. And in terms of what Standard 
Chartered would do, I think they value the distribution partnership that they have with 
us and we continue to look at building it going forward. 
Avinash Singh : Okay. Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Prayesh Jain with 
Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain:
 Hi, congrats on good set of numbers. Just a few questions. Firstly, could 
you highlight as to what is the kind of expense trajectory that you would have built out 
and how is it kind of playing out? Is there an operating leverage benefit coming out in the 
margins today? That would be point number one.  
Point number two is, again, harping a bit more on protection. Second half of FY2027 
would have some, would have a high base effect on protection, at least on the retail 
protection side. You kind of alluded that the MFI growth will come through, but do you 
think that the high base effect will kind of lower down the growth or margins in the 

 
14 
 
second half as the product mix kind of shifts towards probably more non-protection kind 
of businesses?  
And third would be on your, the partner growth again, right? You've seen a very strong 
growth. Now generally, that would come at higher cost, I would presume. So, in that 
sense, in spite of that, the margin seems to have kind of held up really well. And Dhiren, 
just trying to pull up if you're talking about a target of growth in VNB, if you could allude 
to that number, whether it's 22%, 24%, 25% that you're looking at for this year? That 
would be my questions? 
Dhiren Salian:
 Hi, Prayesh, so in terms of the expenses that we have seen for the 
current quarter, clearly, there is an elevation due to the unavailability of input tax credit. 
But we've been able to mitigate some of that through some of the cost initiatives that we 
have been doing across the past couple of years. So, we are seeing the benefits of all of 
those. I also spoke about, briefly about the outcome that you've seen in terms of the 
AI/ML.  
So, a lot of work that we have done on the tech space, digital space, analytical space, all 
of that is helping us improve the cost efficiency that we have and we continue to feed 
that back into our margins. To your second question on what does the protection mix 
look like in the second half of the year. You're right, protection does come across a fairly 
steep base as we come into the second half of the year and that base effect goes away. 
So, if the question is will I expect to see a 60% plus growth in the second half of the year, 
very unlikely. This of course is elevated because we're carrying through the levels that 
we have built up over quarter three and quarter four. Our endeavor would be to keep 
these levels of protection where they are and continue to build on growth on that. 
So, of course the growth of that is expected to taper down. But again, I keep looking at 
the opportunity. This is an area that we continuously focus on. Protection is a core focus 
area for us. Clearly this is a multi-decadal opportunity. And the endeavor on our part is 
to make sure every part of our distribution is getting more and more immersed about 
selling protection and to be able to drive the momentum of this forward. 
To your other question on partnership distribution, I think your going-in assumption is 
that partnership distribution is a low-margin business. I would beg to differ there. It just 
depends upon what products you sell because you have to tailor-make the product for 
the customers that you have access to. If you sell the wrong product to the wrong 
customer set, then you end up with poorer outcome, especially when you look at 
persistency. But when you have got that tailor-made, then you end up getting decent 
outcomes. 

 
15 
 
Prayesh Jain:
 And Dhiren, just anything on VNB growth that 20%, 25% is a good 
assumption for this year? 
Dhiren Salian:
 No guidance on that, Prayesh. 
Prayesh Jain:
 Great. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Sanketh Godha with 
Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha:
 Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. So Dhiren, just one small 
clarification. Tomorrow, Prudential becomes fully promoter of Bharti AXA. You are 
confident that Standard Chartered will still remain an open architecture and you will 
continue to do business with Standard Chartered or it will be a full migration of Standard 
Chartered to a new company? Any color or any discussions you have with the bank on 
these lines? 
Dhiren Salian:
 So Sanketh, this is a question that's best answered by Standard 
Chartered, but let me give you our perspective on this. As I had mentioned in answer to 
a previous question, this is a partnership that we have developed over the last 10 years. 
And again, the deep integration across technology, products, processes, customer 
service is not something that is trivial. It does take a lot of effort across both teams to be 
able to sit down at the table together and build solutions that benefit both parties while 
keeping customer at the center of everything that you do. And that is something that 
Standard Chartered and us are extremely focused on. 
So, both of us value the partnership, and we are clear that we will deliver the best 
outcomes for customers while ensuring that it delivers value for both the partners as well. 
I think that gives you a sense of what we think about Standard Chartered and what 
Standard Chartered also thinks about us. 
Sanketh Godha:
 Understood. Understood. And sorry, and my second question is on the 
protection business because last time when the GST thing happened, you guys or 
industry in general has not changed the prices of the protection business despite input 
credit not availability a drag. Have you guys or in general industry has moved to a 
direction to reprice the product to the extent of negating the impact? And if you intend to 
do it in a couple of quarters when as you highlighted that growth might slow down on a 
bigger base in second half, that can be seen as an additional lever for the margin to you 
and to the industry in the second half? 
Dhiren Salian:
 Let me give you our perspective on this. When the GST change had 
happened, we saw this as a customer trust-enhancing move, and we had repeatedly told 
on the call as well that we have to take advantage of the opportunity. Whatever we have 

 
16 
 
to do, we will do that over a longer period of time. If you were expecting en-masse price 
changes, that has not happened, and we don't expect that at all. There will be certain 
segments that we will do repricing at, and these will be specific segments where we think 
they're not getting enough value and there is sufficient cushion that's on the table that 
we could reprice our products at. 
So anyway, this is a continuous exercise. We continuously look at what are these cohorts 
that we need to reprice. And we treat this as business as usual. Now very clearly, I don't 
expect the industry also to have any en-masse price changes even as we get into the 
second half of the year. 
Sanketh Godha:
 Understood. Understood. And lastly, on some data keeping questions. 
The annuity growth, what you saw, 33% in the quarter year-on-year is largely single 
premium led? And second, if you can give a broader mix of non-linked savings broken 
down into par and non-par. You alluded that it is more par heavy, but if you can give a 
broader color where it is standing, that will be useful? 
Dhiren Salian:
 So, annuity in this quarter is led by regular premium as compared to 
what you had seen in the previous quarter. In terms of par, non-par, we are about 2:1 on 
the par to non-par ratio at this point. 
Sanketh Godha:
 So, when you say regular premium, naturally, we did not sell that 
product, which is zero surrender charges product, right? We went back to the same 
regular-premium deferred annuity plan? 
Dhiren Salian:
 Yes, this is a regular deferred annuity plan. 
Sanketh Godha:
 Okay, perfect. That's it for my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from Vinod Rajamani with Nirmal 
Bang. Please go ahead. 
Vinod Rajamani:
 Thank you. I have 2 questions. One is on annuity and also protection. 
They've both done well. Have you tapped into newer channels and so on? So just some 
color on what additional, say, distribution capabilities you have employed during this 
quarter? That's the question one. 
Second is, so I track NBFCs as well. So, post January of next year, I suppose the regulator 
is allowing NBFCs to distribute say insurance products, and they just have to take 
approval from IRDAI as in RBI approval is not required. So, any color you can provide on 
what impact that will have, say on credit life and so on post say January 1st, that could 
be helpful? 

 
17 
 
Dhiren Salian:
 Vinod, on your last question of NBFCs allowed to sell insurance, no, I 
don't have any view on that yet. 
Vinod Rajamani:
 So, it says NBFCs can distribute insurance products without seeking 
RBI approval? 
Dhiren Salian
: But that could just be to distribute. 
Vinod Rajamani:
 Yes.  
Dhiren Salian:
 But if they have to distribute any insurance product, then they would 
need to be registered with IRDAI as well. 
Vinod Rajamani:
 No, that is right. But the whole approval process will get speeded up 
in my sense. So anyway, that's a… 
Dhiren Salian:
 It’s difficult for me to comment from RBI side. But if they have to 
distribute insurance, then they would have to do this approval with IRDAI. 
Vinod Rajamani:
 Yes, yes. No, that will stand, but it might get a little speeded up is my 
sense. But yes, I mean, it's slightly hypothetical at this stage. But yes, I just wanted any 
color on this, on what additional channels you are selling annuity and protection from 
besides? 
Dhiren Salian:
 Actually, it's across all channels. The levels that we've seen on protection 
has actually increased across all channels, some more than others. So, it is actually 
secular in terms of growth. In terms of annuity, I think when you look at it, this is another 
opportunity area that we are continuously focused on. And clearly, we've been doing 
double-digit CAGRs for a long time now. So this is, and frankly, we're getting this 
opportunity, so we should be able to partake in this space, and we keep building on that. 
Vinod Rajamani:
 Right. Yes. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Samant Singh with Phillip Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Samant Singh:
 Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on good set of 
results. Just two, three questions. First is on again, coming back on partnership 
distribution. So, it is like 14.6% of the total mix, and it is normally like commission-
intensive business channel. So how we are sort of balancing this growth versus Expense 
of Management (EOM) headroom? So, is there any internal feeling on partnership mix? 
So that is the first one. 

 
18 
 
Second is on the total cost to premium ratio, which expended by 60 bps to 21.8%. Can 
you please split into GST input ITC disallowance and maybe discretionary sales rate 
spent. So, what is the annualised drag in rupees from the ITC disallowance? So that is 
the second question. 
And third, maybe if you can just sort of provide what is the fund level EOM utilisation for 
FY2026, so split between participating and non-participating including linked. So, idea is 
that what is the buffer to the 100% regulatory limit on each fund? So these are the 3 
questions. 
Dhiren Salian:
 So, in terms of our expense of management, we are well within the cap. 
We've not disclosed that number, but we are very well within the cap. In terms of cost to 
premium, I think the schedules will carry the details subsequently. You should be able to 
look at what is the GST component that sits within Schedule III and you should be able 
to derive if you want, what the full year's impact could be in terms of GST. 
Coming to PD, and this is something that I mentioned earlier. What you're expending as 
commission effectively has to take into account a base commission and whatever else 
that you need to provide as overrides, which ensure that there is quality in the business. 
I think most people forget that if you are getting good quality business, then there is a 
cost to pay for that. We are clear that we focus on those partnerships, which gives us 
value, value in terms of business growth as well as quality. We look at the overall cost 
that we can expend, which includes commission as well as our own opex, and that tends 
to be broadly stable across channels. 
So that means you look at commission, you look at overheads, you look at opex, all of it 
put together tends to be broadly similar across channels. And that's how we look at 
architecting that business. So when you look at the total cost, yes just to close that point, 
when you look at the total cost of business, you will also consider any training costs, any 
supervisory costs, any support costs that you have, you have to consider all of it when 
you look at the cost that gets expended at a channel level. 
Samant Singh:
 Sure. So, we can fairly assume that there's no sort of internal ceiling, 
15% is quite significant. But we can sort of assume that this can continue to grow as and 
when the sort of opportunity. 
Dhiren Salian:
 Yes. Samant the good part is that it's 15%, which is brought about by 
some thousands of partners. So, it's not one partner that you have to worry about a 
concentration mix. 
Samant Singh:
 Okay well taken. And if I can follow up with two small questions, if 
that's okay. So on Slide 23, there's like there's an addition of 15,000 advisors recruited in 

 
19 
 
the first quarter. So, this is quite strong number in terms of the front loading. So what is 
the full year target recruitment, any cost implication for FY27 opex? So, any color on that 
would be helpful. 
Dhiren Salian:
 I don't think it's front-loaded to that extent. Last year, we added about 
70,000 agents. 
Samant Singh:
 Okay. Okay. So this is like this year also, it will be fairly that range only. 
So compared? 
Dhiren Salian:
 Yes. Correct. 
Samant Singh:
 Okay. And just on the group funds because it seems to be on a high 
growth trajectory since last couple of quarters. So, is it like growth is opportunistic or is 
it a structural sort of thing? How should we think about it going forward as well? 
Dhiren Salian:
 Group funds is lumpy, but our perspective on group funds is that if it is 
value accretive, VNB accretive, we will take it. Again, I come back to the point, again, we 
are not margin focused. We are, our focus is to ensure growth in value of new business. 
So as long as it is positive VNB, we will take it. But group funds tends to be lumpier 
business. It's the most lumpy business of all the segments that we have. 
Samant Singh:
 Okay. Thanks and all the best. 
Dhiren Salian:
 Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nischint Chawathe 
with Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe:
 Thanks for taking my questions. The first one was on agency 
where I know we were making investments in this, but agency growth is 2% for the 
quarter. I guess we have all the base, etc., now favourable. So how should one think 
about this? 
Dhiren Salian:
 So, Nischint, that 2% is a much better number than we had across the 
previous quarters. So very clearly, you can see the trajectory is now turning positive. And 
again, we continue to work with the channel to be able to deliver on growth. We've 
spoken about some of our initiatives earlier. These center around our micro market 
approach. This is, again, complemented by use of our technology, analytics, all of it to be 
able to drive productivity. But just to, from a number perspective, it is positive from when 
it was negative in the previous quarters. 

 
20 
 
Nischint Chawathe:
 I know. But it's probably only there in the base now, right? So, in 
that sense, we would expect, I mean, how would you, I mean, let's without putting a 
number, I mean, how do you kind of budget it for the year? Do you expect it to be in line 
with nominal company growth? Or would you think that it probably takes a couple of 
more quarters to kind of get there? 
Dhiren Salian:
 We would want agency to move towards average company growth 
faster, sooner rather than later. But in addition to that, I think one, what you'll also see is 
that we're starting to see a shift in the product mix. So, from a VNB perspective, it is a lot 
more accretive than the 2% growth that it shows on the APE side. 
Nischint Chawathe:
 Okay. And the product mix at the company level and agency level 
would be similar? 
Dhiren Salian:
 On the agency side, you will see some higher pickup in terms of improved 
higher sum assured, starting to see improvement in the share of protection within agency 
as well. So which is why I mentioned that the VNB growth is better than what you're 
seeing as the 2% APE growth. 
Nischint Chawathe:
 Okay. And retail protection growth at the company level, 
obviously is massive. But has ICICI Bank also, I believe retail protection has been one of 
the focus areas out there, grown retail protection at similar levels? 
Dhiren Salian:
 Yes, all channels have grown largely at the similar rate. 
Nischint Chawathe:
 ICICI Bank growth could have been slightly faster, right? I mean, 
if I just kind of do a math? 
Dhiren Salian:
 It depends on the underlying product mix, right? 
Nischint Chawathe:
 Okay. Got it. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Madhukar Ladha with 
JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha : Hi. Thank you for taking my question. First, Dhiren on partnership 
distribution, that channel has been the best-performing channel for us for some time 
now. I wanted to ask if there are any particular partners that have been contributing to 
such a strong growth? Is it more digital-led and digital online aggregators that are 
leading to this growth? Or you know how would you characterise it? Is it more sort of 
broad-based? And how sustainable do you expect this to be? 

 
21 
 
Second, on group protection, can you give a breakup of credit life and GTI? And third, our, 
still like our AUM continues to see an outflow because benefits paid, commissions, etc., 
are still not, are still quite high. So, what is the read on that? When do we start seeing 
organic cash accretions? Yes. 
Dhiren Salian:
 So, coming to your question on PD, I think when you look at the longer 
term, we're looking at nearly 20% CAGR over the last five years. So, it does look elevated 
in this particular quarter. But if you look at the longer period also, it is not a small number 
to go by. 
Madhukar Ladha : Correct, I agree. 
Dhiren Salian:
 What's driving the growth? See, frankly, what I mentioned earlier, my 
largest channel is ICICI Bank, and that's roughly 15%. No other single distributor is hitting 
the 5% number. So, when you look at this 15%, that is PD, you have a multitude of 
partners within it. And again, the whole point of it being diversified, take advantage that 
we can. We work with all of our distribution partners. 
Again, I spoke about the fact that we wish to be the most partnerable life insurance 
company, and we continue to build distribution networks and proposition in each of our 
distribution partners. There is of course this channel also has taken advantage of the 
protection boost that you see. To that extent, the web aggregator space does get 
classified under partnership distribution. That does contribute to some of the growth 
there. 
But again, coming back to the point, not one partner is more than 5%. To your question 
on split of group, we do that on an annual basis. You have that for the year as part of 
our full year pack, you can refer to that, there'll be some minor changes across when you 
look at read-through for the current quarter. In terms of AUM, I think one of the... 
Madhukar Ladha : Will it be similar to the full year’s number? 
Dhiren Salian:
 Yes, it will be broadly similar to the full year's number. 
Madhukar Ladha : Okay. Got it. 
Dhiren Salian:
 In terms of assets under management, roughly are about ₹ 3.3 trillion. 
We also have to consider that 5, 7 years back, we used to do a significant amount of Unit 
Linked. Unit Linked business has a lock-in that goes away at the end of 5 years with zero 
surrender charge. So, we do see a spike in exits whenever these policies come to the 5-
6-year window. As they go beyond, then obviously, the surrender rates drop off, but you 
do see a spike when it gets into the 6th year window. 

 
22 
 
So that is one of the points that we keep working with our customers to say that you 
have to stay longer. The longer you stay it becomes that much better for the returns. And 
we have to obviously look at what, how does this product perform over a 10-year 
perspective, 15-year perspective. 
The other bit also is that in addition to Unit Linked, we do have significant maturities that 
have come up. And these typically are the ones where the policies have hit their 10-year, 
15-year mark. And in such an instance, it is a scheduled maturity. There was a significant 
amount that had gone through last year, and we see some coming through this year as 
well. And that is what comes through on the AUM side. 
But if you look at from a VNB perspective, this does not impact the VNB because you've 
already factored that as part of your expectation of persistency across the years. 
Madhukar Ladha : Just one follow-up question. The persistency numbers, so are you 
seeing a dip in the 13th month, 25th month, 61st month. Is this any product related? Or 
second, and the second part of the question is also that would this mean that are these 
factored in? Or is it above our expectations and could cause again a dent in our EV? 
Dhiren Salian:
 So, 13th month is broadly steady. You're looking at 84.5% and 84.0%. 
What you see on the 25th month is the drop that you saw last year that is just carrying 
through. So, it is just an expression that you see from policy that had surrendered in the 
past period, which is why you see this number that has dipped across 25th month from 
81% to 77%. We anyway had done an assumption setting at the end of, towards the 
end of the last year, which is towards March. We're not seeing anything material from 
then on. 
Madhukar Ladha : Got it. Okay. Thanks, and all the best. 
Dhiren Salian:
 Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh with 
Citibank. Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh:
 Hi. Hope I'm audible. So, a few questions from my side. So, at the start 
of the discussion, you mentioned about the various margin levels that you're using in 
terms of higher sum assured, longer duration policies, riders, etc. etc... 
Moderator:  Really sorry to interrupt, Dipanjan sir, again your voice is modulating. 
Dipanjan Ghosh:
 Okay. Maybe I'll rejoin in the queue. 

 
23 
 
Moderator: 
 Sure. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Mohit Mangal 
with Centrum. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Mangal:
 Yes. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of 
numbers. My first question is that have we done any changes to pricing of retail 
protection products over the last say 4 to 6 months? And also, I wanted to know which 
age group of customers are kind of subscribing to our protection policy? 
Dhiren Salian:
 Mohit, the target market for protection typically centers around the 35-
year-old. And again, one can understand this because typically, this is the age from a 
median perspective where people tend to take on greater responsibility. So, this product 
tends to be centered around that point. This has not really fluctuated. 34, 35 typically has 
been the age where, which has been the median age for quite a while right now. 
And people typically take it for another 30-35 years in the sense that they cover their 
working life to that extent. So, you're looking at a 35-year-old, broadly buying it for 
another 35 years, which covers the 65, 70 age bracket. In terms of pricing, I covered this 
earlier as well. There is no en-masse price change. It's business as usual. 
There are segments that we would like to reprice based on emerging experience that we 
see, and it's a continuous process. And these are small changes that happen at all points 
in time. There is clearly no en-masse price change that we have done over the last 9 
months nor are we expecting at this point. 
Mohit Mangal:
 Okay. Lastly, any new product launches that we can expect over the 
next 3 to 6 months? 
Dhiren Salian:
 Yes. There is always some new product that we will keep working at, 
but it will be a little premature for me to announce on call. We will, of course, have our 
scheduled launches with our distribution partners as well as distribution colleagues 
when it gets closer to actual launches. 
Mohit Mangal:
 Thanks, and wish you all the best. 
Dhiren Salian:
 Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Megha Pagaria with 
BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Megha Pagaria:
 Thank you so much for taking my question. I wanted to understand 
what is causing the decline in the non-linked APE business. It has fallen by 9.5%. So, is it 
primarily just due to an inflated base or what was the reason? 

 
24 
 
Dhiren Salian:
 Megha, I covered this question earlier. This is largely the non-
participating business, which has not done so well given the current environment, where 
you're seeing alternate investments such as fixed deposits have extremely high sticker 
prices. 
Megha Pagaria: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Neeraj Toshniwal with 
UBS. Please go ahead. 
Neeraj Toshniwal:
 Yes. Hi, Dhiren. Congrats on good set. So, I wanted to check first on 
non-par savings, I think you already mentioned that demand has been, the sticker price 
has been there. But going forward, how do we see this? Because yields have been 
supportive and we would have expected that in this environment, this product should 
actually do better. So how should one think about modeling for coming quarters? That is 
one. 
Second question is on persistency. I think you already mentioned that is quite stable, but 
still a little bit of collection stress. Is that being there because of external environment or 
there is some behavioral change post the surrender norms that led to higher payouts 
from year one. So just wanted to get some sense here? So these are my two questions. 
Dhiren Salian:
 Yes. So on persistency, Neeraj, again, you mentioned right, it's broadly 
stable. Whatever we factored as part of our assumptions is that at the end of last year, 
there's nothing material from then. Collections are not dropping. In fact, for this quarter, 
we have collections which have grown at roughly 9%. So, it's not a feeble number to that. 
So, I think we continue on that path there. On the non-par, one has to look at, if you were 
to look at modeling, it also has to take into account what the environment offers. 
Clearly, you're right, from a pricing perspective, our non-par products are priced quite 
attractively. We continue to find areas in which we can offer more to customers without 
losing too much at our end, which means we're looking at reflecting the yield curve as 
much as we can for customer prices. But again, like I mentioned earlier, this is also have 
to take into account what the environment offers in terms of alternate investments such 
as FDs. So, if that starts to drop, then you know that these products can pick up and do 
well over the medium term. 
Neeraj Toshniwal:
 But generally, we have seen elasticity for FDs have been like a 
couple of months only and then the trend changes, whenever that has happened in the 
past also. Do we think that similar trend will follow this time as well or are we reading 
something different? 

 
25 
 
Dhiren Salian:
 So, our endeavor would be to ensure that customers understand the 
proposition that they are buying. Clearly, FDs are not long-term instruments, but one can 
understand why customers may get lured and distracted by the high ticker prices. What 
we continue to do to ensure that customers understand that our products are longer 
tenure products, 10 years, 15 years, 20 years, and the value that they see of those 
products, especially when you're able to lock in prices at these attractive rates, we try to 
make sure that they understand that proposition as best as we can. 
Neeraj Toshniwal:
 Why I'm asking is because the LDR from banks is relatively very 
high right now. And given the loan growth is much faster than the deposits, there has 
been pressure from the bank side to focus more on deposit and lower sales on the 
insurance? So I was coming from that side. Generally, that tempers down within a few 
months. So, and with FCNR deposits, more flows coming into, do we think that this will 
probably lead to a better sales in non-par savings going forward? So it was more specific 
question to the current LDR proposition where we see. 
Dhiren Salian:
 It's possible, Neeraj. Your observation is spot on, it's possible. 
Neeraj Toshniwal:
 Okay, thank you so much. And all the best. 
Moderator: Your next question comes from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh with Citibank. 
Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh:
 Sir, at the start of the discussion, you mentioned about the various 
margin levers that you're utilising in terms of higher riders, sum assured, longer tenure 
policies, etc. etc. Now just in terms of the rider attachment, could you give some color on 
the current attachment rates or in terms of how that has been shifting over the last few 
quarters? Some color on that and also the sum assured on ULIPs, how that has been 
tracking. 
Second, on the credit protect part, you mentioned that MFI has been recovering and 
momentum is sustaining in non-MFI. But in terms of directions, in terms of mix between 
the two, I mean, let's say, three, four quarters back when MFI was struggling versus now, 
has the mix like normalised to historic levels? Or is there some more headroom for the 
MFI segment to kind of ramp up? 
And lastly, I think, going back to your business mix change, both in the partnership 
channel and in the Banca channels. I just wanted to get some color, and maybe kind of 
alluded to some part of this that you have kind of devised specific strategies for selected 
customer cohorts, especially in the partnership channel. I mean, I just wanted to get some 
deeper understanding or the nuances of how you're going about this strategy. 

 
26 
 
Dhiren Salian:
 Yes, so Dipanjan, both rider attachment and high sum assured ULIP both 
are on the uptick, and they've been doing well continuously across the past few quarters. 
I don't want to peg a number to it, but you're seeing improvement quarter after quarter. 
On your question of where are we on the MFI mix, I think this quarter, we are fairly 
normalised. So, we would expect that both MFI and non-MFI continue the growth into 
the coming quarters as well. Yes, I trust we answered your questions, Dipanjan. 
Dipanjan Ghosh:
 Yes. So just the last question in terms of the customer cohort-based 
strategies that you are utilising in the partnership channel or the Banca channel, which 
is driving this favourable business mix change. I mean, what are those exactly? I mean, 
can you give some color on that? 
Dhiren Salian:
 So, we've got a wide diversified product mix. Now the whole point is 
that we've got different products that can actually fit specific product segments. So if for 
instance, at a very gross level, protection works very well in a set of customers which are 
younger. Annuity works well typically in a 55-year-old plus customer pool. You find 
savings of various natures, both unit-linked as well as traditional that work across 
different customers, broadly at a median of about 45, but again, at differential income 
levels. 
Now within the partnership space, we work with our partners to identify what are the 
dominant customer segments that they've got access to. And then we ensure that we 
are fitting our products within that distribution network in an appropriate fashion, that's 
what I meant. We keep working on that continuously. We keep ensuring that our 
distribution teams are well aware of what are these segments of, and segments and 
propositions that fit well together, and we keep pushing that. 
Dipanjan Ghosh:
 Got it. Thank you, Dhiren and team. All the best. 
Dhiren Salian:
 Thank you. 
Moderator: Your next question comes from the line of Yash Jain with CNBC. Please go 
ahead. 
Yash Jain:
 Am I audible clearly to everyone? 
Dhiren Salian:
 Yes Yash. 
Yash Jain:
 Okay. First of all, congratulations on a great set of numbers. My question was 
largely with respect to the change of promoter status to investor for Prudential. Of 
course, they hold about 22% stake in the company. My question was with their request, 
as you had mentioned, to the regulator as well for the declassification of promoter and 
relinquishing their Board seat and the nominee Director, do they hold on to that stake 

 
27 
 
that they have because under IRDA regulations again, 24.99% stake is what's permitted 
if an entity turns from a promoter to investor, for which the conditions, of course, are 
relinquishing your Board seat, and nominee director being out of the Board. So then in 
that case, is that provision available for them? Second, they are seeking that provision 
and continue to hold on to their stake? 
Dhiren Salian:
 So Yash, you're right. As per IRDAI regulations, you can't be a promoter 
in two different life insurance companies. And the requirement to be forcibly to be 
classified as a promoter is above 24.99%. So below which you can be an investor and 
continue to be invested in the company. What Prudential has done is they've asked for a 
reclassification from promoter to investor since they hold a little under 22%. And that is 
the reclassification request that's been approved by our Board, and we have submitted 
that onward to IRDAI, and we await IRDAI's inputs on that. There is, from our 
perspective, the way we read our regulation is exactly the way you read it. There is no 
requirement for them to sell down at this stage. 
Yash Jain:
 And do you think, I mean, your reading or your communication with them, is 
the whole exercise of declassification of promoter being done so that they can hold on to 
the stake, and I mean, maybe dilute whenever in the future that they require, and not 
have any mandatory requirement to dilute that stake? 
Dhiren Salian:
 It would be difficult for us to answer that question, Yash. It's best 
addressed by Prudential. 
Yash Jain:
 Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Anup Bagchi:
 Thank you very much. 
Safe harbour: Please note that this transcript has been lightly edited for the purpose of clarity. Except for the historical 
information contained herein, statements in this release which contain words or phrases such as 'will', 'would', ‘indicating’, 
‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. 
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual 
results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, 
but are not limited to our ability to successfully implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in business, the impact 
of any acquisitions, technological implementation and changes, the actual growth in demand for insurance products and 
services, investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, policies and actions of regulatory 
authorities; impact of competition; experience with regard to mortality and morbidity trends, lapse rates and policy 
renewal rates; the impact of changes in capital, solvency or accounting standards, tax and other legislations and 
regulations in the jurisdictions as well as other risks detailed in the reports filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our holding 
company, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to update 
forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date thereof.  
