Affle 3i Limited 
(Formerly known as Affle (India) Limited) 
Regd. Office | A47 Lower Ground Floor, Hauz Khas, Off Amar Bhawan, New Delhi-110016 
Communication Office | 8th floor, Unitech Commercial Tower - 2, Sector - 45, Gurugram - 122003, Haryana 
(P) 0124-4598749 (W) www.affle.com; CIN: L65990DL1994PLC408172 
 
 
AFFLE/SE/ECT/Q1/2026-27 
 
 
 
 
 
                    August 17, 2026 
   
To 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 542752 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C-l, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai 
- 400 051 
 
Symbol: AFFLE 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the first quarter ended June 30, 2026 
conducted on August 10, 2026 at 10:00 AM (IST) 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Please find enclosed the detailed transcript of the Earnings Conference Call conducted on Monday, 
August 10, 2026 at 10:00 AM (IST) to discuss the results and developments for the first quarter ended 
June 30, 2026. 
 
The same is also available on the Company’s website at https://affle.com/investor-relations. 
 
Please note that the audio recording of the Earnings Conference Call was submitted vide our letter 
Affle/EC/2026-27/Q1 dated August 10, 2026. 
  
Submitted for your information and records. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Affle 3i Limited 
(Formerly known as Affle (India) Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Parmita Choudhury 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Parmita 
Choudh
ury
Digitally signed 
by Parmita 
Choudhury 
Date: 2026.08.17 
16:06:39 +05'30'

This transcript has been edited to improve the readability 
 
 
  
 
 
Affle 3i Limited 
Q1 FY2027 Earnings Conference Call 
August 10, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
 
Management: 
1) Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum – Chairperson, Managing 
Director & Chief Executive Officer of Affle 3i Limited 
 
2) Mr. Kapil Bhutani – Chief Financial & Operations 
Officer of Affle 3i Limited 
 
Analyst:  
Mr. Karan Taurani – Elara Securities India Private 
Limited  
 

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
2 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Affle 3i Limited Q1 
FY2027 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Elara Capital. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today's 
presentation. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Taurani from Elara 
Capital. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Karan Taurani: 
Thank you, Manav. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Elara Capital, we 
welcome you all to Q1 FY2027 Conference Call of Affle 3i Limited.  
 
I take this opportunity to welcome the Management of Affle 3i Limited, 
represented by Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum, who is the Chairperson, MD and CEO 
of the company. And with him we have Mr. Kapil Bhutani, who is the Chief 
Financial and Operations Officer of the company. 
 
Before we begin the discussion, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature 
and may involve some risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to Slide #2 of 
company's earnings presentation for a detailed disclaimer. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum for his opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you, Anuj. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining the call today. 
I trust all of you are keeping in good health. 
 
Q1 FY2027 marks our 14th consecutive quarter of sequential top-line growth 
and we recorded our highest ever quarterly revenue, EBITDA, PAT and 
consumer conversions. During the quarter, we delivered revenues of INR 7.47 
billion, a growth of 20.4% y-o-y. This is robust considering the negative 
impact of regulatory and macroeconomic headwinds on some customer 
segments like RMG. Over 95% of our revenues witnessed over 25% growth y-
o-y, adjusting for that impact, reaffirming our consistent execution on the 
medium-term guidance that we have committed to our stakeholders.  

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
3 
 
 
Our continued focus on bottom-line sensibility translated into much better 
profitability. EBITDA stood at INR 1.68 billion for the quarter and recorded a 
robust 20% y-o-y growth, with stable EBITDA margins at 22.4%. Profit After 
Tax for the quarter stood at INR 1.28 billion, growing by 21.7% y-o-y. This 
proven performance of our differentiated CPCU business model reinforces 
our compounding growth story. 
 
As we deepen our verticalization strategy, strengthen direct advertiser 
integrations and expand our audience intelligence capabilities, we continue 
to enhance the scale and competitiveness of our AI-powered Consumer 
Platform Stack across connected devices, including mobile, CTV and now 
other agentic autonomous intelligent connected devices. These structural 
advantages provide a strong foundation for our sustained growth as we build 
on our vision of 10x.  
India and global Emerging Markets continue to anchor our business growth, 
growing by 20.2% y-o-y and contributing 72.2% of our revenues in Q1 FY2027. 
Our disciplined sales execution, deeper customer engagements and 
continued new logo additions have also strengthened our presence across 
Developed Markets, which grew by 20.7% y-o-y and contributed 27.8% of our 
revenues. Developed Markets account for a disproportionately high share of 
the steadily growing global advertising budgets. Accordingly, we remain 
focused on progressively increasing our participation across these markets 
and aligning our revenue mix more closely with the underlying global 
advertising budget mix. 
 
Alongside our market expansion initiatives, we are also committed to 
strengthening the way we operate. The strategic acquisition of AdColony 
assets enhances our publisher ecosystem and audience intelligence 
capability, further reinforcing our ability to deliver premium consumer 
conversions with measurable ROI for advertisers globally. We aim to unlock 
significant competitive advantage by activating over 100,000 mobile apps to 
reach over 500 million connected devices in Developed Markets this year. 
 
Building on the launch of Niko and OpticksAI, we have also enhanced 
capabilities of our AI-powered Consumer Platform Stack through new AI-led 
innovations designed to empower mobile app marketers, growth managers 
and advertisers with deeper consumer intelligence and full funnel campaign 
visibility. By combining AI-driven campaign intelligence with real-time 

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
4 
 
performance analytics, these capabilities enable faster data-driven decision 
making, smarter campaign optimization and stronger marketing outcomes. 
 
In parallel to our organic growth initiatives, we would like to transparently 
update our shareholders that we are making strong progress on the larger 
inorganic acquisition, as we enter the phase of due diligence by third-party 
advisors appointed by us. We aim to close the larger M&A by early 2027 and 
the identified targets shall accelerate our expansion across Developed 
Markets by providing deeper and differentiated access to customers and 
verticals.  
 
This quarter, we have featured five customer-approved case studies in our 
earnings presentation. The first case study showcases how our conversion 
first CTV and cross-screen capabilities maximize new converted diners and 
first orders for a leading QSR app in India. Next three case studies highlight 
how leading travel brands across Emerging Markets leveraged our AI-powered 
campaign 
optimization, 
proprietary 
audience 
intelligence 
and 
bid 
optimization capabilities to target high intent travelers, driving stronger 
booking performance and consumer engagement. The last case study 
demonstrates how a leading German quick commerce player leveraged Affle's 
Consumer Platform to scale its presence in a new European market, 
Netherlands, by combining AI-powered keyword intelligence, agentic AI and 
app growth intelligence to target and convert high intent grocery shoppers 
with sustained efficiency. 
 
Affle continues to be recognized as a technology thought leader across 
industry forums. This quarter, our platforms won 18 awards at Connected TV 
Asia Symposium 2026, including Best CTV AdTech for Addressable TV and Best 
CTV Technology Company of the Year award. We were recognized at the e4m 
India Digital Marketing Awards 2026, including Best Campaign - Use of Mobile 
and Mobile Monetization. We also received the Gold Award for the Best Cross-
Channel Programmatic Campaign at the Agency Reporter Programmatic Asia 
Awards 2026. Further reinforcing the global recognition, our platforms 
continue to be recognized across multiple categories in Singular's latest 
quarterly trend reports. 
 
We continue to strengthen our technology IP portfolio through sustained 
innovation. Our robust IP portfolio, representing 300+ unique enforceable 
patent claims, spans across fraud intelligence, human versus non-human data 
distillation, precision targeting, contextual and gesture-based advertising 

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
5 
 
and next generation AI native ads and engagements across key industry 
verticals, reinforcing our differentiated and defensible position as the digital 
advertising ecosystem continues to evolve rapidly. 
 
As we look ahead to the upcoming festive quarter, we remain encouraged by 
the demand environment across our key markets. With a disciplined strategy, 
a resilient business model and a clear roadmap for the next phase of Affle's 
growth journey, we are well positioned to sustain our momentum and create 
long-term value for our stakeholders.  
 
With that, I now hand over the discussion to our CFO – Kapil Bhutani, to take 
you through the financial details of the quarter. Over to you, Kapil. 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Thank you, Anuj. Good morning and hope all of you are keeping safe and 
well.  
 
Building on our 7-year track record of consistent execution as a listed entity, 
we have started FY2027 with a strong financial performance in Q1. Our 
disciplined growth, with focus on operational efficiency, supported by robust 
profitable growth.  
 
Let me now take you through our financial performance in Q1 FY2027: 
 
On a consolidated basis, we delivered a y-o-y growth of 20.4% in our revenues 
from operation, 20.0% growth in our EBITDA and a 21.7% growth in our Profit 
After Taxes. We reported a consolidated revenue of INR 7.47 billion during 
Q1 FY2027, marking a 3.1% sequential growth over our robust growth of 
Quarter 4 in Financial Year 2026. This was driven by a broad-based 
momentum across industry verticals in both India and international markets. 
 
On a standalone basis, our India revenue grew by 20.4% y-o-y and 9.2% q-o-
q. While on adjusted basis, our India revenue increased by 18.1% y-o-y and 
5.9% q-o-q. Our revenues grew across geographies as India and Emerging 
Markets expanded by 20.2% on a y-o-y basis and 4% on a sequential basis, 
while Developed Markets expanded by 20.7% y-o-y and about 1% sequentially.  
 
Our continued investment in scalable platform operations and intelligent 
automations have enhanced productivity and operational efficiencies. This 
has supported us in our business growth with disciplined workforce, thereby 
strengthening our operating leverage while sustaining healthy profitability.  

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
6 
 
 
Consequently, we posted EBITDA of INR 1.68 billion, an increase of 20% y-o-
y and a robust 4% growth sequentially. Our EBITDA margins also improved 
from 22.3% to 22.4% q-o-q. Further, we did not see any major volatility in 
Forex rates in the current quarter as seen in Q4. 
 
Coming to our Opex, our Inventory and Data costs stood at 63.2% of revenue 
from operations and remained broadly in line with our previous quarter. Our 
Employee Costs increased by 3.4% sequentially, primarily on account of 
annual release of appraisals and bonuses in few geographies. Year-on-year, 
our Employee Costs increased by 7.8%, despite higher outflows due to impact 
of currency. Our operations have been executed efficiently with team 
strategies led by AI-supported workflows as we continue to scale our 
businesses. 
 
During the quarter, our other expenses stood at 5.6% of our revenues from 
operation and increased marginally by INR 2.3 million q-o-q due to our 
ongoing spending on business promotion activities to support expansion 
across Developed Markets.  
 
We achieved Profit Before Tax of INR 1.58 billion, reflecting a growth of 
22.1% y-o-y and 6.6% q-o-q. Further, we grew our Profit Before Tax from 
operations by 4.7% sequentially. 
 
Our Profit After Tax stood at INR 1.28 billion, an increase of 21.7% y-o-y and 
a 7.5% q-o-q. Our PAT margin improved to 16.6% of the total revenue, up 
from 16% in Q4 last year. On a sequential basis, our PAT margin improved by 
60 bps with effective tax rates of 18.6% for full year. (this statement has 
minor corrections to address an inadvertent error made during the earnings 
call) This is based on full year basis of FY2026.  
 
We continue to prioritize efficient working capital management and as such, 
there were no material changes in our collection risk. The company is on 
track to achieve robust OCF to PAT ratio for the full year. 
 
We had achieved 110% of operating cash flows (OCF) to PAT in FY2026. This 
upfront higher OCF of the last year is being reflected in the OCF for the 
current quarter. We believe that as we move to Q2, OCF to PAT ratios will 
normalize.  
 
Backed by our strong performance, balance sheet and disciplined capital 
allocation, we remain well-positioned to pursue both organic and inorganic 

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
7 
 
growth opportunities in line with our 10x vision. We continue to invest in 
scalable technologies and strengthen our global revenue mix, to be executed 
with financial discipline as we create long-term value for our stakeholders. 
 
With this, I end our presentation. Let us open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We have our first question from the line of Karan Taurani from Elara 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Karan Taurani: 
My first question would be on this geopolitical impact.You mentioned that 
about 95% of your markets grew 25% and above. Could you throw some light 
here in terms of which markets exactly saw the negative impact? Obviously, 
one doesn't know in terms of how much time this can last, but could we say 
that, organically, if things were to be normal, we are on track of reporting 
growth rates in excess of 25% on an annualized basis, assuming that second 
half would be higher growth because of festive season and other things. Can 
you throw some light on this, please? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thanks for that question. What I was mentioning was that due to regulatory 
and macroeconomic headwinds, certain customer segments like, we already 
know RMG had an impact. Last year RMG was a contributor, this year it is 
not. Similarly, there were certain areas of impact we saw in FinTech and 
certain categories.  
 
But overall, when we normalize it, it gives me a lot of confidence and even 
deeper conviction, because on an adjusted basis, 95% of our revenues have 
actually seen over 25% growth y-o-y. I believe that is defensible.  
 
How long will it take for the market forces to adjust till we see, across the 
board, on 100% of the business, 25% growth? We will wait and see how that 
works out. The internal confidence, the on-ground momentum is very strong 
and it gives us a lot of conviction to give guidance on medium-term basis that 
if the analysts are modeling us at 20% growth, they should derive confidence 
from the fact that 95% of business is actually growing at 25%+. 
Karan Taurani: 
Your gross margins have also been coming off since quite a few quarters. 
Obviously, this is on the back of investments in some new markets, as pointed 
out by you. But any update over there? When could gross margins see a 
recovery or utilization of data cost and other things will lead to gross margins 
being in a similar band right now? 

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
8 
 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: We are doing quite a few things strategically to enhance the competitive 
moat of our company, specially in Developed Markets. I believe the strategic 
acquisition of assets of AdColony is a meaningful addition to what we will 
unlock as a significant and sustainable competitive advantage. As we activate 
over 100,000 apps, we believe we will get to a reach of over 500 million 
connected devices in Developed Markets. 
 
This will actually help not only with margin expansion, but actually greater 
ROI delivery to our advertisers and potentially even better performance for 
the publishers who we will integrate with.  
 
This is definitely the direction that we are taking. Margin expansion should 
happen based on the efforts that we are already doing and that is 
fundamentally lifting it up versus one of the reasons why you see impact on 
the margin.   
 
In the last earnings call, Kapil had mentioned that if you look at the average 
CPCU rate,  which is now above INR 60, but on a currency-adjusted basis, we 
are actually passing some of the benefit to advertisers because of the 
currency adjustments that are happening. That has actually impacted the 
margins in the short term a little bit.  
 
But overall, I think our business is robust. We are able to create enough value 
for the advertisers, even with these macroeconomic currency-related 
headwinds and yet our margins are actually expanding from a bottom-line 
perspective. 
 
You look at our Profit Before Tax, it has grown 22%, versus revenues growing 
at 20.4% and that actually shows that margins are expanding. Yes, we are 
negotiating these headwinds, whether regulatory or macroeconomic 
headwinds, very well while creating value for not only our customers in terms 
of delivering ROI, but also to our shareholders. I believe you will see that 
within this financial year, we will see better margin expansion, especially in 
Developed Markets. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Vijit Jain from Citigroup. Please 
go ahead. 
Vijit Jain: 
Congratulations on a great, broadly diversified growth rate in the quarter. 
My first question is on AdColony. It has been a few months since you acquired 
it and Anuj, I heard you talk about the 100,000 app unlocks, 400 million-500 

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
9 
 
million devices that you aim to leverage with this acquisition. It would be 
great to know that right now, in terms of those live app integrations, where 
it stands and whether getting to that 100K app unlock requires sales effort 
from your side. Just a general flavor of what it requires to get to that level 
of app integrations as well would be super helpful to understand. That is my 
first question. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thanks for that question. It is an organic, natural course of business 
execution where we are taking the technology and the brand assets of 
AdColony and going to the markets. AdColony is a very well-established brand 
name in the AdTech ecosystem.  
 
In fact, in year 2020-21, we had an opportunity to look at the acquisition of 
AdColony as an entire company, not just the assets that we acquired, but the 
entire business and the entity of AdColony. At that time, the pricing that we 
were asked to bid was around $400 million.  
 
So, AdColony is a big name in the ecosystem. What we have now managed to 
do in 2026, which I see as a windfall strategic gain, is to buy those strategic 
assets with which we can now organically, in the normal course of business, 
with our own existing teams and as part of our business development 
activities, without incurring dramatically new costs or anything like that, the 
apps that we already deal with, we will be able to activate them with the 
SDK integration in the normal course of business through this year. It will 
actually unlock deeper reach, deeper audience and consumer intelligence 
across 500 million connected devices in Developed Markets alone. This is the 
kind of strategic advantage that we will unlock with this business.  
 
So, AdColony is meaningful and it will just happen in the normal course of 
business. It is not that we have to invest any humongous amount of ongoing 
capital. I see this as organic unlock of value by utilizing this technology and 
brand asset that we have acquired. 
Vijit Jain: 
Thanks, Anuj. You said in your opening remarks that global ad budgets in 
general and I am guessing this is more specific to you guys, where you 
operate, is growing faster in DM than in EM right now. Is that understanding 
correct? Is that what you were alluding to? Would be great to understand why 
you think that is happening.  

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
10 
 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: For us, India and Emerging Markets will continue to grow meaningfully in a 
sustained way. We don't see any challenge in that. In fact, we are bullish 
about it.  
 
In terms of Developed Markets, we are saying that with organic as well as 
inorganic investments that we are making, we will calibrate up because in 
Developed Markets, if you look at the total ad spend in the world, Developed 
Markets would easily take more than 50% of the share of the ad budgets that 
are getting allocated or spent in those markets. It is the size of the markets 
and the economies. Therefore, what we are saying is that we are also looking 
at investing towards that and capturing more of those advertising budget mix 
for ourselves because we are a global player. When we work with our 
advertisers, we want a meaningful percentage of that wallet share. It is our 
ambition to get to that. The most effective and efficient path in terms of 
capital allocation and value creation is what we are going to be navigating 
towards, both organically and inorganically.  
 
AdColony acquisition is one very clear evidence of that because it is super 
efficient. Had we acquired it in 2020-21, we would have paid $400 million 
for it. We have been very prudent. We have waited. We are patient and we 
have taken the assets that we value, which we know that we can unlock value 
with.  
 
Developed Markets is clearly a focus area and there is huge runway for 
unlocking long-term growth. In the next 5-10 years, I believe because our 
base is still small, we can grow fast. There is a long way to go there because 
we are still small. The addressable market is very large in Developed Markets 
and that is what we are highlighting here. In Emerging Markets, we have great 
competitive advantage in India and other Emerging Markets and I believe 
most of the competitors are finding it hard to keep up with us. 
Vijit Jain: 
My last question - In general, now we are seeing AdTech industry, you guys 
as well as the larger guys, everyone build out AI and agentic AI in their digital 
ad product. I would like to understand how have costs of data assets moved 
in response to that. When I look at the broader industry, some of the walled 
gardens, like on the social media side, have reported higher yields in general 
on their ads, whereas other large platforms are seeing a lot of competitive 
pressures. Some of the open web platforms, specifically like The Trade Desk, 
have clearly seen a lot of competitive pressures. So, in general, for you as a 

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
11 
 
player in this ecosystem, in Developed Markets specially, how have these 
costs moved? Is there any advantage and opportunity specifically from that? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: You have asked a very tactical question related to costs and so on. I would 
like to tell you that the essence of what is happening with AI is way more 
strategic and impactful.  
 
In my discourse I specifically talked around autonomous agentic intelligent 
connected devices. For example, mobile phone is a device which works with 
human input - you have to click and touch and do something to make it work. 
But it has agentic intelligence in it. You can have AI agents inside your mobile 
device assisting you in your human experience in what you are doing. 
Similarly, you will also have autonomous intelligent devices. For example, a 
smart TV, as we call it today, is smart, is context-aware, who is watching it, 
what kind of content should be shown. It will become even more autonomous. 
and even more agentic, intelligent. You would see vehicles becoming more 
autonomous and having agentic intelligence. You will see screens outside 
homes, in retail stores, not just being smart screens and showing content, 
but perhaps the screen could have a camera where they are seeing who is 
coming and if it is a sports person who is walking nearby, the kind of content 
it would show would be different when an older person or an adolescent 
walking by. 
 
So I believe a lot of screens and a lot of digital connected devices will see 
autonomous Agentic intelligence. That is the kind of AI disruption that we 
are seeing, which we are working towards and we are making sure that our 
innovations and patent portfolio is covering all of that, not just in Emerging 
Markets like India, but also in Developed Markets.  
 
Also, people are using AI majorly as an automation tool. Now, I believe that 
is where it comes with either cost saving or what is the cost-benefit analysis 
of that. I believe that is very basic and tactical and it is a no-brainer. So 
anything that you can automate with AI, you should absolutely go ahead and 
do that.  
 
But what we are talking about is much further ahead in terms of human versus 
non-human content. What is getting created by humans, what is getting 
created by AI? Are you showing an ad to a human? Are you showing an ad to 
an AI? Are you showing an ad on a content created by a human, or are you 
showing an ad on a content created by AI? I believe that kind of human versus 

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
12 
 
non-human data distillation technology, that is something that will be a key 
differentiation and we are already not only working towards that, but ring-
fencing that IP.  
 
So my answer to you is that we are seeing a lot of advantage and we are 
keeping ourselves future-proofed and future-ready with respect to AI at a 
very strategic, at a very deep level. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Dipak Saha from Ashika 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Dipak Saha: 
I have just one question, sir. If we see last week in U.S., one of the SSPs have 
reported their numbers and CTV is growing quite rapidly, almost 45%-46% and 
the commentary around CTV is very strong. If we see your PPT there is a very 
interesting case study for the CTV conversion on Domino's.  
 
Just trying to understand the unit economics for CTV and our broader 
strategy for CTV, because the base would be relatively smaller on the CTV 
channel and how are we seeing CTV as a space growing?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: I know which SSP you are talking about and quite frankly, I am not particularly 
impressed by any channel-specific commentary. If you look at Affle, one of 
the biggest differentiations and competitive differentiation that our platform 
offers is that we are a consumer platform.  
 
Now what do I mean by consumer platform? It means that we are a consumer-
centric platform which is mapping and ensuring that we are engaging with 
the consumer across the entirety of the connected devices that this consumer 
is engaging through his journey, which includes mobile. 
 
The same consumer who is on his mobile phone may also be watching the 
CTV at their own home. The same consumer might move out of their home 
and go to their car and may have another, either an autonomous or an agentic 
intelligent connected device in their car. Then that same consumer may go 
into a pharmacy for a healthcare-related issue or to a retail store to just do 
their usual grocery kind of shopping in a physical sense and may have another 
screen that they engage with there. So, these are called AICDs, which is 
autonomous or agentic intelligent connected devices.  
 
When we, as a consumer platform, look at a Mr. Consumer with whom we 
want to drive a conversion, we can show this user an ad on a mobile screen, 

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
13 
 
on a CTV or other AICDs and drive one efficient conversion with this consumer 
for our advertiser, which could be looking at branding and driving offline 
conversions, or it could be online performance and driving online conversion. 
This is what we are doing. 
 
Now, in terms of how the consumer attention is moving between mobile, CTV 
and other devices, we believe that the advertising budget or the number of 
impressions or the amount of engagement that we want from the consumer 
on those devices should be directly proportional to the consumer's own 
attention on those devices and where we get maximum attention to 
conversion ratios. At the moment, CTV is showing very positive engagement 
with our consumers.  
 
The case study was about conversion-first CTV and cross-screen capabilities, 
i.e.,  CTV working with smart QR codes or other engagement models with 
mobile phones driving conversions - that is the methodology we have.  
 
Now, these other companies which are not having a consumer platform-based 
approach, they are just selling inventory at a particular touch point. In my 
opinion, that business is  commoditized and they are selling whatever the 
buyer is asking for and trying to make their margin on it. I am glad they are 
making some money for now.  
 
But the core difference in our approach is that we are consumer-centric.I If 
the consumer is spending more time on CTV and we can drive conversions 
from there, then Affle is absolutely on it. But we are conversion centric and 
which channel do we show an ad on, whether it is mobile, CTV, or other 
AICDs, that will be algorithm dependent from our side. But we are seeing 
good outcomes at the moment with CTV and combination on mobile. 
Dipak Saha: 
Just one quick follow-up, sir. On the Developed market side, if you can help 
us understand the CPCU unit economics. My understanding is it would be 
fairly higher, but that margin will stay more or less same, but the absolute 
flow through would be relatively higher. Is it the right way to think about it? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Yes, it is the right way to think about it. In terms of the Affle servers and our 
Consumer Platform Stack at the back end, because we are globally anchored 
on Emerging Markets in a strong way and now we are calibrating up in 
Developed Markets as well, the volume of business and the volume of traffic 
that we are dealing with for the level of revenue that you see is much higher. 
I would say it is 5x higher, because in Emerging Markets, there are a lot more 

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
14 
 
users, a lot more connected devices connecting. Whereas in Developed 
Markets, you get paid more for less level of activity.  
 
So, in terms of our competitive advantage, we are seeing two things. One, 
we are able to run almost a 22%-23% EBITDA business with an anchoring on 
Emerging Markets, which is extremely hard to do given the volume of activity 
that we have to deal with and the unit economics are harsher. 
 
When we go to Developed Markets, the math is slightly different, but it is to 
our competitive advantage and favor, because our technology stack is 
already dealing with great efficiencies and a much larger volume of data that 
we are able to filter, distill and manage well.  
 
So when we go to Developed Markets, we are seeing better unit economics 
in that sense. I wouldn't go into the exact margin profile and the CPCU 
numbers, but it would be sufficient to say that it is an easier journey for us 
in Developed Markets versus what we have been used to in terms of unit 
economics of Emerging Markets. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kavish Parekh from 360 ONE Capital Market. 
Please go ahead. 
Kavish Parekh: 
Anuj, on the broader global industry today, are you seeing any early signs of 
an impact from slowing smartphone adoption globally as high memory prices 
take device costs higher? Are you witnessing any sort of moderation in the 
incremental device additions that you typically record each quarter or any 
impact on replacement cycles across your key markets?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thanks for that question. No, we are not seeing any impact. I believe  what 
we are seeing instead is a lot more time that the consumers are spending on 
their devices. The time spent on digital content consumption is actually going 
up across the board, across markets and I believe this trend would continue.  
 
Now, we don't really look at whether the device is necessarily a new device 
or an old device. What we are looking at is the consumer's attention and the 
time spent. So in terms of just purely number of devices, I think with 
connected devices, with mobile devices, we are seeing a steady, consistent 
number and pattern without any particular deviation versus what you said.  
 
It could also be that some of the people instead of buying a new device are 
going for a secondhand device or just not upgrading or keeping their phone 

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
15 
 
active. So we are seeing number of connected devices following a consistent 
pattern and there is no impact at this moment, at least on all the data that 
we look at. 
Kavish Parekh: 
Second question, Kapil, OCF to EBITDA conversion was relatively weak this 
quarter at about 41%. You did allude earlier that we also saw a couple of 
quarters of weak cash conversion last year as well and that subsequently 
normalized by year-end. Can you just dive a bit deeper into what drove this 
weak conversion in Q1 FY2027? Is this an active call to deepen penetration 
across certain geographies or verticals? Does it pertain to that? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
No. It is just the flow of the funds. I had 110% OCF to PAT ratio in FY2026, 
that means I collected about INR 40 crore, INR 45 crore in operating cash 
flows in the month of March, ahead of the year-end. When you are left with 
less receivables to be collected over the next 90 days or 80 days, these get 
affected. You had an up-fronting of the cash flows. This will get normalized 
when we go into Q2 and Q3. You will see about 80%-85% OCF to PAT ratio by 
Q3. 
Kavish Parekh: 
And lastly, on the strong growth and margin performance, could you help us 
understand the impact of currency movements on this quarter and maybe 
the last few quarters? What part of our cost base is dollar-denominated and 
how did the dollar movement affect revenues and costs? How much did it 
contribute to the reported growth? Costs other than data and inventory seem 
to be fairly in control, despite part of it being impacted by dollar. So, some 
clarity on this would be great. 
Kapil Bhutani: 
As I mentioned in my commentary, this quarter had a stable USD to various 
currencies, not only INR. So we didn't see any additional impact what we had 
in Q4 or Q3, when there was a spike in the USD to other currencies. 72% of 
our business is largely coming from Emerging Markets and India, where we 
have other cross currency ROIs guaranteed or promised to the clients.  
 
You need to adjust to the CPCU rates because the billing may happen in 
dollars, but you will need to adjust it to the ROIs required in their local 
currencies also.  Only 20% of our business of U.S. is dollar to dollar and for 
the rest, you have to adjust the CPCU rates to the ROIs promised. 
 
We are not a service company where you can have a manpower rate and then 
converting all the revenues in dollar. It is a ROI-based, CPCU-based business 
where you need to calibrate the cross-currency ROIs for the clients.  

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
16 
 
 
We had a steep increase in the U.S. currency rates across last quarter and 
that affected the take rate or you can say the inventory cost, in the previous 
Quarter. This quarter, if you see sequentially, we were largely flattish 
because the dollar movements were not that steep. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Anmol Garg: 
I had a couple of questions. Firstly, Anuj, if we look at in terms of increasing 
penetration in Developed Markets, which are the key areas, industry we want 
to target through organic or inorganic route?  
 
In addition to that, given that that market is relatively more mature, do you 
think that it can have an overall impact on our growth rates going forward? 
Because given that if in this quarter, if you look at ex of currency, our 
Developed market growth will be on a y-o-y level, maybe in the range of 11%-
12%. So, is that market relatively slowing growth overall and will as we sort 
of increase our presence over there, can it affect our overall growth rates? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: I don't quite agree with that analysis, Anmol. Yes, they are mature markets 
in the sense that the addressable market is large. It is so large that the overall 
growth might, from an overall high-level micro perspective, be less. The fact 
that we are entering with a smaller base, with a differentiated business 
model, with a differentiated technology stack, we see that we will be 
growing at least at 20%+ in Developed Markets consistently.  
 
We see many growth pegs there. We see growth pegs in Gaming. We see 
growth pegs in E-commerce, Entertainment. We are seeing positive growth 
even in areas of Healthcare. We have a strong thesis across some of the top 
10 verticals that we are deeply verticalized for. When we go into this market 
with our approach as a consumer platform on a CPCU business model, 
covering the entirety of the consumer journey, we should be very optimistic 
and clear that at least 20% growth is sensible to be pegged at. 
 
I did mention earlier that when we execute all our business plans, internally 
they are pegged at 25% growth and we are convinced and seeing the right 
kind of momentum on the ground to realistically peg ourselves internally on 
that.  
 
So when our external stakeholders and analysts are modeling us at around 
20%, I don't see why that should be tapered down with view of Developed 

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
17 
 
Markets, given that the addressable market is so large. We are small and we 
are giving you a very clear thesis of our differentiated execution pathway.  
Anmol Garg: 
Thanks for this. Just one second question from my side is, in terms of the 
SDK integrations for us in Developed Markets, are you seeing greater 
willingness among premium app publishers to integrate Affle's SDKs? How 
should we think about potential SDK penetration there within the Developed 
Markets? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thanks for that question. I’d answered it in the context of our AdColony 
acquisition of strategic assets, which includes the tech stack, the SDK of 
course. It includes the brand of AdColony as well and it has the goodwill and 
the reputation, especially in Developed Markets where the publishers have 
made money by integrating the AdColony SDK for last decade or even two 
decades.  
 
Now, with that kind of a reputation when we are going in there, our execution 
pathway clearly shows that within this year, we will activate 100,000 mobile 
app publishers and that should result in 500 million connected devices in 
Developed Markets and that is a significant competitive advantage being 
unlocked in the process.  
 
It is not just about what AdColony stood for. AdColony, powered by Affle, 
will have unique differentiations in the way we will unlock value for the 
ecosystem. We will see it in due course in time. But this is again, an organic 
business development journey for what we were already doing and what we 
are doing. But this will give us an accelerator because of the AdColony brand 
and the trust that it has built in the ecosystem there.  
So, Affle may have a shorter runway in Developed Markets, but with 
AdColony, we are bringing a lot of credibility and goodwill as we go and 
engage with the brands and the advertisers to deliver performance to them. 
. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Onkar Ghugardare from Shree 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
Congrats on a consistent performance. I have a question regarding the new 
large acquisition which you are talking about. Can you give a ballpark how it 
can look like for Affle and how big it can be, how the margin profile will look 

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
18 
 
like? Because earlier, the margin profile used to be lower for the acquisitions 
which you had done and that had dragged the overall margins for you. So, 
this time, how it can look like? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thanks for that question. First of all, with respect to our M&A, our Board and 
our management has always been very transparent with our shareholders 
throughout the process because we know it is a meaningful decision for the 
future.  
 
All along we have been very clear, whether we had shortlisted a certain 
number of companies or went into due diligence on a few of them and now 
we have reached a stage where we have appointed third-party due diligence 
advisors to do deeper due diligence on the targets. 
 
Now, what we are looking for is completing the process by early 2027. In 
terms of our approach, I think we are clear that any acquisition that we would 
do has to be accretive on the bottom line. It has to be supporting the sensible 
margin profile for the business and more importantly, not slowing us down 
on the growth trajectory. 
 
I would only sign on the dotted line and invest if I am convinced that under 
the Affle leadership, the existing business as well as the new inorganic 
acquisition would continue to deliver combined at least 20% growth and will 
deliver a meaningful bottom-line performance, growing our Earnings Per 
Share, growing our cash flows meaningfully.  
 
Overall, that is the kind of mindset with which we are going to execute on 
this. So you should be very comfortable that we are not looking at something 
that will either slow us down or will not be accretive on the bottom line. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
Yes. You mentioned that investors shouldn't be worried about slowing down, 
but actually speaking, this should enhance your growth, right?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Absolutely.  What I am saying is that the enhancement in growth is not 
because of inorganic alone. I am saying that the combined entity on an 
organic basis henceforth, would still grow above 20% and would be accretive.  
 
What is important to know is that you are not just accumulating size. What 
you are accumulating is that even at that bigger size, your speed,velocity 
and efficiency in terms of the spirit and the DNA of the organization will 

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
19 
 
absolutely remain on track. So we are not going to do something that will 
fundamentally change that thesis. Does that make sense? 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
Yes. Another question is that on the 10x target which you had set. So, if you 
look number-wise, you want around 25%, 26% kind of growth for a decade 
from the date which you announced 10x target.  
 
So, right now, if you look at last one, two years, it has been somewhere 
around 20-odd percent, 20%, 21% kind of growth. I mean, is this more of a 
backward-looking growth than the forward-looking growth you are talking 
about because of this M&A and other things which you will be doing? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: When we made the 10x growth target and with the decadal view to that, we 
had also mentioned that we will achieve it in hopefully half the time of the 
decade, which means our past track record shows that we achieve 10x in five 
years and I would like to maintain that.  
 
Now, to get 10x in five years, you need to do it as a combination of over 20% 
organic growth, plus do some meaningful, important strategic acquisitions, 
which when combined, should also continue to grow at 20%+ growth rate. If 
we achieve that, I think the next milestone for us should be $1 billion of 
revenue, which should be around the corner in the next few years with 
organic growth as well as an acquisition. I believe we are very well on track 
for the 10x plan that we have.  
 
I tell this to my team internally. I am 48 years old. I think I have at least two 
more decades ahead of me in terms of providing meaningful, productive 
leadership to Affle. I would like to at least see two to three 10x growth cycles 
in that period of time, hopefully taking us to a much greater height that Affle 
deserves to be at.  
 
So that is the mindset with which we are navigating this journey and I think 
the first 10x journey, you should see it in the next few years. It should not 
take so long. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
Correct. Just one clarification on that front. The numbers which you are 
talking about, when can we actually see those numbers on the ground? 
Because currently, last five, six quarters, it has been around 20%. So, that is 
why I asked this question. When can we see accelerated growth? 

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
20 
 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: The answer is that the last few quarters that you have seen at 20% should 
give you the right kind of confidence. And we have also given you that the 
other step up change will also happen through the acquisitions. The strategic 
acquisition of AdColony, I have already told you about and told you how 
organically we will unlock differentiated competitive advantage there. We 
have given you guidance that the larger M&A is going to happen. We have 
been consistently telling you that we have been working on it for the last 
year or so. 
 
We have also raised the appropriate amount of funding to get ourselves ready 
for that. We have given you a consistent timeline that now we have third-
party due diligence partners working on it. In early 2027, we will close the 
transaction and we will report back to you on the progress. We will keep the 
transparency as far as it is allowed legally.  
 
Now, you should have a lot of confidence in our  thesis because of 20% organic 
growth is the right level of anchoring, as that over six quarters, that you are 
saying that you saw and it should give you validation of that thesis. With that, 
a step change of an acquisition-based M&A stepping that up is the way to get 
to that 10x growth.  
 
Then with the acquisition, we want to make sure the combined entity is still 
proceeding ahead with the same kind of growth velocity and efficiency, both 
in terms of revenue growth and margin expansion. So, that is our thesis and 
that is how we are executing and we are absolutely on track. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Samarth Patel from 
Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Samarth Patel: 
My first question was, if I just look at this particular quarter, the direct 
customer contributed around 79% of the revenue, which was around 74% for 
the entire FY2026. So, this is a sharp step-up. Is this a one-off or genuine mix 
shift that we are currently seeing and how do you expect the agency channel 
to trend from here onwards? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: For us, serving the advertiser either directly or through its agencies, we don't 
distinguish between that. We don't show any strategic preference one way or 
the other.  
 
What is most important for us is that whether the advertiser is having a billing 
relationship with us directly or through its agency, it must have a direct 

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
21 
 
technology integration with us. Because that data integration of advertiser 
intelligence and marrying it with the audience intelligence is important to 
the way we execute our consumer platform, CPCU-based business model. So 
100% of our business has direct advertiser integration.  
 
It is important to report from a revenue standpoint that how much portion 
of the revenue is flowing directly from the advertisers versus the agencies. 
But from a strategic point of view, you should be seeing it as a direct 
advertiser integration that we have, where we are delivering conversions for 
the advertisers with the technology integrations that we have. 
 
Our relationship with the agencies are strong and it will continue to get 
strengthened. It is also that in certain Emerging Markets, certain industry 
verticals, the advertisers have a tendency to work directly with our platform 
because we are very strong in these markets. It could be slightly different as 
we grow and expand and calibrate in Developed Markets. 
 
This percentage will change based on how we evolve from here. Also, what 
kind of an acquisition that we do, the math might be slightly different on 
that front. So I wouldn't give you a guidance on that, but what is important 
for you to note is that the end advertiser has a direct technology integration 
with us and that is the most important aspect here. 
Samarth Patel: 
That was very helpful, sir. Now, my next question is, what would be our 
vertical mix across, let's say, the categories E, F, G, H and specifically in 
India for this particular quarter? Any qualitative flavor that you can give to 
us, which are the verticals which grew fastest, etc, would be really helpful. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Absolutely. So, category E and category F are the categories that are 
absolutely robust and doing really well for us across the board. In category 
G, RMG, the recovery phase is still on, on that front. I believe it is well 
understood. In category H, healthcare, hospitality, I believe we are also 
doing really well there at this moment and I have very strong convictions. 
 
Overall, in categories E, F, G and H, I would say you can order it as category 
E, F, H and G in terms of qualitative ranking on how we are doing in India 
and Emerging Markets. But if you look at Developed Markets, then it would 
be category E and G doing better at this moment, versus category F and H. 
Again, F and H, we see strong momentum and possibilities ahead. Just giving 
you a qualitative color on that. 

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
22 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sagar Karkhanis from Ashika Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Sagar Karkhanis: 
I wanted to understand in the Developed Markets, for our growth going 
forward, do we see higher growth in the U.S. market or higher growth will 
come from the non-U.S. market?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: We would see meaningful growth in Developed Markets. We are very 
convinced with the kind of case studies we have built and the inroads we 
have already got, the team that we are building. We have strong momentum 
at this moment. We see competitive advantage in the way we are executing. 
So U.S. versus non-U.S., we have not split that up, but we are seeing 
meaningful growth in the U.S.  
 
U.S. is the largest one and I would say that U.S. is where the strategic focus 
would be, both organically and inorganically. So U.S. should be growing 
across the board in categories E, F, G, H for us. The verticalization strategy 
is working, the CPCU business model is working and the consumer platform 
business approach across mobile, CTV and other AICDs is working really well 
for us. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Sanjay Ladha from Bastion 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Sir, I just wanted to highlight that we have highlighted in the press release 
that INR 136 crore of investment for sale for Bobble and in the recent press 
release, this company has filed for bankruptcy due to non-payment of debt 
and interest. 
 
As a prudent company, do we have to write off this amount or make a 
provision for this become sooner or later? And now, sooner or later, this can 
be the case that either we have to write it down because the company is no 
longer doing any more business, or some sort of that. So, just wanted to have 
your views on that side. What is the things which we are doing on that side? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thanks for that question. Well, fundamentally, our management and our 
Board believes that Bobble as a technology, as a keyboard platform with over 
almost 15 million to 18 million active users in India, is a valuable asset.  
 
What we strongly believe and it is validated by some of the court orders, by 
Singapore's arbitration as well as the Indian High Court orders, that it is not 

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
23 
 
being managed well by the management of that company and the courts have 
ordered inspection rights for our company to go and inspect into how it is 
being managed or mismanaged. 
 
And the inspection rights, even after the court orders and the SIAC orders, 
have been denied by the management. In order to avoid a lot of these very 
clear court orders that have gone against the management of the company, 
we believe for a very paltry sum of INR 5 crore or something, they have 
allowed for this insolvency proceeding to happen. But the matter is, with the 
courts, we have appealed and challenged. We think that something 
inappropriate is happening and we will take the appropriate action with the 
advice of our lawyers.  
 
We are also evaluating what should be done with respect to it. Therefore, 
our auditors, our audit committee and the Board have all approved the right 
level of disclosures that need to happen. And therefore on your question - 
we will be very prudent. We will take a decisive step in the next few 
quarters.  
 
At this moment, we are of the view that the underlying asset, we will need 
to have more clarity and inspection ability to know what is the real sort of 
reliable value of this asset. 
 
Kapil, do you want to add to it? I hope I have answered it appropriately. But 
if there is any qualifications you need to give to it from a legal perspective, 
otherwise, please complete it on my behalf. 
 
Kapil Bhutani: 
From the accounting perspective, it was discussed and since it is in early 
stage, there is no reliable basis to make a permanent impairment on the 
asset. So, it has been discussed that the impairment would be tested once 
the appeal is decided in NCLT. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take that as the last question of the day. I hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thank you so much for your continuous support and belief in our journey. As 
I mentioned, we are on course for our 10x growth plans and we will deliver 
it well ahead of the decade ending. Our track record shows that we have 
done it in five years before. I would like to achieve it. It will be a combination 

Affle 3i Limited 
August 10, 2026 
 
24 
 
of organic growth, modeled sensibly at around 20% and I think we are showing 
you clear evidence that why that is reasonable. 
 
We are very transparently giving you guidance on what we are looking to do 
inorganically as well. There is a lot of conviction that we will achieve our 10x 
growth plan sensibly. While achieving that, we will maintain our velocity in 
terms of growth as well as efficiency on the bottom line.  
 
So, with that, thank you very much and stay tuned. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Elara Capital, that concludes the conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
*** end *** 
