 
 
ANLON HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
CIN No.: L24230GJ2013PLC077543 
REGISTERED OFFICE: 101/102, Silver Coin Complex, Opp. Crystal Mall, Kalawad Road, 
Rajkot-360005, Gujarat (INDIA) 
PHONE NO.: +91-7069690081/82 | Email: info@anlonhealthcare.com | www.anlon.in 
August 12, 2026 
 
To, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Ref: BSE Scrip Code: 544497 
To, 
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Ltd. 
The Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400051, 
NSE Scrip Code: AHCL 
 
Subject: Sub: Outcome of Q1 & FY/26-27 Earnings Conference Call – Transcript 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to our letter dated July 31, 2026 related to the Earnings Conference call 
and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI-LODR”), we would 
like to inform that the transcript of the Earnings Conference call held on Thursday, August 
06, 2026 at 04:00 P.M. (IST) is attached herewith. 
 
This 
will 
also 
be 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://www.anlon.in/reports.php?subid=15&name=Investor-Meet. 
 
You are requested to take the above information on your record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For ANLON HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
PUNITKUMAR RASADIA 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DIN: 06696258 
 
Rasadia 
Punitkumar 
Rameshbhai
Digitally signed by Rasadia Punitkumar Rameshbhai 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=4798, 
pseudonym=13363440366292472861WAue1dglYlP1, 
2.5.4.20=a003a5c41c134976122eef293c4077137aa4a
1ecd74ed223ac0e8dcc8264a5a2, 
postalCode=360005, st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=9067d666c809e74b4abe895e7d3c841
cee4ae962d432d246758d2cb6b96167f3, cn=Rasadia 
Punitkumar Rameshbhai 
Date: 2026.08.12 14:48:00 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Anlon Healthcare Limited 
Q1 and FY26-27 Earnings Conference Call 
Event Date / Time: 06/08/2026, 04:00 PM 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to Anlon Healthcare Limited Q1 FY27 conference 
call hosted by ConﬁdeLeap Partners. As a reminder, all parƟcipant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask the quesƟon aŌer the opening remark concludes. Please note the conference 
has been recorded. Before we begin, I would like to point out that this conference may contain forward-looking 
statements about a company which are based upon the belief, opinion, and expectaƟon of a company as of the 
date of the call. This statement does not guarantee the future performance of a company and it may involve risks 
and uncertainƟes that are diﬃcult to predict. At ConﬁdeLeap Partners, we represent the investor relaƟon for Anlon 
Healthcare Limited. The company is represented by Mr. Punit Rasadia, who is the chairman and managing director. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Punit Ji for his opening remark. Thank you, and over to you, sir. I would 
request everyone to be on call. We will be connecƟng with the management in a couple of minutes. Thank you. 
 
Punit Rasadia: Am I audible? 
 
Moderator: Yes. Yes, Punit Ji, you can start with your opening remark. You're audible.  
 
Punit Rasadia: Good evening, everyone and warm welcome to Anlon Healthcare Limited Q1 FY27 earnings 
conference call. Thank you all for joining us today. Before I discuss our ﬁnancial performance, I would like to address 
our EBITDA margin for the quarter as we believe it is important to provide context upfront. During Q1 FY27, our 
EBITDA margin moderated to approximately 17%, primarily due to two factors. First, we witnessed a sharp increase 
in a raw material price during the quarter due to global geopoliƟcal situaƟon, which temporarily impacted our cost 
structure. Second, following the acquisiƟon of Remember India Health links, its operaƟng expense are now 
consolidated to Anlon's ﬁnancial. Remember India Health links is currently in an investment and turnaround phase 
as we build and strengthen the business. This has also weighted our own consolidated margin in the near terms. 
We've already iniƟated appropriate price revisions to oﬀset the higher input cost and remain focused on driving 
operaƟonal eﬃciencies across the group. As raw material prices stabilize and the beneﬁts of integraƟon begins to 
ﬂow through, we expect EBITDA margins to gradually recover, and we are working towards stabilizing them in the 
25% to 30% range during Q2 and Q3 of FY27. With the context, let me take you through our Q1 FY27 performance. 
On a consolidated basis, total income for a quarter stood at 87.62 crore compared to 33.31 crore in Q1 FY26, 
represenƟng a signiﬁcant increase driven by largely the consolidaƟon of our recent acquisiƟon along with organic 
growth in our core businesses. EBITDA for the quarter stood at 15.65 crore compared to 6.26 crore in the 
corresponding quarter last year, while proﬁt aŌer tax stood at 8.28 crore compared to 3.55 crore in Q1 FY26. While 
the EBITDA margin moderate for the reason I just outlined, the underlying scale of our business has expanded 
meaningfully. Let me now turn to the strategic development during the quarter, which are important in 
understanding the broader transformaƟon underway at Anlon. Q1 FY27 was transformaƟonal quarter for Anlon in 
terms of how we are reshaping and broadening the business. During the quarter, we completed the acquisiƟon of 
Remember India Health links, acquiring a 63.98% stake, with the transacƟon which was completed on 8th of the 
May 2026. Remember India Health links is engaged in the manufacturing and markeƟng of ﬁnished pharmaceuƟcal 
formulaƟon including tablet, capsule, and ointment, which provides us access to over 30 formulaƟon dossiers as 

well. This is an important step in Anlon's evoluƟon as it marks our entry into ﬁnished dosage formulaƟon. UnƟl 
now, our focus has largely been on pharmaceuƟcal intermediates and API, which serve as key input for the 
pharmaceuƟcal formulaƟon. With this acquisiƟon, we are beginning to transiƟon from the API-focused 
manufacturer into a more integrated pharmaceuƟcal company with a presence across B2B APIs, domesƟc retail and 
hospital markets. Over Ɵme, we believe this will provide us a broader plaƞorm and strengthen our markeƟng 
posiƟon. Alongside this, we conƟnue to advance our capacity expansion and backward integraƟon strategy. Apiqo 
Organics, which is now a subsidiary of Anlon, strengthens our backward integraƟon capabiliƟes for criƟcal 
pharmaceuƟcal intermediate as well as our upcoming industrial and ﬁne chemical business as well. Apiqo provides 
us with a ready and established manufacturing plaƞorm, supporƟng improved cost compeƟƟveness and supply 
security, while BizoƟc Lifesciences provides a ready-to-operate manufacturing facility reducing the execuƟon risk 
and Ɵmeliness associated with seƫng up greenﬁeld capacity while further strengthening our regulatory readiness. 
Taken together, this acquisiƟon has helped expand our installed manufacturing capacity to approximately 1400 to 
1600 metric ton per annum. To summarize our strategic direcƟon, Anlon is evolving from a company focused 
primarily on pharmaceuƟcal intermediates and API into a broader integrated pharmaceuƟcal plaƞorm spanning 
intermediates, APIs, custom manufacturing, ﬁnished dosage formulaƟon, and industrial and ﬁne chemical. Each 
acquisiƟon has been undertaken with a clear strategic purpose for backward integraƟon and cost compeƟƟveness 
through Apiqo, faster capacity scale-up through BizoƟc and expansion across the pharmaceuƟcal value chain 
through Remember Health links. We remain conﬁdent in our mid-term growth trajectory and conƟnue to work 
towards our target approximately 30% revenue CAGR over the next three years, supported by our expanded 
manufacturing plaƞorm, regulatory capabiliƟes, diversiﬁed product porƞolio, and acquisiƟon we have undertaken. 
As menƟoned earlier, we expect EBITDA margins to gradually normalize into 25% to 30% range as raw material cost 
stabilize and integraƟon beneﬁt occurs. To conclude, Q1 FY27 was a quarter of signiﬁcant strategic transformaƟon 
for Anlon. We have taken concrete steps to broaden our plaƞorm beyond intermediates and API. While this 
transformaƟon has resulted in some near-term pressure on margins, we believe these iniƟaƟves meaningfully 
strengthen our long-term compeƟƟveness posiƟon, create a strong foundaƟon for sustainable growth. We remain 
commiƩed to execuƟng our strategy with a discipline and keeping all our stakeholder update on our progress. With 
this, I would now like to open the ﬂoor for quesƟon and answers. 
 
Moderator: ParƟcipants are requested to raise their hand for their quesƟon for their quesƟon. Also, one can request 
the quesƟon in the quesƟon box. We will wait for two minutes for the queue to form. Next quesƟon is from Mr. 
Deepak Poddar. Sir, please introduce yourself and unmute. 
 
Deepak Poddar: Yeah, am I audible? 
 
Moderator: Yes, sir. 
 
Deepak Poddar: Yeah, thank you very much for this opportunity. Sir, just wanted to understand ﬁrst up on your 
margins. I mean, you menƟoned that because of a couple of things, I mean, the raw material prices and the 
acquisiƟon so their cost also is now coming to Anlon. So, as we speak, have the RM prices normalized, so what's 
the current situaƟon? 
 
Punit Rasadia: No, RM prices are sƟll not normalized. See, the prices are almost increased more than two to three 
Ɵmes and it is already there only. So, I think improvisaƟon can be only expected aŌer the normalizaƟon of this war 
situaƟon, stability in the prices of crude and stability in the price of dollar. But that is not expected in near future, 
but on the other part, we are already able to increase our cost of the ﬁnished product and we have convinced our 
customer to pay for it. So it will be, I think, reﬂected in the next one or two quarters. 
 
Deepak Poddar: Okay, understood. So, the prices have increased what, two to three Ɵmes, raw material prices? 
 

Punit Rasadia: Depend see, whatever the raw materials basically solvents from petroleum products or products 
dependent on the petroleum raw materials, it is increased huge. So minimum two to three Ɵmes compared to the 
pre-war Ɵme. 
 
Deepak Poddar: Like 100 rupees has become 200 to 300? 
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah, you can say like the methanol was 22 rupees, now it is almost 58 to 60 rupees. 
 
Deepak Poddar: Oh. 
 
Punit Rasadia: Same like in the product which is derived from the methanol, that all the prices depend on that. 
There are so many raw materials which is cut from the basic petrochemical solvents and that aﬀects on the 
product's raw material prices. 
 
Deepak Poddar: Understood. And now, the EBITDA margin normalizaƟon you expect to happen by which quarter? 
I mean, I mean some beneﬁt will see in second quarter? 
 
Punit Rasadia: Mostly, we are expecƟng by Q3 it will be normalized, because we are already geƫng the beƩer 
prices in our product, so it will be surely reﬂected in H1 result as well. 
 
Deepak Poddar: Okay, so by third quarter you expect the margins to normalize. But 2Q will see some beneﬁt of 
this, your increased your ﬁnished product prices? 
 
Punit Rasadia: So, it is basically not any beneﬁt, because it is the domino eﬀect like that our raw material price are 
increased and we have already increased our ﬁnished product price. So, in terms of the percentage, it will remain 
the same.  
 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. So 2Q EBITDA margin will likely to be similar to 1Q EBITDA margins.  
 
Punit Rasadia: Deepak Ji, can you pardon, actually I'm not able to hear you clearly.  
 
Deepak Poddar: Yeah, so your second quarter margins will be similar to your ﬁrst quarter margins? 
 
Punit Rasadia: I think it would be beƩer than the ﬁrst quarter.  
 
Deepak Poddar: BeƩer than. Yeah, so it would be beƩer than the 1Q margin.  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yes, exactly.  
 
Deepak Poddar: Okay, understood. And on in terms of your revenue growth, I mean now already we have done 
about 87-88 crores, right? And we are talking about 30% growth. So, isn't that very conservaƟve? I mean, at 30% 
we are only at what, 220 to 225 crores kind of a revenue for FY27. So how should one look at your FY27 revenue 
growth? 
 
Punit Rasadia: See, FY27 we are expecƟng as even last earnings call and last meeƟng also menƟoned that we are 
expecƟng somewhere around between 350 to 400 CR.  
 
Deepak Poddar: 350 to 400 crores, right?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yes.  
 

Deepak Poddar: Okay, understood. And given our capacity, now including everything, Anlon, your Apiqo, and 
BizoƟc, total capacity is right now 1400 to 1600, and we have menƟoned the capacity uƟlizaƟon currently we are 
running at is what 62%?  
 
Punit Rasadia: I think that is somewhere around 65 to 70%. 
 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. So, what would be the total revenue potenƟal? I mean, if we opƟmally uƟlize our faciliƟes, 
what can be the opƟmal revenue we can achieve?  
 
Punit Rasadia: I think that is what we are expecƟng between 350 to 400 CR.  
 
Deepak Poddar: No, okay. At the peak level, right?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah, I'm just trying to understand peak level what can be the revenue potenƟal from your current 
assets, yeah. Peak level it would be somewhere around 350 to 400 CR. That is what I'm explaining. OpƟmum 65 to 
67 what we are using right now.  
 
Deepak Poddar: Okay, that's the opƟmum revenue.  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yes. 
 
Deepak Poddar: Okay, okay. So, what will drive your growth in FY28 next year?  
 
Punit Rasadia: See, as we have already started the expansion acƟvity at Anlon site, so if it will be completed as per 
our schedule without any delay, then we are expecƟng somewhere around 700 CR in FY28.  
 
Deepak Poddar: 700. Now, so can you throw some more light what is the expansion plan at the Anlon side?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Expansion, yes, we are already doing the expansion for the around 130 CR of the new CAPEX.  
 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. And how much capacity will be coming and where we are doing this?  
 
Punit Rasadia: So that will be the standalone Anlon's capacity would be somewhere around 1600 metric ton.  
 
Deepak Poddar: From current which is 400?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Total to 400 to total, so it will be new added around 1200.  
 
Deepak Poddar: Ah, so we are adding around 1200 metric ton.  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yes.  
 
Deepak Poddar: So, and by when we expect to commission this this capacity?  
 
Punit Rasadia: See, construcƟon and everything is already lined up and we are expecƟng at least by Q1 of FY28 it 
should be if everything goes well because there are so many statutory approvals are also there. We are ready with 
that, but if something happened which is not in our control and if it is delayed, then it will be delayed otherwise 
everything is on track.  
 
Deepak Poddar: Understand. So, this new capacity is coming by 1Q of FY28.  
 

Punit Rasadia: Yes.  
 
Deepak Poddar: So just menƟoned that the current capacity which includes all the acquisiƟon is currently running 
at opƟmum uƟlizaƟon of what 65%, right? So ideally the revenue that we have achieved in this quarter which was 
close to 90 crores, right? So, if we annualize it, we come to around that 350 to 400 range. It would be 360, so ideally 
that would be... 
 
Punit Rasadia: Deepak Ji, I sorry to interrupt, but see in pharma or chemical, it is not right measurement to measure 
the quarter-on-quarter basis. BeƩer I suggest that you'll compare with the H1 or H2 basis.  
 
Deepak Poddar: Okay.  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah. Because see, this quarter we closed with the 87. So, if you consolidated, you'll just compare 
with the H1, then we'll have the much beƩer ﬁgure than that.  
 
Deepak Poddar: Correct, correct. No, I was just trying to understand in terms of uƟlizaƟon. I mean... 
 
Punit Rasadia: No, why because I'm telling you, see depend on product to product the output capacity, the 
producƟon cycle and everything is depended on product and all those things. So, quarter on quarter even output 
is also not right criteria to measure.  
 
Deepak Poddar: Okay, okay.  
 
Punit Rasadia: Because some of the product will take 15 to 18 days, some of my product will take around 40 days 
to complete the producƟon cycle. So, if I am starƟng producƟon in month of the June, then its output will come in 
the July or August, so sales and revenue will be reﬂected in the second quarter.  
 
Deepak Poddar: Very clear, very clear. I mean, very clear. Just last thing from my side. This quarter what was the 
revenue contribuƟon from Panoli and Morbi? 1Q?  
 
Punit Rasadia: You mean in that consolidaƟon?  
 
Deepak Poddar: Yes, yeah. I mean out of...  
 
Punit Rasadia: See, revenue from the BizoƟc it is somewhere around 12 CR.  
 
Deepak Poddar: Uh-huh.  
 
Punit Rasadia: And from the Apiqo it is somewhere around 45 CR.  
 
Deepak Poddar: 45 CR.  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah. And Anlon is somewhere around 32 CR.  
 
Deepak Poddar: Anlon is 32.  
 
Punit Rasadia: 32 yeah.  
 
Deepak Poddar: And we hold around 68% stake in Apiqo and 57% stake in BizoƟc.  
 

Punit Rasadia: Yeah, but we have already started to do the 100 making its 100% wholly own subsidiary by the way 
of share swapping. So that process is already going on. So, I think by end of the Q2 we'll complete it.  
 
Deepak Poddar: By end of Q2. And we are looking to have 100% stake in both of these?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah, we'll make the 100% subsidiary of Anlon.  
 
Deepak Poddar: End of 2Q.  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah. The we have already inƟmated to exchange as well in last board meeƟng. So, the process is 
already iniƟated.  
 
Deepak Poddar: Okay, okay. Fair point. I mean, that would be from my side would like to wish you all the luck.  
 
Punit Rasadia: Okay, Deepak Ji. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. Just a quick reminder to everyone, if you have any quesƟon, please raise your hand using 
the reacƟon tab. Also, one can request the quesƟon in the quesƟon box. Next, we have Mr. Vikas Daga. Sir, you may 
unmute and introduce yourself. Next, we have Mr. Vaibhav Mishra.  
 
Vaibhav Mishra: Hello sir, good evening. Sir, I just want to know whether we are facing some, I mean problem in 
passing on the raw material prices to our customers because our margins have been conƟnuously degrading from 
the last two quarters, I think. In the last quarter itself we guided that raw material price hikes have been done from 
our side and we will not go below 24-25% margins in Q1 at any cost in the last call. And call before that we were 
sure that we will maintain around 30% plus kind of margins. So, while our I mean many pharma companies are, you 
know, able to pass on the prices and their margins are I think more or less intact, but we are facing conƟnuous 
pressure from, you know, customer so we are not I mean maintaining our margins. So, what is the reason I mean 
for this conƟnuous decline in the margins and I mean what can we expect the consolidator margins for the whole 
FY27, I mean to know that what kind of margins we can see in?  
 
Punit Rasadia: See, basically there are two things. In Q1 when we have made the last call it was for the Q4 of FY26. 
At that Ɵme, we were not having the result of the Q1, but the price eﬀect was there already from the April aŌer 
this war. So, the orders which were in our hand, which is already taken, in which we were not able to get the price 
factor, I mean, increase in the price from the customer because of our long-term relaƟon and all those things. So, 
in next order we are deﬁnitely able to get the beƩer prices from that, but the what because see, generally the 
solvent and chemical prices was changing every day. And now the situaƟon is that it is changing every hour, every 
two hours they are changing the price which is not in our control. So basically, the pressure or the price, the pressure 
on the EBITDA margin, that was the temporary and that is because of the geopoliƟcal situaƟon only. But I think in 
Q2, we are already able to maintain that EBITDA margin which is the sustainable and which was in line with our 
earlier expectaƟon somewhere around 25%. Now the second thing is that we have recently acquired the three 
companies. Out of that BizoƟc and Apiqo is doing the quite good in terms of the proﬁtability and in terms of the 
numbers. But the in the percentage wise when you see the EBITDA margin percentage wise it is also under pressure 
and which is giving the pressure to consolidated balance sheet. While in Remember we are sƟll not able to means 
start the operaƟonal acƟvity so maintenance and some of the upgradaƟon, validaƟon acƟvity is going on. So, 
pressure on the EBITDA is because of that depreciaƟon and all those thing over there which is somewhere around 
1.29 which aﬀect on the PAT. But we are conﬁdent that within next one or two quarters will give the same similar 
EBITDA margin somewhere around 25 to 27%.  
 
Vaibhav Mishra: Okay sir. So, about sir Remember India acquisiƟon, I mean what can what kind of number can we 
expect from Remember India in our revenue contribuƟon this year and the FY28? 
 

Punit Rasadia: This year see, we are not considering any numbers in our earlier expected ﬁgures of 380 to 400 CR 
because see we are planning for the CDMO projects as well as some of the regulatory market access along with 
some approval from the regulatory agencies. So, we are trying to get it get it ﬁrst so at least by Q3 we are not 
expecƟng any revenue from the Remember India. But we are expecƟng some WHO-PQ approval by end of this 
calendar year and from next year or next ﬁnancial year or maybe last quarter of FY27 we are expecƟng revenue. 
So, I think it is liƩle bit early for me to give you the any expected ﬁgure for the next year's revenue. So maybe in Q2 
I'll be able to give the exact ﬁgure with the projecƟon.  
 
Vaibhav Mishra: And sir margins of Remember India will be around 25-30% or some change?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah, that would be beƩer somewhere more than the 25% as well. Because being a formulaƟon 
company or formulaƟon products, we have our own backward API supply chain as well along with our customer 
where we'll get the beƩer prices compared to API. So that will be more than 25%.  
 
Vaibhav Mishra: All right. So FY27 on the whole we can expect 25% on consolidated level, correct?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah, yeah.  
 
Vaibhav Mishra: Okay. And sir, I just want to understand the seasonality of our business like we are H1 heavy or H2 
heavy because last year some consolidaƟon also happened of Apiqo and BizoƟc so it's not clear from the, you know, 
numbers that we are which which half?  
 
Punit Rasadia: See, I think beƩer H1 and H2 you will compare then you will get the exact clarity for that.  
 
Vaibhav Mishra: Yes, so which one is heavier sir? H1 or H2 for us normally?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah, generally H1 is liƩle bit lower than the H2.  
 
Vaibhav Mishra: All right. All right. 45-55 kind of sir, correct?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yes, yes.  
 
Vaibhav Mishra: Okay, okay. And sir one quesƟon regarding CDMO molecules, I think one was expected commercial 
supply by Q3 and other two molecules by Q4 or Q1 FY28?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah, we are already in line with that, yeah. Because we are in line with that. We don't have any 
new update from the last meeƟng.  
 
Vaibhav Mishra: And sir any update on the that ﬁne chemical and like new verƟcal that industrial and ﬁne chemical?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah, that in Apiqo Organics that we are doing is industrial and ﬁne chemical as well and that we 
are already fully booked and you can say like the overbooked. So, there is no any issues with the any business or 
anything.  
 
Vaibhav Mishra: So, sir out of these 380 crores, I mean, what kind of contribuƟon do you expect from this ﬁne 
chemical and specialty chemical kind of?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Somewhere around 150 CR. Between 120 to 150.  
 
Vaibhav Mishra: Okay, okay. It's already a big part of, you know, our yeah. Okay thank you sir, thank you all the best 
for the future sir.  

 
Punit Rasadia: Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. Just a quick reminder to everyone, if you have any quesƟon, please raise your hand using 
the reacƟon tab. Also, one can request their quesƟons in the quesƟon box. Next, we have Mr. Paras Chheda. Sir, 
you can unmute and introduce yourself sir.  
 
Paras Chheda: Thank you, sir, for this opportunity and congratulaƟons for the strong set of results. Sir, just one, you 
know, couple of queries actually. We have this for FY27 we saw this Q1 EBITDA margins that came under pressure. 
So, you know, trying to understand for, you know, for FY27, out of the three, I mean what will be the contribuƟon 
in terms of revenue from BizoƟc, Apiqo and this Remember India, and Remember India I think is in very early stages. 
But, you know, Remember India what will be the revenue contribuƟon from these three subsidiaries to the 350 to 
400 crore overall revenue forecast? And what consolidated EBITDA margins do we project now having seen the Q1 
EBITDA margins what we saw? And can we also, sir, you know, indicate similar contribuƟon and EBITDA margins for 
FY28, sir?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah, Paras Ji, I just menƟoned in last query that BizoƟc's contribuƟon in that Q1 consolidaƟon is 
somewhere around 11.5 CR, Apiqo is somewhere around 45 CR.  
 
Paras Chheda: No, sir, I was looking for full year FY27 and FY28.  
 
Punit Rasadia: FY27 I cannot comment as of now on FY28, but FY27 is somewhere around between 120 to 150 CR 
from Apiqo, the similar around 180 CR from the Anlon and around 60 CR from the BizoƟc. Remember we are not 
considering anything yet as we are at the upgradaƟon and validaƟon stages Ɵll the Q3. So maybe in earnings call of 
the Q2 I'll be able to give you the exact details with the exact projecƟon.  
 
Paras Chheda: And what consolidated EBITDA margins do you now project sir?  
 
Punit Rasadia: See we are expecƟng that by H1 it would be normalized somewhere around 22 to 25 CR and we are 
expecƟng the previously menƟoned the 25 to 27% EBITDA margin in the FY27. So, it will not be much aﬀected on 
that, it is just the Q1 due to sudden rise in the raw material prices and all those things.  
 
Paras Chheda: Right, sir. So, for FY27 can we safely assume 23 to 25% EBITDA margins or slightly lower?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah, yeah, deﬁnitely. No, we'll deﬁnitely get the somewhere around 25%.  
 
Paras Chheda: Understood. And probably even for FY28 should we expect similar sort of EBITDA margins, sir?  
 
Punit Rasadia: For the FY28? Yeah, we'll try to maintain the same wavelength and we'll try to get it beƩer than that 
as we'll include that formulaƟon revenue also over there.  
 
Paras Chheda: Sir just one more thing, you know, I mean there is a disrupƟon in oil prices suddenly shoot up. Is it a 
feature that more or less we will be impacted every Ɵme, you know, oil volaƟlity conƟnues on the upside because 
most of the Ɵme we will be locking the prices and the raw material if it is not hedged, we could be open to that. 
So, do we sort of also expect that, you know, if the oil prices stay volaƟle margins could be suscepƟble or vulnerable?  
 
Punit Rasadia: See, prices of the raw material basically most of these solvents are from the petroleum products. 
So, all prices depend on the petroleum and crude prices even with the dollar and currency ﬂuctuaƟon is also very 
high from 91 to 96 within a month. Freight cost is one of the factors. So that also aﬀect on the prices. So directly 
we are not connected with the crude price and all those things but yes, indirectly our raw material in most of the 

API manufacturing around 40% cost is from the solvents and petroleum products apart from our key starƟng 
material and raw material. So, it always depends on the prices of the solvent as well.  
 
Paras Chheda: Right. So whenever, you know, there is a, you know, disrupƟon oil price shock in our parlance, 
broadly... 
 
Punit Rasadia: Paras Ji, this is not Paras Ji, this is not a regular pracƟce. I think we are doing this business since the 
last 10 years and it's a once in a lifeƟme like situaƟon, it's not like that suddenly it is increased so much.  
 
Paras Chheda: No, no, I understand, sir, I'm just saying just parƟcularly for this year and, you know, we have a 
diﬀerent administraƟon in the US and so on and so forth. So, I'm just trying to, you know, understand beƩer that if 
oil volaƟlity is high, we might face pressure on the raw material prices. It is because the product prices, you know, 
are basically ﬁxed for us. So those quarters can get bit vulnerable.  
 
Punit Rasadia: See Paras Ji, one more problem is that, see when you are going to buy the raw materials, you have 
to pay the as per the current market price. But while you are maintaining the relaƟon with your customers, because 
we are dealing in the B2B business, so you hardly have 10 to 15 customers. So, you cannot go to your customer 
every day and ask them to change the prices depend on the prices of crude. At certain level you have to maintain 
your credibility also, so if your margin is geƫng aﬀected then also, we have to supply. We have already supplied in 
the month of April, our previous commitment and as per the previous order, then we'll have we have asked to 
customer to increase the price because it is not workable to us. So, if you have to take the heat, then there is no 
other way to come out of that. Because we are not in that kind of FMCG product line of things that you'll go and 
increase the price.  
 
Paras Chheda: No, understood, sir, understood. And sir, for FY27 you said that opƟmum or peak capacity uƟlizaƟon 
we will be reaching 350-400 crores. Now the new 1200 capacity that will come in next year, what kind of and you 
said about 700 crores, so shall we assume that all the incremental 300 crores or potenƟally will come from the new 
greenﬁeld capacity that's probably coming online next year? Or is there incremental revenue that these three... 
 
Punit Rasadia: See, Paras Ji, I got your quesƟon. Paras Ji, see once we'll have the new capacity then it is not like 
that, we'll start using 100% within next one year or two years. Because what capacity we are building out of that 
we are establishing new eight cleanliness so we can run the eight APIs simultaneously. This is the one thing and 
second thing is that when you're going for the approval and all those things, so iniƟally whatever the projecƟon we 
are taking that is we are considering around 50 to 60% uƟlizaƟon only.  
 
Paras Chheda: And basis that we are saying about 700 crore potenƟal could be there for next year.  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yes.  
 
Paras Chheda: Right. And sir Remember India when do you expect that to commercially begin operaƟons and what 
kind of peak EBITDA can we expect from that... 
 
Punit Rasadia: Paras Ji, I think you we are planning from the Q4.  
 
Paras Chheda: Okay. And what peak revenue can we expect from that?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Paras Ji, I think I'll able to convey to all these stakeholders in Q2.  
 
Paras Chheda: Understood.  
 

Punit Rasadia: Because we are just exploring so many opƟons so it is liƩle bit early for us to comment on that 
anything.  
 
Paras Chheda: Understood sir. Fair enough, sir. I think that's good enough on this. Thank you, thank you so much, 
sir.  
 
Punit Rasadia: Okay, Paras Ji. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. Just a quick reminder to everyone, if you have any quesƟon, please raise your hand using 
the reacƟon tab. Also, one can request their quesƟons in the quesƟon box. Next, we have online Mr. Ashish Parikh. 
Sir, you can unmute yourself and introduce yourself. Over to you, Ashish sir.  
 
Ashish Parikh: Am I audible, sir?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah, yeah, Ashish.  
 
Ashish Parikh: Sir, good aŌernoon. CongratulaƟons on the good numbers. I understand that this quarter was quite 
challenging due to the issues with the shipping lines. Despite that, we did not compromise on revenue, and our 
revenue has grown well. So, once these conﬂicts are resolved, can we expect the company to gradually return to a 
steady-state EBITDA margin of around 33%? 
 
 
Punit Rasadia: 33% is Ashish Ji not possible as of now because we are doing so many acƟviƟes together like we are 
in operaƟng in industrial and ﬁle chemicals where proﬁtability or EBITDA margin is not as much as higher like the 
pharma. So, on the consolidaƟon basis we are expecƟng between 25 to 28%.  
 
Ashish Parikh: Fair enough, sir. Absolutely, that makes sense, especially since we are also expanding. My second 
quesƟon is regarding the expansion... 
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah, and second thing is that we are increasing our team, we are bringing the professional in the 
system. So, our operaƟng cost is also increasing.  
 
Ashish Parikh: Okay, sir. Secondly, we are also opening subsidiaries and exploring diﬀerent areas, and we have made 
three acquisiƟons as well. So, sir, are you planning any further acquisiƟons, or would you prefer to ﬁrst consolidate 
these acquisiƟons properly? 
 
Punit Rasadia: See Ashish Ji, you can see the matrix. Apiqo is independently in sustainable mode with the Q1 around 
40 to 45 CR of the revenue with the beƩer proﬁtability. So, we are exploring to increase the capacity over there 
because we have some more business opportunity in this area. So independently that Apiqo can be sustainable and 
we don't need to worry on that, we have to just focus to streamline the things operaƟon and compliance on that. 
The same way in the BizoƟc, the capacity what we are using, that is already going on. It is also a proﬁtable with the 
revenue of somewhere around 12 CR in Q1. So Anlon is already going on. So, remember we are having the 
commiƩed business from our partners. So, we are just upgrading the things as per the regulatory compliances so 
and we are conﬁdent that within the for means in the ﬁrst year itself it will be the proﬁtable with the some 
reasonably good revenue. So, whatever the new this subsidiary we are establishing, that is in line with the pharma 
line the pepƟdes or biological products, but it will take around one to two years for the establishing or new 
construcƟon and new acƟviƟes. Hmm. So, I think in terms of the all the business, we are with the least leverage 
and within the control, we are not having any huge debt on the any of the companies. So, we are in the very much 
beƩer situaƟon as of now and sƟll we are exploring if is any good opportunity will come for the inorganic growth 
with which will align with our strategy and all those thing then deﬁnitely, we'll see for that.  
 

Ashish Parikh: Okay, sir. Regarding our revenue guidance of ₹400 crore, are we maintaining the ₹400 crore revenue 
guidance for FY27? 
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah, yeah. See ﬁrst Q1 we are closed somewhere around 87 CR. Q2 we will be in line with that 
because that's why I'll just explain that beƩer to compare the H1 H2 instead of the quarter-on-quarter basis. So, on 
the basis of the ﬁgure of the H1 you'll be get the liƩle bit comfort for our guidance of 380 to 400 CR.  
 
Ashish Parikh: Okay sir. Sir we were launching pepƟdes, cosmeƟc pepƟdes and also that compeƟƟve product for 
Volini. Two products we were launching. So, any update on those two products?  
 
Punit Rasadia: PepƟde for manufacturing we have already incorporated Anlon Biologics Private Limited, which will 
be the subsidiary of Anlon. Basic planning for the construcƟon and all these acƟviƟes is already going on, so mostly 
within two months we'll start the commencement acƟvity and everything. Most of the product is idenƟﬁed, product 
is already developed at the R&D level. So that is already as per the plan and by I guess FY28 we'll start the over own 
manufacturing of the pepƟdes with the human cosmeƟc and Neutra-all as well. The same way for the pain 
management ointment, that procedure is started to submit to the DCGI because that will be the ﬁrst Ɵme in India 
launch for that kind of product. So that is we are expecƟng within one year all these approvals from the DCGI and 
will start the manufacture. And Remember India's acquisiƟon was also one of the strategic parts of that so we'll 
don't depend on any third-party manufacturing and we'll do it in-house itself.  
 
Ashish Parikh: Sir, we are also working towards developing CDMO products. Are there any breakthrough innovaƟve 
products in the pipeline? 
 
Punit Rasadia: Sorry?  
 
Ashish Parikh: We were also working towards CDMO products, four three four CDMO innovator products. Yes. Any 
break through on them sir?  
 
Punit Rasadia: As of now it is the same status what we have discussed in last earnings call in the month of the May. 
So, we are expecƟng at least by aŌer Q3 because all these process validaƟons are already going on.  
 
Ashish Parikh: That's all from my side sir. Thank you so much.  
 
Punit Rasadia: Okay, Paras Ji.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. Just a quick reminder to everyone, if you have any quesƟon, please raise your hand using 
the reacƟon tab. Also, one would request their quesƟons in the quesƟon box. Next, we have Mr. Gaurav Shukla sir. 
Sir, you may unmute yourself and introduce yourself.  
 
Gaurav Shukla: CongratulaƟons sir for good set of numbers and thanks for giving me opportunity. Sir, in last con 
call you have said that you are focusing on seven new API across addiƟonal therapeuƟc categories. Sir what are the 
situaƟon of these?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah, that APIs we have planned to ﬁle within this FY27. So, their compilaƟon of the DMF, DMF ﬁling 
acƟvity is already going on. So, I think it is not like that every month there will be any update on the ﬁling. So, we 
are on the track to ﬁle the new seven DMFs within this FY27.  
 
Gaurav Shukla: Okay, sir. And sir, your PPT menƟons a uƟlizaƟon rate of 62.37%. So, sir, is this the maximum 
uƟlizaƟon level, and... 
 
Punit Rasadia: Sir, can you pardon? I missed your voice.  

 
Gaurav Shukla: Sir am I audible sir?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah, you are audible now.  
 
Gaurav Shukla: Sir capacity uƟlizaƟon in your PPT shows 62.37%.  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah, on the consolidaƟon basis.  
 
Gaurav Shukla: Yes, sir. Is this the maximum uƟlizaƟon level, or can it be increased further? That's what I wanted 
to ask. 
 
Punit Rasadia: No, it can be increased, right now we are just trying to increase the capacity at the Apiqo as well 
because Anlon standalone capacity we are at the peak level. So, there is no possibility to increase any producƟon 
over there that's why we are going for the organic expansion. But yes, in BizoƟc and Apiqo it can be increased, but 
it will not be like that from 65 to 85 we'll do it within this year. So, it will be gradually increased.  
 
Gaurav Shukla: Okay, sir. In the PPT, you have menƟoned a capacity of 1,400 to 1,600 metric tonnes per annum 
aŌer the expansion. So, sir, what is the current capacity as of the end of June, aŌer Q1 FY27? 
 
Punit Rasadia: See that is the capacity will not be changed because we have not expanded anything. So, it is the 
1400 to 1600 itself. I didn't get your quesƟon exactly.  
 
Gaurav Shukla: "Sir, you menƟoned that aŌer the expansion, the capacity will be 1,400 to 1,600 metric tonnes per 
annum.  
 
Punit Rasadia: That is the stan- right now it is 400 only.  
 
Gaurav Shukla: Okay, sir. For ﬁne chemicals and specialty chemicals, you are planning an expansion of ₹150 crore, 
sir? So, this... 
 
Punit Rasadia: No, no, you are mixing up too many things. There has been no conﬁrmaƟon or any comment 
regarding the ₹150 crore expansion in ﬁne chemicals. I think there is some confusion here. Could you please clarify 
the exact quesƟon? 
 
Gaurav Shukla: Sir, in response to the previous parƟcipant's quesƟon, you menƟoned that ₹150 crore would be 
invested in the expansion. So, regarding that, I wanted to ask whether... 
 
Punit Rasadia: That is for the Anlon's CAPEX which is expected somewhere around 130 CR.  
 
Gaurav Shukla: So, sir, do you have the funds available internally, or will you raise the money through debt or 
diluƟon? 
 
Punit Rasadia: We are taking the debt of around 70 CR and remaining from the internal...  
 
Gaurav Shukla: Okay sir. That's from me sir. Thank you, sir. All the best sir.  
 
Punit Rasadia: Thank you.  
 

Moderator: Thank you. Just a quick reminder to everyone, if you have any quesƟon, please raise your hand using 
the reacƟon tab. Next quesƟon we have from Mr. Anshul Sharma sir. Sir, please unmute yourself and ask your 
quesƟons.  
 
Anshul Sharma: Yeah, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Um, so my quesƟons are regarding the recent subsidiaries 
that is Anlon Biologics and Anlon Medicare. So, I just wanted to understand like what is the purpose for both of 
these and how are you trying to expand in these?  
 
Punit Rasadia: See we want to keep the biological product separately from the Anlon Healthcare. So, for the 
manufacturing of the pepƟdes, biosimilars, and some of the other bio products, we have established the new facility 
company called the Anlon Biologics, which will work separately from the Anlon Healthcare because the type of the 
product, type of the manufacturing strength, type of the people and products technology, that is completely 
diﬀerent than what chemical products we are doing. That is one of the reasons because if we'll do the any regulatory 
applicaƟon over there so we don't want to mix it with the Anlon Healthcare. So that is one of the reasons. And 
Anlon Medicare that we want to do it for the surgical implants for the trauma, spine and all those things, joints and 
everything, which will be the strategic part for our pain management whole ecosystem where our key products 
ketoprofen, loxoprofen is there in formulaƟon also we are there. So that is not the chemical products or pharma 
products, that's why that company is also separately incorporated.  
 
Anshul Sharma: All right. Um and how does it align to your long-term vision and also can you tell like when can it 
start generaƟng revenues possible?  
 
Punit Rasadia: See in Anlon Biologics I think we are expecƟng by FY28 Q4 we'll start to generate the revenue and 
in Anlon Medicare at least by Q2 of FY28 we will start to generate the revenue.  
 
Anshul Sharma: Okay. That's helpful. Um yeah that's it from my side. Thank you so much.  
 
Punit Rasadia: Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. Just a quick reminder to everyone, if you have any quesƟon, please raise your hand using 
the reacƟon tab. Next, we have with us Mr. Majid Ahmed. Sir, please unmute yourself and ask your quesƟons.  
 
Majid Ahmed: Am I audible now sir?  
 
Moderator: Yes, you're audible. You can ask your quesƟons.  
 
Majid Ahmed: Yes sir. Uh thank you sir for the opportunity. And good set of numbers sir. Uh sir just want to 
understand especially uh we had very high working capital days and inventory days FY26. And now we also see 
some kind of margin compression as well. So, are we looking to compensate with beƩer uh you know, you know, 
so you know oﬀseƫng our inventory and improving our cash ﬂows and how are we going about that sir in terms of 
improving the working capital?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Majid Ji, can you pardon your quesƟon because your voice is not audible.  
 
Majid Ahmed: Am I audible now sir?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah, actually what last part you asked can you just pardon that?  
 
Majid Ahmed: No sir are we looking to sell some are we selling some of our inventory in any loss or anything sir? 
Are we... 
 

Punit Rasadia: No, no no. We are not selling inventory. See basically why the inventory was there in the system 
because we are our development process is already going on. When you are going for the any process validaƟon or 
new product development, so for submiƫng the DMF or preparaƟon of the DMF you have to take at least four 
batches of the process validaƟon. That product you cannot sell it immediately so it will stay in your inventory at 
least for 9 to 12 months. Once you'll get the DMF approval or conﬁrmaƟon from the customer then at that Ɵme for 
the validaƟon quanƟty you can able to sell. So, if you'll conƟnue with your all the development acƟvity then 
inventory will always remain in the system. But it will not aﬀect on your cash ﬂow or anything because that is 
basically investment. It is not an expense. The same thing is that whatever the EBITDA margin is reduced, that is 
because of the situaƟon geopoliƟcal situaƟon which is not in control of anyone. But we believe that we are already 
able to increase the geƫng the beƩer price from the customer and it will be beneﬁted in the next quarter result. 
So, it is not a situaƟon for us to worry as of now or there is no as such any cash ﬂow issue there.  
 
Majid Ahmed: Got it sir. Uh secondly sir going forward sir as we doing lot of integraƟon and others, so do we expect 
the volaƟlity of margins won't be there or the margin volaƟlity that we saw especially EBITDA margins I think majorly 
I saw the big volaƟlity was in the gross margins, right? EBITDA margins I think your operaƟng expenses and 
employee cost was in balance. Uh but the concern I'm seeing is how are we looking to maintain the gross margins? 
Earlier it was around 42-43%. So, are we looking to sustain that going forward? I think or gross margin?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Gross margins yeah gross margin will deﬁnitely try to sustain the same with the 40-45%, but EBITDA 
margin I think 25 to 26% is fair enough for us to project as of now because whatever the price enhancement we are 
geƫng for, we are able to get the beƩer prices from the some of the other market also. So, in FY27 will deﬁnitely 
match the 25 to 27% EBITDA margin.  
 
Majid Ahmed: Got it sir. Uh sir this H1 do we expect a posiƟve cash ﬂow, posiƟve operaƟng cash ﬂow to be?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah, yeah deﬁnitely. We are working on that and we are able to get it done before end of this 
ﬁnancial year.  
 
Majid Ahmed: Got it sir. Uh sir so the CAPEX you've said this year is for around 130 crores. This is what your CAPEX 
looks... 
 
Punit Rasadia: Yes, yes. That is for the expansion new CAPEX we are doing.  
 
Majid Ahmed: Uh yes sir, that's all from my end sir. Thank you, sir, thank you for the clarifying. Thank you so much.  
 
Punit Rasadia: Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. Just a quick reminder to everyone, if you have any quesƟon, please raise your hand using 
the reacƟon tab. Also, you can request the quesƟon in the quesƟon box. Next, we have with us Ms. Varsha 
Chandnani ma'am. Uh I would request you to unmute yourself and ask your quesƟon.  
 
Varsha Chandnani: Hi, uh can you hear me?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah, yeah.  
 
Varsha Chandnani: Yeah, uh thank you for the opportunity, sir. I just wanted to understand, so I'm clear when it 
comes to revenue and EBITDA margin for FY27 and 28, but since you'll be also taking debt into consideraƟon. Just 
wanted to understand, you know, what kind of PAT margin or what kind of PAT an investor would expect considering 
your interest and depreciaƟon cost as would go up. Thank you.  
 
Punit Rasadia: No debt what we are taking, that is for our new CAPEX, right?  

 
Varsha Chandnani: Okay. No, so I just wanted to understand what's the PAT or PAT margin expected for FY27?  
 
Punit Rasadia: That is somewhere around I think 12 to 13%.  
 
Varsha Chandnani: And for FY28 sir?  
 
Punit Rasadia: I think that would be remain the same around 11 to 13%, 12-13%.  
 
Varsha Chandnani: Okay. Uh sir considering, you know, increase in margin that you're expecƟng, uh is this 12 to 
13% of PAT margin specially for FY28 is that conservaƟve?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Right now, it is on the conservaƟve side because see we are going for the new expansion. If due to 
some any statutory approval if it is delayed by one or two months, then these ﬁgure and projecƟon may be changed. 
So, we are just giving it on the conservaƟve side 12 to 13%.  
 
Varsha Chandnani: Okay, so 12 to 13% for FY27 and 28, right?  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yes, yes.  
 
Varsha Chandnani: All right. Thank you so much.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. Just a quick reminder to everyone, if you have any quesƟon, please raise your hand using 
the reacƟon tab. Also, one would request their quesƟons in the quesƟon box. Next, we have with us Mr. Viraj Shah. 
Sir, I would like to you to unmute yourself and ask your quesƟon.  
 
Viraj Shah: Am I audible?  
 
Moderator: Yes, you're audible, sir.  
 
Viraj Shah: Yes, so I just wanted to ask that what kind of interest are we bearing on this 70 crores debt? The interest 
cost, 8%, 10%?  
 
Punit Rasadia: It will be somewhere around 8.5 to 8.6%.  
 
Viraj Shah: 8.5. Okay sir. And second quesƟon is that on a standalone basis the Anlon sales declined to 30 CR from 
33 CR. So, any comments on this? How we should look at this? The console numbers were good.  
 
Punit Rasadia: That ﬁgures that amount means standalone revenue ﬁgures will be improved in H1. So, as I 
menƟoned earlier that depends on the selecƟon of the product what we are doing on the campaign basis along 
with the regular products. So, the Ɵme cycle for the producƟon if it is more than 30-45 days, that's why it will be 
not reﬂecƟng in the ﬁgures of Q1. So, in H1 will deﬁnitely get the exact picture and it will be in line with the or 
maybe beƩer than the quarter on quarter or year on year basis.  
 
Viraj Shah: Okay, so sir last quesƟon is that what is the what is the standalone Anlon numbers that you predict for 
FY27? The top line.  
 
Punit Rasadia: It would be similar one because we are already running on the peak level. So around 180.  
 
Viraj Shah: 180 CR. Okay sir. Thank you.  
 

Moderator: Thank you. Next, we have with us Mr. Paras Chheda having the follow-up quesƟon. I would now like to 
you to unmute yourself and ask the quesƟon.  
 
Paras Chheda: Thank you, sir, just once again. Sir, I wanted to know what will be what are the trade receivables as 
on, you know, end of July if we have the number? And, you know, what receivable receivable days do we expect by 
the end of FY27 and we were expecƟng cash ﬂow from operaƟons to turn posiƟve for FY27 eventually, so what do 
you expect on that now in light of the new circumstances?  
 
Punit Rasadia: So, you want to Paras Ji, you would like to know the trade receivable for FY27?  
 
Paras Chheda: No, no. Trade receivables as on 30th July.  
 
Punit Rasadia: 30th July, see I am not having the ﬁgures with me for the 30th July the exact trade receivable, but 
you can do one thing you can send the exact query to Parth and I'll just get the exact data from our ﬁnance team 
and I'll forward it to you.  
 
Paras Chheda: Sure, sir. And working your expected working capital and receivable days by the end of FY27 and do 
we expect the cash ﬂows to turn posiƟve now?  
 
Punit Rasadia: See generally it will be in line with the 170 to 180 days only, because see the normally that pharma 
industry, it works like that only. Because we are not in the FMCG or any other segment like category. So, working 
capital that days will be reduced to some of the 60-70 days because in our case the generally you can check with 
the any the peer industry or same kind of API manufacturing, the nominal 150-160 days it will be there.  
 
Paras Chheda: Okay so your trade receivable days would be sir, I mean any reducƟon on that?  
 
Punit Rasadia: See I menƟoned even in previous meeƟngs also, because generally the payment receivable as per 
the terms is 90 days, but we are able to get the payment somewhere around 130 to 135 days.  
 
Paras Chheda: Even with the any of the any rated standard companies from India also. So, my quesƟon was sir that, 
you know, whether we'll be cash ﬂow posiƟve for FY27 because, you know, in order to reach to say 700 crores of 
revenue for next year, we will almost need basis 180 days about 350 crores of working capital. So, by next year most 
likely we may need another fundraise or so is in my understanding, sir, what would be your expectaƟon?  
 
Punit Rasadia: See, we are because see generally now we have changed some of our working or the payment terms 
with the customer, we are strict on the payment and we are not working directly with the customer who is not 
making the payment on Ɵme. So that eﬀect will come in the deﬁnitely in FY27 result and we have some of the 
products in which the beƩer proﬁtability is already there. So, we are expecƟng that any means with the best of our 
eﬀorts will at least do it with some lower but posiƟve case operaƟng cash ﬂow.  
 
Paras Chheda: Understood understood, sir. Fair enough. I'll mail, you know, and get some data from Parth as well. 
Thank you so much, sir.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further quesƟon, we would now like the management to give the closing 
remark.  
 
Punit Rasadia: Yeah, thank you everyone. Thanks for the joining the Q1 FY27 earnings call of the Anlon Healthcare 
Limited and I would like to have some of the more queries. In case you have you can contact to the Parth and he'll 
forward to me and we'll happy to give you the revert on that.  
 

Moderator: Thank you for joining Anlon Healthcare Limited Q1 conference call hosted by ConﬁdeLeap Partners. 
ParƟcipants now may sign oﬀ. Thank you. 
