Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
Date: 10 August 2026 
To, 
Corporate Relationship Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5" Floor, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-400 001 
Mumbai-400 051 
Scrip Code: BSE - 530549/ Stock Symbol: NSE – SHILPAMED 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
Sub: Transcript of the Q1FY27 Conference call 
In furtherance to our intimation dated 29 July 2026 with regard to the Q1FY27 Conference call held on 
Wednesday, 05 August 2026, at 16.00 hrs., please find enclosed transcript of the call. 
This is for your information. 
Thanking you.  
For Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Ritu Tiwary 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Ritu 
Tiwary
Digitally signed 
by Ritu Tiwary 
Date: 2026.08.10 
15:47:43 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Q1 FY27 Results Conference Call” 
August 05, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
    
 
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KESHAV BHUTADA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SHILPA PHARMA LIFE 
SCIENCES 
 
MR. ALPESH DALAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SHILPA MEDICARE LIMITED 
 
MR. MONISH SHAH – HEAD, STRATEGY AND INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – SHILPA MEDICARE LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Shilpa Medicare Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Monish Shah from Shilpa Medicare. Thank you, and over 
to you, Mr. Monish. 
Monish Shah: 
Yes. Thank you, Avirat, and a very warm welcome to everyone on our first quarter FY27 results 
call. Today from the management, we have with us Mr. Keshav Bhutada, Executive Director 
and CEO of Shilpa Pharma Life Sciences; and Mr. Alpesh Dalal, our CFO. The financial results 
and the presentations are uploaded on the stock exchange, and the transcript along with the audio 
will be available on our website and also on the stock exchanges. 
 
Please note, today's discussion might include certain forward-looking statements based on 
current expectations and assumptions. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties 
that could cause actual results to differ materially. The company undertakes no obligation to 
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. 
 
With that, I would like to hand the call over to Mr. Keshav for his opening remarks. Thank you, 
and over to you. 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Thank you, Monish. Good evening, everyone. I want to start not with this quarter's numbers. We 
will get to those, and they are the best in our history. But with simple question, what kind of 
company is Shilpa Medicare becoming? Three years ago, the honest answer was a solid hard-
working API business, carrying a lot of debt. Our net debt-to-EBITDA was 6.7x and our ROCE 
was in single digit. Today, we have net debt to EBITDA of 1.3x, a ROCE of double digit, a 
credit rating just upgraded to AA- and portfolio that no longer makes ingredients. It develops 
first-in-class drugs, partners with global innovators and manufactures some of the most complex 
molecules. 
 
As I have mentioned previously, I would like to reiterate on operational leverage. Still, our big 
bets in biologics, CDMO, novel drug delivery, NBE are under monetization. As those plants fill 
up, we are confident of incremental revenue and better margins. In simple terms, the reinvesting 
is largely behind us. The harvesting is ahead of us. Let me walk you through our quarter 1 
performance division-wise. My overall commentary will be divided into 3 segments: API 
division, Formulation division and Biologics division. 
 
In API division, we remain largely focused on CDMO, peptides and oncology as a portfolio, and 
we continue to invest our resources in it. On capex side, we are doing large capital investment 
in peptide manufacturing capacity in India, which will have capability of manufacturing from 
start to end in solid-phase synthesis and block will complete commissioning by end of FY27. 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
On the CDMO side, we have 3 NCE programs in advanced phases, which will get 
commercialized in FY28. 
 
We remain on track to complete 15 new oncology product validations on the generic side in 
FY27. In total, we are working on 25-plus NCE programs in our API division, in which many 
of the programs are in early stage Phase I, Phase II and 3 programs in late stage. Overall, the 
API business is likely to have steady growth in FY27. 
 
Now I'll start briefing about the Formulation division. Our first NCE molecule, Nor-
Ursodeoxycholic acid, which was approved last year in India, is performing as expected, and we 
are seeing some very good early clinical outcomes in patients in the end market. And we have 
strong visibility of orders for FY27.  
Nor-UDCA as a product, we are also taking it globally. And in global market, we have 
successfully completed European and U.S. scientific advisers, and we will be starting global 
Phase II clinical studies in FY27. Three commercial 505(b)(2)s, which were approved last year, 
are performing well as expected, and the sales are growing quarter-on-quarter. 
 
Three important near-term filings, which are Abraxane, Enzalutamide and Abiraterone 
formulation, are on track to be launched in FY28. Rotigotine transdermal patch, which is one of 
the complex transdermal patches, has already received approval in Europe for the product. The 
same product has been successfully filed in the U.S., and we have already partnered with one of 
a very strong company in the U.S., and we remain on track for launch in FY28. 
 
OLC opportunity with Unicycive Therapeutics, where we are their CDMO partner for API and 
Formulation. The innovator is working very closely with USFDA on the recent CRL received, 
and we are working closely with our partner for next steps. Apart from the above, we have a 
very strong, complex pipeline for which product-wise status is already given in the investor 
presentation, and I request all the investors to go through it. Overall, given existing and new 
pipeline launches, there is a strong likelihood of robust growth possibility in Formulation. 
 
Now I'll start briefing about Biologics division. Our second biosimilar product, Aflibercept, has 
had its clinical studies successfully completed, and we remain on track for launch in India market 
in FY27. For the said product, we have already partnered with 3 of the best Indian companies, 
who have decent market share in the ophthalmic industry in India. 
 
Our first European partnering of Nivolumab with Orion Corporation gives us further assurance 
on commercialization of our biosimilar pipeline globally. For the Nivolumab product, the India 
clinical study has already started, and we remain confident for launching this product in FY28 
in India. On the other biosimilar pipeline, we have more than 5 biosimilars for which details and 
status are already given in the investor presentation. 
 
On the large molecules CDMO side of the business, Shilpa Biologics has very unique 
capabilities of manufacturing any product from clone development to Fill & Finish. And with 
this capability, we today have more than 6 active NCE programs, already working with various 
partners. One of these programs will be entering human clinical studies in FY27 through our 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
partner. Two NBE programs where we have done strategic investments, the programs with 
mAbTree and Alveolus Bio, are on track to enter human studies in FY27. 
 
Our first ADC biosimilar is also on track for entering human studies in FY27. Today, Shilpa 
Biologics is one of the very few integrated ADC manufacturing companies in India. On new 
biological entity, which is recombinant human albumin, as mentioned previously, we are 
confident of starting human clinical studies in the current year, and we remain on track for filing 
in the next year in India. So let me come back to where I started. 
 
The transformation is already on scorecard in the delivering, in rerating upgrade, in returns, in a 
record quarter driven by every part of business returns. We, as a company, have done the hard, 
patient work of building and are now positioned to convert it into higher growth and margins. 
We have built it to last. We have built it to compound. And we would like to thank all our 
investors for trusting us and staying alongside us always. 
 
Thank you. And I now hand over the call to Alpesh Dalal for talking on financials. 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Thanks, Keshav, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to our Q1 FY27 results call -- financial 
performance for the quarter. I'm really pleased to announce that we have delivered our highest-
ever quarterly revenue and EBITDA for the fourth successive quarter, with our quarterly revenue 
at INR469 crores, reflecting a growth of 43% year-on-year, backed by healthy gross margin of 
71% for the quarter. And EBITDA for the quarter was INR139 crores, growing at 42% with an 
EBITDA margin of 30%. 
 
During the quarter, our operating PBT, which is before share of profit from JVs and associates 
and for exceptional items was INR92 crores against INR50 crores in the same quarter last year, 
whereas our reported PBT stood at INR98 crores, growing at 98% year-on-year. During the 
quarter, we had a negative tax rate on account of reversal of the deferred tax liability for Shilpa 
Medicare, as the company is planning to switch to the new regime on account of a lower tax 
incidence under the new regime. Reported PAT for the quarter was INR101 crores, growing at 
115% year-on-year. Going forward, we expect the tax rate to normalize at around 25% for the 
coming quarters. 
 
On the capex front, we have spent about INR114 crores in the first quarter, and the capex is 
primarily funded through our internal accruals and deployed across our different businesses. The 
improved performance and positive operating leverage that we have witnessed has helped us in 
improving our return ratios during the past 2 years with ROCE improving to 12.5% from 8.8% 
in FY25. And adjusted for the biologics and NBE businesses, the ROCE actually stood at 18.3% 
because these businesses are still at early stages and have a lot of revenue generation 
opportunities left. 
 
With all the key verticals showing strong revenue momentum, coupled with a pipeline of 
finished launches, we remain confident of improving our operating leverage, driven by an 
improved business mix, resulting in higher ROCE in the coming years. And before moving to 
the segmental highlights, I would like to reiterate, that our company has received a credit rating 
category upgrade from A+ to AA-. This reflects a significant improvement in our operations and 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
financial performance over the past few years. Besides this, I'm also happy to announce that the 
company has been certified as a Great Place to Work, a recognition that reflects our culture, trust 
and commitment towards healthy work environment. 
 
Now let me walk you through the segmental performance. Our API business clocked a revenue 
of INR260 crores for the quarter, growing at 15% year-on-year. And our non-captive third-party 
API sales also witnessed ~15% growth year-on-year. The growth was on account of improved 
offtake of our -- of key products from newly expanded capacities, coupled with strong captive 
demand coming from our FDF -- finished formulation vertical. Even the specialty CDMO within 
the API division witnessed a strong traction driven by new client acquisition in developed 
markets. 
 
The Formulation revenue for the quarter was at INR198 crores, growing over 100% year-on-
year. And ex licensing income, the base business reported robust revenue growth of 
approximately 112% during the quarter, largely driven by complex FDA portfolio in U.S. region, 
supported by EU and ROW regions. Moving to the Biologics segment. Our Biologics segment 
reported revenue of INR52 crores, growing at 42% year-on-year. This strong growth was driven 
by continued deal momentum towards licensing and partnership and CDMO businesses. 
 
With that, I would like to request the moderator to open the line for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Sajal Kapoor from Antifragile Thinking. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Amazing execution team. Congratulations for that. Just 2 questions. First is, as our existing 
investments start monetizing, and we can see that in the numbers, what would make you say we 
have enough capability for now and prioritize sweating existing assets over building the new 
one? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes, Sajal, thanks for your question. See, I think most important point here, if you see our 
historical capex run rate, we have invested heavily in Biologics. We have invested heavily in 
Formulations. And those investments for us could translate into sizable revenue because there 
the capacity utilization, is very less today. So we have room for decent capacity utilization there. 
 
Coming to API, where we have high capacity utilization, that is where we are already doing 
additional capital -- capex investment, where we feel that there is a lot of room for additional 
capital investment and additional growth. That is -- the mix of these 2 is something which makes 
us more confident to tell that we have enough capital already deployed for upcoming growth. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Yes. That's helpful. And the -- given that we have a diverse set of capabilities, including 
biologics, including peptides and including CDMO, what is becoming cheaper or faster to 
develop because all these capabilities now exist in the ecosystem and we can leverage them in 
combination. So what I'm trying to understand here is, are we getting a sense that 1 plus 1 is 
greater than 2 now? 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Keshav Bhutada: 
I think to answer in simple words, Shilpa as a company, the way we are built is integration. If 
you see our API is integrated with Formulation or Biologics is integrated from clone to Fill & 
Finish. Same way our Albumin, we do from starting from clone development to Fill & Finish. I 
think today, what industry needs is the plant, the capabilities of one-stop solution, that is what 
we have. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurav Bhardwaj from Techsecfunda Investment Advisors. 
Gaurav Bhardwaj: 
First, congratulations for your stellar results for consecutive quarters. Sir, I have 2 questions. 
First question is, how do you see the company down the line in 2, 3 years in terms of profitability 
and ROCE? And sir, my second question is, as there are many developments going on in our 
company, sir, what barriers can come in to slow down our growth path. 
Alpesh Dalal: 
So as far as the growth momentum is concerned, as we have regularly been saying, we may not 
be able to provide guidance for the future. But as a general rule or the way we have been working 
at various aspects and the way we are developing our pipeline, we can visualize a very healthy 
and steady growth. 
 
As Keshav had mentioned in his speech also that we are looking at monetizing more and more 
of our investments that we have done in Biologics and niche kind of Formulation business as 
well. So those are high-margin, better profit yielding businesses. So they obviously are expected 
to generate significantly better returns as well.  
So whilst we may not be able to provide you a specific number, what we can see from here on 
is that the growth trajectory looks very robust, with a faster-growing trajectory on profitability, 
resulting in better ROCEs across the board. 
Gaurav Bhardwaj: 
Okay. That's very helpful. 
Alpesh Dalal: 
And to answer your second question, what could be the challenges that we could face or what 
could slow down our growth? Probably -- see, the thing is the regulatory pathway in 
pharmaceutical industry is a very critical aspect. Whilst we are working towards being very 
robust and compliant with our practices, once in a while, the way regulatory authorities look at 
us could be a bit different.  
And if some of those unexpected challenges come up, that might slow down the growth 
trajectory that we have. But general trend towards moving further on the growth trajectory will 
continue. It might slow down if some such regulatory challenge comes up. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Krisha Kansara from Molecule Ventures. 
Krisha Kansara: 
Firstly, many congratulations to the entire team on a very good set of numbers. On Nor-UDCA, 
I have 3 questions. First, post our launch in Q3 of FY26, we have seen 2 quarters of commercial 
revenue. And our domestic Formulation segment has contributed INR59 crores in these 2 
quarters. So how much of this INR59 crores came from Nor-UDCA? 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
 
Second, we have now completed the disease curability duration of 6 months, as you rightly 
mentioned in the previous con call. And you also highlighted in your opening remarks that the 
clinical data is positive. So could you please elaborate on this? And third, in the last month, 
Emcure Pharma, which is the marketing partner for Novo Nordisk's semaglutide, received 
CDSCO approval for an additional indication for the treatment of fatty liver. So what is the 
management's thought on this? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
I think product level, we don't give sales numbers. But as I mentioned, we have very strong order 
trajectory. I think that should give confidence to everyone on the product. Coming to the third 
question, I think, which is very important, the products like semaglutide or other products which 
people are doing for indications like non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.  
See, the mechanism of action of Nor-UDCA and that of any other product currently under study 
is completely different. Nor-UDCA directly targets the liver enzyme. That is the major 
advantage this product has against products like semaglutide, which has a different mechanism 
of action for liver fibrosis. 
Krisha Kansara: 
Okay. And what about the data, the 6 months curability data that you mentioned? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes. See, on the clinical data, if you read online, all the data of our product is already published. 
And we are already doing the Phase IV clinical study. Once that data is available, that also we 
will be publishing. I think that should suffice the requirement. 
Krisha Kansara: 
Yes. So this is on the Biologics team. So firstly, congratulations to Dr. Uday Harle on joining 
Shilpa Biologics. I would like the management to spend some time in highlighting the strategy 
of building a dedicated team in Biologics division. Last year, we were able to clock around 
INR150 crores in revenue. And now for us to scale this business from INR150 crores to, let's 
say, INR300 crores, INR400 crores, I assume we would need the right kind of talent to work 
with Dr. Uday and Mr. Madhav. So what is the team building strategy, specifically on the 
Biologics side? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
So Krisha, I think it's more of an operational question, which we can connect on later. But to 
give you an idea, we have a very strong team of different experience and wide experience. And 
not only the internal team, we are also engaging some very good consultants who have a very 
good understanding of U.S. and EU regulations. So I think a mix of that is something which will 
surely help us in our overall strategy, planning, and execution.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Doshi from Unifi Capital. 
Yash Doshi: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Regarding Nor-UDCA, if you look quarter-on-
quarter in Q1 FY27, your domestic revenue has dipped a bit. So -- what's the exact reason for 
it? Because I think we launched 6 months ago, ideally the product would scale up, but this is a 
small blip. 
Keshav Bhutada: 
If you see, I have again mentioned to everyone that this is not a product-level detail. So you are 
just seeing the total domestic sales, right? Nor-UDCA as a product, if you look at it historically 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
and quarter-on-quarter, some quarters see more stocking. Sometimes we manufacture more, and 
some quarters we manufacture less, based on demand and the delivery schedule. I think that's 
not the right way of seeing the product. Overall, the product is doing good. That's what I can tell 
you. 
Yash Doshi: 
Understood. And another question was regarding the API division, which grew at 16% and was 
led by your specialty CDMO. So I just wanted to check whether it was contributed more by the 
normal innovative CDMO portfolio or the polymer division? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Innovative CDMO. 
Yash Doshi: 
And just last question. This quarter, we onboarded 2 Japanese customers, right? I think it was 
late-stage projects. So can you talk about the background of the clients, whether it's a big pharma 
or biotech? And what can be the opportunity size? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes. I think I'll tell you more details on this in the upcoming call because we have some 
confidentiality on the program. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Upadhyay from SiMPL. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. 2 questions. If I look at ours -- and one thing I should 
appreciate is the kind of detail you put in your presentation, it's phenomenal. It gives a very good 
understanding of where we are going. 1 question on Slide 12, if we look at the API side. If we 
track over the last 4 quarters, the number of programs in specialty CDMO has increased 
significantly.  
Would it be right to say that the next leg of growth on the API side would be driven more by the 
CDMO part of the business scaling up from where we are today? Like should that be a right way 
to think about it? Or -- and how many projects do you think will start getting commercial sales 
in '27-'28? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes, your point is well taken. And yes, specialty CDMO will be a growth driver for us. Not only 
that, we also have other oncology pipeline and peptides. But yes, specialty CDMO will be one 
of the leading drivers for us in the API division. Number of programs and the details around 
that, we don't disclose. But to give you a fair idea, we have almost 3 late-stage programs, which 
will enter into commercialization next year. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Okay. And second question is a little longer. See, if you look at our company, from 2018 to 
2023, '24, we were in an investment phase in different segments -- Biosimilars, Albumin, and 
APIs. And we are now seeing the fruits of which over the last 2 years, and this should continue. 
Now when you are thinking about investments today and looking at next 3 to 5 years, how are 
you thinking about the future investments and which would be the segments where you are 
putting most of your energies? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes, Nikhil, I think the investments we have already made, if you look at the last 5 years, we 
have still not even finished the utilization of those. And we still feel that for at least the next 3 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
years, we don't need any significant capex in new investments such as Biologics or Albumin, 
where we have already invested a lot. So I think that will take care of our growth in these 
divisions for the years to come.  
And as I mentioned already, in the divisions where we feel capital is still required, like API and 
some new Formulation molecules, we are continuing that investment. But we don't foresee any 
significant capex today. That is what we want to inform all our investors. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Yes, that is one part of the capex. But on the R&D side, where are you putting most of your 
energy? Because on one side, we have our own specialty 505(b)(2) molecules and specialty 
molecules where we are doing clinical trials. And there is another part which is equally 
interesting, the Biologics CDMO and API CDMO, which is again a strong growth engine for 
the whole industry. So between these 2, how are you thinking about the R&D investment, as 
opposed to the capex investment? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
In the R&D investment, each division has their own R&D budget, which we will continue to do 
every year. How much in each division etc, is a lot of detail which we don't disclose. But to give 
you a fair idea, our investments in R&D continue on the pipeline, and we will continue to add 
several new products and also advance existing ones. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rakesh Mehta from Elite Bridge Capital. 
Rakesh Mehta: 
First of all, congratulations team for the fabulous set of numbers. I have 2 queries. One is that 
the Biologics business contributes just 11%, which is close to INR52 crores. What would be the 
growth trajectory going forward? This is one. Should I go for next question? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
The Biologics business, from a growth trajectory perspective, should witness significantly 
higher growth, purely because it's on a smaller base and a lot of the future lies on the Biologics 
side. Again, I would reiterate that we would not be in a position to provide exact numbers, the 
kind of growth and all because we don't provide that kind of a guidance. But the growth potential 
of Biologics is significantly higher, especially because it's a new area and it's on a lower base. 
And also the industry is moving more towards Biologics. So it provides that additional growth 
opportunity. 
Rakesh Mehta: 
Okay. And what would be the contribution from the India and outside-India businesses, in case 
you are thinking about Biologics? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
See, in Biologics, a large portion of our CDMO and other work that we are getting is from 
outside India. In India, we do have our own pipeline, and that will also take shape. But a larger 
portion is expected to come from international markets. 
Rakesh Mehta: 
Okay. Second query is the current EBITDA is around 29%. First of all, how sustainable is it? 
And what would be the trajectory going forward in case if you can throw some light? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
So, this EBITDA margin -- in fact, only a couple of, 2, 3 quarters back, I had mentioned that this 
is obviously on a slightly better side, and we might see some change happening there. But we 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
have been consistently able to maintain that around 30% levels. So there is consistent 
performance showing that we are in that particular range. At this stage, I wouldn't want to raise 
expectations too high. We would like to be conservative and overdeliver. So we would expect 
margins to remain in a similar range. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Sharma, an Individual Investor. 
Deepak Sharma: 
Congratulations to the management for the excellent performance. My question is, CDMO has 
been one of the major growth factors for the company. So how do the management see CDMO 
journey in the next 3 years? And second question is from Unicycive drug. What is the next step? 
And what are the timelines for this drug? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes, Deepak, as you rightly mentioned, CDMO remains a very focused business for us as a 
company. And if you look even in India today, there are not many companies that have the 
capability of doing small molecules, large molecules, API, payloads, linkers, conjugation, 
ADCs, and Mabs, right? 
So the way our company is built, we have very strong integrated capabilities. So usually, we get 
customers who want one-stop solutions. So we remain very confident and positive that CDMO 
as a business will continue to grow. 
 
And already, many of the programs we are working on are still in an early stage; some are in 
Phase I, right? As and when the programs advance -- suppose, of more than 25 programs, even 
10 go commercial -- we can see a sizable CDMO business. 
 
And the second question was on the Unicycive part. See, on the Unicycive part, because it's a 
partner program, it's already there in the public domain. They have mentioned that they will be 
-- they have received the CRL letter from USFDA, and they plan to refile in Q3. I think that's 
the update which we also have in the public domain. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tushar Bohra from MK Ventures. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Congratulations to the management for a good set of numbers. There have already been a lot of 
questions on CDMO, but maybe just a couple more on the same theme. Just looking at your 
presentation, the slide highlighting CDMO capabilities vis-a-vis peers, right? When we talk of 
Indian CDMOs, most of these are materially larger than Shilpa's CDMO business today, and 
also have several years of both capacity and capability investments, right? 
 
So I just want to understand, while we are benchmarking favourably against these companies 
today, do you think we have similar ambitions and the wherewithal to get to, let's say -- typically, 
most of these companies comfortably have revenue upwards of INR800 crores to INR1,000 
crores. So do we feel that is the kind of scale-up that is possible for Shilpa, or will we need 
specific investments into either capacity or capability building to really achieve the full 
potential? 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
 
And second, when we talk of CDMO, we are still talking API CDMO, but we have a separate 
Biologics CDMO division as well. And we have CMO activity in Formulations and specific 
niches like ADCs and peptides. So how are you approaching the entire business development 
part of CDMO? Are you approaching it as one single division across a range of capabilities, or 
does each division have its own funnel for building the business? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Tushar, I think we have never said as a company that we are only API -- we are also promoting, 
and I mentioned in my opening speech as well that we already have several CDMO programs in 
Biologics as well. Coming to the size, yes, we feel it is a sizable business. How much the value 
will be in future, we don't want to disclose.  
But to give you a fair idea, today, across the overall Shilpa Group, we have only one product 
that is commercial on the CDMO side. We have more than 25 such NCE programs in various 
stages of development. I think as and when these molecules advance, you will see the growth 
trajectory accordingly. 
 
And coming to the business development side, we have, in each respective division, respective 
people who promote and secure projects for us. I think that will continue, and we have a decent 
budget allocated for each division. 
Tushar Bohra: 
And on the initiatives that you mentioned on the NCE programs, what are the ramp-up 
possibilities you're expecting over the next 3 years? How many of these -- you mentioned 3 late-
stage programs, I think -- will potentially mature over the next 3 years? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
It depends on our partner, because these programs are not run by us, right? But I think today, as 
on today, what visibility we have for next year, we have 3 NCE programs, which will enter 
commercial phase. 
Tushar Bohra: 
And just one last on the same theme. In a lot of these CDMO contracts, we've struck very 
interesting arrangements, right, where we've invested in these smaller biotechs and smaller 
companies. So possibly, there's an angle of a profit share, or a component that is over and above 
the supply contract. So is it fair to assume that the outcome for Shilpa, in this case, would be 
materially higher than what a normal CDMO would realize from these programs, if some of 
them do work? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes, you are right. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumit Gupta from Antique Stock Broking. Sorry to interrupt 
Mr. Gupta, we are not able to hear you. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Congrats on a great set of results. Sir, regarding the gross margin --  first, what is driving the 
gross margin? And second, with respect to 1Q last year, the gross margin was around 75%. 
However, I think it was largely due to higher licensing income from particular partner. So 
excluding that, what would the gross margin have been last year? 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Keshav Bhutada: 
So Sumit, I think we don't disclose product-level margins. But to give you a fair idea on the 
gross margin, the kind of product sales we will have this year, and the upcoming launches which 
I mentioned in my speech, are all complex products. Rotigotine transdermal patch, for example, 
is a very complex product with very few generic players in the market. Abraxane is again a very 
complex product. 
 
We have such complex products, which will be launched every year, and also our existing 
pipeline, like Nor-UDCA, which is an NCE product. We have 505(b)(2)s, which are again very 
different products with no generics. I think all of this is driving our gross margins. And for the 
percentage and all the details, I think you can connect with Monish later for more detail. 
Alpesh Dalal: 
And just to give you some idea about the slight dip that we have seen in the gross profit margin, 
that also has to do with the recent political situation globally -- raw material prices have gone 
up, which ends up impacting margins, at least for the time being. So that has been one of the 
reasons for the slight dip you have seen on the gross margin front. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Understood, sir. So excluding that, when things normalize, what would the gross margin be? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
It's difficult to quantify, because there are times when only a part of it can be passed on to the 
customer, not the full amount. So it changes the entire equation, depending on where we stand 
at a point in time. 
Sumit Gupta: 
But you are able to pass on partially? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Partially, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nishant from Grodun. 
Nishant: 
My question is related to the new tax regime which we have adopted under Section 200A. In the 
erstwhile Income Tax Act, there was a provision that allowed us to claim a deduction with 
respect to research and development -- a scientific research and development deduction, to the 
extent of 100%, even on capital goods.  
So why have we forgone that and adopted the new regime, given that we are also in the research 
and development segment? Is there perhaps a separate new unit, or have we incorporated an 
entity in research and development and are following that 15% tax rate? 
 
And the second point is the U.S. notification regarding generic drug. Since -- I have seen that 
INR45 crores worth of goods is being exported from Shilpa to the U.S. So there is a notification 
that they will be charging a tariff at the rate of 100%. So are we planning to acquire any unit in 
the U.S. so that we can counter the tariff rate? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Yes. So on the first question, around the new regime -- as you rightly pointed out, this 100% 
benefit, the tax benefit, is available for R&D capex. We already have our fully functional R&D 
units across our divisions. So we are not expecting any significant R&D-related capex coming 
up. Whatever our capex is around revenue, our R&D spend anyway gets fully charged to the 
P&L, so we get the tax benefit there. What we lose out on, by not moving into the new regime, 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
is the accumulated MAT credit we have in Shilpa Medicare, which we would have to forgo if 
we don't move into the new regime.  
Nishant: 
I think further additional depreciation will also be forgone in plant and machinery. 
Alpesh Dalal: 
No, there is no additional depreciation, but it is something that only becomes a timing difference, 
and nothing more than that. So even the capex-related R&D depreciation that you get is a timing 
difference. But the difference in the tax rate is significant. It changes by roughly 9.75% or so, so 
that swing is big. Also, we are able to utilize the MAT credit to the extent of 25% of the tax. So 
the effective tax rate comes down by another 6% to 6.5%. 
Nishant: 
So, as you stated, 25.17% is being reduced by the MAT credit to the extent of 25%, which comes 
out to around 19%, and further, from what you have stated, there is no further capex. So all the 
development will be met with existing capacity through additional production, right? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Yes. So, as I said, there are certain investments that happen, but they are not significant enough 
for us to forgo the tax benefit that we get here. 
Nishant: 
The second question was related to the U.S. tariff threat. So how will we counter that? Because 
INR45 crores is the turnover we are getting from the U.S., right? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
No, you see, historically too, on the product side, what we sell in the U.S., right? We are not 
selling any me-too generics. All our products are complex products, which have some kind of 
differentiation, okay? So for us, materially, it doesn't have a very big impact. That said, in 
evaluating U.S. manufacturing facilities and next steps, I think the entire industry in India is still 
monitoring how the Trump administration will behave on that, and what the terms and conditions 
will be. I think once we have more clarity on that, it will be the right time to move on the next 
steps. And to give you a very clear picture, Shilpa, as a company, is not selling any me-too 
generics in the U.S. All are complex. 
Nishant: 
No, it's not about the generic. It's about the strategy -- because in one situation, they impose a 
tariff threat on one export category from India under generics, and then, in the future, they may 
impose a tariff on all medicines. So it's about how we can strategize around that, and what your 
company's point of view is. Congratulations for the number. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anubhav Goel from Cosma Ventures. 
Anubhav Goel: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers, very broad-based. Sir, just one question. Sir, on the 
strategy of taking stakes in companies to provide CDMO services, could you elaborate on our 
thought process? What is driving this? Can we expect many more like this in the future? Is this 
something we have to do at this stage to grow this business? And just where can this figure go 
to in terms of overall spend? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
So Anubhav, that's a completely different, confidential strategy on our side. I think we are not 
inclined to disclose any more details on this. But I can tell you this is a very unique strategy 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
which we have. And we would share more details, if needed, if the size of such deals increases 
in the future. 
Anubhav Goel: 
But sir, fair enough. Sir, is it fair to say we can expect more deals like this? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes, it depends on the kind of programs we get, right? So we don't invest in just any -- we get 
many programs where investment opportunities arise. But we, as a company, are very selective. 
It should fall within our therapy area, and it should fall within our corporate strategy -- only then 
do we take interest. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akhilesh Pathak from Smart Sync Services. 
Akhilesh Pathak: 
Congratulations on great set of numbers that you have. I see an 11x improvement in the U.S., 
but there is a considerable downturn in Europe numbers, from around INR77 crores to INR57 
crores. What would be the reason, and how do we plan to recapture that trajectory in Europe? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
No, I think if you look at Shilpa as a company, the way we sell products in the end market -- 
these are mainly tendered products. So in the Europe business, we don't see any dip. It's just that 
there is a variation in quarter-on-quarter supplies. Some quarters we have more supplies, some 
quarters we have less. So that's the only reason. There is no other reason. The performance of 
the Europe business -- the product, the end market -- is really doing well for us. 
Akhilesh Pathak: 
Okay. Great. I have another question on the capacity utilization of the various plants we have in 
Bangalore, Jadcherla, and Dharwad. What kind of capacity utilization do we have currently? 
Because there was a comment that they are underutilized relative to the gross block we have 
incurred. 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes. I think for that, you can connect with Monish, our IR Head. I think he will be able to give 
you segmental utilization details. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amish Kanani from Knowise Investment Managers. 
Amish Kanani: 
Sir, congrats on a really good set of numbers, in a quarter where gross margins were dipping but 
we still maintained our operating margins. So operating leverage is really kicking in. And also 
congrats on our credit rating upgrade, sir. Sir, part of my question was about the capitalization 
that was asked by the previous participant -- maybe I'll take it offline with Monish. 
 
But sir, if you can give us some sense, we do disclose ROCE ex the new businesses. So you can 
approximate the amount of gross block or capital employed that we are allocating to these 2 new 
divisions, which are also not being fully utilized. So if you can give us some flavour there of 
what the asset turnover should be, say, and maybe an EBITDA margin or gross margin level? Is 
it in line with company blended margins? If you can give us some sense? And whether it should 
be in FY28 or FY29 -- some flavour would be helpful for us to model, sir. 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes, I think there's one thing I want to convey to all our investors -- to answer this question, I'll 
answer it a bit differently. As a company, if you see, we have a pipeline in Formulation, in 
Biologics, in the new biological entity Albumin, and in the API business, which everyone is 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
obviously aware of. But if you see, in Biosimilars itself, you can see in our investor presentation 
that we have several biosimilars as well as ADC programs. 
 
If you see, today we have only partnered for 1 Biosimilar in Europe to date. We have 8 such 
molecules for which we still have to do the partnering. We have to take the product to market, 
and then the commercial revenues will come. So you can imagine the delta in ROCE that this 
asset can generate. Similarly, on the Albumin front, where we have already invested over the 
last several years, we have finished the preclinical studies.  
We have finished Phase I studies. We are starting Phase III study globally. And for this already, 
we have partnered in end market like Europe, which is one of the largest market for Albumin. 
So you can imagine the kind of commercial ROCE that this asset can generate. I think with this, 
I will leave the point open, because for segment-wise ROCE details, as I mentioned previously, 
you can connect with Monish, and he can explain further. 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Yes, I can just add that, from being ROCE-negative about 1 to 1.5 years back, these divisions 
have become ROCE-positive, albeit at a lower level, because of the higher asset base they have. 
But as Keshav was mentioning, the potential to improve the ROCE over there is significant. And 
I had, of course, mentioned the blended ROCE in my opening speech, as well as the adjusted 
ROCE. So that can also give you some flavour as to what kind of delta could be there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ajay from Niveshaay. 
Ajay: 
Sir, I wanted to understand the economics of the licensing and service income line. So, over the 
last couple of years, we have been witnessing a good chunk of our revenue from that side. So I 
wanted to understand what sort of margin it carries. And does it flow straight through to the 
PBT, or are other development costs already expensed against it? And if you can split this 
licensing or service income between the Formulation and API CDMO parts, that would be 
helpful. 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Yes, so we probably would not be in a position to provide segregated numbers for those. But 
this licensing income that we generate -- it's not that there are no spends or expenditure behind 
it. We have obviously developed the products, and spends have been made at a particular point 
in time. Revenue may not necessarily come in during the same period the spends were made, 
because we develop the products and initially incur the spends -- R&D spends -- up to a 
particular level. And only then do we end up getting some licensing revenue out of it. 
 
But these are continuous developments, so at any point in time, we have various programs that 
are under development. And some of them would end up generating licensing income in the 
future, the way current licensing-income-related spends were made in the past. –Its not the case 
that every program we work on is successful.  
There are also some failures that we have to budget for, and that goes straight to our P&L as a 
hit. So, for some of these reasons, it's difficult to quantify and segregate the margin profile. But 
obviously, what we receive as licensing fees is significantly higher than the spend we incur. 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Ajay: 
And sir, how should one look at this -- would the majority of it be recurring revenue, or would 
it be a one-time income, for example, when a product like Unicycive, for which we are doing a 
CDMO product, goes commercial? So I wanted to understand how one should look at this part 
of the revenue. Is it more of a recurring revenue, or a one-time... 
Alpesh Dalal: 
The point here is that our business is a B2B. So we are in the business of developing these 
products and the portfolio, and we license them out. We don't really have an in-market presence 
of our own. So, in that light, the more portfolio development we keep doing, the more licensing 
opportunity we will keep getting, because that's our fundamental business model, right? CDMO 
is a separate kind of business altogether, and it should not be mixed up with licensing revenue 
at all. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Surendra Khemka from AVS Equity LLP. 
Surendra Khemka: 
Any adverse effect of the U.S. Biosecurity Act, vis-a-vis India and China, on our production or 
selling of formulations? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
No, because the Biosecurity Act is mainly aimed at China, and that too, I think, is all there in 
the public domain. But I think these are matters that are more policy-related decisions, which 
happen at a regulatory level. I think we will not be able to comment further on that. But as of 
date, we don't see any major impact of this act on us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nidhi Kumari from Narnolia Financial Services. 
Nidhi Kumari: 
I have 2 questions. First, on NBE -- is there a revenue opportunity for Shilpa, if you could 
broadly answer? Also, as a product case, what percentage of the innovator's product revenue 
does Shilpa technically earn through API supply? Second, on Nor-UDCA, could you share the 
revenue mix this quarter between product revenue and licensing income? Within product 
revenue, what was the contribution from Shilpa's own channel versus partner supply? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Okay, on the second question, I think Keshav has already specified that we will not be able to 
provide product-level detail. And on the overall potential of the API business, I think the API 
business has been with us for a few decades now. It is a business that we have been growing, 
and I don't think there is any specific cap on how far the API business can grow. It is just a 
function of creating capacity, making our supplies, and growing our portfolio. 
Nidhi Kumari: 
Actually, that was the API revenue opportunity -- I was asking about the NBE program. 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Okay, no -- product-specific or project-specific details, we will not be able to provide, Nidhi. 
You'll have to pardon us for that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line Tirumala Reddy, an Individual Investor. 
Tirumala Reddy: 
On the CDMO business, is it possible for you to say how many customers we are handling now? 
Just to understand how diversified our customer base is. 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes, overall across the Shilpa Group, we have more than 20 customers on the CDMO side alone.  

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Tirumala Reddy: 
Okay, and the second part is on Adalimumab. We have received USFDA approval, so what is 
the commercial outlook for this product? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes, Adalimumab as a product is doing well. Today, we have a decent market share in India 
because the partner selling our product has very good reach in the arthritis space. So the product, 
as a case, is doing well, but it's not a very big opportunity. That was our first product.  
So the way we partnered here was just to give the market a fair idea that Shilpa has the capability 
of developing and getting approval for Biosimilars, of which Adalimumab was one such product. 
You will then see, going forward, how our pipeline has been designed toward more complex 
products like Aflibercept and Nivolumab, which are more complex than Adalimumab. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Doshi from Unifi Capital. 
Yash Doshi: 
Just one question. Regarding our 505(b)(2) ramp-up for the 2 products, I just wanted to 
understand -- in the coming quarters, will the ramp-up be more for those products? And what is 
the penetration level in the U.S. market? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes, I think we don't give product-level details. But what I can tell you is that, given the kind of 
product Shilpa has and its complexity, it isn't the case that simply developing a 505(b)(2) 
guarantees you market share. It's also about the kind of product advantages it has over generic 
products, and so on. That's what we understand very well in the market, and our product is 
developed accordingly. So yes, it has a very good and sustainable opportunity. That's what I can 
tell you. 
Yash Doshi: 
And just last question. Regarding our complex FDA products, which we expect to launch around 
'28, '29, like Xtandi and 2 other products, will these be a first-wave launch or a second-wave 
launch? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Every product is different. If you look at Rotigotine, for example, as a transdermal patch product, 
what we are doing is more of a first-wave generic launch. But if you look at products like 
Abraxane, there are already generic players, but very few, and the product is very complex and 
features in almost every tender. So it's a mix of both.  
But more important is that we select only products which, from the day we are in the market, 
will give us sustainable growth in the upcoming years. We will never do a product that sells for 
1 or 6 months and then suddenly sees sales drop by 90%, 95% on pricing. Such products Shilpa 
will never do. 
Moderator: 
The last question for today is from the line of Ajay from Niveshaay. 
Ajay: 
So I wanted to understand, on the oncology API segment, we have 15 new oncology API 
products which we are targeting. And also, there is new capex that we are undertaking. So I 
wanted to understand the growth trajectory on the API front. And on the Formulation part, what 
portion of our Formulation requirement is sourced internally? How much of our Formulation 
business is captively run through our API business? 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Keshav Bhutada: 
Yes, for your first question, on the oncology API and the kind of growth trajectory we will have 
-- that will all depend on how the molecules translate at our end-customer line. But we have very 
strong, promising opportunities in many of these products. It's just that the timeline, and the way 
it will commoditize, is something we will have to monitor.  
But for each of these products, given the kind of investments we have made, there is already an 
end customer interested in buying -- only then do we invest in the product. So we already have 
that kind of visibility. Coming to the second question, on Formulations -- how much is captive, 
yes. So in Formulation, the overall captive percentage, if I tell you, is more than 50%. 
Ajay: 
Got it. And sir, given how, currently in the U.S. market or globally, biotechnology and 
biosimilars have again started to pick up, and our Biologics revenue is also now scaling up, at 
around INR50 crores this quarter, having done INR150 crores last year. So I just wanted to know 
your thoughts, given we also have a good number of products in the pipeline.  
So, going forward, would the strategy be more about doing a CDMO kind of business here, or 
out-licensing the product and getting milestone income from it? So I wanted to understand the 
strategy on this front, and also your thoughts on how we are looking at this business going 
forward. 
Keshav Bhutada: 
In the Biosimilar side, or our Biologics division, we have a mixed strategy. We have a short-
term, mid-term, and long-term strategy. In the short-to-mid term, we depend more on biosimilars 
as well as CDMO programs. Long term is more about strategic partnerships, such as those with 
Alveolus Bio and mAbTree Biologics, which are longer-term bets -- but once one product clicks, 
you have very good potential for many years. I think that's how our overall strategy is for 
Biologics. 
Ajay: 
Got it, and sir, one last question, if I can chip in. Sir, on the Orion deal, which we have for the 
European market -- I have been following the presentation lately, and on some of the products 
we have mentioned, there is a slight delay, which we have attributed to some issues, perhaps 
with the USFDA, and so on. But on this Orion deal particularly, I want to ask, internally, what 
launch year are we expecting for this? And on scale, or anything, would you like to comment on 
the peak revenue or the timing you foresee? 
Keshav Bhutada: 
We don't give any client- or product-specific detail. Further, if you have any query, you can 
connect with Monish; whatever is possible, he will be happy to answer. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for the day. And now I 
hand over the conference to Mr. Alpesh Dalal for closing comments. 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Yes, thanks a lot. Thank you for your time and your thoughtful questions. Each year, we remain 
committed to growing and scaling the company to new heights, and your continued interest and 
support mean a great deal to us. As has been repeated in our call as well, if you have any follow-
on questions, please reach out to our Investor Relations team. Thank you very much. 

 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Shilpa Medicare, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
