 
 
 
 
CC/S&B/AND/2026-27/368 
 
 
 
 
                   13.08.2026 
 
 
Madam / Sir, 
 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015  
Transcript of Analyst Meet 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A Part A of Schedule III to SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we submit the 
transcript of the Q1FY27 post results Analyst Meet held on 07.08.2026. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
   
                                                                                          
                    
                                                                                          
(Aruna N Dak) 
DGM (Compliance & Company Secretary)  
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Listing Department,   
BSE Limited,  
Phiroje Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
25th Floor, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001  
The Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, ‘G’ Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400051  
 
BSE SCRIP Code: 500112 
 
NSE SCRIP Code: SBIN 
ARUNA 
N DAK
Digitally signed 
by ARUNA N DAK 
Date: 2026.08.13 
18:51:22 +05'30'

 
 
 
Q1FY27 
ANALYST MEET 
TRANSCRIPT 
07.08.2026 
 
MANAGEMENT  
MR. C S SETTY 
CHAIRMAN, STATE BANK OF INDIA 
 
MR. ASHWINI KUMAR TEWARI 
MANAGING DIRECTOR (CORPORATE BANKING AND SUBSIDIARIES) 
 
MR. RANA ASHUTOSH KUMAR SINGH 
MANAGING DIRECTOR (INTERNATIONAL BANKING, GLOBAL MARKETS & 
TECHNOLOGY) 
 
MR. RAMA MOHAN RAO AMARA  
MANAGING DIRECTOR (RETAIL BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS) 
 
MR. RAVI RANJAN  
MANAGING DIRECTOR (RISK, COMPLIANCE AND STRESSED ASSETS 
RESOLUTION GROUP) 
 
MR. ANINDYA SUNDER PAUL 
DEPUTY MANAGING DIRECTOR (FINANCE) 
 
MR. A RAVI SHANKAR 
CHIEF GENERAL MANAGER (FINANCIAL CONTROL) 
 
MR. PAWAN KUMAR 
GENERAL MANAGER (PERFORMANCE, PLANNING & REVIEW) 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
2 
 
 
Mr. Pawan Kumar - General Manager (Performance, Planning and Review), 
State Bank of India 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Pawan Kumar, General Manager, 
Performance Planning and Review Department of the Bank. On behalf of the State 
Bank of India, I am delighted to welcome the analysts, investors, colleagues and 
everyone present here today on the occasion of the declaration of the Quarter 1 
FY27 results of the bank. I also extend a very warm welcome to all the people who 
are accessing the event through our live webcast. We have with us on the stage Shri 
C. S. Setty- Chairman, Shri Ashwini Kumar Tewari - Managing Director - Corporate 
Banking and Subsidiaries, Shri Rana Ashutosh Kumar Singh - Managing Director - 
International Banking, Global Markets and Technology, Shri Rama Mohan Rao 
Amara - Managing Director - Retail Business and Operations, Shri Ravi Ranjan - 
Managing Director - Risk Compliance and SARG, Shri A.S. Paul - Deputy Managing 
Director - Finance, Our Deputy Managing Directors heading various verticals and 
Managing Directors of our subsidiaries are seated in the front rows of this hall. We 
are also joined by Chief General Managers of different verticals, business groups, 
Chief General Managers and other senior officials of the circles and various offices 
are connected through our live webcast. 
To carry forward the proceedings, I request our Chairman Sir to give a summary of 
the Bank's Q1 FY27 performance and the strategic initiatives undertaken. We shall 
thereafter straight away go to the Q&A session. However, before I request Chairman 
Sir, I would like to read out the safe harbour statement. 
Certain statements in today's presentation may be forward-looking statements. 
These statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject 
to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual outcomes may differ materially 
from those included in these statements due to a variety of factors. Thank you. Now I 
would request Chairman Sir for his opening remarks. Chairman Sir, please. 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
Thank you, Pawan. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to 
all of you and thank you for joining us for today's analyst meet following the 
announcement of our financial results for the first quarter of FY27. 
We greatly value this interaction as it provides us with an opportunity to go beyond 
the reported numbers and discuss the strategic direction of the Bank, the operating 
environment and our priorities for sustaining growth over the medium and long term.  
The first quarter has unfolded against a global backdrop marked by geopolitical 
uncertainty, evolving trade dynamics and continued volatility across commodity and 
financial markets. Despite these external challenges, the Indian economy has 
continued to demonstrate remarkable resilience, supported by strong domestic 
demand, healthy investment activity, robust services growth and a well-capitalized 
banking system. Credit demand has remained healthy across key sectors, and we 
continue to see broad-based opportunities for sustainable growth.  

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
3 
 
As India's largest bank, our approach has always been to continuously evolve while 
balancing growth with resilience. As we continue to revisit and transform our internal 
operations, we have further simplified several customer-facing processes, including 
the launch of our digital re-KYC journey, which enables eligible customers to update 
their KYC seamlessly through a digital interface. 
We continue to strengthen the YONO ecosystem by introducing new digital customer 
journeys, including a seamless 3-in-1 onboarding process for savings, Demat and 
trading accounts. We also introduced YONO Ji, our agentic AI-powered virtual 
round-the-clock assistant on YONO Business and expanded WhatsApp banking for 
our current account customers. At the same time, we integrated our trade finance 
suite into YONO Business while adopting artificial intelligence in trade finance 
operations to improve turnaround time and customer experience. 
On the credit side, we launched MSME Dream, through which we extended our 
business rule engine to cover SME loans up to ₹10 crore from the earlier ₹5 crore, 
enabling faster credit decisions while maintaining underwriting discipline. In the 
agriculture segment, we expanded digital document execution across the nation for 
Kisan credit card and Agri Gold loans to further improve customer convenience.  
Technology is also strengthening our risk management framework through PRISM, 
our predictive stress monitoring platform. We are leveraging internal and external 
sources to identify early signs of stress in borrower accounts. This initiative also 
enhances our preparedness for the implementation of the proposed Expected Credit 
Loss framework. Collectively, these initiatives reflect our continued commitment to 
building a bank that is digitally enabled, operationally efficient and well positioned to 
deliver sustainable growth. 
Against this background, I am pleased to share that the Bank has delivered another 
strong quarter. Our net profit reached a record ₹21,121 crore, supported by healthy 
operating performance and disciplined cost management. Operating Profit grew by 
9.77% year-on-year, while our domestic Net Interest Margin remained resilient at 
3%, reinforcing our confidence in maintaining our guidance for the financial year. Our 
balance sheet continued to expand with the total business crossing ₹110 trillion, 
while deposits exceeded the ₹60 trillion mark and advances crossed the ₹50 trillion 
mark.   
Underpinned by our diversified business model, growth has remained broad-based 
across retail, agriculture, MSME and corporate segments, reflecting healthy demand. 
On the liability side, we have continued to maintain robust deposit growth in a highly 
competitive environment. Our CASA franchise remains one of the strongest in the 
industry, providing a stable and cost-effective funding base. Strengthening and 
leveraging our liability franchise remains one of our key strategic priorities as we 
continue to optimise the balance sheet. Equally encouraging has been the sustained 
improvement in asset quality. Gross and net NPA ratios have further improved and 
remained at their lowest level in over two decades. This is a reflection not only of a 
supportive operating environment but also of years of disciplined underwriting, 
stronger credit monitoring and improved collection mechanisms. Our robust 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
4 
 
Provision Coverage Ratio and strong capital position provide us with ample flexibility 
to support future growth while maintaining prudent risk standards. 
Digital transformation continues to be an important differentiator for the Bank. 
Customer adoption of the new YONO platform has been encouraging, with the digital 
acquisitions continuing to grow steadily. Increasing digital transactions, wider use of 
analytics and AI, and continued automation of internal processes are helping us 
improve productivity, enhance customer experience and optimise operating costs 
over the long term. 
Our subsidiaries have continued to perform well and remain important contributors to 
shareholder value. The successful listing of SBI Funds Management Limited marks 
another significant milestone in unlocking value within the SBI group, and we remain 
committed to supporting the long-term growth of each of our subsidiaries.  
Looking ahead, we will continue to focus on improving the quality of growth along 
with growth in volumes. We remain committed to maintaining a healthy balance 
between profitability, asset quality, capital efficiency and customer franchise. At the 
same time, we will continue to invest in technology, analytics and AI to ensure that 
SBI remains well- positioned to meet the evolving expectations of customers and the 
changing dynamics of the financial sector.  
As we progress towards our 75th anniversary in 2030, we are building an institution 
that is not only larger in scale but also stronger in capability, more agile in execution 
and better equipped to support India's growth aspirations. 
Before I conclude, I would like to thank all our stakeholders for their continued trust 
and confidence in the Bank. The performance we have delivered this quarter reflects 
the collective efforts of our employees, the enduring confidence of our customers 
and the continued support of our shareholders and investors. Thank you once again 
for joining us this evening. My colleagues and I will now be happy to take your 
questions.   
Mr. Pawan Kumar - General Manager (Performance, Planning and Review), 
State Bank of India 
Thank you, Chairman Sir. We now invite questions from the audience. For the 
benefit of all we request you to kindly mention your name and company before 
asking the questions. To accommodate all the questions, we request you to restrict 
your questions to a maximum of two at a time. Also kindly restrict your questions to 
the financial results only.  No question should be asked about specific accounts, 
please. In case you have additional questions, the same can be asked at the end. 
We now proceed with the Question & Answer session. 
Question and Answer Session: 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Ajcon Global 
Thank you. Good evening, sir. And of course, compliments to you all, sir, for the 
fantastic results. As far as the profitability goes, definitely I think the highest 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
5 
 
operating profit and the net profit the Bank ever had in a quarter, even surpassing 
that Q3 FY26, which was also a good quarter profitability-wise. So, it is one of the 
highest. 
Having said that, sir, as far as the business growth is concerned, while we have seen 
that in some of the other banks, this quarter has been excellent, exceeded the, 
whatever the expectations were there for the entire deposit, credit or entire business 
growth. In our case, if you look at the percentage terms, of course, this quarter has 
not been that good as compared to many of the other banks, though they are smaller 
in the size. So, our deposits grew only by 0.5%, advances by 0.32%, of course is 
good, but the overall business is 1.33%.  
Secondly, sir, there is an element in the other operating expenses which has gone 
down in the miscellaneous expenses, if you look, it has gone down by almost about 
₹3,600 crore in this quarter. Overall, the other operating expenses have gone down 
by almost about ₹5,800 or ₹6,000 crore, which has added to the profitability of this 
quarter. So, one of, I mean, I don't remember exactly in miscellaneous expenses 
what was there in the last quarter of ₹7,774 crore, which has now reduced to ₹4,108 
crore, if you can just give a little highlight on that. Other thing is, sir, I think after 
about many quarters, for the first time there is an uptick in the absolute numbers of 
the gross and net NPA in this quarter. And at the same time, the SMA numbers also, 
if you look at SMA 2, it is double than the last quarter and even overall SMA also 
have gone up little bit. Fresh slippages also have gone to ₹7,000 crore from ₹5,500 
crore. So, does it give any indications that there is some stress which is building up 
in the system on that and what do you see going forward in the coming quarters 
whether it will continue? Similarly, if you look at, the provisioning, of course, is a 
small number, but the provisions have gone up, other provisions have gone up to 
₹1,270 crore as compared to reversal of ₹366 crore in the last quarter. So, what is 
the reason for that?  
On the whole, a good quarter, but few items like as I said that in the miscellaneous 
income also as well as the expenses, miscellaneous income also has come down in 
this quarter by almost about ₹4,000 crore in the other income side. So, these are 
some of the pointers/questions, if you can answer.  
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
Thank you, Ajmera Saab. I think a few questions I will answer, and my colleagues 
will take over from there. Deposit growth has to be seen from the lens of the liquidity 
which is available to us and deposits have become an extremely competitive 
landscape and a lot of wholesale deposit rates have gone up which is not the rate 
which we are willing to pay. Our retail franchise has done extremely well. If you see 
our retail deposit, term deposit growth is 14%, continues to be 14%.  
And more notably, savings bank with a balance of ₹17.5 lakh crore base has grown 
by 10% and with the whole industry is actually struggling with CASA, probably we 
are an exception that we have posted CASA growth rate. And we also have very 
significant liquidity in our balance sheet. As on 30th June, we had an excess SLR of 
₹3.06 lakh crore. And as we speak, also contributed by the FCNR(B) flows, we have 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
6 
 
excess SLR of ₹4 lakh crore. So, which means that, we strongly believe, I mentioned 
earlier also that the bulk deposit is a treasury activity. So, the treasury will decide 
whether they need to access this bulk deposit or they can go to the market and 
borrow whatever is a more acceptable rate. I think we really got this balance right in 
Q1 and which is actually reflected in our cost of resources, overall cost what we paid 
for the resources and contributing to the NIM stability. An almost 7 basis point uptick 
has come mainly because of the cost of deposits going down. 
And on the gross and net NPA fresh slippages, I think we should not really be 
worried about this. Just to give you a number of fresh slippages, normally are higher 
in the Q1. If you see, I think you should compare from Q1 of the last year to this. And 
out of this ₹7,000 crore slippage is what we had, as we speak, we pulled back 
almost ₹1,450 or ₹1,500 crore. So, there is no concern in any of this gross net or 
SMA front. 
And on the miscellaneous expenses, if you have some data on that, you can 
respond.   
Mr. A.S. Paul – Deputy Managing Director, Finance, State Bank of India: 
So, in the miscellaneous expenses, apart from insurance expenses where we have 
clubbed the insurance expenses to miscellaneous expenses this time, if I see apart 
from insurance expenses, this quarter it is ₹2,385 crore as against ₹2,266 crore of 
Q1 of previous year. So, there is hardly any increase. And the insurance expenses 
as against ₹2,074 crore in Q1 last year, we have incurred ₹1,723 crore. 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Ajcon Global 
No, as compared to the last quarter. It was ₹1,774 crore. 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
No, do not compare with the quarter.  
Mr. A.S. Paul – Deputy Managing Director, Finance, State Bank of India: 
No, so what happens in Quarter 4, most of the expenses get carried over in the last 
quarter. So, the right way of comparison would be Quarter 1, year on year.  
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
While we also realise that the Q4 bump will always create this confusion, we have 
decided that some of the expenses, the bulk expenses we will amortise over three 
quarters starting with this quarter. So, then you will not see that uptick which 
happens in the expenses in the Q4.   
Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Ajcon Global 
Similarly, in the miscellaneous income side also, which is…  
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
7 
 
Miscellaneous income, again do not compare with the Q4. 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Ajcon Global 
As compared to ₹6,600 crore.    
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
In Q1 of the previous year. 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Ajcon Global 
Sir, in the whole year, the overall business gets expanded to 10-12%, the whole 
picture changes. So, some of these items are comparable with the last quarter. 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
Not necessarily. In our case, a lot of income is also booked in the Q4. So, I think, 
earlier also we mentioned that sequentially the numbers sometimes can be a little 
confusing, because either bulk expenses or bulk income is booked in. In fact, for 
example, in Q1, the whole locker rents are recovered in Q1 itself. But you do not see 
that number in Q4. So, there are variations in terms of what are those bulk income 
streams which are available in each quarter. And ideally, it should be the year-on-
year comparison.  
Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Ajcon Global 
You referred on that FCNR deposit. Overall, under all these three items, how much 
money have we already generated, and the leveraging, I mean, how much it added 
to our credit growth of this quarter?  
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
The credit growth is… 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Ajcon Global 
Because of FCNR, and…  
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
FCNR(B) will contribute credit growth to our foreign offices immediately. But it 
augments our deposits here. So, we have had almost $6 billion FCNR(B) deposit 
mobilized. And we also have done OFCB of $1 billion, and $300 million of ECBs. So, 
in all about $7.3 billion have been funded by mostly our foreign offices. So, the $6 
billion contributed predominantly to almost ₹45,000 crore in this latter part of July. I 
think only ₹7000-₹8000 crore was there in the June quarter.  
Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Ajcon Global 
All right. Thank you. 
 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
8 
 
Ms. Mahrukh Adajania – Tara Capital  
Hello, sir. Congratulations.  
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
Thank you.  
Ms. Mahrukh Adajania – Tara Capital  
Sir, I had a couple of questions. Firstly, your fee income has been very strong this 
quarter, and it has been strong for the last few quarters as well. And in this quarter, 
the government fees have also grown quarter on quarter, which is not usually the 
case in the first quarter. So, if you could, you know, give some outlook on fees on 
how sustainable this is going ahead. So that's my first question. And then I have a 
question on margins. So, if you could give any outlook on margins now, we did not 
give any outlook on margins in the fourth quarter. But now, because now there are a 
lot of moving parts, there is FCNR, and there is competition in some segments. So, if 
you could throw some colour on your outlook on margins, that will be helpful. And on 
FCNR, if you could clarify, the deployment will be in overseas loans only, is it? 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
No, the credit growth would be visible because leverage is provided by our foreign 
offices. And you're done? Or do you have some more questions?  
Ms. Mahrukh Adajania – Tara Capital  
These questions.  
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
The fee income broadly, I think, I believe, one of the positive developments in the 
last few quarters definitely have been on the fee income side. We still have a long 
way to go when compared to many banks, fee income as percentage of overall 
income, is still just about 15%. We have a potential to definitely go up to 20%. So, 
our focus on the fee income continues to be there. Whatever are the sub themes in 
that, whether it is loan processing charges, government business, CVE activities, I 
think every area is being focused on. But specifically on the government business, I 
think the ₹500 crore improvement, what you see is a combination of a bit of 
accounting treatment, because auditors always insisted that some of the cash 
management solutions that we provide to the government entities should be, the 
income should be booked on accrual basis, not on the actual basis. So, 50% came 
from that accounting treatment and the rest of the thing has come from the usual 
growth, particularly on the retail side. Anything else you want to add. 
Mr. Rama Mohan Rao Amara - Managing Director, Retail Business and 
Operations, State Bank of India: 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
9 
 
Yes, sir, you are right, sir. In fact, but for that adjustment, the growth would have 
been just around 29% year on year, which is like in a year it happens. But we have 
switched to accrual system now, so this is more robust. 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
What are the other things, Mahrukh?  
Ms. Mahrukh Adajania – Tara Capital  
Margin outlook. 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
Margin outlook, I still hold, I am not going to give you quarterly outlook. This is a full 
year outlook of 3%, which I mentioned right in the beginning of my speech. We are 
sticking to that. 
Mr. Manoj Alimchandani: 
 
My name is Manoj Alimchandani. Couple of observations, one is hats off to you on 
delivering everything you promised since the last quarter. An excellent value, over 
10%, just in a quarter, at that time we were around 920-930 and today 1100+. I 
would like to have your thoughts on a couple of very important issues. On the day 
you took over, you started building the blocks for value creation and then we won the 
award for the best global consumer bank. And we did the QIP also at a very good 
valuation. 
 
Now couple of thoughts, when we look at, your aspiration and the people 
management here, on being the most valuable bank in India, as far as listing price is 
concerned. And, the valuable group, when we consider the value of all our listed 
entities of the bank. How are we looking at that? From the day you took over, there 
was a big gap between the two banks, the leading private sector bank, everybody 
knows that and us, there was a big gap. Now apparently that gap, when do we 
become number one and most valuable bank in India on a sustainable basis? And, 
along with our subsidiaries and associate entities, hats off to you, we did the value 
unlocking of our mutual fund which will be coming in the current quarter, without that 
we have achieved such great numbers. And the value unlocking in NSE is yet to 
come, possibly in the third quarter.  
 
So the thought process you are having and all of us on how we look at being the 
number one bank in India, valuable bank and a valuable group as a BFSI entity. One 
is that. Second thing is your thought process on this today, credit growth of 18%, is 
that a one-off blip or we see a sustainable credit growth of 18% plus and being the 
leader in credit growth in the credit cycle ahead. Because apparently the worst is 
over on the geopolitical front and inflation front also, and very clear signals given by 
the Fed and the RBI. And, one other points besides would like to have your answer 
in detail.  
 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
10 
 
My congrats to all the AMC team and the people sitting here for the value unlocking 
and congrats to you for getting a CFO for the next 5 years. You promised that and 
you have delivered that, hats off to you. And CFO has also great experience in 
handling similar size and larger fundraising, just a few days back leading roadshows 
worldwide. So, looking forward to your answers. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Thank you, Manoj ji. I think the first statement what you made, I consider as a 
blessing than question, so I leave it there.  
 
The second question on the credit growth. I am not answering the first one because I 
thought that was more of an aspirational one. But if I really must answer that 
question, I would rather like to say that, just reiterate what I mentioned right in my 
speech that, we are building the bank for future. Whether that future rewards us in 
terms of market capitalization, creating value is the market perception about us. But 
our perception is that we would like to build a bank for 4 important stakeholders 
which I always mentioned, our employees, customers, shareholders, government 
and regulators together, the last piece. I think this is something what we consciously 
and every day, try that, how do you improve in terms of satisfying the expectations 
and aspirations of all four stakeholders. So maybe the outcome and the byproduct of 
that is improved market capitalization, we would be happy to realize that.  
 
As far as your credit growth question is concerned, I think 18% credit growth must be 
seen from the base effect. I think Q1 of the previous year has been a muted quarter 
and this is not only for SBI, the whole banking system, had muted credit growth in 
Q1 of previous year. So that is the reason we have given guidance which is 
anchored on the nominal GDP expectations of the bank. We believe that maybe the 
nominal GDP would be around 12% to 12.5% and SBI has always grown 2% to 3% 
more than that. That is the reason I have given the credit growth guidance of 14% to 
15%. Which means that 18% in my view seems to be a little difficult proposition. Our 
own internal estimate for the industry is 15% to 16%. So, if any economic activity 
actually gets primed more than what we see now, probably we may go to that 16% 
level. But our broader guidance is on the 14% to 15%. 
 
On the CFO front, I hope this 5-year term what you have spoken about will stand 
good and we are happy to welcome Mr. Agrawal to this forum. Thank you. 
 
Mr. Manoj Alimchandani: 
 
Thanks. One more observation. I think you have got two more years to go. What I 
would like you to aspire, you did one great QIP at a great price. I know Mr. OP Bhatt, 
Arundhati and everybody used to mention about fundraising and you really did it. 
Before you go, always strike, in Market Cap principle is when you get a good 
valuation, go for it. Now I think the time is yet to come. I think we may go up to 1200-
1500 but before you retire, that would be a great time to hit the record and do the 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
11 
 
capital adequacy for the next leg of growth. I hope that aspiration will be on your 
corporate planning team. Wish you all the best for that. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Let’s hope. But I must also acknowledge because as I mentioned, we consider this 
interaction more of an educative one. I remember, I think 2-3 quarters later when I 
took over, many of you mentioned that please remove a line that the capital may be 
raised and the ratios may be seen from that angle, you said that either you drop this 
line or raise the capital. So, thank you for that advice and we were able to overcome 
that issue of QIP overhang. 
 
Mr. Sushil Choksey – Indus Equity: 
 
Sir, may I? Sir, Team SBI, congratulations on your excellent performance and good 
luck for the year. I think you are going to beat everyone on the street.  
 
Sir, first question is aspiration of India, aspiration of SBI and growth of India is far 
dependable on what SBI does in the new emerging businesses which you have 
formed a vertical, others are lagging behind or they are waiting for data from you. Sir, 
looking at those aspirational 8-9 divisions starting from Data Center, GPU, hydrogen, 
and solar, is required for all of them, CapEx cycle needs almost ₹30 lakh crore in 
next 4 years. Part of it will be funded by global players, part will be India. To meet 
those requirements, how are we gearing up to meet those industry needs and 
because this will be all large giants. I am not counting Amazon, Microsoft or those 
hyperscalers asking for debt from you, But the domestic partners and domestic 
companies which are emerging, which may be not visible to the street today, they 
may be less than a billion dollars of capital, but I understand you have sanctioned 
few and you are assessing few. So, I need a little guidance on that aspect because 
SBI's future would be far brighter than most of them because most of the other 
bankers are doing RAM. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Ashwini, you can take this. I will supplement after Ashwini's response. 
 
Mr. Ashwini Kumar Tewari - Managing Director - Corporate Banking and 
Subsidiaries, State Bank of India: 
 
So, you are right. One is this center of excellence which has come up as you pointed 
out, and it is developing deep expertise in all these sectors. Our teams used to do 
that already, but this is fully focused on this only. So, these are still early days. They 
have assessed a few and they have updated the risk models which our teams used 
to do by having deeper engagement with the industry players. So, we are having 
some pipeline there, but even in the Merger and Acquisition space, which is again a 
newly opened space for us, we are seeing very good traction for us because 
everybody is consulting us and we have a lot of opportunity which we see there, 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
12 
 
including some in this space as well. So, it is like turning out some new segments, 
new classes of customers which we earlier were not able to handle.  
 
For example, software companies never borrowed from us, but now they are. Under 
this, if they want to acquire companies there, they are borrowing from us as well. So, 
I think there are a lot of opportunities which are available and yes, we will set those 
benchmarks and everybody else is welcome, we will share the knowledge as it 
stands. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
One of the constraints, as you pointed out, would be that, how do we fund this 
requirement? Where is this capital pool coming from? I think this brings me to my 
favorite narrative that the shift in household savings which has happened and this 
kind of growth of ₹30 lakh crore cannot be funded by the banks alone. One is of 
course how many banks really will be getting into funding this capital expenditure, 
the other thing is that capability of the banks to fund this capital expenditure. So, the 
overall structure of funding must change. 
 
As I mentioned earlier, if the household savings are going to pension funds, mutual 
funds, insurance companies, they all have to contribute to this capital expenditure in 
some form or the other. So, what are those structures which will emerge?  
 
Number two, many of us have a kind of illiquid asset portfolio in our books. Take 
home loans for instance, I mentioned earlier also, again I am reiterating. The overall 
system has got ₹30 lakh crore or even more home loans…. 
 
Mr. Anindya Sunder Paul – DMD (Finance), State Bank of India: 
 
₹34 lakh crore. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
₹34 lakh crore home loan portfolios, which is absolutely illiquid. So, whether we can 
bring a securitisation structure. But if securitization structures come unless this non-
bank participation is there, this is not going to really work. So, I think we are 
consciously working as a market leader to bring those structures and help this 
funding capability in the system to grow. 
 
Mr. Sushil Choksey – Indus Equity: 
 
Sir, you rightly answered my next question. But if you are considering hydrogen, 
solar, connectivity, now REITs and InvIT funding, domestic M&A plus global M&A 
and ₹82 lakh crore of mutual fund size today as of June, keeping a combination and 
CD ratio at 82% today, the bank's capital requirement at SBI may be met. There may 
be opportunities for SBI Caps and yourself to underwrite and down-sell to many 
banks because they are depending on whether SBI writes, I will write the proposal. 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
13 
 
So, keeping all those aspects in mind, I see far better prospects for SBI in next 4-5 
years, specifically for these sectors, compared to what others are thinking right now. 
And there may be overhanging one other's sword on other bankers of Merger and 
Acquisitions, between themselves, Maybe SBI lines up with one or two. So, what 
happens to the nation and what happens to SBI, that's why I am asking this. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
No, in some manner you are right. I think there is a greater opportunity emerging. 
What is required apart from the capital which we have spoken about is the capability. 
This is what Mr. Tewari has mentioned in terms of our Centre of Excellence, 
CHAKRA initiative so that at least a dedicated team of people who understand the 
emerging industries, not only opportunities, and the risk associated with funding 
them. You mentioned that if SBI underwrites, others will participate. SBI itself has to 
develop that confidence and capability which we are investing now in our people 
through this CHAKRA initiative. I believe I am sure I agree with you in terms of the 
emerging opportunity in these areas and how do we position SBI, to be the premier 
bank in that, we will consciously have working on it. 
 
Mr. Sushil Choksey – Indus Equity: 
 
Sir, and the main contributor is that we have given a tax holiday till 2047 along with 
Malaysia on the…. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
On the Data Centers. 
 
Mr. Sushil Choksey – Indus Equity: 
 
Yes, on the Data Centers. Thank you and thank you for answering and good luck for 
the years.  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Thank you. 
 
Mr. Kunal Shah -CITI 
 
Good evening, sir. Kunal from Citi. So, couple of questions, firstly on the overall loan 
book. So, if we look at it compared to the other banks, we have seen almost like a 
flat growth on the corporate side and growth has primarily come from SME, retail and 
Agri on a sequential basis. So, one is maybe, did we actually transition to this MCLR 
pricing which you were indicating last time from T-Bill to MCLR and that would have 
taken the rates up and we have seen some run down or competition out there. Was 
that the reason or maybe we will see the uptick on the corporate side going forward 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
14 
 
because overall, at the industry level, still corporate growth is quite strong. Now it 
has outpaced the overall system growth. 
 
Secondly, within the loan book when you look at it, even Xpress Credit, maybe the 
sequential traction is not strong, it is still like 8 odd %. So, anything to read into it, we 
were expecting to take it into double digit over a period. So how is the traction out 
there on the PL side. 
 
Then getting on to margins. So, in terms of the entire MCLR transitioning on the 
corporate, is it largely done during the quarter and is that reflected in the yield 
improvement which is there? And bulk deposits, if you can just give the proportion. 
What is the proportion of the bulk deposits today and maybe as of June and how 
much it was last quarter? And any interest on IT refund if it was there within the 
margins during the quarter. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
So, on the corporate side, we did mention that there has been a significant growth on 
the T-bill- linked pricing. So, what we see on the corporate side is a combination of 
moving a part of that portfolio to MCLR and obviously in the process somebody who 
is not willing to pay MCLR have looked for alternatives. But largely the T-bill pricing 
itself is renegotiated in many cases, improving the yield. This still is a work in 
progress, it is not full transition, it has not happened. But there is a general 
awareness both in our teams as well as among the customers that what is our 
pricing expectation. So, the growth probably would be based on these expectations 
only. 
 
There have been some instances where obviously people have moved, which you 
see sequentially our growth rate has been lower. But we used to have a strong dip 
sequentially every year and that dip is much less than what it used to be earlier. So, I 
think it should be seen from that angle. Maybe others are growing but we have a 
fairly large book, our base, 33% of our book is corporate book. I don't think anybody 
in the system has such a large book. Even if they grow, in percentage terms, it looks 
bigger. But we have good visibility, I would ask Ashwini to respond further on the 
corporate book. 
 
But coming to our Xpress Credit, we are seeing a good amount of sourcing and good 
amount of disbursements in the current quarter and also the quarter which we just 
finished. But it is not going into double-digit territory because of the gold loans. We 
have seen that many of the normal Xpress Credit customers are opting to take gold 
loan. Obviously, there is an interest rate arbitrage, almost 3%. So, somewhere this 
gold loan juggernaut will slow down, and some momentum will happen in Xpress 
Credit. But we have an opportunistic growth in terms of gold loan, and we are doing 
it on a full-fledged basis, both on the personal gold loan and Agricultural gold loan. 
So, no worries about that.  
 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
15 
 
MCLR transition as I mentioned is a work in progress. We don't disclose on the bulk 
deposit proportion. So, I think we will stick to that because this number is a treasury 
activity and every time you guys get worked up, bulk deposit going up, bulk deposit 
going down and your financing models and your excel sheets, all will go for a toss. 
So, I would rather stick to that.  
 
Mr. Kunal Shah -CITI 
 
Cost of deposits have improved. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
I will not go into the bulk deposit aspect. But one thing I would definitely say that the 
proportion is significantly coming down and broadly will be helped by the FCNR(B) 
flows. If we have ₹1 lakh crore flows of FCNR(B) which we expect to have, I think to 
that extent predominantly it will be reducing our bulk proportion. 
 
Mr. Kunal Shah -CITI 
 
Entirely? because there would be some leverage also. So, in terms of this ₹1 lakh 
crore we heard that you mentioned $10 billion of FCNR. What do you expect the 
leverage from our own balance sheet which will be there on the current….? 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
It is currently fully on our balance sheet. 
 
Mr. Kunal Shah -CITI 
 
Entire? 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Leverage is entirely on our balance sheet as of now at Overseas offices. 
 
Mr. Kunal Shah -CITI 
 
No, what is the quantum? So, like $6 billion also which we raised till date, it's like 
entirely leveraged. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
I mean, we don't want to comment on the yields and the leverage which we are 
providing. I can tell you that all leverage mostly is provided by our own foreign 
offices.  
 
Mr. Kunal Shah -CITI 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
16 
 
 
Got it. And Interest on IT refund?  
 
Mr. Anindya Sunder Paul – DMD (Finance), State Bank of India: 
 
₹220 crore is what we have, interest on IT. 
 
Mr. Kunal Shah -CITI 
 
Compared to ₹1,000 crore last quarter? 
 
Mr. Anindya Sunder Paul – DMD (Finance), State Bank of India: 
 
So last year, first quarter we did not have any, but in quarter 4 we had ₹1,002 crore. 
 
Mr. Kunal Shah -CITI 
 
Okay, thanks. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
You want to add something on the corporate side? 
 
Mr. Ashwini Kumar Tewari - Managing Director (Corporate Banking and 
Subsidiaries), State Bank of India: 
 
No, nothing much. The pipeline is very strong. Overall, if you include the undisbursed 
term loans, unutilized working capital and pipeline, it exceeds ₹9 lakh crore. So, 
there is a strong pipeline for corporate credit and as I explained, the M&A is a very 
good opportunity we are seeing, very strong interest. 
 
Mr. Kunal -Analyst: 
 
Thanks. Thanks, and all the best. 
 
Mr. Jai Mundhra – ICICI Securities 
 
Sir, a couple of questions here. First on FCNR(B), so there are two legs, right? First, 
it will reduce the bulk deposit, so it should be helping in overall cost of deposit or cost 
of fund, but the overseas book that also sees an increase by the equivalent leverage 
amount, there the spread should be very minimal, right? So, what is the net impact of 
FCNR(B) on the margins? Would it be margin dilutive or would it still be margin 
positive for the bank? 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
17 
 
I will respond on the domestic side and overseas Ashutosh will respond. Domestic, I 
don't see any significant negative or positive impact because, as I mentioned to 
Kunal, that we don't have a significant proportion of bulk. So, even if it is ₹1 lakh 
crore and a ₹60 lakh crore deposit base, it is not really going to move the needle. 
 
On the overseas side, Ashutosh, you can respond.  
 
Mr. Rana Ashutosh Kumar Singh - Managing Director (International Banking, 
Global Markets and Technology), State Bank of India: 
 
Thank you, sir. So, overseas side, we don't see any major NIM impact on our 
overseas book because we have a large trade finance book there, you know what is 
the NIM in a trade finance business and note that one-third of the book was trade 
finance. So, we will have some maybe re-alignment in the portfolio of the foreign 
offices, but net-net, there will not be NIM impact on the overseas offices. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
So, what foreign offices are doing is that, you know, if they are funding FCNR(B) by 
providing leverage, they are reducing on trade finance. The margins are equivalent 
or sometimes margin on supply chain is much lower than what they are getting on 
the FCNR(B). So, overall, I don't think there is any impact either on the whole bank 
NIM or domestic NIM. 
 
Mr. Jai Mundhra – ICICI Securities 
 
Sure. Secondly, sir, on gold loan. So, what is your outstanding gold loan on Agri side 
and what is the yield that you charge on gold loan both on retail and Agri? 
 
Mr. Rama Mohan Rao Amara - Managing Director (Retail Business and 
Operations), State Bank of India: 
 
So, our personal gold loans is of the order of ₹1.25 trillion and Agri gold loans is of 
the order of ₹1.85 trillion. So, both put together, we crossed ₹3.1 trillion as of 30th 
June.  
 
Mr. Jai Mundhra – ICICI Securities 
 
And the yield, sir? 
 
Mr. Rama Mohan Rao Amara - Managing Director (Retail Business and 
Operations), State Bank of India: 
 
Typically, they are in the range of 8.5 to 8.9 %. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
18 
 
And the personal gold loan is slightly higher and Agri probably is lower. 
 
Mr. Jai Mundhra – ICICI Securities 
 
Sir, actually, this is an observation. You are growing retail gold loan at 100 % almost, 
right? And this is one product where there is no competition from large private banks. 
There are small players, regional players which are reasonably active and their 
yields are 10 to 11 %, if not higher. This is the only product where you are growing at 
100% almost. Industry is also growing at 100% and the entire growth is contributed 
by PSU banks, right. And there is no competition. And the yields that you are 
charging is actually much lower than comparable private peers. Is there a scope to 
increase the yield here or you think this is, you know, this will remain like this?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
No, we will definitely be looking at, you know, I think we have enhanced the yield on 
gold loan over the period. But you also must understand, what is the ticket size of 
this gold loan. the lower the ticket size, you have a better option of pricing it better. 
People are willing to pay in a lower ticket size, but we don't want to get into that 
lower ticket size. Our average ticket size is almost ₹ 2.5-3 lakhs. 
 
Mr. Rama Mohan Rao Amara - Managing Director (Retail Business and 
Operations), State Bank of India: 
 
Yes, sir, 2.5 lakhs.  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
And our loan to value is less than 55-56%. So, with this matrix, generally the people 
who come to us are basically coming for the price. So, there is not large scope to 
increase rates, we will never be moving to double digit territory there. And I also 
believe that this gold loan growth needs to be seen from an opportunistic point of 
view. This is not our core portfolio. So today the growth opportunity is there and 
there is no capital allocation, the risk weight is virtually zero. So, from that angle it is 
ROE-accretive, with small compromise on the margins and is a safe portfolio. 
 
Mr. Jai Mundhra – ICICI Securities 
 
Sir, and lastly, on personal loan side, right, so RBI data suggests that banking 
industry is growing at around 10-11% personal loan. Same is the case with SBI and 
let's say large private. But if I look at other lenders, right, NBFCs, they are growing at 
20-25% on the personal loan side. Maybe they are targeting self-employed sector, 
self-employed segment. And it looks like, you know, banks are shying away from that 
segment.  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
19 
 
 
So, one of the reasons, I don't know whether I mentioned with you, is that the deeper 
penetration of a product is not there. For example, you take our Xpress Credit, 99% 
of the borrowers are salaried customers. And if you want to go to a self-employed 
and professional category, even if they are good quality customers, you need to 
have a strong collection mechanism. I think the differentiator between mainstream 
banks and NBFCs is the collection mechanism. So, we also realized that we need to 
increase the depth of each of our product, whether it is home loan or personal loan 
or many other products, even MSME for instance, that collection intensive segments 
are not tapped by us, despite having pricing power. So, we have, for the first time, 
embarked on creating a full-fledged collection vertical. Is our CGM collection here? 
Yes. So, Hemant is our Head of Collection Vertical. He will be driving the full-scale 
collection mechanism. We are building from scratch. Because virtually, in a bank like 
SBI ,for Xpress Credit, let me tell you, 75-76% of the recoveries happen by way of 
moving funds from savings bank account to loan account. That is not collection. 
Correct? So, you need to have a very strong collection mechanism to take these 
products to self-employed and professional categories where our yield improvement 
will happen. But before we get into that segment, we want to ensure that our 
collection mechanism is strong, robust, and field staff is available to us. We are 
creating Feet on Street across the country. Almost 6,000 is our estimated number, 
which we will be deploying as Feet on Street through SBOSS, our subsidiary. And 
we are extensively using our analytical and AI capabilities to develop the models and 
combine Feet on Street, branch network, and contact center to create an ecosystem 
of collection. And that would help me to go into the product range under discussion. 
While we have the product, we must deepen that. 
 
Mr. Jai Mundhra – ICICI Securities 
 
So, is that a one-year target?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
This is 1 year. All other elements are in place, except that we need to get Feet on 
Street because they are qualified people. We do not want to have any reputational 
risk. We have to train them well; we have to bring the DNA of SBI in their activities.  
 
Mr. Jai Mundhra – ICICI Securities 
 
And lastly, sir, if you can answer the pension provisions, I mean on a full year basis, 
are we passing that hump wherein the pension provision should start declining 
irrespective of interest rate cycle depending on the employees who are on the 
defined contribution, defined benefit proportion?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
20 
 
It is happening. I think the pension is a combination of what contribution we are 
making to the regular contributions which we are required to make. That seems to be 
on a declining trend. But the real impact will be post 2035 because, NPS was 
introduced in 2010. So, till that time, it will be an incremental decrease. But I think 
significant decrease will come post 2035. But we also are getting benefit of actuarial 
assessments and many other things. I think that is reducing the pension. You want to 
add anything Anindya on this?  
 
Mr. Anindya Sunder Paul – DMD (Finance), State Bank of India: 
 
Sir, MTM gains on pension and gratuity fund, if I compare, this quarter was ₹935 
crore, Q1 of last year was ₹1125 crore. So, every quarter, the actuary come and 
revalue it. And depending upon the yields and other factors, revaluation is made.  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Yeah, in terms of cost, I think significant reduction you will see in a couple of, maybe 
three, four years later.  
 
Mr. Param Subramanian– Investec: 
 
Hi sir, Param here from Investec. Sir, firstly congrats on the quarter. So, first 
question on the ECL, a number of your public sector peers have given out numbers 
on broad impact on a run rate credit cost as well as the one-time net-worth hit. So, if 
you can call out something, if you have done an assessment on that. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
If you are looking at a number, I am not giving any number at this moment for two 
reasons. One is, of course, I did promise that in Q1 results, we would be able to give 
some number. It took longer than what we expected in terms of pushing the whole 
data into our IT systems. My team tells me that 18th August, probably they would be 
pushing all the models and data into the IT system. The correct way of doing it is that 
probably when we meet again in Q2, we will give you the numbers. But one 
assurance I can give you, it will not have any major impact for two reasons. 
 
One is that we will have some capital augmentation because of the mutual fund and 
hopefully on the other major divestment which we are planning. And we also intend 
to take the regulatory dispensation of transitioning, which means that annual impact 
would be less on the capital adequacy.  
 
Mr. Param Subramanian– Investec: 
 
Okay. Sir, on the run rate credit cost, there will be a bump up. Most banks are talking 
about it. I want to ask you conceptually, since you are the lender who sets the prices 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
21 
 
in the market, will this be passed on to the customer, say if it is 10 basis points, 12 
basis points, will this be passed on to the consumer because logically most of your 
loans are EBLR plus risk and if the cost of risk is going up because of ECL, will that 
be passed through in a lending rate as well?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
At this juncture, it is hypothetical because first of all, we do not know what could be 
the run rate, because much of the stock will be absorbed on the 1st of April 2027 and 
all of us are looking at strengthening our collection mechanisms. Again, I forgot to 
mention that ECL is also one of the compulsions, why we need to strengthen our 
collections. Our roll-forwards from any of these SMAs are very limited into NPAs. 
Stage 1 and 2 hardly become stage 3 for us but we still have floor rates to handle on 
SMA 1 and 2, which probably would have some run rate impact. We do not currently 
envisage any major impact which forces us to pass on a cost to the customers. We 
should be able to absorb those costs. Unless there is a credit cycle movement, if 
credit cycle moves adversely and those costs go beyond certain level, it may happen 
but I think, I do not foresee in the first year, I think everyone will be fine tuning their 
models, watching how to improve the positions instead of looking to immediately 
pass on the cost.  
 
Mr. Param Subramanian– Investec: 
 
Any numbers on SMA 1 and 2 at a bank level regardless of ticket size?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
At this juncture?  
 
Mr. Param Subramanian– Investec: 
 
Ya. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
We have never disclosed those numbers. They are very dynamic.  
 
Mr. Param Subramanian– Investec: 
 
Ok. Sir, question on the FCNR, you mentioned a number about $10 billion. We have 
already done more than half of that, and we have seen that generally the FCNR 
flows based on the last episode. It tends to be back-ended. Why are we talking about 
a number that appears low from where we are or how are we approaching the 
problem in the sense that, should we be going out to get as much as we can get or 
are we setting ourselves a target that we want to achieve so much?  
 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
22 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
We do not have any target in mind honestly, but I also do not think that it will be as 
much back-ended as what we have seen in 2013. Most of the back-ending in 2013 
happened because the leverage confusion was there and most of the public sector 
banks adopted leverage in the later part. For SBI, 70% of our deposits were raised in 
the last period, in the last cycle. But this time, there is no confusion on leverage. 
There is no confusion on whether you can give SBLC or not SBLC. So, flows seem 
to be more spread out. Some movement definitely will be there. Last mile, some 
people may come. So, our estimate is based on the inquiries, visibility and customer 
outreach, what we are doing. We may exceed also I am not very sure, but it appears 
that $10 billion seems to be a reasonable number. 
 
Mr. Param Subramanian– Investec: 
 
So, one last question. I think this was asked earlier. There was a ₹1,269 crore other 
provisions in this quarter. Is that a prudential provision that was made in this quarter?  
 
Mr. Anindya Sunder Paul – DMD (Finance), State Bank of India: 
 
So, the ₹1,269 crore mostly consist of the PLI provisions.  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
See, the PLI provision may be back-ended last year but we decided to spread out 
four quarters this year.  
 
Mr. Param Subramanian– Investec: 
 
Okay. Thank you so much. Congrats once again.  
 
Mr. Pritesh Bumb– DAM Capital: 
 
Hi sir! Pritesh from DAM Capital. Sir, two questions. One is on the corporate yield 
side. Once we see a significant flow of FCNR, the liquidity will obviously go up. How 
do you see yields after September especially on the corporate side? You mentioned 
about bulk deposit as well. So, both side of the leg, how do you see that? And the 
second question is, there is one slide which you have mentioned that a lot of 
incremental loans are being generated through analytical leads from AI. What does 
that mean in that sense? What are analytical leads? And ₹22,000 crore raised in 
retail is largely Xpress Credit or any other production?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
All types of loans. See, we use AI models. We have been using it for quite some 
time. This is not new. And these analytical leads based on our data analytics across 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
23 
 
the product segments are given to our operating people. It could be home loan. It 
could be Xpress Credit, even gold loan. In some cases, analytical leads are 
generated in gold loans also, for the gold loan purpose and MSME loans. So, all 
kinds of spectrum of loans, leads are generated and given to the feet on street and 
branches, to convert these leads into business, this aggregated to ₹22,000 crore.  
 
On the corporate side, I think the pricing will be more determining, not by the liquidity 
which is available. I think what happens in the market, because we have been, I 
think one of my DMDs has mentioned that the shift from market to bank and bank to 
market is kind of very fast now. Earlier we used to have a lag. The market prices, 
market rates in bonds and CPs go up. People used to take long time to come back to 
banks. But they seem to be allocating. The shift is very fast. So, I believe that 
corporate pricing will be more determined by what is the CP and NCD rates, which 
again will be determined by the liquidity in the system. There could be some 
moderation there. As I mentioned right in the beginning, as far as SBI is concerned, 
we have conveyed our pricing expectations. I don't think we will deviate too 
significantly from that path. 
 
Mr. Pritesh Bumb – DAM Capital: 
 
Thank you, Sir.  
 
Mr. Piran Engineer - CLSA 
 
Hi Sir, am I audible? 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Yes. 
 
Mr. Piran Engineer - CLSA 
 
Just few questions. Firstly, on this ₹1269 crore other provisions, you said it is all for 
PLI?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
No, partially. 750 odd, ₹750 to ₹800 crore is PLI.  
 
Mr. Piran Engineer - CLSA 
 
And you are amortizing it this year. So, every quarter we are making that. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
24 
 
 
It’s not amortisation. See, expected PLI is around ₹3000 crore. Instead of taking in 
the last quarter, we are taking every quarter one-fourth of that. 
 
Mr. Piran Engineer - CLSA 
 
Understood. So secondly on your current deposit growth, current accounts, like last 
quarter it was low, but we said that there was a base effect. There were flows in 4Q 
FY25 due to which the YOY growth was low. But this time again it has been only 4-
5% YoY. So, what exactly are the reasons for this? And what are we doing to 
improve this?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Current account, I think we have performed better than the industry. If you really see 
in absolute numbers, we used to have mostly sequential declines that will continue. 
The current account market overall is going through difficult time. What is interesting, 
what I mentioned last quarter also, I have seen in this Q1 too, is that, while the 
government current accounts are virtually drying up, we have had 14% growth?  
 
Mr. Anindya Sunder Paul – DMD (Finance), State Bank of India: 
 
Yes, 14% growth in non-governmental deposits. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
14% growth in non-governmental deposits. This is what is actually very interesting to 
note, that while we have been one of the biggest current account holders for the 
government balances. That is drying up. Still, we are holding on the current account 
market share because our penetration in the non-governmental is increasing 
significantly. 14% growth rate on the non-governmental deposits. So, I think we are 
doing fairly well. We can do much better. But I think overall current account balances 
in the system are going to go down. 
 
Mr. Piran Engineer - CLSA 
 
And secondly, our forex revenues or forex fee income was just ₹500 crore. Is that 
because of the NOP guidelines?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Yes.  
 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
25 
 
Mr. Piran Engineer - CLSA 
 
So, it will normalize now to around 1500-ish from next quarter, right?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
You want to say something, Shamsher?  
 
Mr. Shamsher Singh – DMD (Global Markets), State Bank of India: 
 
Yes Sir. The decrease in forex fees was primarily on account of two reasons:  
greater volatility due to the war and secondly, the RBI guidelines which came into 
effect in the last week of March, limiting the net open position to $100 million. As a 
result, liquidity in the market was impacted. 
 
Mr. Piran Engineer - CLSA 
 
But is it now here to stay at this level, 500?  
 
Mr. Shamsher Singh – DMD (Global Markets), State Bank of India: 
 
No. Subsequently markets have started to normalize. We believe that the forex fee 
income has bottomed out in 1Q and we should be able to deliver better in the 
forthcoming quarters. 
 
Mr. Piran Engineer - CLSA 
 
If I may squeeze in one last question. Sir, in one of your interviews you spoke about 
listing SBI General Insurance also.  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Did I?  
 
Mr. Piran Engineer - CLSA 
 
Yes.  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Anyway, I did mention two companies which could be potential candidates for listing. 
And one company anyway we listed, right? The other company I have not given any 
timeline. I am still sticking that SBI General is the next candidate for listing but no 
timeline.  
 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
26 
 
Mr. Pawan Kumar - General Manager (Performance, Planning and Review), 
State Bank of India 
Due to paucity of time, we will now take up a few questions coming in through the 
online webcast which will be addressed by the Chairman Sir.  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Sneha Ganatra- Is FCNR deposit also covered under insurance?  
-Yes, FCNR deposits are also covered up to ₹5 lakhs under DICGC insurance cover.  
 
Vishal Gupta- the bank has revised FY27 loan growth guidance to 13-15% from 12-
14% which segments- retail, SME, corporate or agriculture?  
-We have revised our corporate 14-15% credit growth. Credit growth remained, as I 
mentioned, broad-based and we expect that it continues to be broad-based.  
 
Bunty Chawla- expected amount of FCNR deposit to be raised and its impact on 
cost of deposits?  
-I think we fairly answered this question. About Rs. 1 trillion would be our total 
deposit mobilization. And we don't see any significant impact on the cost of deposits. 
 
Nasir Sheikh- fresh slippages increased sequentially in Q1. Could you provide more 
colour?  
-During Q1 FY27 our fresh slippages were ₹7,046 crore, out of which we have 
already pulled back ₹1,400 crore as on date. And segmental numbers are also 
given, but I will just read out. Agri- ₹2,600 Cr, SME- ₹2,300 crore, personal segment- 
₹2,100 Cr. 
 
Anand Agarwal- was there any one-off in non-interest income? What was the 
amount of dividend from subsidiaries this quarter versus Q1 last year?  
-There is no such one-off in non-interest income. Dividend income during Q1 was 
₹72 crore in Q1 FY26 and ₹31 crore in Q1 FY27. Normally dividends get paid only in 
Q3 and Q4.  
 
 
Mayur Parkeria- impact of FCNR on NIM?  
-I think we already answered this question. 
 
Subramani Ramaswamy- don't you all think that the guidance of 14-15% being too 
conservative compared to your past performance so far?  
-So, we did explain that, due to base impact, our year-on-year growth is more than 
18%. And our expected growth guidance is essentially based on the nominal GDP 
and what we grow over nominal GDP.  
 

State Bank of India 
August 07, 2026 
 
27 
 
Subramanian Iyer, Morgan Stanley - request you to help us with the number for 
the interest on income tax refund.  
-Interest on income tax refund was ₹220 crore. Thank you. 
 
Mr. Pawan Kumar - General Manager (Performance, Planning and Review), 
State Bank of India 
 
Thank you, Chairman Sir. I trust all the questions have been addressed. We will be 
happy to respond to other questions in offline mode. Let me end the evening with 
thanking Chairman Sir, MD Sirs, DMD Sirs, top management team, senior officials of 
the circles and various offices connected through webcast, analysts, investors. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you all for taking time out of your schedule and 
joining us for this event. To round off this meeting, we request you all present here to 
join us for a high tea which is arranged just outside this hall. Thank you so much. 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
 
