 
 
 
 
 
 
BlueStone Jewellery and Lifestyle Limited 
[Formerly Known as BlueStone Jewellery and Lifestyle Private Limited] 
Reg. off : Site No. 89/2 Lava Kusha Arcade, Munnekolal Village, Outer Ring Road, Marathahalli, Bangalore - 560037 
statutorycompliance@bluestone.com               www.bluestone.com               CIN: L72900KA2011PLC059678 
Corporate off: 302, Dhantak Plaza, Makwana Road, Marol, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400 059, Maharashtra. 
Contact No: 080 4514 6904 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
To, 
BSE Ltd.   
Listing Department, 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001.  
(Scrip Code: Equity - 544484),  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051. 
(Symbol: BLUESTONE, Series EQ) 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Q1 FY27 Earnings Call Transcript. 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Earnings Call held on July 
21, 2026 for Q1 FY 2026-27 has been available on the website of the Company’s website at 
www.bluestone.com under Investors Relations-> Quarterly updates -> 2026-2027-> Q1. 
 
Link: https://kinclimg1.bluestone.com/static/ir/msf/files/iu/Earnings-Call-Transcript-
Q1FY27.pdf 
 
  
Kindly take the above on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For BlueStone Jewellery and Lifestyle Limited  
(Formerly known as Bluestone Jewellery and Lifestyle Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha 
Managing Director  
DIN: 01674879 
 
Encl: As above 
 
Gaurav Singh 
Kushwaha
Digitally signed by 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha 
Date: 2026.07.28 11:21:31 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
BlueStone Jewellery and Lifestyle Limited
 
Q1 FY 27 Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT : 
MR. GAURAV SINGH K USHWAHA – FOUNDER AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – BLUE STONE J EWELLERY AND 
L IFESTYLE L IMITED 
MR. RUMIT DUGAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
BLUE STONE J EWELLERY AND L IFESTYLE L IMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR : 
MS. RHEA DHARIA – INVESTOR RELATIONS – EY 
 
 
 

Q1FY27 | Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the BlueStone Jewellery and Lifestyle 
Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call
. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
remain in the listen
-only mode , and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal the operator by pressing 
star then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.
 
I will now hand the conference over to Ms. 
Rhea Dharia from EY Investor Relations for 
opening remarks. Thank you and over to you.
 
Rhea Dharia: 
Thank you, Ry an. Good morning to all the participants on the call. Welcome to the Q1 
FY27 earnings call 
of BlueStone Jewellery and Lifestyle Limited. Before we proceed 
with the call, let me remind you that
, the discussion may contain forward
-looking 
statements that may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other 
factors. It must be viewed in conjunction with our business risks that could cause 
future results, performance, or achievement to diff
er significantly from what is 
expressed or implied in such forward
-looking statements. 
Please note that we have mailed the results and the same is available on the 
Exchange . 
In case you have not received the same, you can write to us
 and we will be happy to 
send the same over to you.
 
To take us through the results today and answer your questions, we have the 
management of BlueStone represented by Mr. Gaurav Singh Kushwaha, Founder and 
CEO, and Mr. Rumit Dugar, CFO. We will start the call with a brief overview of the 
quarter gone past a
nd then conduct the Q&A session. With that said, I will hand the 
call over to Gaurav. Over to you.
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 Thank you, Rhea . Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us at BlueStone's 
Q1 FY27 earnings call. Q1 marks a strong start to the year. Revenues grew 49% year
-on-
year to INR 733 crores and pre -Ind AS EBITDA rose 135% to INR 55 crores , close to 3x the 
rate of revenue, taking our operating margin to 7.5% and expansion of 273 basis point
s. 
That relationship, revenue scaling against a cost base that rose far more slowly, is the 
operating leverage in our model becoming visible. And it is what defined the quarter. 
And it came against the backdrop of the custom duty on gold moving from 6% to 15%
, 
which makes the breadth and consistency of demand particularly encouraging. As 
always, the detailed disclosures are available on the 
Exchanges , so I will keep my 
remarks brief and focus on a few things that mattered this quarter.
 
First of all , I want to say something about how we see this category because it shapes 
everything we do. For a very long time, the jewellery industry was dominated by 
relationships and brand marketing
; and designs had very little role to play in this 
category. We built BlueStone on the opposite belief, that design, technology, and 
consumer understanding are how you earn the right every single day. And the market 
has moved decisively in that direction.
 

Q1FY27 | Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Jewellery is coming out of the locker and into everyday life, bought not just for 
weddings, but for how people live now. The non
-wedding everyday segment is where 
the consumer is genuinely moving, and it is a segment the industry overlooked for a 
very long time. That is precisely where we have chosen to build. This is also
, why I 
would encourage you to look at BlueStone
, not only as a jewellery company, but as a 
consumer internet company that has chosen jewellery as its category.
 
We were born online and the way consumers reach us reflects that. The moment the 
thought of buying jewellery enters someone's mind today, they go online. They 
research, they shortlist. They form a view
, long before they step into a store. More than 
80% of our sales originates online. The store then plays its own irreplaceable role. 
Jewellery is emotional and 
of high consideration, and it is in the store that a consumer 
sees and feels the piece and where trust is finally sealed.
 
We do not think of these as separate channels. They are one continuous journey, and 
because the intent is largely built online first, our stores convert with a productivity 
that a purely physical retailer cannot match. Making that journey seamless from 
dis covery on a screen to a moment of delight at the counter in a 
Metro or in a Tier -2 
town is our real differentiator. And it is what lets a network of 352 stores punch well 
above its weight. It also shows how we run and measure the business.
 
The metrics we report to you, cohorts that compound, repeat revenue shares, wallet 
share, customer lifetime, are the grammar of the consumer internet business, and that 
is no accident. Our right to exist as a brand comes from being at our core a technology
 
company. We are the only jewellery company that has built its entire technology stack 
in-house. I would also urge all of 
you to look forward rather than backward.
 
People tend to under
-appreciate how quickly consumers and technology are 
changing. My wife does not shop the way my mother did, and my daughter will 
definitely not shop the way my wife does. An industry that plans on the assumptions 
of the last 20 years wi
ll misjudge the next 10. We would rather build for where the 
consumer is going than for where the category had been.
 
One thing worth highlighting this quarter is our same
-store sales growth of 39%, which 
was broad -based with older cohorts posting SS
SGs in line with the overall portfolio. 
What we see in that data is that our stores continue to compound as they mature, 
which speaks about the headroom that remains to grow per
-store revenues across all 
cohorts. 
This performance sets us up well going into the rest of the year, and our focus stays 
firmly on execution, deepening our relationship with the consumers we already have 
and continuing to bring new ones onto the fold.
 We are building a consumer internet 
business in India's most loved category, and that category is only now beginning to be 
built the way it should be. Thank you everyone and over to
 the operator for questions. 

Q1FY27 | Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question
-and -answer session. 
We take the first question from the line of Harish Advani from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Harish Advani:
 
Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a great set of results. 
So, my first 
question was on your comment about the demand softening in May post the custom 
duty hike, but then it normalized through June. So how are the demand trends shaping 
up as we move into July, particularly in the studded categories?
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 Yes, so you are right. Essentially, last quarter had been kind of mixed. Akshaya Tritiya 
period was great, then there was import duty hike which softened the demand, and 
then I think as June progressed, a lot of that demand kind of kept on coming back. And 
we continue to see that the same trend continuing into July also. 
So, no major 
difference compared to what we observed in June.
 
Harish Advani:
 
Perfect. And one follow
-up on that. See, now that the gold price inflation is beginning 
to taper off quarter after quarter as we move into the second half, how should we think 
about the growth construct in the second half of the year?
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 Right. So, I think historically, Harish, what we have seen is we have generally 
performed very well in the environment where the gold prices had largely remained 
stable. So basically, we have generally performed much better when the gold prices 
have remained stable.
 So across last six years of our retail operations, I think last one 
and a half years had been the noisiest of the period. And stable gold prices actually are 
very, very good for the consumer demand.
 
I understand that the investment
-led demand kind of increases significantly when the 
gold prices are going up or is highly dependent on gold price. Ours is more of a 
consumer business. Essentially, our customers are not gold coin customers, our 
customers a re not investment -driven customers. Our customers are price 
point -based 
customers. So essentially, a person who is looking to buy a INR20,000 to INR40,000 
product is going to buy a INR20,000 to INR40,000 product no matter the grammage.
 
Now, with the increasing gold, with the environment where the gold increased very, 
very sharply, we struggled. We struggled because our merchandise dislocation was 
happening in real
-time in a month, in two months, and so on. 
So, I wish gold prices 
remain stable and then we continue to operate the way we operated for last six years. 
And I think we feel lot more comfortable in that environment.
 
We believe that is the most conducive environment for us to be able to deliver the 
targets that we have set off for ourselves, which is essentially almost 30% or so SS
SG 
over the next four years and along with distribution growth taking the overall revenue 
to around INR 12,000 crores number in the next four years. 
Harish Advani:
 
Got it, sir. Very clear. And last question from my side. 
So, the repeat revenue 
contribution has now gone up to about 60%, which is about 9 percentage points higher 

Q1FY27 | Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
from last year. But on the flip side, we see that the new customer addition, which used 
to be 50,000 every quarter, has kind of come down to a number of around 40,000.
 
So, we kind of have recalibrated the entry
-level price points, but are there any more 
initiatives required to take that new customer addition back to 50,000, 60,000 levels?
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 Right, Harish. So essentially, you are absolutely right in that observation. So essentially, 
a lot of growth that we are seeing right now is being ably supported by very strong 
repeat in our business. And fundamentally, the category is such that see, we acquire a 
lot of customers in 28, 30, 32, that kind of age range. Now, at that time, they start with 
low er ticket sizes 
etcetera , but as they move, as they age, they actually start buying 
jewellery lot more frequently and their ticket size also increase.
 
So that is what explains a very sharp increase in repeat revenues, and I am saying 
absolute repeat revenues year
-over -year as we have calculated. I think on new, that 
merchandise dislocation was real. We had sliced and diced our data in every which 
way, an d as we continue to fix that, I think we should see and we have over the last 
three to four months as we are fixing it, we are seeing an upward tick
. But we are 
actually comparing Y
-o-Y numbers. 
I am looking more at like month
-on-month numbers, they are trending in the right 
direction and so on. 
So, all the signs, all the signals are pointing that we are moving in 
the right direction
, and as we fix it at scale, that merchandise dislocation, I think this 
should only get keep on getting better from here.
 
Harish Advani:
 
Thank you, sir, and all the best.
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 Thank you, Harish. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Jay Doshi from Kotak. Please go 
ahead. 
Jay Doshi: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Couple of questions. First one is, can you talk a little bit 
about the trends on lower 
karatage , whether you are seeing any demand or interest 
for 9 karat or is it still predominantly 18 
karat and 14 karat? Any changes that you have 
observed and now particularly since gold prices have largely stabilized for the past 
two, three months? 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 Yes, so Jay, we have not tried 9 
karat so far. And at some point
-in-time we might, but 
right now we have not. We have seen, we have done some experimentation with 14 
karatage . So, what we have generally seen is in lower price point, it helps plug that gap 
that got created. However, just lowering the 
karatage is not the only strategy we have. 
We have done a lot of redesigning also in entry price points.
 
We have created designs using new techniques which actually give more strength to 
gold even while consuming lesser amount of gold. 
So, there are on multiple 
dimensions we have tried fixing that, we are trying to fix that gap. 
 Karatage is definitely 

Q1FY27 | Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
one experiment that we have done 
and, in some pockets,
 it has done well, specifically 
in lower price point products.
 
Jay Doshi: 
Sure. In terms of consumer sentiment for natural diamonds studded jewellery, have 
you seen any improvement over the course of last six, nine months? And are you 
seeing any pickup in diamond 
karatage -led growth when you look at your SS
SG 
numbers? Would love to understand a little bit more on that.
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 So, Jay, quite honestly, we had never seen lab
-grown diamonds denting natural 
diamond demand also. 
So, while I understand that it created noise in the minds of the 
investors, especially with a lot of companies getting VC funding and so on, over last 
three to four years we had never seen
, any significant change in the 
behaviour of our 
consumers , just because lab -grown was around. 
And I think that also largely stems from the fact that lab
-grown made its place in bigger 
solitaires . So, if you look at US markets also, that was the category where it 
kind of 
operated. In India, that number of people who would buy 1 carat, 2 carat, 3 carat 
solitaires , that number was very, very small to begin with. And that is essentially I think 
that is where the lab
-grown play happened and for us particularly, that number was 
even less than 1% of our overall revenue.
 
Hence, we never saw any dislocation and these trends that okay, because of lab
-grown 
something came down
, and suddenly that shift is back towards natural diamond
. We 
never saw the first shift or the second shift.
 
Jay Doshi: 
Understood. Lastly, now that gold prices have stabilized, is there any thought process 
internally to increase hedging or would you still continue with 50% hedging?
 
Rumit Dugar:
 
Jay, this is Rumit here. So, I think our hedge policy was never designed with a gold price 
per se in mind. So just to recollect, it is designed with a certain objective of risk 
management which 
centres around liquidity, capital structure, and the P&L impact. So 
really, these are the three metrics.
 
Now, obviously it's not our business to predict gold prices because any change 
effectively means that we are taking a view on gold price higher or lower. 
So, we are 
consistent with our policy, there is no change.
 
Jay Doshi: 
Sure. Thank you so much. That's all.
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Devanshu Bansal from 
Emkay 
Global. Please go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal:
 
Hi Gaurav, Rumit. Congratulations on a very strong quarter. Gaurav, 
just a small follow -
up firstly on that new versus repeat customer growth
. So, I just wanted to check, you 
explained this, but according to you, what is an ideal growth that we should target 
from new consumers? Maybe if you could share your view on that.
 

Q1FY27 | Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 These specific numbers are too micro. We will not be able to comment with such 
specificity. 
Devanshu Bansal:
 
Okay, maybe some range or 
colour if you can provide as in just for 
us analysts to sort 
of gauge as in is your performance actually tracking well on the new customer side as 
well? Obviously, the growth variation can be there between repeat and new, but 
ideally what is a good range at least if you could highlight from growth perspective?
 
Rumit Dugar:
 
So, Devanshu, I think you have to see both in context because what also happens is 
that as our store cohorts start to mature and a larger and larger part of the cohort is 
maturing , and if you look at our consumer base, it's almost close to a million 
customers . And they are aging. So, it's not that there is a certain number or a mix that 
we are trying to get at. I think our objective is to be able to grow both, continue to 
acquire new customers as well as drive the repeat base.
 
And the repeat base is going to become larger and larger
, just from a mathematical 
fact that now we have about a million consumers and our store cohorts are aging
. So, 
when the vintages are young, so if you look at the broader trend line from an SS
SG 
perspective, there are basically three vectors that drive the SS
SG, which is your new 
recruitment, repeat, and AOV.
 
Now, the older the cohort, the more driven by repeat and AOV.
 Younger the cohort, 
more driven by new customers
. So, I think you should look at both independently and 
there is no target mix. I think at a broader level, the objective function is to obviously 
build more market share and keep adding more consumers
. So, I think both kind of go 
hand in hand in that context.
 
Devanshu Bansal:
 
Got it. Secondly, sir, this quarter I guess store sizes are around 4,500 square feet, so 
whatever you have opened. 
So, is this the new normal 
or that we should expect for 
future stores as well? Also checking if there is any change in investment per store in 
these larger stores , if you could sort of comment on that.
 
Rumit Dugar:
 
So, I think as we have mentioned earlier, incrementally as we get into 
Tier -2, Tier -3, the 
rentals are much lower and we are so that is why we take a larger space. Now, all of 
this is not operational square feet
. So, this is basically the incremental capacity that 
we are building for the kind of store productivity we 
are able to see in our older 
cohorts. 
Second, from a rental perspective on the absolute level, when we look at it on an 
absolute cost per store, rent per store, revenue per store, those unit economics don't 
really change materially. 
So, the operational square feet is still in the broad territory
, 
that we've seen historically
, and it doesn't impact the unit economics. 
So, we get a 
bigger frontage at the same cost
, and it creates more capacity for absolute revenue 
productivity. 
Devanshu Bansal:
 
Sure. Sir, lastly, this time around our growth has been better versus the competition. I 
am talking about the immediate competition, not the general jewellery industry. 
So, 

Q1FY27 | Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
any few things which you could highlight where which we are doing differently which 
is helping us gain maybe share in the category that we operate in?
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 Yes, I think see, at the very core, it's a focus on designs. 
Contrary to how almost 
everyone operates, we still continue
 to believe very, very strongly in designs and hence 
the focus on creating differentiated designs. I think this merchandise dislocation that 
we are fixing and there is still room there, that has that has supported our growth well.
 
And more importantly, over longer horizon, as R
umit also pointed out, we are not we 
are not saying that okay, we are only in for lower price point, we are only for higher 
price point and so on. What we believe is that getting customers to love you, to love 
your products in this category and to trust you is
 one of the biggest challenges. And 
once we've overcome that challenge, our 
endeavour is to actually generate more and 
more repeat, more and more business from the same customers.
 
Now, for that, we also need to grow when the customers are growing
. So, a person in 
her 30s when she is she might be buying a INR
 30,000, INR 40,000 ring, but when the 
same customer is let's say 45, 
50-year -old , she might actually buy a INR
 4 to INR 6 lakh 
product also because she 
is just doing much better in life, she has more disposable 
income etcetera . 
So, our endeavour is to also grow our selection, our offerings as our customers are also 
aging. So, I think focus, very clear focus on all these facets and not kind of trying to 
bucket ourselves in a smaller for a smaller use case, I think those are the things that 
are going to continue supporting our growth over very, very long term.
 
Devanshu Bansal:
 
Got it, Gaurav. Thank you for taking my questions. All the best to the team.
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of 
Kaivalya Baing from IIFL Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Kaivalya Baing:
 
Yes , hi, hi Gaurav, hi Rumit. Am I audible?
 
Moderator : 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Kaivalya Baing:
 
Yes , so two questions from my end. Firstly, on gross margin, this quarter we are seeing 
a meaningful expansion of 100 bps. This is excluding the inventory gain
, which I am 
talking. We saw a similar situation in 3Q where the studded share had actually 
declined, but back then it was a mere 20, 30 bps of expansion. 
So, could you just throw 
some colour on the drivers behind this?
 
Rumit Dugar:
 
Yes , so see, I think through the quarter, there are some product mix changes in terms 
of studded share and what type of studded got sold 
etcetera , but I wouldn't read too 
much into the gross margin trends. I think what is important is to look broadly the 
gross margin and contribution margin, which is a more relevant metric, has been 
largely stable. 

Q1FY27 | Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
The really the focus here is on the operating leverage
. And if you look at our broader 
operating EBITDA performance, I think we are already at 7.5%, there has been a 
significant expansion that we've been seeing for the last several quarters. And from a 
directional perspective, as over the next four years we get
 to INR 12,000 crores and 
scale -driven operating leverage will continue to flow through.
 
So, there is massive headroom to expand the operating EBITDA margin from 7.5% to 
the 15% handle. So, a stable contribution margin with scale
-driven and vintage
-driven 
operating leverage will continue to drive the EBITDA. I think that's really the big 
operating story out here.
 
Kaivalya Baing:
 
Understood, understood. Secondly, sir, now
, when we move into the second half, we'll 
be lapping a very sharp gold inflation, nearly 
80% in 3Q and I think 60%, 65% in 4Q. So, 
do you think , that poses an inherent headwind as to our growth prospects into the 
second half? 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 I don't believe so. Our view on this thing is totally contrary to how the market behaves 
because that's what I saw in our data. In fact, Q3 last year
 was the slowest quarter in 
our history for us. And that was when the gold rose sharpest. 
So, if gold stays range
-
bound , it's even better for us. 
Kaivalya Baing:
 
So basically, the volume part of the aspect shall make up for the...
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 Ours is not a volume business. A person comes to buy a INR
 30,000 product, that 
person has come to buy a INR
 30,000 product. Just because gold has increased
 or let's 
say gold has doubled, those customers that generally transact with us, their budget 
does not increase. They don't have more disposable income just because gold has 
doubled. Now, there are other people who generally buy with a intent of investing in 
that. 
People who say that okay, every year I'll buy a 
10-gram gold coin. So next year if 10 gram 
is doubled, they'll spend double. But they are not constrained by their wallet size. 
So, 
it doesn't matter. In fact, it's it makes it even more difficult for them because they don't 
find as great an assortment that they could have found last year.
 
Kaivalya Baing:
 
Understood. Got it, sir. Lastly, sir, could you just tell me the inventory figure at the end 
of June if that's possible?
 
Rumit Dugar:
 
It is about INR 2,800 odd crores . 
Kaivalya Baing:
 
INR 2,800 odd crores . Understood. Thank you, sir. That's all from my end. Wish you all 
the very best for future quarters.
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ankush Agarwal from Surge 
Capital. Please go ahead.
 

Q1FY27 | Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Ankush Agarwal:
 
So firstly, I want to understand is we have been maintaining that we have about 50% 
hedge at the inventory level. 
So, wanted to understand this 50% is purely on the gold 
inventory that we maintain or it's for the total inventory that we have, which includes 
the stones value as well?
 
Rumit Dugar:
 
So largely there are two components to the inventory, gold and diamond. Diamond 
prices in the category that India uses and we operate in, the prices are super stable, as 
I think Gaurav had already alluded to the fact that our exposure in large diamonds or
 
solitaires, which is where all the price movement 
etcetera happens, is negligible. So 
large part of effectively in terms of inventory is gold and which is 
what we hedge 50 -
50. 
Ankush Agarwal:
 
Okay. And this 50% ratio includes GML or that is separate?
 
Rumit Dugar:
 
Yes , I mean GML is an instrument
. So, it is on the total base. GML is also an instrument 
for hedging, so it's all included.
 
Ankush Agarwal:
 
Okay, got it. The second thing I wanted to understand is in our analyst meet, we have 
given this sort of a guidance of 50% revenue CAGR
, and the math behind that what you 
have shared is 30% SS
SG and 20% distribution growth. But honestly, if you have 30% 
SS SG and if you do 20% distribution growth, that would not lead to 50% revenue growth
. 
Because distribution does not add up the same amount of growth in the first or second 
year like what SSSG does. So, if you add like 20% distribution, that might translate to 
10%, 12%, 15% growth. 
So, I'm just trying to understand the math of this 50% number that 
you have shared. 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 Sure, Ankush. So, you are absolutely right, that's not the way the numbers add up. And 
hence reported S
SSG is not what we were actually alluding to at that time. What we 
were actually talking about that time is that at maturity also if stores keep on 
compounding at 30%, you tend to get there. Now, reported SS
SGs will always be 
different because let's say stores which are in their absolute first year would show very 
high number on a low base and so on and so forth.
 
So, I think the SS
SG that we were referring to there and that we discussed also, we 
spoke about our oldest cohorts and their performance in year 3, year 4, year 5, year 6 
and so on, not the performance between year 1 and year 2. 
So, if those continue to 
deliver at that, then that math works, but not on the reported S
SSG numbers. You are 
absolutely right. 
Ankush Agarwal:
 
Right. So, the understanding is that for you to report 50% growth, you
 are assuming that 
the reported S SSG would be even higher.
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 See, we don't work on reported SSG per se. We worked on more fundamental 
construct and that was what we discussed at that time.
 
Ankush Agarwal:
 
Okay. And lastly, clarify, you said INR
 2,800 crores of inventory, right, as of Q1? 

Q1FY27 | Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 That's right. 
Ankush Agarwal:
 
Okay, okay. That was all. Thanks.
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Karan Gupta from 
Asit C Mehta 
Investment . Please go ahead. 
Karan Gupta: 
So, two questions. First on the inventory turnover side. 
So, as you shared the data of 
GMROI at the time of IPO, at the time you said inventory turnover I think is not 
meaningful, how much gross margin we are generating on the inventory, that is 
something important. 
So, GMROI is the metric that you shared. If you calculate the 
GMROI part across the years
, last four years, that is declining from 62% that you shared 
at the time of FY23 is now I think 48% in FY26
. So just want the clarification on that.
 
And we are not sharing the 
GMROI numbers, although we can calculate that on the 
given numbers, but please share the light on 
GMROI side. The second one is broader 
question on the operating leverage that you said the gross margin expansion is 
happening and EBITDA margin expansion is happening. So that is something on the 
fixed cost that is spreading across basically the revenue.
 
But what about the variable part, manufacturing or the operating leverage if you share 
some light on , and how much in
-house manufacturing you are doing
, and how much 
we can reduce the cost of that manufacturing part? So that's below the gross margin 
side. So that's two broad questions.
 
Rumit Dugar:
 
Sure, I'll take that. So firstly, on the GMROI bit, what happens is
, if you look at the last 
three to four years, we
 have opened a significant number of stores
. So, there are 
basically two vectors that drive the inventory turn. One is that how many stores I have 
opened in the last one year, two years, three years, because as the vintage builds, the 
inventory turn and inventory productivity continues to expand.
 
Second factor is what happens to the gold price
, because what happens is you report 
the balance sheet and you report the inventory number on the balance sheet date
. So 
obviously if there is a lot of gold price inflation, which has been the case for the last 
two, three years, to that extent inventory levels look significantly higher and the 
consumer demand obviously moves up and down depending on how much the gold 
pric es are moving . So, these are these are the two fundamental vectors.
 
Now, on the first bit on our core inventory turn, I think in our 
Investor Day we had 
shared a detailed mix of how inventory turns are trending across cohorts
, and as you 
would have noted that
, most of our cohorts are demonstrating very, very strong 
inventory turns anywhere between 1.8 to 2. So largely the blending that you are talking 
about is a function of how many new stores and what is the share of new stores in our 
broader portfolio. 
And as we are growing distribution or adding stores on a larger base, the dilution of 
new stores is going to be significantly lower. 
So, we've already communicated that our 

Q1FY27 | Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
blended inventory turn should continue to improve and over the next four years 
should go to the 1.7 mix kind of handle
, and which is already demonstrated
, and you 
will see improvement through this year as well
. So, this year inventory turn should get 
better. Thus, I think from a GMROI perspective, it is a little bit more mathematical that 
the decline is there. So fundamentally the construct of the ROCEs of our business have 
not shifted.  
To your second question on the manufacturing cost, I think in my answer to one of the 
questions that was asked earlier, I said the right metric to look at is the contribution 
margin, which actually captures the cost of production, cost of manufacturing, an
d 
some of the other direct costs.
 And that is where the margins have been reasonably 
stable. 
And as the build on the scale and as we move from INR
 2,440 crores of revenue in FY26 
to INR 12,000 crores in over the next four years, you can see that
, there is a massive 
amount of scale benefit that we will continue to get both at the store EBITDA level as 
well as at the operating cost level, which includes A&P and corporate cost. 
So, I think 
that journey will continue year after year for the next four years.
 
Karan Gupta: 
So how much in -house manufacturing we have?
 
Rumit Dugar:
 
Broadly all of it is in
-house, about 95% of the products that we sell is manufactured in
-
house. 
Karan Gupta: 
95%? 
Rumit Dugar:
 
That's right. 
Karan Gupta: 
Okay. So how much it will benefit to the margin side as compared to the peers who 
has maybe 50%, 60% outsourcing? So how much it will benefit in long term basically?
 
Rumit Dugar:
 
I mean, see, there is about 300 to 400 basis point delta, but I think it's hard to put an 
exact number there
, because different products have different cost of manufacturing, 
different margin profiles. But I think it's important to take a step back and look at why 
we do manufacturing. It's not just a margin driver.
 
Obviously, that is a benefit, but the objective function for manufacturing is that as we 
are completely design
-driven, and that is the biggest differentiator which allows us to 
charge a premium pricing
, and get in more customers
, and continue to build and grow 
with those customers. The product differentiation over the long term can be retained 
if you control manufacturing.
 
Otherwise, in a vendor
-driven ecosystem, your designs
, eventually , even if you give 
your own designs, there is a high risk that those designs get dissipated, get 
commoditized, get stocked with small tweaks in different stores across different 
brands and networks, and thus your long
-term ability to charge a premium from a
 
consumer perspective, to get in more consumers and to maintain that differentiation, 

Q1FY27 | Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
I think obviously gets harder. 
So, it's a very strategic call. It's not a margin
-driven or a 
cost call. 
Karan Gupta: 
Okay. And outlook for the store opening?
 
Rumit Dugar:
 
So, I think we've guided to about 20% CAGR over the next four years in terms of 
distribution growth. 
 
Karan Gupta: 
Distribution as in established area
-wise? 
Rumit Dugar:
 
Distribution I mean stores
.  
Karan Gupta: 
Number of stores ? 
Rumit Dugar:
 
Yes. 
Karan Gupta: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Pallavi from Sameeksha Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Pallavi: 
Thank you, sir, for taking my question. Just wanted to understand what would be the 
marketing spend this quarter versus last year same quarter? First question.
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 Yes , so marketing spends this year was around INR
 50 crores , I think which is around 
6.9% of the overall revenues. And last year also it was around 6.9% of the revenues. 
So 
see, marketing spend is something which I would generally encourage you guys to not 
look at a quarterly level
. Yes , so marketing 
spends as a percentage should not be 
look ed at a quarterly basis. 
It's the quarterly variations are going to be there, especially if you look at it as a 
percentage of revenues because revenue itself is very seasonal in our business
, and 
marketing also has certain seasonality basis on the properties available to us, basis 
the opportunities available to us, and 
that two seasonalit
ies might actually not go 
hand in hand. 
So, if you look at the overall marketing spend annually over last four 
years, we have taken that down from around 9.2% odd percent to 6.6% for last full year.
 
Across last four years, every year it has been falling in terms of percentage of the 
overall revenues. In absolute terms, we continue to increase it as we see that as a 
significant driver for getting more market share. I think so going forward also, that 
trend is only going to continue.
 
So, we believe that over the next five years, this 6.6% will go down to around 4.5%, 4.6% 
odd percent. I think for this full year also, we should see a number which is better than 
last year's, so some something lower than 6.6%, but I think the overall guidanc
e, the 
overall trajectory will be in that direction. At the same time, just a single quarter here 
and there, I would not read too much into that.
 

Q1FY27 | Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Pallavi: 
Okay. My second question would be
, if I can have the inventory number in kgs?
 
Rumit Dugar
: 
That is too 
competitive; we don't talk about that. We've given the value number 
already , and that's anyway the relevant number from ROCE perspective.
 
Pallavi: 
That's all. Thank you so much.
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Gopal 
Nawandhar from SBI Life. Please go 
ahead. 
Gopal Nawandhar:
 
Yes , thanks a lot and congratulations for good set of results. I think most of the 
questions already discussed. What I wanted to understand is because you know last 
couple of days there is a decline in the gold prices. Are you seeing any change in the 
trends for exchange and all? Is it more fresh buys are coming or it is still the exchange 
that is still prevalent?
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 Sure, Gopal. No significant change
. In just last two, three days , in fact, I think that's kind 
of very, very short term to even kind of base any long
-term strategy. But I think over 
time what we are seeing is
, as gold continued to increase, the exchanges definitely 
picked up because the perceived value of the gold that was sitting in households.
 
We saw certain uptick in gold exchange also along with that import duty hike 
etcetera . 
So, I think in general, the exchange this year is higher than let's say what it used to be, 
but no significant change let's say over last one to two weeks or not recently.
 
Gopal Nawandhar:
 
And in this environment, are you seeing more studded being sold in this softer gold 
price environment?
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 Again, few percentage points here and there, but nothing material, Gopal. We see 
reasonable consistency in consumer 
behaviour . 
Gopal Nawandhar:
 
Store addition was little softer in this quarter. Should we expect that annual run rate 
of 70, 80 to be maintained for this year?
 
Rumit Dugar
: 
Yes , Gopal. So, I think the store addition should not be seen on a linear basis. I think 
the broad trend line from a 20% distribution growth
 should largely be retained
, and we 
expect that to be delivered through this year as well.
 
Gopal Nawandhar:
 
Okay, okay. Sure, thanks a lot.
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Varun Singh from Al
fAccurate 
Advisors. Please go ahead.
 
Varun Singh:
 
Yes , thank you. Sir, my first question is I did not quite get the logic behind the 50% 
growth aspiration and the math of you know 30% SS
SG plus 20% area expansion 
growth. And so, if you can just elaborate on that?
 

Q1FY27 | Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
And secondly, if you can help us understand
, what's the underlying reasoning for 20% 
area expansion growth, why not 14%, 15% and a much faster acceleration in the margin 
profile? I mean if you can throw some light on this part also
? Thank you. 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 Yes , right. So, I think that 50% math, the way it works on fundamental SS
SG not reported 
SS SG, that I already explained in response to one of the questions. 
 
Varun Singh:
 
I'm sorry, what's the difference between fundamental SS
SG and reported S SSG? 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 See, reported SSG is a mix of essentially let's say when the stores are just starting up. 
So, in their 14, 15 months, because the base is small, the reported numbers would have 
a higher number because of that. But I'm saying what I mean by fundamental SS
SGs 
rather not fundamental, it's actually long
-term SS SG. So basically, what we discussed 
in our Investor Day also was the that the oldest of the cohorts actually continue to 
grow at 30% plus. 
Varun Singh:
 
So, you are saying that 
the 30% SS SG number that you have given, that's fundamental 
SS SG, that's not reported? 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 No, no, that's SS SG even at maturity.
 Now, the reported SSG would be slightly higher 
than that because of the stores the new stores that have just come up. Okay, so that 
math s is not essentially what you can do on the fundamental numbers. I think
, see, if 
you look at the overall growth also, this quarter also is closer to 50%.
 
In fact, historically we had comfortably delivered 50% growth same last year when the 
gold environment was kind of very, very difficult, the gold volatility 
etcetera . So, we 
continue to feel very comfortable with those numbers. 
What was the second part of 
your question? 
Varun Singh:
 
The second part of the question was why 20% area expansion, why not 14%, 15% and 
much sharper margin acceleration? What the necessity for faster area expansion 
given that we are operating in an offline space unlike a typical e
-commerce company?
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 Understood, understood. 
So, here's the thing. 
So, I think for that you'll have to 
understand the operating leverage of the business a little more fundamentally. So if 
you look at the expansion that came in last one year, a big chunk of that expansion
, 
actually operating leverage that that expanded by around 6.5
% last year, the bigger 
chunk of that actually came from scale expansion
, and not store level profitability 
expansion. 
So, if you have more stores, your marketing spends and your corporate expenses also 
continue to shrink. In fact, over next four years
, when we are saying that
, it's going to 
go from 7.5% to close to 15%, the bigger chunk of that will come from scale and not a 
store level operating profit.
 And will be delivered with a sharper or the stronger 
distribution growth, not with a lower distribution growth.
 

Q1FY27 | Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
So, I think higher distribution
, someone can say 25% also, why go at 20%, why not 25%
. 
So, this is essentially our call basis the data 
etcetera that we see. And I think your base 
assumption that if we grow slowly or if we grow slower, our operating leverage will 
show up sooner, that base assumption itself is flawed
, because that bulk of that 
operating leverage is not sitting at store level EBITDA, it's actually sitting at corporate 
level EBITDA. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Harsh Shah from Bandhan AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Harsh Shah: 
Yes , hi Gaurav and hi Rumit. My question basically was that our company AOV is close 
to 78,000 this quarter. What would be the AOV for our repeat customers?
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 See, repeat specifically for this quarter
, I don't have that number, but repeat typically 
is higher than new.  
Harsh Shah: 
What would be the differential, Gaurav, let's say on a FY26 basis or let's say full year 
basis differential would be roughly?
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 I think repeat AOVs would generally be 20% to 30% higher than new.
 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay.  
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 And Harsh these are still blends. 
Even average order value
, there is a blend.  
Harsh Shah:                         When you look at the cohort of let's say repeat customers who are in the five
-year cohort 
versus three -year cohort versus
, let's say one -year , let's say two -year cohort . What 
would that differ I mean how would that differ
. 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
  It continues to expand. In fact, that was the point I was coming to
. So, because all these 
averages actually depend
 on a lot of things. If you're not doing 
let’s, say well in lower 
price point, then also AOV will increase and so on.
 So, AOV itself is not the right metric 
to look at. 
I think the right metric is to look at the cohort. So as people are maturing, are they 
buying more frequently
, and are they buying higher ticket size
. And do we have the 
right products to kind of offer them
. I think that continues to be the focus of the 
company , and I think the broader trend is
, the longer the people spend with us, the 
consumer spend with us, higher their AOV is.
 
Harsh Shah: 
Got it. And Gaurav, frequency
-wise, how would that be different let's say a five
-year -
old cohort repeat customer in terms of frequency
, let's say in FY26 versus
, let's say a 
two-year -old customer? How would that differ?
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 Yes , so I think a certain frequency gets established and from second, third year 
onwards that does not change much.
 

Q1FY27 | Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And this AOV if we slice and dice in 
Metro, Tier -1, Tier -2, let's say, would 
that be materially different or would that be in the same ballpark as the company 
average? 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 Like I said, I don't have the number. In general, I have not seen too much deviations 
across Tier s. Across Tier s, I have not seen much deviation.
 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. Sure, th anks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ashish Kumar from Infinity 
Alternatives. Please go ahead.
 
Ashish Kumar:
 
Thank you, sir. Congratulations for good set of numbers. Just wanted to understand a 
little bit more on the inventory. I think the inventory from the last quarter has gone up 
by INR 600 crores , INR 700 crores . What would be the reasons and when do you expect 
this to come back to
 the last quarter we had mentioned that it will come back 
hopefully because of once the gold prices stabilize. 
So, when do you expect it to go 
back long medium term, what do you see inventory to turnover ratio? 
So, if you can 
maybe talk a little bit about that
? 
Rumit Dugar:
 
Yes , so I think just a correction, inventory 
has not gone up by INR 600, INR 700 crores . 
So, March inventory was INR
 2,650 crores . And obviously we
 have added stores 
etcetera . To the second part of the question, I think more fundamentally
, if you look at 
our cohort level performance, our older cohorts are already at 1.8 to 2 inventory turns.
 
So initially when a new store is opened, you start it 
at a certain inventory level and as 
the SS SG continues to build in that 
store, it reaches to a normalized 1.8 to 2 
kinds of 
turns. So that is where the broader trend line is. The reported inventory turn is a 
function of what is the mix of younger stores, what is the average age of the broader 
portfolio. 
And thus, given where we are in our journey, large part of our big distribution build in 
terms of the dilution coming in from new stores is going to be lower and lower 
incrementally , and the vintage of my base will continue to expand, which will keep 
trending this inventory turn to the direction of 1.7, 1.8. So that is 
where we will get to 
and you should see continuous improvement
. Obviously gold price is something that 
is external, but all else being equal on a like
-for-like basis, we should continu
e to see 
movement towards that 1.7, 1.8. 
And at those kinds of levels
, the store level RO ICs that our business generates is in the 
range of 40%. And I think these are store level RO
ICs that our older stores are 
demonstrably generating
, and as Gaurav had already mentioned that even those 
stores which are at 40% RO
ICs are still incrementally doing SS
SG, and then we've seen 
in this quarter in line or better than the company averages
. 
So, which means that the growth momentum
, and just does not stop even in the older 
cohorts. So, we feel quite comfortable and extremely confident of the progression that 

Q1FY27 | Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
our cohorts are making
, and the expansion in the broader inventory turn which will 
continue over the next four years
, each year. 
Ashish Kumar:
 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of 
Shrinarayan Mishra from Baroda 
BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
 
Shrinarayan Mishra:
 
So, our total store area has expanded by 25.5% year
-on-year while rent expense has 
grown by 35%. Now, there is a gap of 9.5% which will have element of annual escalation 
as well. But given that we are expanding in 
Tier -2 and 3 cities, ideally this gap should 
have been lower at even after incorporating the annual lease escalation. So why this 
number seems to be higher
, if you can throw some light?
 
Rumit Dugar:
 
Yes , so as I was explaining in one of the responses to a question asked earlier, in our 
category all the unit economics productivity, cost structures 
etcetera . we look at it at 
a per -store level. So, while the rent per square feet in a 
Tier -2, Tier -3 might be lower, 
but on an absolute basis we 
take up larger space. It also gives us greater frontage, 
greater visibility. There's a lot of advertising that we run even on our store frontages, 
which acts as billboards 
etcetera. 
So fundamentally at a per
-unit cost level or a monthly rent basis or an annual rent 
basis, it's not very different as we get into 
Tier -2, Tier -3. Second part is that given the 
revenue productivity that our older cohorts generate and the revenue productivity 
that we see at the store levels, rent as a percentage over a period keeps coming down
, 
and it becomes over time a very small number in the overall store level unit 
economics. 
So really unlike most other categories where merchandise is a function of square 
footage, the revenue productivity is a function of square footage, that's not really the 
case here given the size of the individual products and inventory. So that linkage I 
think is not the right way to look at it. I think a per
-store kind of unit economics is the 
best way to see it , and I think that's reasonably stable.
 
Shrinarayan Mishra:
 
So, what is the annual lease escalation that is built in?
 
Rumit Dugar:
 
Typically, about 3% to 5%. 
Shrinarayan Mishra:
 
3% to 5%. Okay. So, to your point that the store sizes are bigger in 
Tier -2 and 3 cities, so 
that's why I was comparing the area, square feet area
, and not the number of store 
counts, still there is a gap. 
So, which is what I'm not able to correlate
? 
Rumit Dugar:
 
No, but at our scale, there are different mixes
 and different localities, which locations 
the stores are in. So, I think best is to just do a per
-store based metrics and you will see 
that that number is very stable
. 

Q1FY27 | Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Shrinarayan Mishra:
 
Okay. Got it. And last very short question on what would be the studded mix in this 
quarter? 
Rumit Dugar:
 
57%. 
Shrinarayan Mishra:
 
57%. Okay, thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question and conclude the 
question -and -answer session. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rumit Dugar for 
his closing comments.
 
Rumit Dugar:
 
Thank you everyone. Thank you for joining the call today. Look forward to seeing you 
through the quarter , and on the next quarter's call. Bye
-bye and have a good day . 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of BlueStone Jewellery and Lifestyle Limited, that concludes 
this conference call. Thank you for joining us
, and you may now disconnect your lines
. 
(This transcript has been edited, without altering the content, to ensure clarity and improve readability.)
 
 
For further information please contact:
 
 
BlueStone Jewellery & Lifestyle Limited
 
investor.relations@bluestone.com
 
 
EY LLP Investor Relations
 
Diwakar Pingle: diwakar.pingle@in.ey.com
  
Rhea Dharia: Rhea.Dharia@in.ey.com  
Avantika Mishra: Avantika.Mishra@in.ey.com
  
 
 
 
