Indian Energy Exchange Ltd
Registered Office: C/o Avanta Business Centre, First Floor, Unit No. 1.14(a), D2, Southern Park, District Centre, Saket, New Delhi–110017, India
Corporate Office: 9th Floor, Max Towers, Sector 16B, Noida, Uttar Pradesh–201301 , India
Tel: +91-011-3044 6511 | Tel: +91-120-4648 100 | Fax No.: +91-120-4648 115
CIN: L74999DL2007PLC277039 | Website: www.iexindia.com
Dated: July 31, 2026
The Manager
The Manager
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Corporate Relationship Department
Listing Department
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1
Dalal Street
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex
Mumbai- 400001
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400 051
Scrip Code: 540750
Symbol: IEX
Sub: Transcript of the IEX Analyst Meet 2026 held on July 24, 2026.
Dear Sir / Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, please find the attached transcript of the IEX Analyst Meet held on
July 24, 2026.
The above information will also be made available on the website of the Company:
www.iexindia.com
You are requested to take the above information on record.
Thanking You.
Yours faithfully,
For Indian Energy Exchange Limited
Vineet Harlalka
CFO, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No. ACS-16264
Encl: as above
VINEET 
HARLALKA
Digitally signed by 
VINEET HARLALKA 
Date: 2026.07.31 
18:22:15 +05'30'

1 
 
IEX Analyst Meet 2026 - Full Transcript 
 
Aparna Garg:  
Hi, Good Evening Everyone and Welcome to the Analyst Meet of Indian Energy Exchange. 
Most of you already know me, but for others, I am Aparna Garg. I am heading Corporate 
Communications and Investor Relations at IEX. We will soon be starting the event with 
opening remarks from our Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Satyanarayan Goel, followed 
by detailed presentations by the Management Team, represented by Rohit Bajaj, JMD, Vineet 
Harlalka, Company Secretary and CFO and Amit Kumar, Executive Director. The presentation 
and the audio recording will be available on our website as well as the stock exchanges. I now 
request Mr. Goel to please come and make the opening remarks. Thank you.  
 
Satyanarayan Goel:  
Good Evening Friends! I welcome you all to the IEX Analyst Meet 2026. Today, I along with 
the Management Team of IEX will brief you about our business performance, our strategy and 
future outlook and we will also try to address your queries.  
Friends, India continues to remain one of the world's fastest growing major economies 
delivering a GDP of 7.7% in FY’26. This was supported by domestic consumption, expanding 
capital investment and steady industrial and services momentum. RBI has projected GDP 
growth rate of 6.6% for FY’27, a resilient trajectory even as global headwinds persist. 
Sustained investment and capex cycles are laying the foundation for a 5 trillion (dollar) 
economy before 2030.  
On the power sector front, India's overall electricity consumption during FY’26 was 1708 
billion units. This was largely flat on a year-on-year basis because of good monsoons last year 
and a mild summer. But this year, right from the month of April, the summer has been very 
harsh and we have had less rain. So peak demand was almost about 271 gigawatt in the 
month of May and even in the month of July it almost touched about 271 gigawatt with about 
12% increase in peak demand and 8% to 9% increase in energy consumption.  
To meet India's growing power demand, last year capacity addition of 58 gigawatt across 
thermal and renewable capacity was done taking India's total installed capacity to 533 
gigawatt, out of which 275 gigawatt was the renewable capacity. We have achieved more 
than 50% of installed capacity as renewable capacity, the target which was to be achieved by 
2030 as per the Paris Agreement. In fact, we have achieved that (target) four years in advance.  
And the CEA projects installed capacity of almost about 950 gigawatt by 2030 and out of that 
almost 66% is going to be renewable.  
Over the past year, the major development has been in the energy storage space. As you are 
aware, the cost of battery has come down significantly in the last 3-4 years. Battery cost has 
come down by almost 70%. The arbitrage available in the market last year, which was a year 
where prices were not very high, in spite of that, we found that arbitrage of 4.5 rupees for 
almost about 550 cycles of 2 hours being available in the market. This provides a compelling 
case for battery energy storage systems addition on merchant basis. And we have seen 
Juniper Green Energy followed by Acme and Adani Green, (they) have set up battery on a 
merchant basis and selling power in the market on the exchange platform. So a new class of 

2 
 
market participants has come on the exchange platform. We find that storage and FDRE 
contracts are together going to provide a lot of liquidity on the exchange platform in future.  
On the fuel side, last year (coal) fuel production was more than 1 billion tonne, which was a 
record production. And there was ample supply of coal. Power stations had almost about 25 
days of inventory which was an all-time high and, in this year, also in the first four months of 
this year there was enough coal available for meeting the demand of thermal power stations 
in the summer months. So, I am sure coal is not going to be a problem in the future also.  
Let us now talk about the important regulatory updates and the policy initiatives of the 
Government. 
• The Ministry of Power has released a draft National Electricity Policy (NEP) and what 
we hear is that this policy is going to be taken up for approval by the Cabinet maybe 
in the month of August-September. This policy is charting India's power sector 
roadmap aligned with Viksit Bharat goals targeting per capita electricity consumption 
of almost about 2,000 units by 2030 and 4,000 units by 2047.  
• The draft policy prioritizes cost-reflective tariff norms, a phased reduction in cross-
subsidies, and TOD pricing to improve efficiency and strengthen discoms finances. As 
per the draft, in order to promote competition, State Commissions may allow multiple 
licenses in the same area. This is something which is being debated extensively these 
days. 
• The draft policy emphasizes the role of resource adequacy at the Center and State 
level to better manage Distributed Energy Resources (DERs) and ensure grid stability. 
In fact, many of the States have already started doing resource adequacy. CEA has 
come out with a software and many of the States have started entering (into) long-
term contracts and ensuring resources at their disposal. 
• For deepening of power markets, suitable policy and regulatory framework shall be 
established for generation capacity addition through market mechanisms such as 
bilateral contract for difference. Further, the draft proposes: 
o Electricity from long-term PPA may be increased through the Exchanges. This 
is something which was discussed in 2018 also and this policy also envisions 
that long term contracts in future should be routed through the Exchanges.  
o Central Commission will also explore introduction of capacity market in a 
phased manner to ensure required capacity addition.  
o Market based system for consumer participation via demand response 
individually or through aggregators shall be promoted.  
o Regulatory framework to enable aggregation of Distributed Renewable 
Energy, small storage systems, and demand response mechanisms to increase 
market participation needs to be developed. This is something which I think is 
the need of the hour. And the India Energy Stack which is now being worked 
out, I think this will go a long way in providing demand response in the market 
and developing the local energy market. I think one of the immediate 
beneficiary of this will be the P2P market. 

3 
 
o Appropriate Commissions shall facilitate long-term open access for consumers 
by ensuring stable and predictable open access charges, along with 
unidirectional and progressively reducing trajectory of cross-subsidy and 
additional surcharge. 
o In addition to market-based procurement, SCED and SUC needs to be 
expanded and this needs to be implemented at the State level also. Today it is 
being done at the Central Generating stations. This needs to be extended to 
the State generating stations also.  
o CERC has already issued a Staff Paper for the Capacity Market in India and 
power exchanges are well positioned to facilitate transparent and competitive 
capacity auctions. 
o CERC has also issued a discussion paper on Strengthening and Scheduling 
Timelines for Real-Time Market. The paper proposes reduction of RTM auction 
window from 15 minutes to 5 minutes. Today, for submission of bids in the 
RTM segment, a 15-minute window is provided. They are proposing to reduce 
it to 5 minutes and thereby reducing the gate closure time from 75 minutes to 
50 minutes because they (CERC) will cut down the time in other activities also 
after the RTM market. And I am sure this is going to enable forecasting and 
managing renewables more efficiently and will also enhance liquidity on the 
exchange platform.  
• On the market coupling front, CERC has issued draft regulations in the month of April 
and they have proposed Grid India as the Market Coupling Operator (MCO). Following 
the submissions and comments, public hearing was held on 10th of June. While details 
on market coupling will be shared in the detailed presentation by my colleague Mr. 
Rohit Bajaj. I would like to mention that we continue to engage actively with the policy 
makers and regulators and are also exploring the legal recourse available to us.  
The CERC in the order of July 2025, had mentioned that they want to implement 
market coupling in the Day Ahead Market. And they had also mentioned that in case 
of Real-Time Market, since the timelines are very tight for the bidding and the auction 
process, this will be considered subsequently. So as of now, the intent is to do coupling 
in the Day Ahead Market. And in fact, in the Real-Time Market, (in light of the) 
discussion paper for Shortening the Scheduling, i.e. reducing the gate closure time 
from 75 to 50 minutes where RTM bidding time will be reduced from 15 to 5 minutes. 
I think coupling will become further difficult.  
In case of Day-Ahead Market, in the last three years we have done lot many customer-
centric activities. We have done lot of technological interventions and as a result of 
that we believe that our customer engagement has significantly increased. We have 
done API integration with our customers for the purpose of bidding and also for the 
purpose of back office, which will provide a “tight coupling” (in fact) with customers. 
We have also done a lot of work in providing data analytics to our customers. We keep 
interacting with the customers, understand their problem and try to provide solutions 
to them. And I am sure with the kind of trust which we have built over the years in 
these last 18 years, we should be able to retain significant market share even in the 

4 
 
Day-Ahead Market. So I am sure that even if coupling is implemented, it may not have 
significant impact as far as the market share is concerned. In fact, you know, there was 
a time 6 to 7 years back, that the Day-Ahead Market used to be almost about 95% of 
our total volume. In the last 5-6 years, after the introduction of Real-Time Market, and 
the G-DAM Market, the Day-Ahead Market share has been reduced to almost about 
40%. In this market, (even) after coupling with the customer-centric activities done by 
us, even if there is an impact, it may be about 20, 30, 40% (in DAM). So, as far as 
business is concerned, I do not think it is going to be significant.  
While IEX business and financial performance will be detailed by Mr. Rohit Bajaj and Mr. 
Vineet Harlalka, I would say that our performance continues to be very robust. FY’26 saw 
annual electricity trade of 141 billion units, a growth of 17% over the previous year, and with 
consolidated revenue growth of 13.6% at Rs.747 crore. And our PAT was Rs. 492 crore with 
an increase of almost about 15%.  
The Real-Time Market was the standout growth story, where the volume increase was almost 
about 41%. And today, RTM market is as big as the Day-Ahead Market. For the first quarter 
of this year, we achieved electricity volume of 37.5 billion units, registering a growth of 16%. 
And our consolidated revenue was 202.8 crore rupees, while PAT was 134.8 crore rupees with 
a growth of 12%. 
On the product front, we continue to engage with CERC for approval of new products. We 
have already filed an application with the CERC for approval of Green RTM Market, Peak 
Power Contracts for DAM and RTM, and also for enhancing the Term Ahead Market contracts 
from 3 months to 11 months. I am sure as and when these contracts are approved, it will lead 
to further deepening of the electricity market on the exchange platform.  
Friends, as you are aware, our gas exchange has completed 5 years of operations and its 
business performance has also improved significantly. In this last year, they did a volume of 
almost about 76.8 million MMBtu of gas with a profit of 42 crore rupees and with a growth of 
28% on a year-on-year basis. In this quarter also, they have achieved a trade of 27.5 million 
MMBtu of gas with profit of 16 crore rupees. As you may be aware that we have already filed 
a DRHP (Draft Red Herring Prospectus) for IPO of IGX as we today hold 47.3% in IGX. As per 
PNGRB (Petroleum and Natural Gas Board) regulations, we have to bring this down to 25% 
within 5 years. In fact, this 5-year period was over in the month of December 2025. So, we 
took an extension of one year from the PNGRB. And therefore, to sell this 22.3% equity, we 
have offered that in the IPO.  
As envisaged by the Honorable Prime Minister, India aims to achieve energy independence 
by the year 2047. As India marches towards its net zero target of 2070, power exchanges will 
have a significant role to play in the country's energy landscape. With India's GDP projected 
to grow at a rate of 6-7% per annum in the near term, power demand is expected to approach 
almost about 2,700 billion units with a peak demand of 388 gigawatt by FY’32 and power 
exchanges remain poised for growth and innovation.  
India's power sector continues to experience a fast-paced transition. The government's focus 
on green hydrogen, data centers, AI economy, electric vehicles, pump storage, battery energy 
storage – all these will lead to innovation of new products and market segments on the 
exchange platform. Battery Energy Storage Systems and FDRE Round the Clock tenders are 

5 
 
gaining traction. To further deepen the Green Market, we have continued to advocate 
market-based options like CfDs, Virtual PPAs and Merchant models for RE capacity additions. 
And going forward with large-scale Rooftop Solar, we see the emergence of local energy 
markets, local energy market ecosystems where exchanges will play a central role. I think P2P 
is one such activity which is going to happen in the near future.  
Friends, with the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change having issued final 
notification on the greenhouse gas emissions intensity targets for obligated entities across 
seven sectors - aluminium, chloralkali, cement, pulp and paper, petrochemicals, petroleum 
and textile, along with draft targets for iron and steel - these developments have laid the 
foundation for trading of Carbon Credits and we are expecting carbon trading to start within 
this calendar year. In fact, BEE has said that they want to start it by 1st of October 2026.  
We are also now taking forward India's first coal exchange. Ministry of Coal has already 
notified the rules for the coal exchange and we with the approval of the (IEX) Board have 
already incorporated Indian Coal Exchange Ltd – a separate company for this purpose. As per 
the rules, within six months of operation of coal exchanges, coal cannot be traded on any of 
the e-auction platforms or cannot be sold through the marketplace. That means all coal 
transactions will have to happen through the exchange platform only and today we find that 
almost about 120 million tonnes of coal is being traded through the e-auction platforms and 
other marketplaces. In fact, captive and merchant coal production itself has increased to 
almost about 200 million tonnes and this is going to increase further. So this will provide a big 
opportunity for the coal exchange. Ministry of Mines, has also come out with draft regulations 
for a mineral exchange because this government is trying to bring in transparency in trade of 
all commodities and I am sure this also will be notified very shortly. This will provide another 
diversification option for us. With this I will now request Mr. Rohit Bajaj to share his 
presentation. Thank you.  
 
Rohit Bajaj:  
Good Evening Everyone! Thanks for joining us today. It is my pleasure to once again welcome 
you all to the IEX Analyst Meet. 
We sincerely appreciate your continued interest in the company and today we want to share 
our perspective with you. I am going to talk about the business in the next 30-40 minutes and 
the presentation is structured into three different parts.  
First, I would be talking about IEX as a Group Entity. In the last couple of years we have evolved 
from just being an electricity trading platform or electricity exchange to a marketplace which 
is quite diversified, which deals in various energy commodities and also in various 
environmental products like issuance of I-RECs, RECs, carbon credits and now also in another 
energy commodity like coal which we are going to start very soon. All of these have strategic 
importance and they play a critical role. Then we also will be touching upon an overview of 
how the opportunity space lies for them.  
The second part is related to our perspective on the energy sector - What's happening, where 
it is going and where lie the opportunities for us? And you will agree with me, globally as well 
as in India, things are changing at a very fast pace. Supply demand dynamics have changed 
completely. In fact, as we all know, in India majority of the power is traded under long term. 

6 
 
This has been true for conventional (generation), and this has been true for all the renewable 
technologies that we have seen. But suddenly this model has also changed. Today majority, 
almost 80% of battery (BESS), that has got commissioned in the country, majority of them, 
are traded on a merchant basis. They are using the exchange platform for the purpose of 
selling and these are all big names. They have huge plans.  
Further, the market is moving towards becoming more and more granular. Earlier it used to 
be one hour trading. We (IEX) started with 15 minutes. In fact, in Europe very recently they 
moved to 15-minute trading. And in India we are now talking about 5-minute (trading). We 
are moving closer to the real time. One hour before we are trading in the Real Time Market 
and Real Time Market has been growing leaps and bounds. But suddenly now the CERC has 
released a paper where they want to bring it even closer to real time dispatches. The 70-
minute period which is there, has been proposed to be reduce to 50 minutes. So, these are 
some of the global trends and we are not far behind. And one thing I must say and you will 
appreciate, in all these trends one thing is common - market is definitely going to play a very 
important role. Gone are the days when we will have 100% flexible (markets) long-term PPAs. 
It is no more, it is not going to be there. In fact, in the current long term PPAs, Government 
has come out with new policy initiatives where all the un-requisitioned surplus is coming to 
the market. So these are some of the noteworthy changes. We will be talking about it.  
And then finally, we would be spending some time on a detailed discussion on what are the 
growth drivers for our electricity business - which is our bread and butter, 90% of revenue or 
80% plus revenue comes from there and we would be dealing with this in detail. There are 
certain products which are there in the pipeline, we will also evaluate how has been the 
performance of various product segment. What new is happening on the policy side? There 
is the NEP which is there - the draft is going to be finalized very soon. There is the Act 
Amendment Bill which is being talked about. And in all these places there are certain elements 
which we can discuss, which are going to benefit the market as a whole.  
This is where we are today (Pointing to Presentation Slide 1). IEX as you know got established 
in 2008, publicly listed in 2017. Leading energy exchange for all these years, we have always 
been maintaining 80-85% market share. Huge participant base, 9,000 plus participants, all 
distribution utilities are with us, all renewable merchant generators are trading with us, all 
conventional IPPs are also registered with us. Last year we did 141 billion units (electricity) 
trade which is a little over 8% of the (country’s) total consumption. Earlier we used to talk 
about 4%, 5%, 6% but we have reached a decent level – at 8% through platform is not a small 
number. We are growing very fast and you know what sort of growth we have seen in the last 
couple of years.  
Then we have IGX which is our associate company established in 2020. This is the only natural 
gas exchange which we have in the country today. Here also one unique thing is, everybody 
who deals with natural gas is registered with us. There are 50 plus - all PSUs, private sector 
companies - all of them are there. There are 200 registered clients with us and they participate 
on a daily basis. Nearly 77 million MmBtu (natural gas volumes) we have traded last year. 
Growth was around 30% and year before growth was about 50%. The PAT number today 
stands at about 42 crore rupees.  
ICX, though the numbers are modest as of now, but this has very strategic importance in our 
overall portfolio. This is our play on the environmental product side. We are the sole issuer of 
I-RECs (International RECs) in the country. Numbers have grown. You can see 200% growth 

7 
 
that we have registered last year. Couple of things which are happening here which we would 
be dealing with in the subsequent slide which makes it quite a promising segment going 
forward.  
Indian Coal Exchange, as Mr. Goel talked about, we have a detailed slide on it. We will be 
dealing with that. But the current rule provides for good liquidity right from day one. So if 
(coal) e-auction platforms are not going to be there, somebody like M-Junction and MSTC Ltd, 
those who are trading almost 70-80 million tonnes of coal in a year, if those are not going to 
be there, then exchange is going to be the direct beneficiary. Then there is so much happening 
on the commercial coal side, so much happening on the captive side. Today, captive coal 
producers are also allowed to sell up to 50% of their total production in the market. These are 
some of the developments. We are hopeful that with these rules in place the time has come 
when we should be creating a multiple buyer-seller model that moves away from e-auction 
platforms and comes to the exchange model where real price discovery can happen and 
participants can take advantage of the liquidity which will be created.  
IEX, one thing is for sure and you will agree with me, 6-7% is what the (GDP) growth has been 
projected for coming years. The electrification of economy is happening in a big way. 
Renewable capacity is getting added, data centres are very promising where we are seeing 
lot of demand and we have seen in many other countries. In India also it has started. Per 
capita we are at quite a low level, nearly 1,300 per unit, and this is set to increase by 2030 to 
2,000 per unit. Going beyond up to 2047 it should be 4,000 per unit and these numbers are 
indicating that there would be growth. And if there is growth, then a platform like ours which 
is the leading player, which is the leading electricity trader will get benefited by that.  
IGX, as I mentioned, the Government’s vision is to increase the (gas consumption) basket 
which is currently at 6% to 15% by 2030. Again, there are multiple factors which will decide 
whether we will reach there or not. The geopolitical situation which is there, we suffered 
(because of it) this year. But going forward, the vision is very clear. To accommodate more 
and more renewable, we need flexibility in the system. Now this is one technology (source) 
which can provide flexibility. Gas can ramp up easily, it can ramp down quite easily. Pricing 
definitely is a challenge. But yes, there is a vision. Let's see where we reach. Infrastructure is 
expanding. More and more lines are getting commissioned. We are creating multiple hubs for 
this trading. And domestic gas production has also started participating on the exchange 
platform.  
There is some opportunity available for ICX. I would again say this is a very small modest 
number but the granularity will increase. So today when we say I-REC or carbon market or 
let's say RECs, these certificates are not time stamped. These certificates are traded on the 
basis of time (globally). Total renewable that has been injected irrespective of the fact 
whether it was injected during the day-time, evening-time or night-time and when the 
counterparty, the obligated entity is buying these certificates, they are also not accounting 
for these certificates on the basis of time or hour. So, time stamping is the new thing whether 
it is GHG protocol, Scope 2 which is about electricity or RE 300 or SBTI claims, granularity is 
something which is going to be there and this paves way for deepening of this market also. 
So, there would be more issuance, probably evening peak pricing would be very high and 
when the pricing would be high, there would be more investment which will come, there 
would be more participants who would be participating for the purpose of issuance.  

8 
 
Coal exchange as I said 1.2 billion (tonnes) is what we have today. It is expected that coal 
production in the country (is expected) would go up to 2 billion tonnes by FY’35 and this 
provides for a marketplace - a need for a multi-buyer, multi-seller, transparent ecosystem 
where robust price discovery could be there. It would not be so robust right from day one. 
Slowly, slowly liquidity will be built and subsequently supply would be there, quality 
improvement would be there, exchanges would also be dealing with margins, ensuring that 
timely payments are made. There are so many issues in the coal sector. Some of those issues 
would be solved when exchanges will (start to) play their part.  
Moving on to the exchange business (IEX) and let us see what the ecosystem looks like now. 
And this is one thing which we share every time. And one thing definitely is there, there is a 
focus on cleaner generation, numbers are ever increasing. But still predominantly we are coal-
based generating, overall mix is coal based - 70% is coming from coal based now. Though in 
capacity terms we are a little over 50%, but in energy terms we are still at about 24-25%. But 
challenges are there to be seen. It is difficult. Quite often we have heard about solar power 
not getting evacuated from the solar parks - that's a very common thing that we deal with 
though we have a very good transmission network in the country. It's an integrated market - 
all 13 bid areas that we have in the country, all are integrated. There is one price discovery 
99.9% of the time but still there are pockets, intrastate pockets which are there where 
evacuation of solar power is a concern and lot of solar power gets curtailed. Now curtailing 
solar power is a national loss. We have created those solar parks, generation is there but if 
we are not able to use it, it is going down the drain, which means it is not getting generated. 
And sometimes when you are not able to control this, it is being generated and then 
generators or IPPs are paying penalty on it because they are not able to evacuate it. This is a 
serious concern for which green corridors are being created and once we have these corridors 
in place, operationally, it will bring more power on the Centralized platform like ours and 
there would be more supply during the daytime. Even today, there is decent supply available 
but as far as the transmission system is concerned, we have the world largest network trouble 
free. Last 10 years-12 years we have tripled the regional transmission capacity. Today it is at 
120 gigawatt. It is set to grow to 168 gigawatt by FY32 and these numbers are remarkable, 
very good numbers. Distribution and the consumption sides, the last mile, here we have seen 
there were issues but here also some improvement is there. Reforms are underway. I would 
say last couple of decades there have been so many reforms which were introduced by the 
Central Government. Some of these things have worked and precisely for that reason we have 
seen the AT&C losses have come down to 15% now which was the target sometime back. In 
fact, if you see some of these private distribution companies, I was discussing with BRPL, BYPL 
they are at the level of 6% and it is no more AT&C, it is only technical. So, if they can achieve, 
others can also achieve. The rating has been improving, financial parameters are getting 
better day by day. If I compare FY’24 versus FY’25, in FY24 there were 16 discoms, those who 
were rated A+, and A, but last year this number has increased to 31. This is definitely one very 
big achievement that we have seen. So this was struggling some time back but things are 
improving now. Some more measures like LPSC (Late Payment Surcharge Rule) has helped 
distribution company and also IPPs. Now they (IPPs) are getting payment in time. When they 
are getting payment in time, they are able to buy coal and then supply to distribution 
company. And when they are getting cheap supplies coming from the PPAs, the overall cost 
burden is going down. So it is good for the system as a whole. We are also playing our part by 
ensuring that discipline is there and LPSC rule is working in a very big way. Another 
development which is happening here is distribution companies in a limited way are starting 

9 
 
to deploy more and more technology based tools. Now these tools are helping them optimize 
more. These tools are also helping them to forecast their demand as well as their generation 
pattern in a more accurate way and by doing that they are able to bring down the cost of 
balancing which was very high earlier, which is slowly coming down.  
(Capacity-wise) This is where we are currently - FY’26 total 533 gigawatt of capacity - expected 
to go to 958 gigawatt (by FY’32) and 66% of this capacity would be green capacity, which 
means that major traction is going to be on the green side. But we need base load 
requirement also. We are little different from other countries, other big countries where 
demand is not increasing so much. Our demand is increasing. So we have to invest in coal and 
thermal capacity also. But RE generation mix is expected to increase too. So overall in energy 
terms also capacity is going to be huge - 66% in terms of installed capacity and then bigger 
smaller number 40% in terms of energy mix.  
Now this is one important slide. I would be dealing with some component in detail but overall 
landscape is like this. When we talk about energy transition, when we talk about evolution of 
marketplace, one of the major element here is technology progress. We have seen what has 
happened in case of solar, what has happened in case of wind. The prices have come down 
drastically in last so many years. Localization is happening now. And distribution companies 
are no more buying solar alone. They are coming out with FDREs, they are coming out with 
hybrid models, they want hybridization with the best and other things. But one thing is sure, 
technology is ever evolving, things are changing fast. And the second thing that we have seen 
in last couple of years, there has been major drop in the battery storage cost. Rs.10.83 - 
probably each one of us will remember the JSW tender where the price discovered was 10.83 
rupees lakh per megawatt per month. That number has come down to less than 2 lakhs. I 
have one slide which I will be sharing with you. But because of that and for a country like us, 
where our hydro resources are limited, where we don't have much of gas to generate because 
of the cost, the balancing thing and the flexible thing is completely missing. Now it is very 
important for us to have BESS in place so that the system operator can manage the grid in a 
better way and grid security can be ensured.  
Indian Energy Stack (IES), a lot has been talked about this aspect also - similar to what we 
have achieved in case of UPI in the financial markets. This is something which we are trying 
to do in electricity. The seamless transition of data, the creation of local markets, peer-to-
peer trade, all these things will happen once we have that system in place. So, we are also 
part of this initiative as a sector expert and participating in development of this new 
technology which is there. AI enabled demand price forecasting, advanced analytics, we are 
also extending that. Amit will cover that (in his presentation). We have created certain 
chatbots which are AI enabled. Similarly, distribution companies also to the extent possible, 
they have started doing it and taking advantage of the technology which is there.  
Draft National Electricity policy talks about introducing competition, open access. Draft 
Electricity Amendment Bill also talks about certain sectors where all the charges we should 
remove and bring open access in place. So open access is very good for sector as a whole. It 
brings competition and then it provides opportunity for us to serve these consumers, whether 
C&I or consumers like railways, metros and data centers and what not.  
Renewable Consumption Obligation targets are very stiff. These trajectories are available till 
2030 and because of the stiff targets, this makes a compelling case for all obligated entities 
to come and participate in the exchange to buy and meet their obligation. Green Energy Open 

10 
 
Access is not moving as fast as expected but things are starting and this will also bring down 
the threshold limit. Today, threshold limit for open access is 1 megawatt. Green Energy Open 
Access provides for 100 kilowatt customer also to come on exchange and trade even smaller 
quantum and take advantage of open access. CCTS is carbon trading, something which we 
have discussed. Electricity derivative has started, not taken off in a big way. But today if you 
want to hedge, there is a tool available. You can go there. The progress is little slow but I am 
sure as more and more participants, C&I consumer will participate in open access, they will 
also start to move towards derivatives to hedge their position. PM Suryaghar Yojana has 
changed the complete landscape of how solar power is getting added in the country. Earlier 
it used to be only grid scale solar which was added. Today, in fact, in last couple of years or 
little more than one year there are more than 5 lakh households which got converted into 
this particular scheme - 30 gigawatt is what we have added. Majority, almost 80% is what we 
have added in last two years. So this has also taken off in a big way. And then there is shift 
towards RE storage, electrification of economy which is EVs. We cannot leave aside, leave 
behind EV. That has also started to happen now. Many States are coming with the policies to 
promote EV. More so after this Iran war where we have seen, we are dependent on energy 
from outside world. We must create our own capacity and EV is answer to that. Railways and 
data centers are what we are also trying to do. Distributed generation (DERs) is also coming 
in a big way. Small areas where you have generating stations, there are prosumers, there are 
DERs and if you have those things in place then it provides for or it paves the way for creation 
of local energy markets. So today we have a Central market but we might have to move in the 
direction of creating intra-State local markets where smaller participants can also play their 
role. Energy is evolving as a service. We are talking about price arbitrage. I have few slides 
which I will be sharing. FDRE, derivatives (of it) in the form of Contract for Differences, VPPAs, 
these have got a stamp (of approval) from CERC. Now this has been acknowledged as one tool 
where C&I consumers can enter these contracts and take advantage of green power 
penetration which is happening. And then we have also already discussed P2P trade. 
Nationwide automated transparent trading platform, physical delivery, this is what we have 
been dealing with. For derivatives we have a tie-in with MCX. NSE is also doing derivatives, 
but we are dealing purely, pure play with the delivery-based contracts, renewable energy 
certificates, energy saving certificates, carbon credits which are expected to come.  
We work very closely with State regulators. In fact, we are on the board of 13 State Advisory 
Boards. And here we tell them how States can take advantage of the market which is there. 
You must have heard about zero price in the real time market. When power is available at 
zero price or less than one rupee or fifty paisa sort of a price level, then why a should a 
generating station be, or why should a distribution company be generating their own power? 
They should replace that power with the market where it is so cheaply available. Such things 
we educate them about, we tell them. In many cases, we tell them they should open up their 
market to C&I, and of C&I consumers and allow open access. There by they can save lot on 
the subsidy burden for the state and also on the cross subsidy burden for the regulator for 
the tariff. So these are some of the things which we do. We are also on the board of 
association of power exchanges where 40 global power exchange participate and there we 
do lot of cross learning. We learn lot from US market, European market, Korean market and 
other places and try to implement whatever is possible in our case. As I mentioned, we have 
all the participants which are there. I will just quickly touch upon this.  

11 
 
We work very closely with State regulators. In fact, we are on the board of 13 State Advisory 
Boards. And here we tell them how States can take advantage of the market which is there. 
You must have heard about zero price in the real time market. When power is available at 
zero price or less than one rupee or fifty paisa sort of a price level, then why a should a 
generating station be, or why should a distribution company be generating their own power? 
They should replace that power with the market where it is so cheaply available. Such things 
we educate them about, we tell them. In many cases, we tell them they should open up their 
market to C&I, and of C&I consumers and allow open access. There by they can save a lot of 
the subsidy burden for the State and also on the cross-subsidy burden for the regulator for 
the tariff. So these are some of the things which we do. We are also on the Board of 
Association of Power Exchanges where 40 global power exchange participate and there we 
do a lot of cross learning. We have learn a lot from the US market, the European market, 
Korean market and other places and try to implement whatever is possible in our case. As I 
mentioned, we have all the participants that are there.  
I will just quickly touch upon this (Slide on Product Timeline).  Most of us are aware Day -
Ahead Market is what we started with in 2008, 2009 Term-Ahead Market came, and REC 
market started in 2011. Energy Saving Certificates, not a very liquid market, again not a very 
big segment, but this was done in 2017. 2020 was one significant, remarkable year for us 
because we introduced two new products which were very promising. In fact, we are seeing 
very good traction even now  - Real-Time Market was introduced in 2020, similarly, Green 
Market also started in 2020. In 2021, the Cross Border Trade (segment) was introduced. 
Today, Nepal Bhutan, they are participating both on the buy as well as sell side. Volumes are 
small because their size is small. But again, it is not so small. Three, four, five percent sort of 
monthly average transactions are happening. Term Ahead contracts got extended up to 3 
months in 2022 after the Supreme Court case got settled and in 2023 we introduced the High 
Price Day Ahead Market (HP-DAM), (High Price) Term Ahead Market and Ancillary Market. 
Unfortunately, all these three markets are not doing very well because liquidity is not there 
and then few things are in pipeline which I would be dealing in detail.  
 
Now if we have to see the product mix then a few years back, in fact 10 years back, in FY’16, 
the Day Ahead Market’s contribution in overall mix was 95%. Today, that number has reduced 
to 39%. Why? Because we have seen there has been so many new products that have brought 
down this number to less than 40%. And RTM, which is the most promising segment that we 
have today, has grown to as high as 34% by last year. We have seen 40% growth (in  RTM) last 
year and before that also the run rate was about 30-35% growth that we have been seeing 
every year. Similar is the situation in this Q1. We are up in RTM segment by about 25%. So 
this is one segment which has been doing very well and then TAM contracts, Green market 
that has again become substantial. This traction started just two years back and today it is 
about 7-8% (of the product mix).  
Now moving to the growth drivers. There are 5-6 growth drivers which are there and some of 
them we will deal in detail. First thing is about growth - 6-7% GDP growth is doable and we 
know that there is a strong correlation between GDP growth and electricity consumption. 
There are outlier years. (For example) Last year was an outlier. It was flat in terms of electricity 
growth but GDP growth was there. Q1 is surprising. The growth (economic) is same, in fact 
less as compared to Q4, but electricity demand grew by 11%, more than 10% in the month of 
June. Similarly 10% (growth) in the month of May. And for this sudden increase, weather 

12 
 
played a very important role. There was a heat wave, there was delayed monsoons and that 
helped this (demand). If not 11%, but 5 to 5.5% is what we are forecasting similar to what CEA 
has forecasted for next 7-8 years, which means that per capita consumption is going to grow 
and overall demand is going to grow. Now this is good for us because when demand is growing 
we are able to capture a large part of incremental demand on our platform. If you see power 
exchanges, all (power exchanges) put together grew by 18% last year. Demand growth was 
just 1%. So whatever incremental growth was there, majority of that came to exchanges 
because long term PPAs are not happening at the same pace. Even if PPAs are happening, 
then commissioning of those plants will take 5 to 6 years. So that time is available for us where 
the distribution companies are selling, they are buying, the diversity is playing its role and we 
are able to get that volume. This is one area where we are expecting huge growth. Add to 
that EV participation would be there, AC consumption is expected to grow to 9x level by 2050 
(IEA estimates are there). 
 
The second thing which we always talk about and I always give this example, when COVID 
happened, suddenly demand dropped by 25%. In that particular year, our volumes increased 
by 20%. How is this possible? Because when demand dropped, there were no buyers, prices 
also dropped. Majority of the time, prices were less than 3 rupees. In fact, for a complete 
year, average price was 2.8 that particular year. At that price point, there was huge potential 
available for distribution companies to replace their costlier power and buy cheaper power 
from exchange. You can see this illustration on the right-hand side (Presentation Slide). Any 
distribution company, they will have multiple generating stations where they have PPAs. They 
will have their own generating station, they will have NTPC allocation, they will have IPPs who 
are supplying to them. And on the basis of variable cost, they always stack them. So they try 
to do merit order dispatch. So what they do is that, to the cheaper generation station they 
give full schedule and to the costlier generating station they give less schedule. So here we 
have taken an example (on the presentation slide) where there is a generation plant with 
variable cost 5, another plant with 4.5, 4, 3.5 and so on. Now fixed cost is something which 
you have to pay on an annual basis, irrespective of whether you are drawing power from that 
particular generation or not. Fixed cost is sunk cost, you have to pay. Now what you have to 
do is, you have to compare constantly. First you have to do it on a Day Ahead basis, then you 
have to do it on real time (RTM) basis. You have to constantly compare variable cost of these 
plants with the market. Now we have taken one example when the DAM average price is 4 
rupees. So what can a distribution company do? They can place their bid at let us say 5 rupees 
trying to replace Genco 1 and if their bid is cleared, they will shut down this plant. They will 
put this plant under reserve shutdown. Now they can buy, they can take power from the 
market because their bid was at 4 rupees. Since the price is 4, entire thing (bid) is cleared. 
Now they have an option to replace that.  
Now every time this may not be possible. What we have seen in the last couple of months 
when the prices were very high is that there is another opportunity available. During the day-
time even in the highest demand period, crunch period, average price during the day time 
was 2 rupees. When you have day time price at 2 rupee and your generating station is at 5 
rupee and generating station variable cost is same round the clock basis, so what you can do 
is at least during the daytime, back down your generation and to that extent buy from the 
market. And this is precisely what we tell them. We do a lot of advocacy with the distribution 
utility and you can see these numbers. AP (Andhra Pradesh) saved 2,350 crore rupees. This 

13 
 
was in the COVID times. But very recently in FY’26, Telangana saved almost about 700 crore 
rupees by doing just this. This is such a great opportunity for all distribution companies and 
there are so many case studies. We publish them, we tell them how they can take advantage 
of it and more and more State utilities are taking help of consultants, they are deploying tools 
and we are also helping them by creating or helping them in the way of implementing some 
IT solutions. By doing that the overall potential is huge, up to 10% of the power can be 
replaced by participating in the market – this is 10% of the power which is tied up under long 
term PPA (and that number is 85%). So currently we (exchanges) are 8%. Similar sort of 
potential exists where the replacement can be done. Leave aside months like Summer months 
when the peak pricing are very high but even in those months there is great opportunity to 
replace the solar power.  
 
The second opportunity which comes for exchanges in is in the form of regional diversity. We 
know that there are certain States where the solar presence is there, places like Gujarat, 
Rajasthan; wind presence is there in Tamil Nadu. Some others have very high hydro potential 
States like Uttarakhand, HPE. And demand is never the same. Demand is always fluctuating. 
It may be high during the daytime, peak time, again it will increase. For all these hilly States, 
it will go down drastically in the night-time. But your generation is not matching your demand 
curve. So many a times you will have surpluses, many a times you will have shortages. So 
there would be a scenario when South is in surplus and North is in shortage. Similarly, vice 
versa also. Diversity is where the central platform like IEX can take advantage of it. And today, 
if you minutely see the numbers, who are the big participants, you will find that more than 
50 percent of sell actually comes from State utilities – DISCOMs - they are the biggest sellers. 
80 percent of buy or 85 percent of the buy is by distribution utilities. So DISCOM is buying, 
DISCOM is selling. They have lot of power available under PPA but there is a diversity, 
somebody is surplus they are selling, somebody is deficit they are buying and because of that 
we are able to gain a lot on account of diversity. And second thing is Demand Shifting is 
happening. Regulators today are pushing for demand shifting. We have seen in case of 
Maharashtra, TOD (Time of Day) tariff more than 20% rebate has been given if you are buying 
during the daytime. Evening the 20% tariff is more. Similarly, it is being done everywhere. 
Why is it so? Because during the daytime, so much sell is available and you can see in this 
graph (Presentation Slide) yellow portion, lot of sell is available during the day-time at 
exchange. Similarly, and why it is available on exchange because all States are surplus. When 
they are surplus, they are trying to sell. But in the evening, there is lot of demand which is 
there and we are not able to meet the full demand. So they are trying to shift their demand 
from evening to day hours. Now if they are doing that, we have so much surplus available, If 
you are shifting the demand, that demand will get cleared, those bids will get cleared because 
the prices are so low. So that's another opportunity which is available for us and you can see 
in the bottom blue (Presentation Slide) is demand met for 24 hours on 30th May 2019. It was 
almost a flat straight line and you can see in the evening peak demand was there but if you 
see now which is 2026 peak demand is somewhere near 3 pm when the solar generation is 
there. Evening is not so high. Evening is still high but lot of shifting has happened wherever 
possible State distribution utilities are shifting at least their agriculture demand to the 
daytime. By certain estimate there is 50 gigawatt of additional potential there where shifting 
can happen and this can be done not in a year, it will take some time by FY’35, we expect this 
shifting can be done.  

14 
 
 
As I said (earlier) capacity addition is going to be there. We have seen a lot on the renewable 
side but on the thermal side also 80 gigawatt of capacity addition is in the pipeline and 41 
gigawatt is already under construction where PPAs have been signed. There is another 20 
gigawatt where the contract has been awarded to the suppliers and 16 gigawatt is under 
various stage of planning. So 80 gigawatt capacity will come, which will help us in meeting our 
base load requirement as we are set to grow and this is again by some way or other will come 
to exchange  - If not directly, through the demand diversity that I have explained, State 
distribution utility will be bringing this capacity on the exchange platform. Similarly, as the 
thermal capacity addition will be there, coal production is also going to increase and captive 
coal mines and the current e-auction is going to help that.  
 
Now another very important new market model which has evolved, which I touched upon 
where majority of the developers who are operating is in the BESS space. They are trying to 
create merchant capacity. Why are they doing this? Because the market is providing a lot of 
arbitrage (opportunities) to them and you can see I have brought these two (Presentation 
slide) graphs. One is representing the summer month of May and the second is representing 
a Winter month. You can see this, just a minute let me use the pointer. You can see here 
(summer chart) there is so much surplus solar power available during the day-time and 
because of that prices are going below 2 rupees. This is 2 (pointing to the chart) and you can 
see the price is below 2 rupees during the day-time. Every day almost 90-95% of the days in 
a year, evening prices are 10 rupees. Our cap is 10 and this price is being achieved almost on 
daily basis. So when you buy, let's say I have a BESS available, I buy during the daytime and 
sell during the evening time. This delta is available. I can sell at 10, buy at 2. Sort of 8 rupee is 
what I can make out of it. Now if you see in the winter months, instead of 1 you get 2 cycles. 
Winter months, night-time there is virtually no demand. India is not so cold so you don't need 
heating. Even fans are not there, air conditioning is out of question. So you get very low prices 
during the night-time. Early morning there are 2-3 hours when the prices are very high 
because there is a heating (geyser) and other loads which are there. But more so in Northern 
India. And then during the day-time when there is lot of solar, again there is a dip. And evening 
peak is always there because this is the time when commercial, domestic, everything 
overlaps. There is a lightning load additionally coming and there is a peak which is there. And 
this is also a time when solar has gone down and thermal generation is being ramped up. And 
during this ramp up process, it takes time and during this time, it touches 10 rupees.  So there 
are two peaks which are available in the Winter months. There is one peak which is available 
in the Summer months. And we have done analysis for FY’24, FY’25, FY’26. And we have to be 
mindful of the fact that FY’26 was an outlier year - very low prices, no demand increase, very 
good weather, very good monsoon, everything was an outlier, superb well placed you 
probably we will not get similar year in some times to come. Even after that you can see there 
are 545 cycles which were possible in the last year. So one cycle 365 days and second cycle 
also quite a quite a few days so about one and a half times. We can operate one and a half 
cycle on an average and what sort of arbitrage was available? For every cycle, arbitrage 
available in FY’26 was 4.81 rupees. Similarly, it was 5.03 rupees in FY’25 and 3.80 rupees in 
FY’24. Now this arbitrage, if you compare it with cost of battery for two cycle operation, this 
is beautiful. This is very, very good arbitrage. Now considering this, and another thing is, How 
will this arbitrage be going forward? Solar any which way is going to come, whether in the 

15 
 
form of Kusum or in the form of rooftop or some other solar edition is going to be there. 
Evening peak problem will remain because 80 gigawatt that we are talking today which is 
under pipeline it is going to take time. The majority of that capacity will come in FY’31, FY’32, 
FY’33 sort of timeline. So there is a window available where this arbitrage would be there and 
there are players who are seeing this and taking advantage of it. So, cost for a 2-cycle 
operation is much below 3.5 rupees and if you are able to get 4.81 rupees, 4.5 rupees sort of 
arbitrage available from the market, it makes a beautiful case. Similarly, if you see 4-hour 
cycle, one cycle in a day there also there is a great opportunity which is there and it's a no-
brainer. As per the current prices you have to take call on the basis of your assumption which 
are there for the future. But yes, there is huge potential which exists and precisely for this 
reason, whatever capacity has come, it has come on the merchant route. This is what I was 
referring to. ACME has started commissioning 3,200 MwH which is standalone merchant 
basis, Juniper has done 500 MwH again on a standalone merchant bases and Adani has done 
3,400 MwH which are again on a merchant basis. Gujarat has done some capacity which is 
under PPA. Similarly, there are certain pilots which are done by Delhi DISCOMs - Tata as well 
as BYPL - where they have created small capacity which are tied up under PPA or their own 
capacity, but this is the major chunk which is there and the entire thing is under long term 
PPA. Government is supporting this in a big way. There is financial support to the tune of more 
than 9,000 crore rupees where BESS VGF scheme has been launched and all tenders we have 
seen recently are under that particular scheme. There’s a lot of action there in terms of new 
tenders, many of these States are coming forward and trying to secure this capacity. On the 
basis of what we have seen in numbers, it is quite promising. There is a lot of opportunity 
which is available and developers are looking at it.  
Another thing which we know is FDRE - Firm and Dispatchable Renewable Energy. This is what 
distribution companies are considering today. They no more want solar profiles they already 
have. Everybody has that. So sometimes you can see this curve (on Presentation Slide) in April 
they want more power during night and evening peak and less during the day-time. So, when 
you have such requirement, you can come out with a tender of FDRE. There would be 
participation. Prices would be high. It would not be (the usual) 2.70 rupees (per unit), 2.60 
rupees (per unit) sort of tender. It would be more than 4, 5, 6 rupees depending on your 
profile, depending on the conditions of the tender. But this again is one segment which is 
happening in a big way. And there are a few things which are good for the exchange under 
this particular segment. When a developer is participating in FDRE, to meet this particular 
profile he has to create lot of over capacity. In the month of May, June, July, August, when 
wind is there, he can easily do that with the help of wind. But some other months when wind 
is not there at all, he has to be dependent on BESS or hydro or something else or probably 
buying from the market. So this provides market opportunity both on the buy side as well as 
the sell side. On the buy side, to meet your commitment of providing that profile you have to 
come to the market. On the sell side whatever surplus capacity you have created and this 
surplus is huge, sometimes as high as 40-50%, that surplus capacity you can bring in the 
market to sell at whatever price you can get. And since this is variable, this is uncertain, this 
is intermittent. You cannot enter into any bilateral contract. Whatever the surplus, you have 
to bring that particular surplus to the market.  
Some of you will agree with me, CfDs (Contact for Difference), we have been discussing for a 
long time. Very recently one development has happened where SECI has come out with a 
pilot project where 500 megawatt of CfD based contract will be created. Just to refresh your 

16 
 
memories CfD is where there is only power supply agreement between SECI and the 
developer. There is no PPA. So no State is entering into any sort of contract. What they 
(developer) will do is they will create that capacity and start selling it on exchange. The price 
certainty would be given by SECI to the developer, again on a reverse auction basis. Let us 
take an easy example of solar (price) is 2.70 rupees/unit. Then 2.70 rupees/unit is what has 
been ascertained to the developer for next 25 years. They will dispatch their power through 
market, they will not wait for PPAs to get signed. They will create that facility and start selling 
it on the market. Whatever they realize from the market, balance will be paid by SECI to them. 
Let's say market realization is rupees 2/unit, then remaining 70 paisa, will be paid (by SECI). 
Market is paying to them on a daily basis, SECI would be doing this adjustment on a monthly 
basis. Now let's say market realization is 3 rupees, then this 30 paisa surplus will be parked 
with SECI and whenever it is deficit they will be using it. So there is a pool which is there.  
Now, the pool will support the contract for difference model where the surplus and deficit is 
being taken care of. So this has been launched. So all the power which would be generated 
here will come in the market and the current contract which is there is not solar, (rather) good 
news is it's not solar. Solar, we already have so much supply available. It is a peak power 
contract. which means there would be peak capacity addition which will happen and this peak 
capacity will be coming to the market for dispatch and those who need, those who are willing 
to pay in the market, they will be taking this capacity.  
So this is one good thing which has happened and VPPAs is a similar thing, where you have 
Contract for Difference with the C&I consumer. In VPPA, what happens is that the C&I 
consumer enters into a contract and takes only green attribute - the REC part of it. All the 
power which is generated is sold in the market. And how does C&I get power?  They continue 
to buy power from the distribution utility. In both the models, whatever power generation is 
there, it comes on exchange and both the models are very popular. CFD is very popular in 
Europe where Germany and UK particularly have added entire renewable capacity through 
this model. VPPA is very popular in US where all big tech Google's and Amazon’s (of the 
world), they have multiple C&I contracts. In fact, in India also they have done few contracts 
and their surplus power or entire generation is coming on exchange.  
Local energy market is what we discussed because of DERs, because of prosumers, because 
of Intra-State Transactions. This is required and exchanges will have great role to play there 
as well and India Energy Stack will further enable it.  
For capacity market, again, a staff paper has been recently introduced by CERC. They have 
floated this and are number one talking about capacity market for short-term, then for 
reserve market, (number two), and then also for long term which can go up to 15 years. So it 
is being proposed to be done in three different buckets and it's a staff paper as of now. Once 
comments are invited, soon it will be finalized and then this will also be there and it also has 
great potential because currently we deal only with energy. Once we have this capacity 
market in place, utilities can buy capacity. And there is a dire need of this. We have seen 
multiple cases where one of the utility forecasted some requirement for next three months, 
but the monsoon was very good or something else happened and that demand never came. 
They ended up buying power at 8 rupees and then finally came to exchange and there were 
not many takers on exchange either. They sold the same power at 3 rupees. So instead of 
buying energy beforehand for three months, it's a great idea to secure that by way of entering 
into a capacity contract. Now this would be something like you have entered into a capacity 
contract for three months of 500 megawatts. Let's say whenever you need that power, you 

17 
 
have first right of refusal. So morning 9 AM  you will tell that buyer that I am keeping this 
500MW if you want I will schedule it to you, else I will be selling it on the exchange. So 
whatever quantity is scheduled, the tariff is in two part - for the capacity reserved for three 
months there is a capacity charge and for every energy that is being generated and supplied 
to the beneficiary there would be an energy charge. This is something which is required and 
we are hopeful that this will also see light of the day in let's say one or two year’s time.  
Ancillary market, we are already doing Tertiary but Secondary market is also something which 
is being considered. There is a requirement and BESS is something which can play a very 
important role as in when this capacity is there, sizable number is there, the ancillary market 
is also going to be a big beneficiary.  
Some of the products which are in the pipeline, say Green RTM. Currently there is only one 
RTM, but Green RTM and HP-RTM, we have identified that. Some of the green power is being 
traded under RTM segment and when it is traded there, neither buyer nor seller is getting any 
advantage of the green attribute. Because this particular segment i.e. Conventional RTM is 
not identifying power as green. So when somebody (green generator) is selling, he is not 
getting additional premium on selling green power.  Similarly, when the buyer is not getting 
premium because they are not able to meet their obligation. So, we have identified this and 
filed this (Green RTM petition). Hearings have been done, the order is reserved. We expect 
this order as and when it will come. We have our preparedness in place. As and when this will 
come, we should be able to launch this.  
Another area where we are seeing some opportunity is peak contracts. Peak pricing is very 
different from RTC or solar pricing. There is a need for promotion of BESS through markets or 
PSPs through market. There should be one special segment and again here also we have filed 
petition (with CERC). There has been very good response from all the developer as well as 
distribution utilities. The hearings have been done and the order is reserved. We expect this 
order to come very soon and then we should be able to launch that. A third contract which is 
in the pipeline is 11 months (Long Duration) DEEP. Currently it is up to 3 months, but we know 
that in India there is short-term seasonal requirement which is there. Today many people are 
targeting to buy power for Durga Puja period or Diwali period or coming Winter period. Those 
transactions are happening. We are not able to do that because we have a limitation of only 
up to 3-months. Once we have the 11-month contract, there is a DEEP market which is there 
with about 30 odd billion units which are traded, we should be able to get some chunk from 
there.  
LPSC rule we have discussed - all the un-requisitioned power which is there with Central 
Generating Stations - they have to essentially bring this power on exchange otherwise they 
will not get their fixed charges. This is precisely what LPSC rule is. And we are seeing good 
volume coming on exchange. In fact last (financial) year, we could trade about 8 billion units. 
This was the cleared volume. Bidded was very high - was 10 times of this. The cleared volume 
was also quite a decent number - 8 billion versus 141 billion units - what we did in the 
complete year. Currently it is only Central Generating Stations which are participating, IPPs 
and State Generating stations will also come. This number is set to grow. In the first quarter 
(Q1 FY’27) with the same Central Generating Stations we have done 3 billion units.  
Optimization potential we have dealt with in detail where I have shown the illustration, a lot 
of potential exists. You can replace RTC power, you can replace day-time power. It is not only 
for distribution utilities, same thing applies for C&I consumer also, wherever possible they 

18 
 
can also replace during the daytime. And carbon trading is something which is again in the 
pipeline and we expect that in FY’27 itself we should start trading in it.  
Some (key) policy initiatives and both of them- whether it is the draft National Electricity 
Policy or draft Electricity Amendment Bill, the core of both these initiatives is to promote 
competition. You will see there is a lot mentioned about deepening of the market. They are 
talking about bringing competition at the last mile which means if not retail immediately, but 
at least C&I should be allowed open access in the country as a whole. Charges related to open 
access are very high and it should go down. Some of the areas they have identified like metro, 
railways, data centers where they are saying there should be restrictive charges so that it can 
be promoted.  
I would again talk about this report which came in 2023, and such reports are once in a decade 
sort of thing, where they gave a roadmap on how market penetration will happen. And in the 
short-term, they said by short-term their idea was up to one year what could be done. They 
said in one year time ancillary market could be done, which has already happened. This came 
in 2023. Then they said market based RE, CfD and earlier today the point that we were 
discussing the – pilot is nothing but market-based RE, which has been implemented now. 
Resource Adequacy and Integrated Resource Planning. This was rolled out about a year back. 
All the States are pursuing it now. Wherever there are gaps, they are identifying how to fill it. 
So this thing has also already been done. Implementation of TOD and Demand response - 
TOD, we know that many States have come out with 20-25% discount during the daytime and 
charging heavily in the peak hour when the power is not available. So these aspects have also 
already been taken care of. Now for the medium term which is 1-2 years, the idea was to 
increase share of RE addition through markets. CfD and VPPAs are definitely one step in that 
direction. Now BESS is also bringing renewable in some form or other because charging of 
BESS is going to be through solar which is the cheapest power available, so this will also bring 
renewable. Demand Response Utility, this framework is  is available today. Some at State 
regulator level also this is being created and I would say this is in the pipeline, not much action 
we have seen, but definitely this is something which will happen. Short-term capacity 
contracts, we have seen that staff paper has come. It is running little late but should happen 
in a year's time and then the market for Secondary Reserve. Tertiary Reserves are being done 
when we have more BESS and more flexible resources available in the country then we can 
think of having more Secondary Reserves also in the system. The government is concerned 
about deepening of the market and necessary actions have been taken. There is a roadmap 
available and we are almost there, running a little late but doing all the ticks slowly. We are 
achieving everything.  
Now coming to the burning topic of market coupling. There was an order in the month of July 
Last year (2025), in fact, just about a year back, just exactly a year back, 23rd July. And that 
order said that CERC staff was directed to initiate the process of implementation of market 
coupling of the Day Ahead Market. The order went to the extent of giving a date also – it said 
this should be implemented by January 2026. Now, there were many flaws in this particular 
order and we went to APTEL and we challenged this order and some of the important things 
which we said were:  
• There was study (couple of studies done by NLDC - National Load Dispatch Centre) and 
(the outcome of) all those studies were never published. As per an earlier order there 
was clear-cut guideline given to the NLDC/Grid India to publish those studies on their 

19 
 
website, which never happened. So this was one thing which was never made public. 
Something which is not made public, nobody can see it, nobody can comment on that. 
• Second was, in the order it was mentioned that there is a saving to the tune of or social 
welfare maximization or increase in social welfare to the tune of 0.3%. Now 0.3% is 
insignificant - 0.3 percent gain is no (practically) gain. There are numerous studies 
which are available and in fact there are multiple solvers which are there which 
operate MILP (Mixed Integer Linear Programming algorithm) - the algorithm that we 
use for the purpose of price discovery - You use a different algorithm the result would 
be different. And every algorithm is operated for a given time. Our algorithm is set for 
15 minutes. If it will run for 15 minutes, at the end of 15 minutes whatever best result 
is there it will publish that result. And that is not necessarily a 100% optimized result. 
Now by any logic and every logic 0.3% is something which is highly insignificant. So the 
order was on the basis of that and we challenged it.  
• When you (CERC) are talking about social welfare gain of 0.3%, Why in the study it is 
not mentioned what sort of price increase is going to happen? And this social welfare 
gain which is happening, is it for buyers or is it for sellers? Those things are also not 
given. And it is not that we were asking from nowhere. All those things were 
mentioned in the initial order of February 6th that the welfare gain and the price will 
be published. Now suppose there is a welfare gain increase and there is a price 
increase also. This means that welfare gain is increasing for the seller and not for the 
buyer. And we have done our own simulation and precisely this is what is happening 
today. For the four months period they (Grid India) have run this pilot, social welfare 
increase (whatever has happened), has happened for the seller not for the buyer and 
effectively the price has gone up. And the price increase has been much more than 
0.3%. Now with that sort of study, with all these things not being made available to 
the public there is no case going ahead and precisely all these things we challenged.  
• There were some technical points also. The order said the decision would be taken 
through regulation. There was one regulation 39, which was there in the PMR and 
subsequently what happened was that this order (of July 23rd) came from nowhere. 
They decided on their own and no justifications. In the earlier one (order), the 
discussion paper, staff paper, there were certain questions raised. They never dealt 
with those questions. There were so many stakeholder comments which came to 
nearly 70% of the people (stakeholder comments) being opposed it. Those things were 
also not dealt with. So there were so many lacunas which were there. There was a 
transparency issue in the whole process and precisely for this reason we went to 
APTEL.  
In APTEL, after hearings happened, the order was released on February 13th 2026. In the 
order APTEL felt that IEX was not aggrieved at this point in time. So the APTEL order said 
the regulatory process will be followed for the purpose of implementing market coupling 
it will be done through the regulation and during the process of regulation, if you (IEX) are 
aggrieved, you should come to us. But at that point in time, APTEL’s order was very simple, 
it was just a one line - We are not dealing with all these issues, all the issues of merit, 
because IEX is not aggrieved at this point in time. They went to the extent of saying that 
all those things in the order (the July 23rd order) is arbitrary. It is not serving anything. It 

20 
 
was not required in first place. But at the end they said IEX at this point in time is not 
aggrieved. 
Then we went to the Supreme Court challenging this particular aspect of it that we are 
aggrieved then APTEL must go into the merit of it. Our case petition has been admitted, 
notice has been served and one hearing happened where the notice was served, and now 
on Monday (27th July) there is the second hearing. So that's the status as far as legal 
standing is concerned.  
As Mr. Goel said, we are dealing with all the policymakers, we are doing our advocacy and 
at the same time we are also exploring all legal aspects of what can be done. There is one 
more thing which I would mention here before moving to the next. Grid India recently 
submitted comments on the draft PMR (regulation). So there was an order in July (2025) 
and now recently CERC came out with a draft Power Market Regulation Amendment 
(Second Amendment) where the order said this is how coupling would be implemented. 
This is a three-pager order that puts everything on Grid India and says that Grid India 
would be preparing the procedure and all those things. The earlier questions and 
everything will be dealt by Grid India only. So now, Grid India themselves have raised 
certain points and these are very serious points which I thought I will share with you.  
• First, they (Grid India) said the scope is not clear. The pilot and everything was 
done only for them. But there is nothing called DAM market today. Today market 
is I-DAM (Integrated DAM). What would be the impact of (the order) on three 
layers - Green DAM, DAM and HP DAM on the total outcome that is not clear. So 
they are seeking clarification on whether it should be done for DAM or should it 
be done for all the three things And this is very complex. There is a lot of order 
carry forwards which are there. Those who want to buy green power, they shift 
their bid, they give us option to shift our bid from green to normal. Similarly seller 
also, they give multiple options to shift from here to here and here. So this is 
different price formation, three different price formations. So clarity is not there 
whether it is DAM or I-DAM.  
• Second thing they (Grid India) mentioned that industry grade robust clearing and 
engine software should be adopted, which should be scalable, number one, and 
which should be robust - robust enough to handle complex order types. Now, why 
have they (Grid India) written this? Because in their report they said they could 
not deal with some complex order type while doing the pilot study. The point three 
percent which came from a software which was not robust was incapable of 
dealing with certain order types and also it was done post facto basis. It is not an 
industry grade software. No audit was done. For example, our algorithm is being 
audited every year. There are agencies which will come and audit it and then say 
these numbers are fine. What they created was being done on post-facto basis 
and no audit was done. In fact, it could not deal with all the different complex 
order type which are there. So this is another point which they raised.  
• Earlier in the July order, it said exchanges would be running the algorithm on a 
round-robin basis. In the draft PMR, the draft changed the stand and are saying 
Grid India would be Market Coupling Operator (MCO). Now Grid India has 
reservations there. They said if we are MCO then there is a Single Point of Failure. 
It cannot happen. Even in Europe where coupling has been done to take advantage 

21 
 
of diversity, where coupling has been done to integrate different markets, there 
also there are lot of standbys which are there. There are 9 NEMOs who are 
operating this on round-robin basis. And there is so much multilayering which is 
there. So they (Grid India) said in India also there should be multiple exchanges 
that should also be allowed to do that. And if so many of them are doing this then 
we must also consider the cost part of it. For entities running software day in day 
out. there is a cost element to it. We must compare whether 0.3% is justified 
depending on the cost that we are going to incur.  
• They (Grid India) also said it's a big change. The procedure is to be created and if 
that is to be done, there should be a steering committee who should overlook all 
the changes or all the future developments and who should be part of this steering 
committee - CERC, Grid India, All Power Exchanges, market monitors, external 
experts - should also be part of that. So it's a complex thing and it is not something 
which Grid India can do on its own. It requires lot of efforts and lot of capacity 
creation before doing that.  
• Finally, they (Grid India) also said it involves a lot of inter-exchange settlement. 
Today business rules of all the exchanges are approved by CERC but they are 
dealing with their own clients, their own members. Now if you are going to be 
running coupling, then exchanges have to deal with themselves. There should be 
inter exchange settlement which will happen, and those things cannot happen 
through procedures. There should be a regulation because tomorrow if there is a 
dispute Grid India procedure cannot deal with that dispute. It will go to some 
higher court and it can only go to a higher court when there is some regulation 
which is there which is trying to deal with that. It is only if (the regulation or Grid 
India) are not able to deal then people will go to the next level.  
So that's on the coupling side. And moving to the last slide from my side, which is sort of 
summarizing what I have said. The objective for our business initiative is to serve the 
customer, create customer value and this we are doing for distribution companies and C&I. 
we are interacting with them, doing optimization, capacity building. A lot of workshops are 
being conducted by us. Similarly, C &I, we are still working on promoting open access, dealing 
with regulators, ensuring that C&I consumers can take advantage of the cost saving from 
cheaper power which is available. Suddenly merchant has become a buzzword. Conventional 
generation is also in the form of URS, in the form of whatever little merchant capacity there 
is, they are coming to the market and taking advantage. REC is another segment where 
obligated entities are taking part and trying to monetize whatever capacity they have created 
and whatever certificates are issued. With this I now invite my y colleague Amit. to take us 
through all the initiatives related to technology and customer centricity. Over to Amit. Thank 
you. 
 
Amit Kumar:  
Thanks, thanks Rohit. So as Rohit talked about in his presentation about how the dynamics of 
the market are making thinks quite complex with lot of new developments happening, which 
means that from a technology and products and solutions perspective also, the traditional 
forms of our members interacting with exchange doing the bidding, taking the bidding 

22 
 
decisions, there we need to implement solutions so that customers are able to efficiently 
utilize the platform and take the most advantage of it.  
So this is something that we identified a few years ago, and we started working on it.  With 
that objective, there are multiple areas of technology-focused, customer-centric solutions 
that we started working upon. The first was providing API based automated bidding solutions 
to customers. With real-time market getting launched, there was need to provide customers 
the solutions so that they can directly integrate their system with our exchange platform so 
that on a real-time basis they can do their bidding and take full benefit of the real-time 
market. And seeing the successful adoption of this bidding solution in the real-time market 
we extended this automated bidding solutions to other market segments also. We are seeing 
very very good adoption of this among our customer base.  
With regards I-DAM, if you see right now more than 70% of the cleared volume in I-DAM is 
contributed by members who use our bidding API solution.  
Now similar to bidding API, because any kind of trade that gets done eventually leads to lot 
of trade reports both on the scheduling and on the financial side for the customers, eventually 
they need to have these report data into their back office and financial applications for their 
subsequent processing and reporting activities. There also we identified that if we can provide 
our customers with API based automated solution which is going to enable them to do a 
seamless integration of their back-end efficient financial systems with our platform, then it is 
really going to make the whole trading and post trading activities very seamless and easy for 
our customers. With that objective, we also launched the post-trade reports and back-office 
APIs. And Even though this is something we have launched very recently, we have already 
seen very good adoption. And right now, if we see, in I-DAM, more than 50% of the cleared 
volume in I-DAM is by members who have already done this integration.  
Rohit in his presentation talked about the LPSC rules and the amendment around URS which 
resulted in good volume growth on our platform which is close to 8 billion units last year. This 
again, we looked at as an opportunity to provide auto-bidding solutions so that it is easy for 
customers to utilize. We continuously look at how can we provide solutions to our customers 
so that they can see the value that they get from the platform. And one example is, like from 
a payout perspective. Our SLA for payout is on the next day or bank clearing day post their 
delivery day. Which means that if today is the delivery that has happened, and the next bank 
clearing day we can have the payout process by maybe 5 pm. Instead, we have built close 
integration with our clearing banks to ensure that we are doing the payout into the seller\'s 
account by 11am in the morning itself so that then sellers have these funds available for their 
business operations activities including trading and also if people want to do some investment 
to overnight funds they can do that as well. Last year, we processed more than 40,000 crores 
into seller accounts and all within this SLA of having the payment credited into seller's account 
by 11am on the next clearing day of delivery.  
Given that there is a lot of data that we have about customers, about their bids, we can utilize 
this data to provide insights to customers so that they can do effective bidding decision 
making. If you see there are two kinds of data that we have - one is the market level data, 
which is public data. As per regulatory guidelines this data has to be public so you will find 
such data on our website as well about what is the cumulative bid volume, sell volume, 
cleared volume. clearing price across time blocks and across all other contracts. And then 

23 
 
there is another set of data which is the customer specific bid data. We looked at it as an 
opportunity that if we can provide deep insights to customers on market level data as well as 
individual customers bid data then that is something that will be really very useful for 
customers for effective bid decision making and get more value from the platform. So with 
that objective, we are currently providing multiple areas of big data analytics and insights to 
the customers and we continuously engage with our customers to identify other new areas 
in which we can provide analytic solutions and we keep on enhancing this.  
Some of these areas that are mentioned over here (pointing to presentation slide), like if you 
see the clear price insight, this is something which is market level data. But things like 
uncleared buy bids and sell bids is something which is a very specific customer bid level data. 
Similarly, DSM and RTM insights about how DSM is there for the customers and how 
effectively they could have reduced by using RTM is again a very customer specific insight. 
Effectively, we look at providing the market level (data) as customer level insights to really 
help the customers take effective bidding decision.  
Financial reconciliation is an important operational activity for customers and we have built 
solutions to provide very easy self-service based financial reconciliation to our customers. For 
this we have provided them multiple options through which they can do financial 
reconciliation in a very easy manner. Our entire client onboarding process is also digital. So 
our clients get a complete digital experience in terms of client onboarding so that our 
members who want to onboard clients have a very easy and seamless process for them. These 
are some of the key technology focused customer centric solution that we have built which 
really helps achieve two things - one, very close integration or tight integrations of our system 
with the customer’s systems and providing customers solutions that help them get more 
value from our platform. This is something which helps deepen our customer engagement. In 
addition to providing technology-centric customer solutions, it is very important also to 
continuously enhance the platform capabilities to ensure that the platform is highly secure, 
it's reliable and it's resilient. Today, all of us will agree that we are living in an era where 
artificial intelligence is transforming all industries and all functions and we at IEX are very, 
very positive about the kind of impact that AI solutions can have in providing value added 
offerings to our customers as well as using AI solutions internally within our organization to 
become much more effective. There are a lot of AI related areas that we are also working 
upon and I will talk about that in my next slide.  
If we look at Security and Confidentiality of data, it is very very critical because that is what 
helps build trust for our members. If the individual members bid details are not secure, not 
confidential, then it breaks the trust for the platform and that is something which is very 
paramount. We have end-to-end encryption of the bid data for our customers, both at the 
communication level and the database level so that nobody within the organization has 
access to any of the customers bid data. So it's completely secure, completely confidential. 
Till the time results are not computed and published every data at every place is in encrypted 
format. In terms of ensuring that our platforms are well secured because today we are living 
in an era where cybersecurity is a very important aspect to focus upon. At IEX, we have 
implemented Defense in Depth Solutions - multiple layers of firewall solutions right from the 
web application firewall which is at the external world level to our network internal firewalls. 
We don’t use generic antivirus solutions. Essentially, we use XDR solutions which provide 
much more enhanced threat detection and response solutions. We have multi-factor 

24 
 
authentication. Within the database, we have the Database Act Monitoring tool implemented 
so that any kind of database updates gets recorded and we have also set up a 24*7 Security 
Operations Center to do real-time monitoring of all security-related alerts that come in and 
take required actions on the alerts. We continuously do load testing of our platform to ensure 
that our platform is scalable enough to manage much higher loads than the current traffic 
that comes and without any kind of performance degradation. For that we continuously do 
optimization at the software database and at the infrastructure level.  
Now as I was saying that artificial intelligence is an important area, focus area for us because 
we feel we can use that to provide much more valued offerings to our customers and also for 
our internal operations excellence. There are couple of AI-based solutions that we are 
currently working upon. One is – we are in the process of building AI Bidding Assistance for 
distribution companies which can help distribution companies take much more efficient and 
effective bidding decisions while bidding on our platform. We are also in the process of 
building Auto-Bidded solutions for our C&I consumers, which can really help them utilize the 
exchange to optimize their cost. There is an AI-powered chatbot for market data that we have 
already developed and in this quarter itself will do the launch of this AI Power chatbot for the 
entire sector. These are some of the key AI based solutions from a customer and external 
facing side.  
Within the company also we use AI for enhancing operation excellence within all the different 
areas. On the Cyber Security side, we have an AI-enabled Security Operation Center for much 
more predictive threat detection in a much more effective and efficient manner. Within the 
software development team, we use AI-based solutions to enhance the effectiveness and 
productivity of our software development team and we also use AI-based solution as well as 
RPA-based solutions to automate some of the key workflows and processes for us to enhance 
the productivity of the operation processes.  
If you see we are a very active adopter of AI solutions both for our internal working as well as 
for identifying solutions for our customer and we feel that this will help us further enhance 
the kind of value offerings that we provide to our customers. Now, given that we are a 24 by 
7 exchange and electricity is a very critical commodity that our customers trade in, the 
availability and reliability of the platform is of paramount importance. On that, we can do 
continuous enhancements as well as we work on building redundancy at all levels. So we have 
redundancy built in at application, database, server, and connectivity to ensure that we are 
able to achieve very high reliability. Given that we are noticing Real-Time market as one of 
the fastest growing segment for us, contributing almost close to the Day Ahead volumes and 
given that real-time bidding timelines are so tight, just 15-minutes in every 30-minutes 
interval, and the new paper that has come talks about squeezing the bidding time from 15 
minutes to now 5 minutes, we have also built a hot standby solution for the Real-Time market 
which is something that would ensure that we are able to have a much higher availability and 
reliable solutions that even in a five minute bidding scenario, even if there is a technical 
outage in one of the channels, the other channel will be able to provide availability to our 
customers on a Real -Time basis.  
We also have implemented a very, very seamless and fast switch from our DC side to DR side, 
so just in case if there is any physical outage or any kind of outage which makes our DC 
unavailable for access by our customers for running exchange operations, we can in a very 

25 
 
seamless and fast manner do the switch from DC to DR. This is something which helps provide 
very robust business continuity. All the efforts that we take around cybersecurity, around 
building ability and resilience and for working on artificial intelligence solutions, they are again 
something which helps customers get the trust of our platform. And they know that this is a 
platform where their data is going to remain confidential, this is a platform which is a very, 
very secured platform and this is a platform which is a reliable platform. These initiatives 
coupled with the customer-centric solutions that I talked at the beginning of the presentation 
really help build the trust that customers have on our platform and it helps us deepen the 
engagement. With that I will invite our CFO and Company Secretary Vineet Harlalka to come 
and talk about IGX, upcoming coal exchange and the financial numbers of our company. Thank 
you. 
Vineet Harlalka: 
I think Rohit and Amit commented on the business side and the technical side, now we look 
at how the value proposition of what the IEX team is doing for the stakeholders. So as Mr. 
Goel and Rohit in their presentations and inaugural note had stated that we incorporate IGX 
in 2019 and started giving value and then ICX is there and now Coal Exchange has been 
incorporated in the month of June and hopefully soon we will be launching the company for 
the Mineral Exchange also.  
If you look at how IGX has grown over the period in the last 5-6 years, it was a very new 
concept when it was started in 2019 and it reached with CAGR growth of over 40% a volume 
of 76.8 million MMBtu and reported profit of 42 crores. All entities which are dealing in gas 
in India or abroad are mainly all around the platform. And the good part is that they filed the 
DRHP in this month and hopefully (would be) getting listed soon.  
Then the Coal Exchange. We had already discussed, the Government come out with the 
notifications of the Rules on the 4th of June. And as initially Mr. Goel had stated, the good part 
is that now no e-auction platform will be allowed beyond six months from the launch of the 
coal exchanges, including the e-based platform of Coal India. So all trading in coal will be 
coming to the coal exchange which gives the initial target of at least 100 million ton we are 
expecting at the exchange platform in the initial year. And soon on the 15th of July they 
(Ministry) have come out with the application process where the Coal exchanges can apply 
for the registration and licensing. This is the value proposition, when we look at the coal 
exchange - we are expecting the demand for coal to increase significantly from 1,200 (MT) 
presently to around 2,000 million tonnes by 2035 and we are expecting an increase in the 
capacity of commercial coal production to around 500 million tonnes by 2035. Considering 
the overall, this triggers the spot market volume to go to almost 250 million tonnes by 2035. 
So the main drivers will be the increase in demand - overall captive mine coal production that 
will be there. And secondly, the few to many (model) because right now not too many people 
(players) are there, so when captive mines come and production comes to many-to-many, 
trades will be there, which will bring liquidity and a lot of flexibility for the buyers to trade in 
coal. And IEX with its rich experience of spot exchanges and with our reach with the Power, 
Cement and heavy industries which use coal, we are hopeful that we will be pioneers in 
developing the exchange and its regulated products which can give the desired result for 
market needs.  
Overall when we look at that, we are mindful of our social responsibilities also. And just to 
update our stakeholders and investors that we take care of our business also and we fulfil our 

26 
 
social responsibilities also. Last year we had taken a lot of initiatives, new initiatives also, to 
see how we can give back to society. This (pointing to the presentation slide) is the summary 
of few of the activities we had taken. One was that we had we supported blind kids for 
education giving them the AI enabled and tech-enabled solutions for their vision impairment 
which can help them in their education and day-to-day life. We did a lot of support, whatever 
we can manage with regards floods in the Punjab and Uttarakhand. And we also support the 
heritage side of the Puranaquila and the Safdarjung Tomb for development and whatever 
tourist-related activities we can do to promote the heritage in India.  
Ultimately this is the value proposition of IEX. When we look at the last four years, despite all 
the challenges we have been able to perform with all the support of our stakeholders, our 
customers and the regulators. So we achieved 15 percent CAGR growth on operating revenue 
and there was 11 percent growth in this quarter in comparison with previous quarter and 
total revenue was somewhere around Rs. 745 crore during the previous year. This quarter we 
achieved almost around Rs.201 crores and the expenses are more or less in line with 13% 
mainly increasing on the tax side. We are spending heavily on the tax side and we achieved 
consolidated profit of almost around 135 crore during this quarter, which is almost 12% 
increase over the previous year. So, the overall value proposition, the net worth of the 
company is around Rs.1,400 crores and the EPS for the last year was 5.33 rupees, and ROE we 
are maintaining around 42% to 44% ROE continuously over the last 4-5 years. As a policy, we 
are paying almost around more than 50%, 65% as dividend over the last many years. This is 
the overall summary. We achieved Rs.493 crore of consolidated profit during the previous 
year, which is 17.2% CAGR. IEX standalone was around 474 crores, IGX 42 crores and ICX 
though it's a small beginning, but we hope it will also have the big opportunity in the future. 
Overall we are looking at the trend and continue to give good rewards. This is overall from 
the financial side. Now I request Mr. Rohit if you can come and summarize all the 
presentation. Rohit over to you. 
Rohit Bajaj: 
Thank you. Before we break for Q&A, let me try and summarize what we have discussed in 
the last the one and a half hours. Growth is broad based. We are banking on the (power) 
demand boom in the country, electrification is happening, data centers, EV, air conditioners 
are going to drive the demand.  If it is (per capita electricity consumption) going to be 1.5X by 
2032, we will have our play here. There is a massive headroom available for penetration for 
exchanges. In India, as I mentioned, it is just 8%, 9% as of now. But globally, if you see, our 
model is very similar to the European model where voluntary exchanges are there, and there 
they are doing 50-60 percent of their total consumption (routed) through exchanges. So huge 
headroom is available for us to grow. And all the developments, new market models that we 
have discussed will play their role. It would not be only the Central marketplace that we are 
discussing today. There would be multi layered markets which will be created over time. The 
work has already started in that direction and that will also give us good headroom to grow. 
Our business model is strong. We have a deep relationship of 18 years with our customers. 
Everybody is with us, registered with us. The API-led integration that we have done over the 
last two years is coming out to be very promising. This has been appreciated by all our clients 
as well as members. Today, they are integrated with us both from the front-end side and also 
at the back-end side.  

27 
 
This (IEX) is an asset light high-margin platform business. We have strong cash-flows which 
will help us grow, which will help us diversify moving into inorganic territories. On the organic 
side, expansion is limited towards volume growth and new products. Some of the things we 
(already) discussed. BESS price arbitrage is a huge opportunity. It stands out apart from other 
things because other things have been there for quite some time but something like BESS 
arbitrage, something like capacity market, CFDs, ancillary carbon markets are which stands 
out where we are super bullish. Then inorganic (activities) where Government focuses on the 
platform. What we have seen over the last two years, (for instance), coal exchange has 
become a reality. Mineral exchange has also become reality. So we will have our play there 
too. Then Gas, Coal, ICX - the existing entities, group entities, performing well there is lot to 
grow strategically, they are well placed. Finally, the BESS opportunity (asset), which we are 
considering also for us to have some play there as well.  
With this, we conclude our presentations. And we can make our way for Q&A now. Thank you 
so much. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

28 
 
QUESTION AND ANSWERS 
APARNA GARG:  Thank you, IEX management for the detailed presentations. We are just 
setting up the stage for the Q&A round. May I please request everyone to keep your questions 
limited to two per person so that others also get an opportunity to ask questions. Thank you. 
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL: Good Evening, Friends! I think the most important part of the session 
- Question & Answers, is now open and we will try to address your concerns. Thank you. 
ANALYST 1:  
Hi, Goel ji, this is Paresh Sanghani here. At the foremost, congratulations to you and your 
team for having built a wonderful company over the last 18 years. And secondly, thank you 
for the detailed presentation that you guys have made today. I have one question and just 
two requests, trying to meet Aparna's requirement over here.  
The first question is largely in terms of what do you expect RTM to be over the next three 
years? From the current 35 to 40%,where do you think this is going to settle? Because the 
growth has been really spectacular. And which is the other star product that you think could 
be the next RTM, so to speak within our scheme of overall things, whether it's peak contracts 
or whether it's green RTM for instance? The other two requests I have are - one is the need 
for doing a buyback, given the valuations are at an all-time low. And the second question is, 
once we come up with the IGX IPO, a request if IEX shareholders can be given a proportionate, 
what do I call a reservation for applying for IGX shares while the listing happens, if there is 
such a possibility. Thank you. 
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL:  
The first question was on RTM. The share of RTM itself over three to five years. When we 
started RTM in 2020, we never expected that the volumes will increase so fast and RTM is 
growing at a rate of almost about 30-35% on a CAGR basis. In fact, with high renewable 
capacity addition in the country, the RTM growth is going to continue, and I believe that RTM 
volume will be higher than the Day Ahead Market volume in time to come because RTM is 
one market where everybody is participating.  
Distribution companies, if they have surplus power on a real-time basis, they are able to say, 
maybe in the next one hour we don’t need so much of power and I can sell the power, so they 
sell that power. Distribution companies are buying the power also C&I consumers are doing 
it and even the generators, if there is a unit outage they make good on that commitment by 
purchasing power from the exchange in the RTM market. So, I think RTM volumes in this 
energy transition  are definitely going to increase. It would be difficult to give you the number 
but my gut feeling is that it will definitely grow at a rate of 25 to 30 percent in the time to 
come. And any other product which can be the next RTM. I think BESS can be another product 
which really can be a new game changer because earlier, renewable people were talking 
about for the purpose of green energy and clean energy. But now, renewable has become 
more competitive than the coal-based thermal energy. So, everybody is now going for 
renewable because it is very cost-competitive and today with solar, wind, pump storage and 
battery storage, it will be possible to have round-the-clock renewable energy at a very 
competitive rate. So, I think this is going to provide another big opportunity for us.  
Your point regarding IGX, I don't think it is really possible to have that kind of reservation for 
the IEX shareholders in the IGX IPO. The IGX IPO is an independent IPO, but buyback, yes 

29 
 
definitely, we will consider it in future because now SEBI also has revised its rules  for  doing 
the buyback through the market. So, we will consider that part of it.  
ANALYST 1: Thank you, sir. 
ANALYST 2:  
Hi, how do you think about the IEX’s role with India Energy Stack and P2P? In that discussion, 
where does IEX play a role? And are you part of those discussions of the India Energy Stack 
market? 
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL: So, we are definitely part of that. We represent the power market 
there   as an expert and participate in all the developments which are happening.  We see 
there is a great opportunity. In fact, let’s quickly see what they are trying to do. Today, in the 
sector, data flow is a problem. In fact, if you see the last 2-3 years’ developments, we have 
gone back. Whatever was being published three years back is not available now. Many of the 
NLDC and other reports which used to be there. So, one of the key elements that Indian 
Energy Shack is trying to do is  to streamline data flow. They want to make it seamlessly 
available at one platform which is IES and you would agree with me that power exchange 
related data is already there, every bit of it. So, now that is the first step where we have seen 
that it is there, it can be easily integrated but now we have to take it beyond that. And all 
other transactions which are happening, whether it is through DEEPor whether it is long-term, 
anything and everything should get captured there - that’s one part of it. But the end objective 
here is that the whole idea is to make it a platform where transactions can be enabled. And 
when in the AI Week, a few months back, there was one pilot which was done for peer-to-
peer trading. There was one person sitting at the  retail level in one state, they supplied energy 
to other state, and that transaction happened through peer-to-peer model. So, what we are 
seeing here is, in this entire thing there would be multiple-layered market which will be 
created. It may not be immediately at peer-to-peer level or presumed level, but definitely 
there is great scope to create markets at intra-state level, where there are certain states that 
have concentration of generation as well as demand. Those things will come up first. So, we 
are closely working with them, monitoring the situation and as and  when we feel there are 
enablers in place, we would be the first mover to create such marketplaces. So, this is 
currently what we are looking at. 
ANALYST 2:  
And how much the MSTC and other platforms charge now on their platform and when do you 
expect to start the exchange? And the last bit is,is the shareholding requirement similar to 
the IEX or the gas exchanges?  
Thank you. That's it. Thank you. 
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL: 
Can you repeat your question? I feel a little louder.  
ANALYST 2:  
My question was, how big do you think  the coal trading market can become? And how much 
the MSTC and another platform are charging currently. And when do we expect to start the 
exchange? And the last bit is, is  the shareholding requirement similar to the electricity market 
and the gas market? 

30 
 
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL:  
So, we explained about the market size. As per the rules, all coale e-auction platforms and 
marketplaces will not exist after the coal exchange starts operation. Within six months of Coal 
Exchange operation, they will have to do all the transactions through the Coal Exchange only. 
Today, the volume transacted through the e-auction and the marketplace is almost about 120 
million tonnes. Coal India alone did e-auctions of about 90 million tonnes of coal. So, the 
market size as on date is 120 million tonnes, and it can increase to almost about 250-300 
million tonnes by 2035.That's the kind of market which we expect it to be.  
Now MSTC and M-Junction they are doing e-auctions, and after the coal exchange starts 
operation, they will not be able to do the e-auctions. That's the  rule of the game, which has 
been notified by Ministry of Coal.  
Shareholding pattern, the kind of transaction fee they are charging, they are basically only 
discovering the price through the e-auction platform. So, they have a fixed fee for each of the 
auctions which they charge. As far as exchanges are concerned, exchanges will be doing the 
price discovery and at the same time will be doing physical and financial settlement. Clearing 
and settlement also will be done by the exchanges. Exchanges will be the counterparty on 
both sides. So, I think exchanges will provide much more value. The fees in case of exchanges 
will be definitely higher than what MSTC and Mjunction are charging. 
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL: 
Yes. It is similar to what has been notified for the power exchange and the gas exchange. 
Nobody can hold more than 25 percent, and no trading member can hold more than 5%. It is 
similar kind of shareholding pattern 
ANALYST 2: 
Thank you. 
ANALYST 3:  
Hi. Thanks for the detailed presentation. First question was on the RTM market. So, when we 
look at global volumes, most of it lies in the Day Ahead Market. But when we are seeing RTM 
volumes growing in India, it's like almost as big as the  Day Ahead and it might grow bigger. 
So can you help us understand what is structurally different in the Indian market due to which 
RTM has grown so big? That's the first question. Thank you. 
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL: 
Actually, In India we have 25 years long-term PPAs for meeting the demand of distribution 
companies. And that was the trend that is still continuing. So a large part, almost about 85 
percent of the demand of distribution companies is met through long term PPAs and in fact, 
in future also, banks are willing to do their lending only if there are PPAs. We expect long-
term PPAs will continue in the future also.  
But in case of European countries where the exchange transactions are high, they don't have 
long term PPAs of 25 years, they have PPAs maybe for shorter duration, and they do the re-
trading also. The DAM market is basically the main market in those countries. But in India, 
DAM market is basically, for distribution companies to meet their marginal, shortfall in 
meeting the demand on seasonal basis or on daily basis or hourly basis, that is coming in the 
Day-Ahead Market. Real Time Market is basically because of the large variability in that 

31 
 
renewable generation. So, the same state we have seen selling power on a particular day and 
next day buying power because on day one the wind generation was very high, they were 
having surplus power and they were selling, and within a day the wind generation was low, 
they were short of power. So, I think these kinds of transactions happen in the RTM market. 
That is why the RTM market will keep growing. Thank you. 
ANALYST 2: 
Sure, thank you 
ANALYST 3:  
The other question, we know there's uncertainty around it currently. But if Grid India was to 
become the market coupling operator, there would be some cost associated with them 
running these operations. So, can you help us understand your idea of who is going to bear 
this cost of MCO. 
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL: 
There is nothing free. All costs are passed on to the consumer. Directly or indirectly.  
 
ANALYST 4:  
Hi Sir, my first question was on RTM versus DAM. You spoke about two things, one the genesis 
of the exchange was to help them plan ahead like if there is some shortcoming or there is 
excess demand or there is a shortfall in their electricity, you had a window of one day to plan, 
whereas when it comes to RTM, you are doing like the last-minute planning, right? So, how 
does a customer of yours which is a DISCOM,  do planning by relying on RTM? Because  how 
does, RTM in a way replaces them for him? That was the first question. 
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL: 
See, when we started the exchange in 2008, we had only DAM  because at that time there 
was no renewable. It was basically thermal generation, you can do forecast about the 
availability of generation, you can also do  a fair estimation of your demand and so you can 
do all these things through the Day Ahead  Market. But as renewables started increasing from 
2015, '16, '17, prices came down to almost about two and a half rupees in 2017-18. Solar 
capacity has started happening, then market started feeling that there is a lot of variation in 
this generation capacities and distribution companies who have signed PPAs for this. They are 
also seeing lot of variation and availability of power with them. And that is when the need for 
the Real Time Market was felt and in 2020, the Real Time Market started. And you can see 
the participation in the Real Time Market, the kind of volume increase which is happening. It 
is basically because to meet this variability in the Real Time Market, the renewable 
generation. So, that is going to continue and I'm pretty sure that Real Time Market volume 
will keep on increasing. 
ANALYST 4:  
Yeah, because what I remember from its  launch was it was for DSM, right? The 10-12 percent 
volume division settlement mechanism and it became so big. The follow-up question on that 
is you said, you know, in European markets, DAM is a very large market because long term 
PPAs are not as big a part of the power market as they are in India. So, the question then is if 
RTM is going to become big because of this variability, the expansion of the short-term market 

32 
 
or the exchanges in the overall will always be limited in India. What is your view on that? 
Because when we think about the exchnage's growth, there were two levers, one was, you 
know, gaining share in the short-term market which we have done very well from 37% in 2019 
to 60% plus now. Whereas, as you were mentioning the share of the short-term market  or 
the exchanges in  overall power generation or consumption is still low. So, because of this 
nature where PPAs will remain the dominant structure, does it mean that exchange’s share 
in overall consumption will always be 10-12 percent at max? 
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL:  
See, since in India we are going to have long-term contracts, definitely in India the exchange 
volume is not going to be as high as what it is in the European countries where almost about 
50-60% of the generation is rooted through the exchange. We did some estimation on this 
and what we feel is that almost about 25 percent of the total generation that is the market 
size, opportunity size, maybe in the next five, six years, it can be that kind of opportunity. 
Because bilateral transactions, transactions through the trading companies, banking 
transactions, if you see all these things are shrinking and exchange volumes are increasing. 
So, the short-term market, which is almost about 14-15 percent, that itself is major part of it, 
is on the exchange platform, and in future we feel that the 25% is something which is possible.  
 
ANALYST 4: Fair.  Sorry if I can squeeze in one last question. So, we have talked about so many 
new products that are in the pipeline to be launched and all these approvals will be given by 
CERC, who is our regulator. So, just a. common-sense question, because we have taken them 
to the court because of the regulations on market coupling does it in any way impact them 
not giving us approval or delaying our approvals for these products because our position as 
an exchange becomes more stronger with these products coming through? 
SATYANARAYAN GOEL: One correction, we have not taken CERC to court. there is a legal 
provision available that if we are aggrieved by any order of the CERC, we can go against that 
order. It does not mean that we are taking CERC to court. So, these are legal provisions which 
are available. After all, we also have shareholders. We also have to exercise , whatever legal 
recourse is available. We are basically using that part of it. And I don't think CERC understands 
this differently.  See, companies like NTPC, Power Grid, NHPC which are government 
companies, they also have gone to the Appellate Tribune and Supreme Court against the CERC 
orders whenever they are aggrieved. So, going to the court is nothing against  any individual, 
it is against that particular order. The regulator is mature, I must say that they understand all 
these things. And I don't think that this will come in the way of approval of new products 
because regulators themselves are interested in developing the market. So just one point 
here. These products are of national importance.  
Today, the government is dealing with, what we have seen in recent past, there was acute 
crunch of power. Evening power was not there anywhere on exchanges, there were 30-40 
thousand MW requirement, while, power available was less than 5000 MW.S,o if peak power 
products are required they are  required for the larger cause. It is not that we are doing it for 
our gain or somebody else’s gain. So, government is aligned, regulator is aligned and some of 
these things have been discussed with them and after alignment only we file those petitions. 
Unfortunately, it is taking little more time. There are some procedural hurdles which are there 
and we are sure that in times to come it will be released.  

33 
 
ANALYST 5:  
Thank you, firstly for giving me an opportunity and for a detailed presentation. One thing that 
I saw in your presentation is on market coupling, you said that Grid India has a lot of 
apprehension about this itself. So, firstly what is your real assessment in terms of by when 
can we see the final regulations on market coupling and secondly, if this comes at all, what 
would be the timeline for that? 
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL:   
See, implementing market coupling is a major change in the exchange market design. And I 
think  such matters are dealt very cautiously. You can see even though the market coupling 
started being discussed in 2023,  it is still going on because the regulator also wants to 
examine each and every aspect of it. Similarly, while implementing it also, a care has to be 
taken thatnothing wrong happens in the market.  
Today they know one thing that from the last 18 years this market is operating reliably. So, 
they will have to examine each and every aspect of it. How is the software done? What is the 
logic behind this software? What should be the logic for the new market coupling system? , 
What is the kind of reliability required in the hardware system, software system, security 
system, interactions and  settlements? So, there are lot of things which have to be done and 
then after doing all that, I think there will be regulatory approvals and then the mock drill to 
see that nothing goes wrong. These things are going to take time. So, it will be difficult for me 
to give any timeline on this, I can only tell you one thing that  sometime in 1994-95 when 
availability--based tariff was first discussed in the country. It was finally implemented in 2003. 
It took so much of time. This may not take that long, but then definitely it will take a long 
time. But the concerns raised by Grid India, can that also delay the finalization of regulation 
itself. I don't think, I'm competent to answer  that. 
ANALYST 5:  
Okay, and secondly sir, I think the API strategy that you have kind of run over the last two 
years to ensure more stickiness within your client base. Once, hypothetically, we move to a 
market coupling system where MCO will have their own technology, wil  these APIs help us 
to integrate with the MCO technology as well? And secondly if that happens can that lead to 
a more competitive pricing between the exchanges. Because if that is the only way they can 
gain market share, can we move towards that? What we saw in the TAM segment. Thank you. 
AMIT KUMAR:  
So, The MCO arrangement is only for price discovery and not for bidding. So, the market 
participant will need to continue to do that on respective exchange and as you rightly 
mentioned through APIs we have done tighter integration with the customers and directly 
with their systems both for the bidding and the post-trade activities. Definitely that is 
something that would be useful for customers because the API based solutions is providing 
automated,  seamless and a very easy bidding and post bidding activities to all customers. 
Now, MCO's role is to combine all the bids from the exchanges and not from the customers. 
So, individual customers will place bids, exchanges will send the bids to the MCO and the MCO 
will collate all the bids to do the price discovery. So, there is no bidding-related integration 
required for the customers with the MCO. Now for sending the bids to MCO, of course Grid 
India will publish the APIs which all three  exchanges will have to integrate to send the 

34 
 
combined bids of their platform. But from the customer side the work that we have done in 
driving API integration that competitive advantage remains with us. 
 
ANALYST 6:  
Sir, so my query is related to the market coupling and the market coupling operator. 
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL: 
Can you please be little louder?  
 
ANALYST 6:  
So, in case of the market coupling operator, my query is that since you said, , the fee will be 
charged to  some participants, who will they be charged to? Will it  be the exchange or will it  
be the end customer and will that in the way force you to reduce your fee because price 
discovery has moved to the MCO and you are collecting bids.  Just wanted your thoughts on 
that. 
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL: 
I think these are the issues which are flagged by the Grid India also in their comments to CERC 
and in addition to the point raised by you, there are many more issues, which needs to be 
answered. I think these things will be answered may be in the final regulations or in the 
procedure or subsequently by CERC by their various orders. That is why I said that 
implementation will take longer time because all these issues one by one will have to be 
addressed. Today, we do not know what are the things to be addressed. So, as we go along 
this implementation path. There will be many more issues which will need to be addressed 
off. 
ANALYST 6: 
So, my second question is, as you said,  DAM is possibly the market which they are targeting 
first to be coupled, right? So, in terms of your planning as to what is the possible market share 
loss that you're looking in case the DAM is coupled in the next let's say one or two years and 
how are you planning for it? 
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL: 
With the kind of service which we have provided in the last 18 years, the kind of customer 
connect that we have today. I don't see any loss in market share. after the coupling. But let's 
see. This is the market, we will have to decide about it. Today you have NSE and BSE and in 
spite of that NSE  has retained the market share. So,  think only time will decide that. With 
the kind of values  that we continue to provide,  we should be able to maintain a reasonably 
good market share. Thank you. 
 
 
 

35 
 
 
ANALYST 7: 
Hello sir. Thank you for hosting us today.  
My question is related to the clearing and settlement function of the exchange. If I understand 
it correctly, according to the payment and settlement, the exchange function and settlement 
and clearing function cannot be under the same entity, for which power exchanges probably 
got an  exemption  last year. Will there be a need to separate the clearing and settlement 
function of the power exchange into a separate and entity?  Will it continue to be owned 
100% by IEX, or will there be a need to divest  some holding? 
VINEET HARLALKA:  
First of all, there is nothing regarding the separation of the clearing and settlement function.  
The Power Market Regulations say that the clearing and settlement function of the exchange 
has to be as per the PSS Act and we had been taking up the matter, and  even CERC had taken 
up the matter. It is more of a process for the registration of the exchange clearing function 
under the PSS Act. There is no question of any separation because this narrative is coming 
where SEBI requires the separation of the clearing and settlement function for  the stock 
exchanges. But  the Power Market Regulations just say one thing, that you have to comply 
with the PSS Act for the clearing function and the PSS Act is totally silent on whether there 
has to be a separate entity. It talks about  registration. The entities which are part of the 
clearing and settlement process need to be registered. That's all. So, we are exploring this 
with the regulator, RBI and we are in discussion with a few experts also to see how to ensure 
that this issue is resolved because the registration is more of a procedural process and if 
anything, RBI wants on the procedural side,  we don't see any financial impact of that. It's 
more of a positive and compliance part, nothing more than that. Whatever we are doing today  
is in line with what is required under the PSS Act. The only thing is that we are doing it under 
our rules which are prescribed  by CERC. Tomorrow, we may have to do it under another 
mechanism.  It won't involve any additional financial implications. 
ANALYST 7: 
Second question is about Renewable Energy Certificates. I'm just asking about  International 
RACs, I believe these are two separate  products. If you can talk about the market size, the 
volume expectations and how big this opportunity can become.  
AMIT KUMAR: 
IREC is the market that is operated right now in 60 plus countries by I-Track Foundation. So, 
REC if you see, is  a compliance mechanism which is a domestic certificate compliance 
mechanism of our country and I-Track  is an International Renewal Energy Certificate 
Mechanism. Our role right now is that I-Track Foundation has appointed our subsidiary 
company ICX as the sole local issuer of I-RECs in India. So, with regards to that, we do two 
activities. Any new facilities that get registered under the I-REC standards, the whole 
registration review and approval process, gets done by our company and post registration, 
based upon the renewable generation that the entity is doing, the issuance of certificates, 
which  can then be traded in the I-REC market, is also done by our subsidiary company ICX.  

36 
 
With regards to the growth in I-RECs, like as Rohit mentioned in his slide, definitely there are 
growth drivers that we are seeing, especially with the time-series granularity being one of the 
important components on which the I-REC standard is already working upon. So, I-REC 
registry is managed by Evident, which is now an Xpansive company. So, they have already 
started work on providing hourly-based matching for I-RECs. In the near future, we will have 
hourly-based time stamping available for I-RECs. Also, in India and in some of the international 
markets they have already started doing the pilots.  Those are going to drive the demands 
throughRE100 claims, GHG Scope 2 claims and  SBTi. So, SBTi right now does not recognize I-
REC as one of the acceptable standards, but what they are saying is that with hourly stamping 
coming, they are also going to recognize I-REC as one of the standards for SBTi claims. . 
Definitely, those are some of the important drivers that will drive the growth of the I-REC 
market. 
ANALYST 8:  
Sir, Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital.  
Thank you for the extremely informative presentations for the last couple of hours.  
My question is in relation to the IEX demand profile chart that Rohit had spoken about. So, 
sell bids during the daytime far exceed the buy bids, and scheduled volumes seem to be 
almost 30,000 MW below what actually gets cleared, which is on offer in the sell bids. So, 
what happens to the part that is not cleared? Assuming that the bulk of it is solar, I am 
assuming during daytime.  
And the second part to this question is, there is curtailment of solar due to transmission 
evacuation. How much of the curtailment is also happening because thermal power projects 
are running below the technical minimum, between  12 to 1 p.m. and so on. And what is the 
opportunity there for IEX?  
That's my first question. Thank you. 
ROHIT BAJAJ:We have not reached a stage where, because of non-clearance during the 
daytime, solar is being curtailed. Today, as I shared the slide, on an average, 10,000-12,000 
MW gets  cleared during the daytime and out of that, the solar component is quite small,  only 
about 2,000-3,000 MW. So, what is being curtailed is thermal power, which is coming either 
directly through IPPs who are bidding, or coming indirectly through the bits of distribution 
companies. So, as of now, there is a long way to go before solar generation itself  starts getting 
curtailed. And when that happen, you will see consistently zero price on the market. So, there 
is some power which is available which is at zero. Let's say, I am renewable generator, I will 
quote as low as possible because uniform clearing price whatever is the discovered,  I'll get 
that. I don't mind getting 50 Paisa also. It is better than getting curtailed. So, solar generators 
s are quoting  close to zero, then every thermal generator is quoting basis its  variable cost.  
So, as I said, we have not reached that stage. It is still quite far away. But for the high variable 
cost thermal power projects which are likely to be operating below technical minimum would 
they have a choice to  go meaningfully below technical minimum, or would there be 
curtailment?   
I will tell you what is happening today. 

37 
 
So, let us say there is a state and state has got multiple portfolios. So, what I'll do is, I'll see 
my demand and then map it with the total supply that is available and on a collective basis. I 
will figure out that there is 5,000 MW additional power available and put that in the market. 
Now, at the time of putting that in the market, bidding at the market, I will also see portfolio 
wise variable cost. Right? Now, there are plants which are little costlier, there are plants which 
are little cheaper as compared to them, clearance would be dependent on what prices I have 
quoted. So, whatever we are seeing today, more than 100 percent of that, is completely 
thermal power and when we see zero price, this is the time when thermal generators try to 
compete with solar power. Because whenever there is a zero price, that time you will see the 
clearance is quite high because many states are optimizing it. That time you will find 
clearances more than 10,000 MW even on the holidays or on  May Day . Then what happens, 
these cheaper thermal plants  start to compete. Now, they need technical minimum. So, they 
are willing to go below their variable cost,  coming to zero. So, there are very few instances. 
Whenever we are touching zero, there is some thermal power plant, that are not able to 
recover their energy charge,  coming below technical minimum. But otherwise, majority of 
the time they stick to their energy charge which is the variable cost.  
ANALYST 8:  
So, you also mentioned that regarding the opportunity around BESS, what will be the 
longevity of the time shift arbitrage, which has become very attractive right now in the market 
for BESS.  
So, how much BESS is required theoretically to make the arbitrage less attractive.  
And when you say two-cycle operation, theoretically is it possible to do two cycles because 
for the second cycle, how do you manage with solar and would it theoretically be just 1.2, 1.3 
cycles? 
ROHIT BAJAJ: 
Two cycles are very much possible as long as you are getting required arbitrage from the 
market because when we are saying for 500, 515, 520 days, a two-cycle operation is possible. 
These are the time when you are getting one dip and one high point. So, suppose at night 
time there is a low price, then there is the morning where you can discharge. 
Again, you can charge during the daytime when the prices are low. And again you can 
discharge when the nighttime comes. And this possibility is not available throughout the year.  
There are 100, 150 odd days when it is available, majorly during the winter-time. Your second 
question is how long this arbitrage will exist? Now this is a million-dollar question.  
No readily answer available with anybody because there are many models which people are 
operating and trying to figure out. 
They are trying to forecast the price going forward. What sort of capacity addition would there 
be?, What sort of supply will come? And if that supply will come, solar is going to play an 
important role. What sort of solar addition is going to be there?  
ALMM phase 1 has impacted solar, ALMM phase 2 is going to impact solar. All these things 
are to be factored in to decide  what sort of opportunity this time arbitrage presents..  
But one thing people are believing and we also believe the same, seeing the trend today.  I 
will quote one more example. See, November normally is the month in India where demand 

38 
 
overall is very low. But in the month of November also, during the evening  we touch Rs. 10. 
Why?  
Because when solar  starts to come down, thermal has to be rammed up. And then there is a 
window of 1 to 2 hours where because of the ramp-down and ramp-up,  a small window is 
created when prices  go up to Rs. 10. So, the Rs. 10 is not a function of shortage, Rs. 10 is a 
function of mismatch. It's an issue of integration of renewable rather than anything else. Now, 
one argument is that as a little more BESS    comes in the evening gap will get squeezed. 
During the daytime these people  will be buying. So, daytime availability will go down and 
evening availability will go up. And the arbitrage won't exist.  
But the other  argument is that the kind of solar capacity that we have created in the country 
and the cell capacity that is coming now, all these things being in place, and the rate at which 
solar is being available, solar is definitely going to come.  
So, solar addition is going to be much more than BESS addition. And this is all our 
understanding. Nothing right or wrong about it. I am just sharing my perspective because for 
BESS we are still dependent on imports.  
We are not manufacturing  it and BESS no way is close to solar, cost wise.  
So, solar addition definitely is going to go up, which means there would be more supply which 
would be there and we have seen in the last three years, daytime tariff fall from Rs. 4.  To Rs. 
3 last year to Rs. 2 this year and probably it will go to Rs. 1.5 this year. Which means during 
daytime there is a huge pressure.  
In the evening, there is a ramping requirement, there is additional demand.  
Traditionally, we see evening demand is always there. So, we feel that for another 3-5 years, 
this opportunity should be there. In addition to this, our demand is also increasing at a rate 
of almost  6% in the country. So, this additional demand will also keep on providing you 
arbitrage for some more time. So, you can do a reasonably good forecasting for 4-5 years. 
About that, yes, we are reasonably sure but in future also I am sure it will be there.  
 
ANALYST  9:  
Hi, Anuj Sharma from Steadfort. Just wanted to understand your thoughts on evolution of the 
open access and can it become a reasonable category in the next few years? Thank you. 
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL: 
Open Access, it all depends on the State Government, State Regulators and distribution 
companies. Government of India is definitely looking to promote this because they want 
industries to become more competitive. I In the Draft bill also, it states  that Open Access 
charges should be progressively reduced, particularly for  manufacturing industries, metros 
and railways. Let us see how  it is implemented by the State Governments and State 
Regulators. 
ANALYST 9: 
Okay, my second question is on the Spot Coal Exchange. How many players would be bidding 
for this  particular exchange and just little bit more beyond our competencies on this spot 
exchange. What more do we bring on the table for the collection? 

39 
 
 
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL:  
So, we have definitely incorporated Indian Coal Exchange. For others, it is too early to say 
anything, but in due course of time when they apply for the license, market will come to know 
about that.   We're the only one  right now. We had no expertise when we started the Power 
Exchange and Gas Exchange. So, don't worry about that. So, we will do it here too. We have 
at least 18 years of experience of running a spot market. 
ANALYST 9:  
Okay, and one quick question on the Supreme Court petition, what exact relief are we seeking 
now? Thanks. 
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL:  
See, the relief we are seeking is that the CERC order is bad in law. Let's see what we get.  
 
ANALYST 10:  
Good evening, sir.  
Thank you for the detailed presentation. A couple of questions. It's been quite some time 
now., the Long Duration Product under Term Ahead Market has been delayed. The Supreme 
Court case between SEBI and CERC got over in 2024. So, what are the roadblocks out there 
and when do we see this come online? That's one.  
And the second one is on carbon trading, apart from time-of-day being a growth driver for 
new facilities to register under I-RECare there any other growth drivers or incentives out there 
for developers to registered under I-REC and not under the domestic SBTi recommendations. 
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL:  
Your first question was?  
ANALYST 10:  
The long-duration contracts up to 11 months.  
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL:  
For long-duration contracts approval,  there are many issues that  the Regulatory Commission 
will have to consider before approving such contracts. They are also looking at the 
performance of the existing three-month contracts and the market dynamics. In fact if you 
look at transactions in the contracts which are beyond three months, those are not significant 
and they will also have to  standardize those contracts. they are working on all that and there 
are many more issues related to that on which regulatory is working. So, it is difficult to say 
when this approval will come. 
ANALYST 10:   
It's been 2 years now since we have applied, if I am not mistaken. 
 

40 
 
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL:  
It's been more than two years since we have applied for that. You are right.  
ANALYST 10:  
And on the carbon trading. How big is the market in your assessment? 
AMIT KUMAR:  
One of the questions that you had,  what are the advantages that drive the growth of I-REC 
when REC is already there. So, if you see that I-REC standards are currently acceptable for 
RE100 claims, GSD2 claims and now very soon it will be for SBTi claims also. That is where 
buyers, if they have to take those claims advantage, they go for I-RECs. The international 
players who wants to showcase their compliance with their RE100 goals, they  prefer I-REC.  
As Rohit in the presentation talked about VPPAs and large technology companies like Google,  
are one of the big players in the VPA market. In India, if you see Google has a VPPA contract 
with CleanMax and they take the I-REC out of that contract and then utilize it.  
So, that is where the I-RECdifferentiates itself. It's a kind of international standards and that 
is where the demand for the  I-REC keeps  coming. 
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL:  
Dr. Raghuramji, can I suggest something?  
I think, the time is almost  7:50 and can we have last two persons. I am not saying two 
questions, let's have two persons. 
 
ANALYST 11:  
Yeah, this is Ishan from Antique.  
One question, just wanted to understand why are REC volumes down 80% YoY and QoQ? Is it 
shifting to I-REC? Thank you. 
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL:  
REC volumes are down, because it is just a first quarter of the year. So, too early to make any 
comments on that. Secondly, there is a draft which is under circulation that if you are not able 
to meet your RPO obligations by end of the year then you can make that by doing the buyout, 
that means, you can make payment to the statutory authority to meet the RPO obligations. 
So, I think there is some confusion in the market and when there is more clarity on this, the 
REC volumes would pick up. 
ANALYST 11:  
Okay. Secondly Sir on realization, if we take total volumes and divide it by the revenue on 
standalone basis the realization comes at around 0.4 Paisa per unit. Whereas, last quarter and 
year, Q1 FY26, it was around 3.7 Paisa per unit. So how should we look at it?  
Is it the right way to look at it?  
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL:  

41 
 
I think there are fuel markets like in RECs and the Term Ahead Market, we give some incentive. 
Because Term Ahead contracts are for longer duration,  some incentives are given in that.  
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL:  
I think for the last question, there is a lady here, she has been looking for it. So, I will take the 
question from her.  
 
ANALYST 12:  
Hi, good evening.  
This is Buna from Club Millennia. I wanted to know what is the contribution of the top 5-10 
clients in your overall volumes and how has it been trending over the last few years?  
SATYA NARAYAN GOEL:   
I think the volume contribution is almost about 50-60 percent and top 10 sellers, I think the 
concentration is less on the sell side. It could be about 40 percent but we have every day 
almost about eight to nine hundred participants who participate in this market.  
Just one more thing, these buyers and sellers are not same. So, one season there are new set 
of buyers, another season those are not there at all. And this 50-60 versus 40 has  remained 
the same over the last few years. I can’t say that it has remained the same, but it is in that 
range.  There was a time when on the buy side the concentration was higher but now that 
concentration is reducing.  
Great. Thank you friends and we are available now. The dinner and the bar counter is open. 
So, me and  my all colleagues  are available. We can take more questions during the discussion 
time. Thank you very much for coming and attending this. Thank you. 
 
 
