 
Date: 17-08-2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
To 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Ref: 
BSE Scrip Code: 533259; NSE Symbol: HEALTHX 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Earnings Conference call for Q1 FY27 
 
Ref: Our letter dated 05.08.2026 for intimation of schedule of the Earnings Conference Call for Q1 
FY’27. 
 
This is in furtherance to our letter dated August 5, 2026 intimating that a Earnings Conference Call 
with investors and analysts was scheduled to be held on 11th August, 2026 at 4.00 PM (IST) to discuss 
the performance for the quarter ended June 30, 2026 and updates of the Company. 
     
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed herewith a copy of the transcript of the said call with the Investors and 
analysts. 
 
Please also find herein below the link of the transcript of the said call that has been uploaded on the 
website of the Company. 
 
https://healthxplatform.com/Pdf/HXPL_Q1_FY27_Earnings_Call_Transcript.pdf 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Health X Platform Limited 
(formerly known as Sastasundar Ventures Limited) 
 
 
 
Pratap Singh 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No.: ACS-24081 

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Health X Platform Limited 
Q1 & FY27 Earning Conference Call” 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
           
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. B.L. MITTAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – HEALTH X PLATFORM 
LIMITED 
MR. LOKESH AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– HEALTH X PLATFORM LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. SOUMYA – GO INDIA ADVISORS 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        Health X Platform Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Health X Platform Limited Q1 and FY27 
Earning Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Soumya from Go India Advisors. Thank you, and over 
to you Soumya. 
Soumya: 
Hi everyone, I welcome you all to Health X Platform Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings Con Call. 
Please note that discussions on today's call may include certain forward-looking statements and 
must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risks pertaining to the business. 
 
We have on call today Mr. B.L. Mittal, the Managing Director and CEO, and Mr. Lokesh 
Agarwal, the CFO. I now request the management to proceed with the opening remarks. Post 
that, we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you sir. 
B.L. Mittal: 
Good afternoon, friends. I am B.L. Mittal. Welcome to the Health X Platform Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings and Business Update Call. We sincerely appreciate your continued trust and support 
as we build Health X into a technology-led, capital-efficient healthcare platform with a clear 
objective of making healthcare more affordable, accessible, and trustworthy across India. 
 
Q1 FY27 has been an encouraging start to the year for us. The initiatives that we have invested 
in during the previous year across RetailerShakti, SastaSundar, geographical expansion, 
fulfilment infrastructure, technology, and JITO are now beginning to translate into stronger 
revenue momentum while we continue to work towards improving the underlying economics of 
the business, building scale with a strong operating foundation. 
 
The strength of our platform today is reflected in the scale we have built. We currently serve 
approximately 75,000 retail pharmacies with more than 50,000 SKUs sourced from over 1,000 
vendors, supported by more than 350 health buddies and 3,500 employees. Importantly, more 
than 95% of our purchases are sourced directly from pharmaceutical companies without paying 
any purchase rights, while our purchase return remains below 1%. This gives us a strong 
sourcing and availability advantage as we continue to scale. 
 
RetailerShakti and SastaSundar both are driving growth now. Our revenue momentum has 
achieved meaningfully, led by our two core platforms. RetailerShakti grew 48% Y-o-Y, 
continuing to remain our principal growth engine. While SastaSundar grew 44% Y-o-Y, 
reflecting a strong B2C business. 
 
The quality of this growth is also encouraging. Within Retailer Shakti, 69.4% of business comes 
from orders above 2,500 and 42.4% from orders above 5,000, indicating that retailers are 
increasingly consolidating a meaningful share of their procurement requirements on our 
platform. This also eliminates the focus on certain customers because the sales are widespread 
of in thousands of customers. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        Health X Platform Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
Similarly, 69.2% of SastaSundar orders are above 1,000, highlighting a healthy consumer basket 
size, and it also reflects that 30.8% of our orders are going below 1,000 that shows us the 
capability to serve even the smallest order. Together these platforms provide us with a strong 
base to deepen customer engagement and build a larger healthcare ecosystem. 
 
We are expanding beyond our existing markets, a part of our key strategy is to replicate this 
model across geographies. Building on our existing West Bengal infrastructure, we have 
expanded into Odisha, Bihar, and Jharkhand, while strengthening our northern operations 
through our Noida infrastructure. We have already deployed sales team and established the 
logistics and fulfilment capabilities required to penetrate these markets. 
 
The early response reinforce our confidence in this strategy. Importantly, our business is not 
dependent only on large metropolitan markets. Approximately 67% of RetailerShakti business 
and 78% of SastaSundar business comes from tier 2 and tier 3 markets. This reinforces our 
philosophy of inclusive healthcare infrastructure in India, which the India needs and we provide 
across geographies, across income level. 
 
This demonstrates the scalability of our model and the significant opportunity available in 
underserved markets where accessibility, affordability, and reliability availability remain 
important needs. 
 
Our new initiative JITO, which is creating another growth opportunity. That is another strategic 
initiative, a JITO private label, through which we aim to make quality healthcare significantly 
more affordable by offering medicines at prices up to 60% lower than leading branded 
alternatives. We see JITO as an opportunity to simultaneously improve affordability for 
customers and create an additional margin opportunity for the platform. At this stage, our focus 
remains on building the right distribution network, establishing customer acceptance, and 
scaling the business in a disciplined manner. 
We are investing ahead of scale while improving economics on profitability. EBITDA stood at 
INR14.9 crores during the quarter. As we continue to invest on team and in technology-led 
capabilities across procurement, fulfilment, inventory management, and customer engagement. 
I would like to reiterate that almost all our revenue is contribution margin positive revenue. 
We have consistently maintained that technology investments need to be made ahead of scale, 
but capital deployment must ultimately be supported by sound economics. Our objective is, 
therefore, to continue investing in capabilities that can provide productivity and customer 
experience, while progressively moving the platform towards stronger profitability and capital 
efficiency. 
Our PAT stood at INR2 crores, reflecting the improving underlying economics of the business. 
Technology and fulfilment are also key enablers. Technology remains central to how we intend 
to scale the platform. We are continuing to strengthen our platform infrastructure and our 
existing network complimented by new capabilities in Guwahati, Lucknow, and Udaipur. These 
facilities will allow us to penetrate deeper into the market. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        Health X Platform Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
We have already entered and improve service level as volumes increase. Our fulfilment centers 
are becoming increasingly automatic and technology-led helping us improve throughout, 
inventory management, and manpower productivity. At the same time, we remain focused on 
maintaining a capital efficient model. Our working capital cycle is approximately 28 days, 
equivalent to roughly 8% of revenue. 
This provide us with a strong foundation to scale without proportionately increasing our working 
capital requirement. Friends, our company is in just infant stage, but this much I can say that the 
model is established as one of the highest growing company with most capital efficient 
requirement. 
Now I speak about the outlook. Overall, we believe that FY27 can be an important year for 
Health X. This quarter is the best quarter in the history of the company. We are ahead of the 
composite sales with Flipkart partnership that entered and ultimately terminated. This quarter 
we cross the highest turnover which we reported in during our Flipkart partnership era. And this 
year we believe that should be the best year in the history of Health X. 
The investment made during the previous year are now coming together. RetailerShakti is 
scaling strongly, SastaSundar is recovering, our geographical footprint is expanding, new 
fulfilment capabilities are coming online, and JITO is gradually building momentum. Our focus 
for the year is clear: grow the platform, deepen our presence across India, improve technology 
efficiency, and progressively enhance profitability and capital efficiency. 
We are continuously working to launch our AI-monitored RetailAir product for our retailers, 
and we are scheduled to launch in this quarter. Hopefully in the next quarter we will confirm the 
success of the project. We believe the combination of our customer network, sourcing 
capabilities, technology platform, and expanding infrastructure give us a strong foundation to 
build a large, scalable, and sustainable healthcare platform over the coming years. 
With this, I now request our CFO, Mr. Lokesh Agarwal to take you through the detailed financial 
performance for the quarter ended June 2026. Mr. Lokesh Agarwal, thank you. 
Lokesh Agarwal: 
Thank you, Mittal ji. Good afternoon, everyone. So again, Health X delivered a strong top line 
momentum in Q1 FY27, with revenue from operations growing more than 58% at year-on-year 
level to INR440 crores and registering a growth of over 16% on quarter-on-quarter basis from 
INR378 crores. Gross profit increased by 64% year-on-year to INR34 crores and 24% quarter-
on-quarter, while gross margin improved to 7.8% from 7.3% in quarter four of FY26. 
Operating profitability also improved sequentially, with EBITDA loss narrowing to INR15 
crores from INR20 crores in Q4 FY26 and EBITDA margin improving to negative 3.4% from 
negative 5.5%. Despite this strong revenue growth, EBITDA remained slightly impacted by 
higher employee and other operating expenses. At PAT level, the company reported a profit of 
INR2 crores in Q1 FY27 marking a significant improvement from negative INR13 crores loss 
in Q4 FY26, although profitability remained below INR26 crores PAT reported in Q1 FY26. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        Health X Platform Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Overall, the quarter reflects a strong sequential operational improvement, with revenue and gross 
profit accelerating and operating losses narrowing meaningfully. Going forward, the key focus 
remains on converting this strong momentum and revenue growth into sustainable EBITDA and 
PAT profitability through operating leverage and tighter cost monitoring and management. 
As we move forward, we expect the new geographical markets, additional fulfilment 
infrastructure, increasing retail penetration and SastaSundar's continued recovery and the 
gradual scaling of JITO to support further growth. Our focus remains on maintaining right 
balance between growth, margin improvement, and capital efficiency. With this, I would like to 
hand the floor back to the moderator for any Q&A from the participants. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
First question comes from the line of Sanchita Sood with Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sanchita Sood: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my question was that for RetailerShakti specifically, what 
was the gross margin and EBITDA margin in Q1 FY27? 
Lokesh Agarwal: 
So in Q1 FY27 at RetailerShakti, we are maintaining a gross margin of around 7.8% and 
EBITDA number we are closer to break even and expect to make positive EBITDA in Q3 this 
financial year end. 
Sanchita Sood: 
Okay, and sir, any revenue aspiration for FY27 and FY28? 
B.L. Mittal: 
As I said that we do not project on yearly basis, but I can tell you what happened in July. So 
July, we ended with INR150 crores plus revenue. So you look into the growth, you can now 
extrapolate the revenue projection for this year and next year. July, we ended with INR150 
crores, subject to audit, revenue monthly ARR. 
Sanchita Sood: 
All right, that's all from my end. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question come from the line of Abhishek Singhal with Perpetuity Funds. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Thanks for taking my question. Sir, I first wanted to get some perspective around the gross 
margin potential of the business that we are building. And, so if you take, how is your private 
label/JITO panning out in terms of percentage of revenue, how that can ramp up and potential 
impact of that in gross margin? Because if you compare some of the other listed businesses and 
look at the gross margin there, they have kind of started reporting almost double-digit gross 
margin, at the consol level, 10%, 11%, 12% also. So I just want to get some perspective around 
how this gross margin ramps up for that? 
And subsequent to that, if you can, you know, provide some clarity around below gross margin, 
the current cost structures. How that pan out, and what kind of an operating leverage that we see 
in this business flowing through as the numbers of quarters roll by? So if you give some 
directional context around that, that would really help us understand the business slightly much 
better than we currently do on the reported numbers. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        Health X Platform Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
B.L. Mittal: 
Thank you Abhishek, this is very important question. We also look into these things. So if you 
see the companies operating in the distribution business, if you see the pharmacy distribution 
business at gross margin level is a fabulous good business both in terms of retail and both in 
terms of wholesale. The companies are making good profits and sufficient gross margin I would 
say healthy margins. 
 
Now if you compare the SastaSundar with others then if you compare at the level of -- because 
the gross margin is the function of volume. Largely volume, how you procure, at what volume 
you procure. So at this level, if you compare other companies what they were doing then you 
will find that the Health X performance is better than any of the competitors. That is number 
one. 
And number two is that coming to the gross margin -- from here it expanded by virtue of one, is 
by volume, second is by increasing your wallet share of the retailer and third is by increasing the 
private label. So, private label Jito ramp up I am pretty sure. So we launched in the last quarter 
of financial year ‘26 and we sold product of Jito around 25 lakhs. And this quarter we sold 
around 79 lakhs.  
So though these are very minor numbers but the growth is significant. And the gross margin is 
above 50%. So this Jito revenue ramp up will increase the gross margin. And then, since we are 
the digital business, so we increase the wallet share very significantly like selling of devices, 
like selling of OTC products, like selling of health care products, preventive care products of the 
pharmacies, and thereby we increase the gross margin.  
So the gross margin if we see the industry level that taken together of both B2B and B2C, we 
expect to pan out of around 12% going forward. And down the line we don't look the EBITDA 
because the main problem of the industry is the depreciation. If you see the beautiful companies, 
they kill the gross margin earned in their depreciation and the depreciation is the real cost.  
So we through digital distribution system, we want to eliminate the depreciation cost and interest 
cost. And straight away come to the functions whereby from the gross margin to the 
administrative cost it goes directly to the shareholders' kitty. So similarly our entire philosophy 
is that we should do the same kind of business as the industry practices are, in a different manner, 
adding the digital technology capabilities, add the capital efficiency and add the distribution 
capability, digital distribution capabilities and we are done.  
So the capital efficiency along with the digital distribution, digital distribution will ensure the 
growth comes in a rapid automated manner. And capital efficiency ensures that there is no 
depreciation and no interest cost and from directly sales it comes to the cash flow. So our focus 
is not EBITDA, our focus is cash flow from the revenue. Thank you, I hope it is clear, Abhishek. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Got it. Sir just to expand a bit more on this gross margin perspective, if I remember correctly 
you right now mentioned somewhere around INR150 crores kind of a revenue for the month of 
July in your business right? That is both Retailer Shakti and the Health Buddy business put 
together right? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        Health X Platform Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
B.L. Mittal: 
Yes. 
Abhishek Singhal 
And sir, you mentioned that 70 lakh was more like a quarterly, so what I want to understand is, 
sir, that you are talking about Jito at like a 50% kind of a gross margin business, so just from a 
leverage on this perspective, so for example once your INR150 crores top line goes to say 
INR200 crores a month, in your view what could the Jito contribution be in this or the private 
label or whatever like, your own push be in that?  
And so essentially what I'm trying to arrive at is that, if say your Jito revenue becomes 2% of 
your monthly sales, it could almost add like a 100 basis point kind of a gross margin expansion 
right? So how are you factoring that and what kind of say if I were to look at next two, three 
years as a percentage of sales, be it quarterly, monthly or an annual basis, your -- this part of the 
business can entail like in the next three years, this could go to 5%, 6% of your top line, some 
trajectory and direction around that will give us some perspective, sir. 
B.L. Mittal: 
I mean, whatever you are mentioning, Abhishek, I fully agree with that. To that line I think we 
are working upon that, that much I can say but I mean, it's very difficult to predict anything 
because we are evolving company. We are an emerging company and we believe that there will 
be multi more new initiatives coming forward.  
But Jito we are quite hopeful and whatever figures you mentioned, we internally -- our working 
suggest that we will surpass that without mentioning any specific guidelines. So, our internal 
working, our internal projections, our internal business plan suggests that we will surpass 
whatever figures you mentioned in your narrative. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Okay. And sir from a region perspective, can you please help give us some perspective. So if 
your current run rate in terms of revenue, how much is West Bengal contributing, how much 
are, say for example, the other parts of India contributing? And the new regions, how are you 
seeing them ramp up, some perspective around your geographical expansion and the current 
growth contributors as well, from a region perspective, that would be really helpful. 
B.L. Mittal: 
I'm very happy to announce that the product has been proven in across the market. So from West 
Bengal, this quarter we expanded to Odisha, Jharkhand, Bihar and Chhattisgarh. From Noida, 
we expanded to Haryana and UP and Rajasthan. Assam Northeast, we are covering. So 30% is 
right now out of West Bengal and all markets are giving very good response. 
And in terms of the growth, I must tell you that the Northeast is the highest growing entity. This 
shows that this Tier-2, Tier-3 geography and where -- as per IPM, if you see the Jharkhand is 
having the highest growth rate. This is happening because the India is changing. This I firmly 
saying to my internal team that you look the IPM data, that 70 crores , 80 crores new people who 
hitherto was not taking medicines.  
You were talking about the Jito, so Jito is no more a substitution, it is the requirement of those 
80 crores people who are coming first time in the pharmacy shop to buy the medicine. So, I am 
very much hopeful for these new geographies. In Jharkhand we are planning to set up a new 
warehouse in Ranchi. Patna and Chhattisgarh, so these geographies we will ramp up this year 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        Health X Platform Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
and next year very, very aggressively looking to our success in Assam. And as far as the Assam 
is concerned, that is the growing very fast and rapidly. So the underpenetrated area has more 
scope of distribution and has more share of the Jito. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Okay sir, I will join back the queue. Thank you. 
B.L. Mittal: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Disha with Sapphire Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Disha: 
Hello. Am I audible, sir? 
B.L. Mittal: 
Yes, you are audible, Disha. 
Disha: 
Yes, thank you so much, sir, for this opportunity. So sir, for Retailer Shakti you mentioned that 
we have a gross margin of 7.8% and EBITDA is closer to break even. For the Health Buddy 
platform, what is the current gross margin and the EBITDA margin level for this quarter? 
B.L. Mittal: 
So actually -- I tell you the SastaSundar we are building, I must tell you what our vision behind 
SastaSundar. So SastaSundar is the building a B2C business. So there are two ways of building 
B2C business. One way is that we go digitally, entirely digitally, we have to spend in network, 
brand acquisition, technology. And if we go physically, we have to spend in retail shops and kill 
money into depreciation.  
So the depreciation model will show you the good EBITDA but the cash flow will not come. 
The SastaSundar, as per our model, we spend around 15% of building the revenue. So suppose 
we build a INR200 crores revenue in this year then we have to invest around 15% of that, means 
INR30 crores. So if you see the current EBITDA loss of SastaSundar, Health Buddy around 90% 
loss is by virtue of technology built up, that is number one.  
The technology built up, I tell you the AI built up is both for Retailer Shakti and SastaSundar as 
I suggested that we are naturally look for this Retailer. And SastaSundar also we are building AI 
technology. And second is building revenue because we don't open shops, so the entire building 
revenue comes in profit and loss account. My humble request is that if you look Health X and if 
you are investing in Health X, don't look from EBITDA perspective.  
We are not an EBITDA positive company for the next two, three years and we neither look the 
EBITDA from perspective. So EBITDA is not our priority, our priority is building a very, very 
large company without looking hurriedly EBITDA in SastaSundar business and we will build a 
solid business with a straight cash flow without killing any money in depreciation. Thank you. 
Disha: 
So sir, these gross margins -- so okay not looking at the EBITDA margin. For the gross margin, 
I think we were at 9.1% this quarter. What will be the target for the entire year? 
B.L. Mittal: 
Entire year we will be maintaining 8% plus gross margin. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        Health X Platform Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Disha: 
Sorry? 
B.L. Mittal: 
8% plus gross margin. 
Disha: 
And what is our eventual target, sir? Where do we want to take this number to, say next two, 
three years? 
B.L. Mittal: 
As I said that it will run to 12%, from 8% to 12% if you look the industry. See the gross margin 
is the function where we will be making similar kind of gross margin where industry is working, 
because the customers pricing and supply, we are buying from the same companies, we are 
supplying to the same customers.  
So, gross margin differentiation will be as per the industry. Differentiation will go by that 
infrastructure we built and technology and capital efficiency that is the only two factors which 
will differentiate in terms of return on capital employed, in terms of revenue and in terms of 
growth. 
So the gross margin will be the industry, the industry in B2B is operating around 12% and B2C 
net off last mile retail shop expenses is also around 12% gross margin. So the gross margin is 
around 12% and we should achieve that at that scale. 
Disha: 
Okay. And just the last thing from my side. So we have seen revenues increasing, sir, but quarter-
on-quarter we've seen a bit decline in the other expenses. So what has led to that? 
B.L. Mittal: 
The other expenses are not declining, as percentage of revenue that is declining. As the revenue 
increases your fixed cost remains same. So if you see the percentage that will decline. So that is 
a natural phenomena as the scale goes, the fixed cost remains same and the expenses jump. That 
is how the company achieves the profitability going forward. 
Disha: 
Okay. That’s it from my side, thank you. 
B.L. Mittal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question come from the line of Rohit with iThought PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rohit: 
Good afternoon sir. I hope I'm audible? 
B.L. Mittal: 
Yes. 
Rohit: 
Sir, first of all, sorry, I'm a bit new to your company, so please pardon some questions which 
may be very basic. So sir, if I were to look at your business right now, so based on your 
presentation, you're saying that in the last financial year you did INR155 crores in SastaSundar 
and about INR1,125 crores in Retailer Shakti.  
So, I mean, so if you were to sort of double click on both these businesses for a minute, so can 
you sort of -- so it seems from the outside that SastaSundar is a very different business from 
Retailer Shakti in the sense that it has to -- the customer acquisition is much more difficult and 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        Health X Platform Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
also you have much more bigger players with deeper pockets. So can you maybe just help us 
understand like what is -- so if you were to step back and then both these businesses are different, 
so how are you trying to build it?  
First question is, is it different or is it understanding even correct from your vantage point? These 
are different businesses or is that not so? So, if you can maybe help us understand the nuances 
of these two businesses in a little bit more detail. 
B.L. Mittal: 
So your question is right. I mean, these are not two different businesses. See, this business is -- 
one part is the procurement, second part is fulfillment, third part is technology and fourth part is 
the last level of customer. So the first part, second part and third part both Retailer Shakti and 
SastaSundar are same.  
Now coming to B2C business that you address to, we have a very unique Health Buddy model, 
which are also Retailer Shakti's customer type, they are also small pharmacies. So, we run a 
Health Buddy model. And we spend around 15% on building the revenue. So we have estimated 
that if we say build a INR2,000 crores SastaSundar company then we spend 15% of that INR300 
crores. And a INR2,000 crores company we can make 5% revenue accretion that is coming 
INR100 crores per year.  
So by investing INR300 crores, we make INR100 crores per year. So that is a 30% IRR on our 
investment. That is the pure mathematics of building SastaSundar business. Having said that, 
because that mathematics coming only because we don't -- we need to invest only in one vertical, 
that is the customer acquisition and building brand. And then from analyst point of view if you 
look then you will see -- because it will take certain amount of time, then index itself gives us 
the comfort.  
But if I am going to time 2015-16, when SastaSundar was over 80% business and when we just 
started Retailer Shakti then the same thesis analysts asked us that why are you building Retailer 
Shakti? Who will buy without credit? You have a solid business of SastaSundar, why don't you 
expand, why don't you focus? So you just wait for one, two, three years. Once you start seeing 
the figures coming, then you get comfort out of that. 
Rohit: 
No, sure sir. I mean your scale up in RetailerShakti is quite impressive and really.. 
B.L. Mittal: 
No, no SastaSundar was impressive, SastaSundar business, we sold it. I -- you must appreciate 
that SastaSundar business was INR500 crores per year business in the same company. We sold 
Flipkart for INR800 crores. And our company built capital out of that and out of the treasury 
income of that capital we are investing. So we made huge money out of SastaSundar narrative. 
And right now also I mean at any point of time business like SastaSundar, which has a 
contributing margin business can be sold for by five, six times the investment. So I mean this is 
a very beautiful business for building a very large scale business with large opportunities, you 
just need to look futuristic performance rather than putting into scale and see the linear 
progression. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        Health X Platform Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Rohit: 
Mm right, understood sir. No I mean so in, so can you just maybe explain the Healthbuddy 
model? What is the difference here? So I mean is it like typically.. 
B.L. Mittal: 
Yes, yes. So, a Healthbuddy model we have explained in the slide also. The Healthbuddy model 
is that we don't directly deal with the customer. So, we appoint franchisee in each PIN code who 
don't hold inventory. So, they run the store without inventory. So, they book the customer's order 
on their shop and whatever order is coming in our app and website at SastaSundar, those are 
transferred to our central warehouse and we deliver to that Healthbuddy. 
So the last mile delivery, the compliance part, the last mile customer engagement part is being 
handled by that Healthbuddy. So, Healthbuddy is an independent franchisee partner, who is a 
like a retail store, like a general retail store. So, for us, this the supplies all the retailers, be it 
Healthbuddy or a general retailer. 
So, RetailerShakti supplies to general retailer, SastaSundar supplies to company appointed 
franchisee partner named Healthbuddy. But all are B2B business for us. Procurement is single, 
warehousing fulfilment center is single, tech team is single, and management is single. And as I 
said, we need to spend only 15% of the revenue, while if you see the other companies which are 
building in this company, because they have to do everything together for B2C business, they 
have to spend five times more than SastaSundar building JITO. So that kind of leverage -- why 
should we leave that leverage on table? 
Rohit: 
So sir, when you, so let's say I am sorry, maybe this is a very stupid question but, so let's say 
when you say that the franchisees don't hold inventory, so how does the customer know that 
there is a franchisee? So that's money spending you do. So, is there an app on which you will 
have your franchises listed and the customer acquisition happens on your app and the fulfilment 
happens by you at the back end and based on the location etc through tech, the nearest person 
will then get fulfilled? Is that how it is? 
B.L. Mittal: 
Yes, this is a, this is a hybrid model where by -- suppose a Healthbuddy starts, then first thing is 
he has a opening of his shop. So open, he calls all his friends, all his relatives, so say 100 people 
gather for tea, samosa party. And from that he starts selling 20 prescriptions to his friends. And 
then we build a health camp in his area, and he get another 20 customers. 
Then we build a customer engagement program in his area, another 20, 60 customers. Then he 
takes reference and build 100 customers. And 100 customers means 3 lakh sales per year. So, I 
mean, this kind of data come organically. So there is a twin effort. One effort is from 
Healthbuddy and second is health from digital capabilities and on ground activation. 
So the Healthbuddy has a center in their particular area, that gives comfort and human touch to 
the customer also, so that is how it helps. 
Rohit: 
Got it. Understood. And sir this 7%, 8% of your revenue which comes from finance is basically 
your treasury income? 
B.L. Mittal: 
Yes, it is treasury income. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        Health X Platform Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Rohit: 
Understood. Okay. Okay. Sure sir, I think at this point of time that's all from my side. I'll 
probably read more and come back for more questions. Maybe I'll reach out to the IR and set up 
a call. Thank you. 
B.L. Mittal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question come from the line of Amit Mehendale with Robo Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Mehendale: 
Thank you. Sir, my first question is again on the burn for SastaSundar. I think we plan to, if I 
remember correctly, we had spent about INR50 crores and we wanted to spend another INR100 
crores in FY27 and 28. I am just wanting to kind of discuss a little bit on the rationale of spending 
INR40 crores, INR50 crores. 
My understanding there is that we don't require too much money for acquiring customers 
because it's largely a B2B2C model and acquiring health buddies is not very expensive. And 
from a customer side, the customer comes to us largely for discounts. Because we offer say 20%, 
22% discount on a -- so why, so that INR50 crores that we are spending, what exactly does it do 
for the customer? 
B.L. Mittal: 
No, the large part is that -- the some part of the money goes from building SastaSundar brand. 
So we are advertising for SastaSundar app in our territories. So that SastaSundar brand is built, 
so one part is that. And second part is the tech, tech team salary. So tech we are building 
futuristically. As I said you that RetailerShakti is building a SaaS software called Retail Air, and 
we are building AI tool for customers based upon counseling, artificial intelligence tool. 
So these tools, salaries are being debited in the profit and loss account. And then see the 
expansion part is also not very easy, as you have seen in our presentation we have given that we 
have started expanding in new territories like Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha. So this we don't have 
an acquisition cost, we are not acquiring any existing revenue. 
We are building revenue from our own resources. So we have to put sales team on the ground, 
so their expenses are debited into new geographies like -- these geographies we have taken. We 
are building new warehouse in Noida, Guwahati, Lucknow, Udaipur, everywhere require team, 
everywhere require efforts. 
So, and this 47% of growth which will come, there are two ways, either we pay huge premium 
to outsiders and buy out, then there will be capital allocation and the ROE will be compromised. 
But the analyst will be very happy to see the good amount of profit. But the capital is gone. And 
if I say I build at a 10% of the cost, but that 10% cost will be debited into profit and loss account. 
And that will be seen in the accounting as a burn. So if you look from my company, my company 
will look from the capital efficiency model, that these burnings are for generating revenue. See 
the differentiation part of our company is that we are a company which did not acquire any 
revenue, rather sold the revenue. And we bought back the shares. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        Health X Platform Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
We sold the revenue, built our capital base, and out of the treasury income building business, 
and we bought the capital rather than expanding and diluting the capital. So these are the two 
differences. Not a single penny of paid acquisition of a single revenue. Rather we sold 90% of 
revenue to Flipkart and then again building, and still have crossed that largest quarter in this 
quarter. 
So these are the key differentiators, so these are the magic of capital efficiency which you can 
realize only after 4-5 years, once you see that how the capital efficiency measures in terms of 
shareholders wealth. 
Amit Mehendale: 
Right sir, I think definitely, I mean, that it is definitely capital efficient. My just, the point was 
that the branding or the technology cost that we are spending on AI, at least currently the 
customer doesn't want AI. I think my understanding is that customer comes to us for discounts. 
But anyway, do you have numbers for how much we are spending for technology and how much 
we are spending for branding? 
B.L. Mittal: 
That is the -- I myself asked this questions to -- I was an analyst at Microsec when I was running 
financial company, and I was fool to ask these things to Infosys call that why you -- why are you 
investing in AI? So I mean, these questions are normal, but you look -- you have to look the 
futures. And we are looking the futures. 
And not today, but once after 3 years all of a sudden you will find that yes, the customer needs 
AI, the customer needs counseling. And it's not that customer needs AI, customer does not AI. 
Customer needs counseling. The retailers are not required to adopt the AI. Retailers are required 
to minimize the inventory. And that minimization can be done by the automation of AI. 
Probably our Retail Air tool they will not understand that this is an AI tool. But they will 
definitely understand that it decreases their inventory level, inventory investment from 40 days 
to 4 days. Think about a retailer who does not need credit by automating his retail shop. 
Everything is automatically connected with RetailerShakti, the order process is automatically, 
and he has to invest say 10 lakhs in his inventory, that comes to INR2 lakhs in a month, by 
adopting the new software. 
So, these kind of technology is it's not about adoption of AI, but it is adoption of a new facilities, 
and it automatically happens, all of a sudden it happens. It happens in UPI in India, it happens 
in your capital market in 2000s as option. So, the option becomes easy when, when consumers 
see the value of that in their daily life. 
Amit Mehendale: 
Right, sir. Do I get -- is it possible to get a split of that INR50 crores-INR60 crores burn in 
technology, branding, and customer acquisition? 
B.L. Mittal: 
So, you can say that branding will be around 25% and technology should be around 40%, 45%, 
and then 30% would be the acquisition cost. So, I mean this is overall estimate, broad estimate, 
we have not given... 
Moderator: 
Sir, I am sorry to interrupt, but we are not able to hear you management. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        Health X Platform Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Lokesh Agarwal: 
So, breakup of this burning is somewhere around 25% to 30% is towards marketing and 
advertisement, while the 40% to 45% goes towards tech related cost. 
Amit Mehendale: 
Right, sir. And my last point or rather a suggestion is to provide P&L by business segments, you 
know, that will be of great help. If you could split the P&L by SastaSundar and, you know, 
RetailerShakti separately. And then carve out the -- you know, the one off costs which are the -
- which is the burn that we are doing, that will help us to understand, you know, the gross margins 
and EBITDA much better. Thank you. 
B.L. Mittal: 
Yeah. We are thinking about that, but right now what is happening, the 2/3 of the activities like 
procurement, fulfilment, and tech are so integrated that carve out is not becoming possible. But 
we are working upon that, we are working upon our tech adaptabilities. Once it is ready we will 
start giving you the separate figures. 
Amit Mehendale: 
Right, sir. And if I may, you know, add just one last point, you know, at least our understanding 
is that, you know, the burn, you know, the market cap of the company is definitely, you know, 
if you compare with the scale at which we are growing as well as the cash that we have, you 
know, definitely, you know, there is a lot of scope for improvement on the market cap. But I 
guess the -- you know, our understanding at least is that the burn, you know, for 2 years is 
delaying the, you know, eventual discovery, price discovery. So maybe, you know, if you could 
just think about that, it will be helpful. 
B.L. Mittal: 
So, definitely we will do that. We will do the appropriate disclosures which helps you to 
understand the investors, but we will expand the so-called burning, but we will continue to burn 
and continue to invest in technology, because we are in infancy stage, we have not reached out. 
So, we will not stop our investment in technology, maybe more and more, so -- but definitely 
we will disclose it appropriately. 
Amit Mehendale: 
Thank you, sir. 
B.L. Mittal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question come from the line of Ramesh with SJ Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Ramesh: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
B.L. Mittal: 
Yeah. 
Ramesh: 
Yes, sir. So, I just wanted to understand, you mentioned in the past that like our last few con-
calls, you mentioned that in a year or 2, we'll probably reach EBITDA break even. While now 
we are extending the timeline by 2 years to 3 years. Like can I exactly -- like, sorry, I joined the 
call a little later, could you explain why are we postponing that timeline to a little later? 
B.L. Mittal: 
No, we are not postponing. The RetailerShakti we earlier said that we will achieve the break 
even this year. We are near to break even and because the burning is coming by virtue of our 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        Health X Platform Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
B2C business, we have never said that taking together B2C we will achieve the break even in 
the current year. 
Ramesh: 
Got it, sir. So, can you exactly tell what the exact burn is just for SastaSundar, I understand you 
tech cost and marketing cost, could you just add to business -- could you explain how much the 
burn is? 
B.L. Mittal: 
So, we will as I earlier I fully explained the methodology of the burning and we will figure out 
that to properly disclose segment wise investment from the time, then we are able to segregate 
the accounting things. Right now, all these are at integrated cost. But definitely we will show 
you. 
Ramesh: 
Got it, sir. And coming to our warehouses, so we have had an option, like we have multiple 
geographies setting up capacities and with land acquisition and building usually there are delays 
with the season I would think. Could you explain what, how are we like progressing forward 
with these warehouses and where all did we start and like what is the percentage we are done 
with? 
B.L. Mittal: 
So, the Noida, we have already started and another this 17th August, we are starting the new 
warehouse only, the Noida is done. And West Bengal is partly done. Guwahati, we have 
expanded existing capacity by taking new warehouse on rent, and 75,000 sq. ft. this we are 
starting the construction in next 6 months’ time. 
 
Others are Udaipur we have started the construction, Patna and Guwahati we will -- Patna and 
Lucknow we will start in next 2 months, 3 months. So, these are the 2 years planning everywhere. 
So, we take on rent and start immediately warehousing, and in the meantime, wherever is we 
see the good potentiality, we start building large capacity side by side, so that we can shift for 
the next growth phase. 
Ramesh: 
Sir, so right now, the Guwahati is right now our priority in terms of from converting the rental 
to our own facility, right? 
B.L. Mittal: 
Yes. 
Ramesh: 
Got it, sir. So, and terms of the JITO response, could you explain like how the market has been 
taking it? Because I'm just trying to understand overall our brands, we have SastaSundar, 
Healthbuddy, and JITO, like both have -- has physical footprint as we know, and JITO also has 
more to it. So, could you explain, are we able to communicate this to the channel properly or has 
there been a disharmony in terms of anything on the ground? 
B.L. Mittal: 
No. This is -- this, we have communicated very properly. The JITO revenue as I said in my 
earlier comments, that we started in the last quarter and we sold INR25 lakhs of product of JITO 
in Q4 FY26. That raised to INR79 lakhs in current quarter. So, these are a very small base figure 
is very low, but the growth is 200%. So, we see the good potentiality of JITO and good traction 
of JITO because it is the need of the consumer requirement, and this will grow. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        Health X Platform Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Ramesh: 
So, is there a timeline in terms of all of them? 
B.L. Mittal: 
Which timeline? 
Ramesh: 
Convert, so we convert I think a few of the Healthbuddies into JITOs right? So, is there any plan 
to convert all the Healthbuddies into JITO clinics, like JITO pharmacies? 
B.L. Mittal: 
No. JITO, we have already converted 19 Healthbuddies into JITO and 25 are in pipeline. So 
around 50% of the Healthbuddy will be converted into JITO in next 3 months time. And 
remaining are shall operate standalone Healthbuddy without JITO. So, these are the timelines 
for conversion of existing. We are creating a new channel of pure play JITO franchisee partners, 
we have invited partnership interest, so we are moving ahead in this year, but we have not set 
the timeline for this. Let the progress come on and then we decide how to measure by timeline. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Ramesh, I am sorry to interrupt you, but you may please rejoin the queue for more 
questions. Thank you. 
Ramesh: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question come from the line of Abhishek Singhal with Perpetuity Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Sir, thanks for taking my follow on here. I just wanted to get a perspective on our readiness as 
far as our warehouses are concerned. So, from what I understand currently the way you are 
scaling your business, you know your current infrastructure, what kind of top line per quarter 
can it sustain? And you know, how are you thinking about the backend from that perspective?  
And also, if you can add that perspective because a lot of automation you had done at your, you 
know, at your Calcutta, Kolkata warehouse. So, have you replicated that kind of an automation 
across the board and something around the backend if you can help us?  
And secondly on this also sir, if you can please help explain that this last mile delivery, are we 
having riders with us? You know, how does that pan out, if you can just give us some perspective 
around that. 
B.L. Mittal: 
Yes, so I must give you that perspective around that. So the first part, I should take, is the 
automation of the warehouses. So our existing warehouse infrastructure or fulfilment center 
infrastructure are ready to take up around 100% growth from the current level. So INR2500 
crores to INR3000 crores it means next year 2028 we don't have any issue for the existing 
infrastructure.  
After that we require the massive infrastructure as per the growth plans and going to the new 
territories. So for massive infrastructure, since we are into a pharmacy warehouses whereby you 
know those are required licenses and those are required more hygiene and more capacity and 
more locality and more suitability.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        Health X Platform Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
So, we don't want to be dependent upon outside warehouses, but want to own the entire logistics 
and the fulfilment center. We want to make this also as an USP of our company going forward. 
And second part is the riders for the last mile delivery. We don't hire third party riders because 
pharmacy is not selling potato, these are a very delicate things where you know we have to 
ensure that there is a proper atmosphere in the warehouse system and we don't need to change 
because we are dealing with 50,000 SKUs.  
So, the expiry of the lease means transmission means huge losses and we are into the continuous 
operations so we can't afford to that. So that is how we are building. And logistics all the riders 
are on our payroll and we treat them very nicely, we provide them all the benefits whatever is 
applicable to our full-time employee and happy about that. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Got it sir, thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question come from the line of Preet Shah from Canny Art Home. Please 
go ahead. 
Preet Shah: 
Mittal sir, Preet here, so firstly many thanks for the strong numbers and for continuing to walk 
the talk. And the vision and ambition are remarkable for building such a futuristic AI enabled 
and forward-looking company. So, thanks for that.  
The question that I have, what is the current capacity utilization and what is the maximum 
revenue can be achieved with existing infrastructure? And the second question is are we facing 
any issues with the authority or permitting or anything for any upcoming warehouses? 
B.L. Mittal: 
So, we are not facing any authority problem or any licensing problem for any of the warehouses, 
those are fully compliant and issued. And as I said that from there are three parts of the fulfilment 
center capacity expansion. One is the pure existing, one is the existing plus, that is already inside 
by side extension you can say.  
And then third is building capabilities. So, existing we are running about 90% of the capacity, 
but you save the existing plus sideway extension that will cover another 50% to 100% of our 
revenue. So up to INR3000 crores revenue our existing plus side extension will be sufficient. 
Then we will need a massive amount of infrastructure development for building a seamless 
infrastructure into a large company.  
And for that we have envisaged the capex plan also, we have started building our new warehouse 
capabilities. But that will be a strong USP of our company going forward. 
Preet Shah: 
Okay got it, got it sir. Many thanks for this. And sir last question, are we on track with the SEBI 
approval for this merger and demerger scheme? 
B.L. Mittal: 
Yes, yes, we are absolutely on track. We have started taking questions from stock exchange and 
replying them. We don't find any problem into anything so far. 
Preet Shah: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. That's all from my ends, many thanks. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        Health X Platform Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
B.L. Mittal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take the last question from Neelam Punjabi with 
Perpetuity Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Neelam Punjabi: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on some great set of numbers. Sir, my first 
question is, you mentioned that 70% of our revenues is from West Bengal. So, what's the current 
market share that we have in the region and what is our target for this market share in the next 
three to four years? 
B.L. Mittal: 
Current market share in Kolkata and West Bengal should be around 3%, 4%. In next two, three 
years we want to make it double from here, so say 7%. 
Neelam Punjabi: 
Got it. And sir, my second question is in the Retailer Shakti business, out of 75,000 retailer 
pharmacies that we have as per the deck, how many are active transacting pharmacies? And 
what is our current wallet share right now? 
B.L. Mittal: 
Active, I mean, almost all registered do some transactions in a period of one year. But if you say 
last 30 days, pure super active, then 40,000 pharmacies are active in last 30 days. 
Neelam Punjabi: 
Got it. And sir what would be our average wallet share with these pharmacies? 
B.L. Mittal: 
So somewhere around 2% would be the average wallet share. 
Neelam Punjabi: 
Okay. And what's our target in terms of getting additional wallet share from these existing 
pharmacies, any number that you have in mind? 
B.L. Mittal: 
The target is the mainly as I said that this AI enabled SaaS, we are launching Retail Air. So once 
we launch the Retail Air, our entire target is to eliminate the inventory requirement at the 
pharmacy level.  
So suppose a retailer is keeping inventory of 30 days, our target is to eliminate that from 30 days 
to five, six days because we guarantee the next day delivery. So, we want to automate that, and 
the wallet share we want to increase the double of each retailer. So these things we will start 
working once we launch this Retail Air software, AI based SaaS in the next quarter. 
Neelam Punjabi: 
Got it. That's helpful. Thank you so much, and all the best. 
B.L. Mittal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing remarks. Thank you, and over to you. 
B.L. Mittal: 
Thank you, friends, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Health X Platform Limited, that concludes 
today's conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Lokesh Agarwal: 
Thanks, Somya for arranging the call. Thanks everyone. 
