Manufacturer & Exporters of Essential Oils & Aromatics Chemicals 
   Registered Office: A/410-411, A-Wing, Kailash Ind. Complex, Powai Vikhroli link Rd, Vikhroli West, 
 Mumbai-400079. Maharashtra, India, Tel No: +91-2225185231/25185931  
CIN: L24246MH1997PLC111057 
      
 
Corporate Office: A/503, Kailash Ind. Complex, Powai Vikhroli link Rd, Vikhroli (W), Mumbai, Maharashrta, India, Pin - 
400079. Facility 1: Plot No 2, Survey No.16/4/2, Near Alok Industries, Village Rakholi, Silvassa, Dadra & Nagar Haveli, Pin - 
396230.Facility 2: Khasara No 8,9,10,126, Village Gathona, Ujhani Budaun Road, District: Budaun, UP, India, Pin # 243639. 
                                          E-mail: secretarial@gemaromatics.in  Web: www.gemaromatics.in 
 
 
Date: August 20, 2026 
 
To,                                                                                    To,  
Listing / Compliance Department                             Listing / Compliance Department  
BSE Limited                                                                   National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                                         Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001                                   Bandra Kurla Complex  
                                                                                          Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
BSE CODE:  544491                                                      NSE SYMBOL:  GEMAROMA 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
Subject:  Transcript of Conference Call for Investor and Analysts 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Para A of Part A of Schedule III and Regulation 46 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript 
of the conference call for investors and analysts on the Q1 FY27 results held virtually by the Company 
on Friday, August 14, 2026. 
This intimation is also being uploaded on the Company’s website at www.gemaromatics.com.  
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
For Gem Aromatics Limited 
 
Akshita Deepak Gohil 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As Above 
 
AKSHITA 
DEEPAK GOHIL
Digitally signed by 
AKSHITA DEEPAK GOHIL 
Date: 2026.08.20 10:34:07 
+05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Gem Aromatics Limited  
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 14, 2026 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. YASH PAREKH – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – GEM AROMATICS LIMITED 
 
MR. AADIT SHAH – CEO’S OFFICE – GEM AROMATICS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR                 MR. AKHILESH GANDHI – STELLAR IR 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Gem Aromatics Limited 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY27 Conference Call 
hosted by Gem Aromatics Limited. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Akhilesh Gandhi from Stellar IR. Thank 
you and over to you, Mr. Gandhi. 
Akhilesh Gandhi: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I, Akhilesh Gandhi, on behalf of Stellar 
Investor Relations, welcome you all to the Gem Aromatics Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call. We shall be sharing the key operating and financial highlights 
for the first quarter ended on June 30, 2026. 
 
Today, we have with us senior management team of Gem Aromatics Limited. 
Mr. Yash Parekh, he is the Managing Director and CEO. With him, we have 
Mr. Aadit Shah, he is from the CEO’s office.  
 
Before we begin, I would like to state that this call may contain some of the 
forward-looking statements, which are completely based upon the company’s 
beliefs, opinions, and expectations as of today. 
 
The statements made in today’s call are not a guarantee of future performance 
and also involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. The company also 
undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect 
development that occur after the statement is made. Document related to 
company’s financial performance, including press release and investor 
presentation, has already been uploaded on the stock exchange. 
 
With that, now I invite Mr. Yash to share his opening remarks on the 
company’s performance for the first quarter. Thank you and over to you. 
Yash Parekh: 
Good afternoon, everyone and a warm welcome to Gem Aromatics Earnings 
Conference Call for the first quarter of FY27. On behalf of the management 
team, I would like to thank all our investors, analysts, and stakeholders for 
joining us today and for your continued trust and support. 

 
 
 
 
Gem Aromatics Limited 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
Q1 FY27 witnessed Y-o-Y growth in revenue from operations, reflecting 
continued progress in the underlying business. At the same time, Q1 is 
seasonally a softer quarter and should be viewed in that context. During the 
quarter, our clove business was impacted by floods in Madagascar from where 
we source raw materials, which affected raw material availability and pricing 
as well as sales.  
 
A key focus during the quarter was the continued progress at our Dahej facility 
under Krystal Ingredients Private Limited. The facility is moving into the next 
phase of operations with the focus now on strengthening core customer 
engagement and expanding commercial opportunities across the newer product 
categories. Over the past years, we have made significant investments in 
expanding our manufacturing and product capabilities. A key part of our long-
term strategy is to reduce our dependence on the traditional mint portfolio and 
build a more balanced mix across non-mint and higher value specialty 
products.  
 
Innovation and R&D remain important enablers of this strategy. With the 
continued focus on process, innovation, product customization, and 
development of higher value specialty molecules, our multipurpose 
manufacturing platform at Dahej also provides flexibility to respond to 
evolving customer requirements across different specialty chemistries, 
supporting our ability to build a broader specialty product portfolio. In addition 
to this, we have also had a strong R&D pipeline of new aroma chemicals 
products that are ready and many of them have been executed and are in 
different stages of execution.  
 
We are now continuing to strengthen our international presence. The company 
has approved the incorporation of a Brazil subsidiary, representing another step 
towards expanding our distribution reach in Latin America and creating a 
dedicated platform for our essential oils, aromatic chemicals, and specialty 
chemicals. Overall, we remain focused on disciplined execution, strengthening 
the capabilities built over the past few years. 
 
As we progress through the next phase of our expansion, our focus will remain 
on building a more diversified business, deepening the customer relationships, 
and creating a sustainable long-term value. With that, I will now hand over the 

 
 
 
 
Gem Aromatics Limited 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
call to Mr. Aadit Shah from the CEO’s office for a detailed discussion of the 
financial performance for the quarter. Thank you. 
Aadit Shah: 
Thank you. I will now take you through the financial performance for the first 
quarter of FY ‘27. Revenue from operations for the quarter stood at INR83 
crores on a standalone basis compared to INR76 crores in Q1 FY ‘26. On a 
consolidated basis, the revenue stood at INR99 crores compared to INR88 
crores in Q1 FY ‘26. The revenue performance was supported by improving 
business activity while Q1 is a seasonally softer quarter. 
 
Moving to profitability, on a standalone basis, gross profit stood at INR14.7 
crores while at a gross margin of 17.7%, while EBITDA stood at INR8.5 crores 
with an EBITDA margin of 10.3%. On consolidated basis, gross profit stood 
at INR16.5 crores with a gross margin of 16.7%, while EBITDA stood at 
INR3.3 crores with an EBITDA margin of 3.3%. 
 
The gross margin and EBITDA margin performance during the quarter were 
impacted primarily by the product mix along with a higher raw material cost 
in the clove business following the supply disruption in Madagascar. In 
addition, the new plant carried a higher operating cost base while the newer 
product verticals are still progressing through their commercialization cycle 
and have not yet reached their full revenue potential. 
 
Moving to profitability, standalone PAT stood at INR7.3 crores during the 
quarter, while on a consolidated basis, the company reported a loss of INR7.9 
crores. Standalone cash PAT stood at INR8.9 crores during the quarter, while 
consolidated cash PAT stood at INR1.3 crores. The consolidated bottom line 
was further impacted by a higher depreciation of INR9.1 crores following the 
capitalization of a substantial portion of the Dahej facility. Of the total plant 
capex of approximately INR270 crores, nearly INR265 crores have already 
been incurred and substantially capitalized. 
 
With this, I will now take you through the key operational updates for the 
quarter. Coming to Krystal Ingredients Private Limited, our wholly owned 
subsidiary, the Dahej facility continues the progress through its 
commercialization phase while the customer engagement and product 
qualification activities advancing across the newer product categories. 

 
 
 
 
Gem Aromatics Limited 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
As I just walk you through them, starting with Safranal, commercial production 
has commenced and the business is progressing through customer approval 
phase and commercialization. A revenue contribution through this vertical is 
expected towards the end of Q2 FY ‘27 with a more meaningful contribution 
from Q3 FY ‘27 as the commercial supplies scale up. 
 
On cooling agents, production of Gemcool 3, Gemcool 5, and Gemcool 23 has 
commenced. Customer audits have been successfully completed and initial 
orders have been secured with order flow expected to increase. The company 
expects the business to make a meaningful contribution from Q3 FY ‘27 as 
customer qualifications and recurring commercial supply scales up. 
 
Coming to phenol derivatives, trial production is expected to commence 
towards the end of Q2 FY ‘27 followed by product approvals and quality 
related processes. Commercial production is targeted during Q3 FY ‘27 subject 
to completion of the required approvals and quality processes with meaningful 
revenue contribution expected from Q4 FY ‘27. The company continues to 
monitor raw material availability and pricing while aligning its production 
plans accordingly. 
 
Overall, the focus at Krystal remains on successful customer qualifications, 
building recurring commercial supplies, and progressively scaling the new 
product verticals as they move through their respective commercial cycles. 
Looking ahead, we expect the business to progress through a gradual 
improvement phase as the newer product verticals scale up and contribute more 
meaningfully. 
 
Our near-term priorities remain focused on improving capacity utilization, 
strengthening customer relationships, and enhancing operational efficiencies 
across the business. We will continue to build our core business while 
increasing our presence across non-mint and higher value specialty products. 
With the manufacturing and product capabilities established over the past few 
years, our focus now is on disciplined execution and progressive scale-up. 
 
As utilization and the newer businesses gain traction, we expect operating 
leverage to increasingly support margins and profitability over the medium 
term. We remain committed to sustainable growth and long-term value 

 
 
 
 
Gem Aromatics Limited 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
creation for our stakeholders. With that, we would now be happy to take your 
questions. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will now begin with the question-and-answer sessionThe first 
question comes from the line of Varun Shivram with Choice Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Varun Shivram: 
Hello. Am I audible? 
Yash Parekh : 
Yes. Please go ahead.  
Varun Shivram:  
Thank you for the opportunity. So, my first question is like generally in Q1, 
like we have recorded a growth despite the seasonally weak quarter. So, could 
you like let me know which are the like current where we are seeing demand 
in core business and the geographies where do we see the growth? 
 Yash Parekh: 
Sure. Thank you. So, the demand remains as strong and back to normal levels. 
Although Q1, as you rightly mentioned, historically has been a softer quarter 
always. And that's primarily because the larger mint vertical also starts around 
May and June. We effectively are seeing a situation where the demand from 
the Western Hemisphere, which is largely U.S. and Latin America, is ramping 
up. And effectively, we are going to be having that deal flow along with the 
new seasonality of the products that we're coming up, those numbers reflecting 
in Q2 and Q3 for those exports. 
Varun Shivram:  
Okay. Sure. And can you guide me on like the current environment of the core 
business and how do you see it evolving going further? 
 Yash Parekh: 
So, again, the business is split into multiple different verticals. So, I can kind 
of walk you through the major verticals of Krystal Ingredients largely that we 
are having, such as we are having the cooling agents, the Citral vertical, which 
is largely driven by Safranal, and the phenol derivatives. 
 
So, starting with cooling agents, the customer audits completed and initial 
orders are secured with meaningful revenue contribution which is expected 
towards Q3 FY ‘27. And this is a product that is largely used in oral care and 
in the confectionery and the specialty flavor segment. 
 
So, there is a stability testing period and so customers when they approve the 
product, they effectively go through a longer, they start with smaller batches 

 
 
 
 
Gem Aromatics Limited 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
first, they see the stability at their side, and then they effectively come back to 
us with larger orders. So, that's for cooling agents. 
 
For the Citral and the Safranal based derivatives, at this stage, the production 
and the revenue contribution will start in a meaningful way by Q2 FY ‘27 and 
far more meaningful orders will come through by Q3 FY ‘27. Again, the 
product has been successfully approved by multiple customers and we are 
hoping of a strong traction in the Citral vertical as well. 
 
As far as the phenol derivatives segment is concerned, the trial productions are 
expected to start by end of Q2 FY ‘27 followed by the approvals and the quality 
process. Commercial production will start from a standpoint of generating 
revenues in the export market by Q3 FY ‘27 and with more meaningful revenue 
contribution coming through by Q4 FY ‘27. 
Varun Shivram:  
Okay. Thank you. Understood. So, coming to the Krystal Ingredients and the 
Dahej facility, like could you update us on the progress made during the quarter 
and across the new product categories and the key milestones that we have 
achieved so far? 
  
Aadit Shah: 
Hi. So, actually, you know, the products that were just mentioned, you know, 
the cooling agents, Safranal, phenol, they were our Krystal products itself. So, 
you know, the update that Yash just gave was on these, these products are 
Krystal products itself and the updates on them itself were given. Do you want 
to talk about the clove? 
Yash Parekh: 
Sure. And regarding the core, the Gem portfolio, which is largely driven by 
clove and mint. So, in the clove segment specifically, we had a situation where 
in the first quarter, which is around March and April, there was a major cyclone 
resulting into flood-like situation in the cultivation areas in Madagascar. As a 
result of which, the incoming raw material shipments were significantly 
delayed because even their port in Toamasina was shut down, I believe for a 
period of close to 30 days. 
 
And therefore, there was a complete slowdown of the incoming RM on that 
one perspective. But I believe from May onwards, that has come on stream and 
though there are shipping challenges across the board, we are seeing incoming 
material now. And as far as the mint segment is concerned, as mentioned 

 
 
 
 
Gem Aromatics Limited 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
earlier, we are having the harvest season in the months of May through July 
largely and we had that harvest for mint and now we are seeing the order flow 
coming in largely from on the export front and those shipments are going 
through. 
Varun Shivram:  
Okay. That was quite helpful. So, just wanted to understand like what are the 
key operational milestones that remain before like this business moves into 
more consistent volume phase? 
Yash Parekh: 
Sure. So, the key operational milestones is largely by the customer approvals 
in place that we effectively need to get, right? So, these customers are large 
multinational companies that are operating in the oral care, the confectionery 
space, 
the 
FMCG 
space, 
and 
then,  
 
A: it's a long, we have to get our products approved there. 
 
B: they start with smaller trial orders first just to make sure that we are 
completely set in their system, the stability is very well checked out, and then 
effectively they go in for the larger orders. So, we are seeing those meaningful 
contributions to start off with Q3 and Q4 from these large companies. And for 
cooling agents, for example, we've already been approved by the world's two 
largest companies who are consuming that product. 
Varun Shivram:  
Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator:  
The next question comes from the line of Rushabh Dugad with Finnovate 
Financials. Please go ahead. 
Rushabh Dugad:  
Hello? 
Yash Parekh: 
Yes. Please go ahead. 
Rushabh Dugad:  
Am I audible, sir? 
Yash Parekh: 
Yes, you are. 
Rushabh Dugad:  
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. So, I have a couple of questions around 
the new verticals and the margin trajectory. So, on phenol derivatives, trial 
production is expected towards the end of Q2 FY ‘27 followed by the required 

 
 
 
 
Gem Aromatics Limited 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
approval and the quality processes. Could you take us through the remaining 
milestones and the current timeline towards the commercial production? 
Yash Parekh: 
Is this specifically for the phenol segment? 
Rushabh Dugad:  
Yes. For the phenol segment. 
Yash Parekh: 
Yes. So, for the phenol segment effectively, we are having the trial productions 
start off with at the end of Q2 and then by Q3 and Q4 is when -- by pretty much 
Q4 is when you start meaningful revenue that coming in. We have had our pilot 
batches as well as those batches approved. The customers largely want to see 
the actual plant level trials where we are at a fairly advanced stages. So, the 
playbook is reasonably simple. 
 
While we are targeting the end customers who are really the large MNCs, who 
would be directly using this ingredient in their products, there is again a sizable 
market which is available through traders and distributors in different 
geographies who are pretty much are going to be faster to go ahead and approve 
the product and start consuming it in their networks. So, that is how we are 
trying to build up our order book for phenol. 
Rushabh Dugad:  
Okay. So, the given the qualification cycle involved in this category, should 
we expect the revenue contribution to build progressively once the production 
begins with more meaningful contribution come in towards Q4 or like FY ‘28? 
Yash Parekh : 
That’s correct. That's absolutely correct. 
Rushabh Dugad:  
Okay. So, in a looking at a newer vertical together, once they move through 
their respective approval and the qualification process, how should investors 
think about the overall pace of a revenue ramp-up across this business? 
 
Aadit Shah : 
So, FY ‘27, you know, is, you know, more like a ramp-up year where, you 
know, one by one we'll be starting off each vertical. Now, as all of the verticals, 
of course, will commence this year, however, through FY ‘28, you know, as 
the year starts, they will meaningfully ramp up and, you know, we'll see a 
significant bit of revenue coming through the next financial year. Right now, 
of course, we have commercialized, we have gotten initial orders, but a 

 
 
 
 
Gem Aromatics Limited 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
meaningful ramp-up will, of course, happen in the next financial, at the start of 
the next financial year. 
Rushabh Dugad:  
Okay. Understood. So, it would be fair to expect that a contribution to build 
progressively through FY ‘27 with a more meaningful benefit in this expanding 
platform emerge through the FY ‘28? 
Aadit Shah : 
Yes. Of course. So, as the quarters go by, the revenue from each of the verticals 
that have commenced will gradually increase and, of course, as a meaningful 
contribution, yes, through ‘28 you will see a large chunk of the volumes 
coming through. 
Rushabh Dugad:  
Okay. So, coming to the margin part, so gross margin and the EBITDA margins 
were under pressure during this quarter with the product mix, higher raw 
material cost, and the operating cost base of the new facility being a key factor. 
As the business progresses, what do you see as the key driver for a margin 
recovery? 
Yash Parekh: 
So, the production ramp-up is a key driver and as we go more and more into 
value-added products across those value chains, plus we have a multipurpose 
plant that has been established as well as a strong and robust pipeline of 
products developed, which are specialty in nature and focused upon aroma 
chemicals largely that are ready to be executed and we have effectively already 
started working on a number of those product approvals with multiple 
customers. So, net-net, this will certainly have a major impact as we go more 
and more into value-added products and ramp up the production. 
Rushabh Dugad:  
Okay. Understood. I have one more follow-up question regarding this. So, like 
in a medium term, how do you see the balance between the product mix and 
the operating leverage contributing to the improvement in margin? 
Aadit Shah: 
So, the contribution, so you're looking for a bifurcation in terms of revenue, 
right? 
Rushabh Dugad:  
Right. 
Aadit Shah: 
Right. So, see for FY ‘27, we don't want to guide for that, but of course through 
28,Krystal products will be more than 50% of the overall revenue. 
Rushabh Dugad:  
Okay. Any ballpark figure for FY ‘27? 

 
 
 
 
Gem Aromatics Limited 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Aadit Shah: 
I'm sorry, could you just repeat your question? 
Rushabh Dugad:  
Any ballpark number for FY ‘27 in a margin? 
Aadit Shah: 
See, the -- we don't want to comment on that as of yet. We'll just -- you know, 
as the year goes by, we'll be in a better place to, you know, guide on both the 
revenue and the margins for FY ‘27. 
Rushabh Dugad:  
Okay. Understood, sir. Thank you. Thank you so much for opportunity and 
very all the best for the next quarter. 
Aadit Shah: 
Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator:  
The next question comes from the line of Dhruv Shah with JJ Holdings. Please 
go ahead. 
Dhruv Shah:  
Thanks for the opportunity, sir. So, I wanted to understand about the 
profitability trajectory. So, the consolidated business reported a loss during the 
quarter while the depreciation has also increased following the capitalization 
of Dahej. So, how should the investors think about the path towards sustainable 
consolidated profitability from here? 
Aadit Shah: 
Yeah. So, I think the answer lies in the commercialization of the new products 
as discussed. You know, currently  we're facing a timing mismatch, you know, 
where the cost of the new facility, the depreciation, interest, manpower cost, 
they are all, you know, kicked in to the current financials due to the standby 
capacity which has already kicked in. 
 
But however, the revenue from the higher margin product mix which is yet to 
come from our Krystal unit has not come in yet in our current financials. So, 
as you see the revenue of those products coming in, you will see an increase in 
terms of the profitability. So, it's just a commencement -- it's just a function of 
the commencement and ramp-up of our new products. 
Dhruv Shah:  
Okay. So, how would that -- on the cash flow side, how would Krystal -- how 
are we expecting the working capital and cash generation profile of the 
business to evolve? 
Aadit Shah: 
Yeah. So, see the working capital cycle, you know, Krystal being more 
towards, you know, synthetic products where we don't need to hold inventory 

 
 
 
 
Gem Aromatics Limited 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
a large inventory for a large number of days, the working capital cycle will 
definitely be lower than the traditional Gem business. So, in addition to that, 
we are also availing the factoring services which will reduce our debtor days. 
So, the working capital cycle for Krystal should be much lower than, the Gem 
business currently. 
Dhruv Shah:  
Okay. Got it. And sir, I have one last question. So, finally, given the current 
state of the capacity ramp-up, how should investors think about the company's 
growth trajectory towards FY ‘27 and FY ‘28? 
Aadit Shah: 
So, again, as we mentioned, FY ‘27 we don't want to guide, it's purely a ramp-
up year where we are completely focused on commercializing each of the 
verticals and we'll give a better guidance, we want to be more accurate with 
our guidance, so as the year passes, we'll give a more stronger guidance 
towards the end of the calendar year for the next year as well. 
Dhruv Shah:  
Okay. So, can you just tell highlight like what can be the two or three key 
milestones for the next few quarters that would give you greater confidence 
towards the FY ‘28 trajectory? 
Aadit Shah: 
So, as Yash mentioned The customer approvals, we're going towards that, our 
products are ramping up and we have received our initial approvals from 
several customers and as we keep getting these approvals and selling our 
products, so you should just focus on that, the key milestones about our 
customer, our products being approved via various customers. 
Dhruv Shah:  
Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Participants, in the interest of time and fairness to others, please restrict 
yourselves to two questions. For any more questions, you may rejoin the queue. 
The next question comes from the line of Rupesh Tatiya with Long Equity 
Partners.  Please go ahead. 
Rupesh Tatiya:  
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Hi, Yash. Hi, Aadit. So, first question 
is, I think the easiest ramp-up we were looking at was Eugenol and Eugenol 
derivatives where I think we were expecting significant growth this year. With 
this Madagascar flooding issue and supply chain issues, do you see that that 
ramp-up now, is delayed materially? 

 
 
 
 
Gem Aromatics Limited 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Yash Parekh: 
So, it did have some impact right at the beginning of the year. However, we 
have been able to overcome that luckily, the ports have opened up and the 
material is flowing through and we certainly see a fairly strong ramp-up and 
demand side from the export market, as a result of which by the year-end, we 
should be fairly close to our expected numbers in terms of what we have 
planned for. 
Rupesh Tatiya:  
Okay. And just a follow-up on that Eugenol is what -- any sense on the 
uprooting of the trees, Yash, because my understanding is once the trees are 
uprooted, it takes maybe 10 years for the trees to come back. And with that 
context, do you see, you know, structurally tighter margin and then hence, you 
know, higher realization, higher margin in Eugenol and Eugenol derivatives? 
Yash Parekh: 
So, luckily, we are fairly diversified also in our sourcing from East Africa with 
Madagascar and different regions of Madagascar also producing this crop. So, 
once a clove tree is out, it doesn't take up to 10 years, but may take a little bit 
shorter time depending on the weather conditions about 2 years to 3 years 
because we are effectively getting it out from the leaves, right? 
 
So, it's a couple years until the leaves come up and then effectively you can 
start get extracting the oil from the leaves and the stems. Now, coming back to 
your original question, we see that the production has not been impacted to 
that. Luckily, the trees are still there, they are giving, plus it's also there in 
different regions of Madagascar that we can effectively source it from. 
 
So, from a standpoint of long-term availability of the crude material, we don't 
foresee a major structural challenge. The ports not being open for about a 
month actually created a major backlog and compounded its impact. And I 
believe that has been resolved now. Now, I hope that answers your question. 
Rupesh Tatiya:  
Yeah. That is good to hear. The second question is on cooling agents. So, I 
think I heard that you got an approval from second customer also, so 
congratulations on that also. So, when does the second customer commercial 
supplies to second customer start and then with these two customers can we 
expect, let's say 25% kind of capacity utilization on 500-ton capacity this year? 
Yash Parekh: 
We should be fairly close to those numbers and we believe by Q3 and Q4 we 
should be expecting those revenues to come in because these are export 
products and right now, shipping challenges has been well documented across 

 
 
 
 
Gem Aromatics Limited 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
variety of platforms are our major concern especially to the Western 
Hemisphere. But we believe a large part of that numbers should start showing 
up by Q3 and Q4. 
Rupesh Tatiya:  
Any -- I mean, sorry, any... 
Moderator:  
Sorry to interrupt, Rupesh, I would request you to rejoin the queue. Thank you. 
The next question comes from the line of Sahil Goyal with Equinox Capital 
Venture. Please go ahead. 
Sahil Goyal:  
Yeah. Am I audible? 
Yash Parekh: 
Yes. Please go ahead. Yes, sir. 
Sahil Goyal:  
Sir, my question is on you said, the meaningful revenue from Gemcool 3, 5, 
and 23 will come by Q3 FY ‘27 and you have secured some orders, so can you 
quantify the order? 
Aadit Shah: 
So, we're not disclosing the order values as of -- so we're not disclosing the 
order values, but as the -- you know, as the quarter passes, we'll give you 
clarity. We're not disclosing any order values or customer names as of now. 
Sahil Goyal:  
Okay, sir. And so, my second question is there are upcoming products and new 
products which got approval, then these are the margin -- these products have 
the higher margin than previous existing products? 
Aadit Shah: 
Yeah. Absolutely. So, the -- as we develop new products, so how we're looking 
at it is, each new product that's coming in, we want it to be like more margin 
accretive than our existing products. So -- yeah. 
Sahil Goyal:  
There are some products under approval phase, so how many products are 
those which are in under approval? 
Aadit Shah: 
So, we actually have a large pipeline. I think, Yash, can talk about it. 
Yash Parekh: 
Sure. So, the whole idea is to keep continue, it's a multipurpose plant, there are 
value-added products that we have made in terms of our entire capacity and 
they are -- we've started producing those products, they are in different stages 
of approvals. So, by Q3 and Q4, you'd start seeing this kind of value-added 
specialty revenue coming in. 

 
 
 
 
Gem Aromatics Limited 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Sahil Goyal:  
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Yash Parekh: 
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
The next question comes from the line of Omkar Dandekar with 3A Capital 
Service. Please go ahead. 
Omkar Dandekar:  
Hello, sir. Am I audible? Hello? 
Yash Parekh: 
Yes, you're audible. Please go ahead. 
Omkar Dandekar:  
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. My question is on restocking side. 
Management was positive on restocking side due to tariff relief in Q4 FY ‘26 
and there were expectations that Q1 FY ‘27 will reflect that growth. Your 
views on that and can you share your insights if you are in talks with your end 
customers? 
Yash Parekh: 
Could you please repeat the question? We were -- it was not very clear to us. 
Omkar Dandekar:  
Okay. Management was very positive on restocking side due to tariff relief in 
Q4 FY ‘26 and there were expectations that Q1 FY ‘27 will reflect that goal -- 
growth. So, but the growth was, was average. Your views on that and can you 
share your insights if you are in talks with your end customers? 
Yash Parekh: 
So, in Q1, we were expected to as the months of May and June are largely the 
harvest season for mint, plus compounded with the delays in Madagascar for 
the clove shipments that we've already discussed, it created a ripple effect and 
that was further compounded by the shipping challenges out of India. So, we 
have seen the exports that have actually happened in the months of May and 
June, but effectively we could not account for them because they have not 
reached their final destination. 
 
So, we will see that rollover happening effectively once they reach their final 
destinations, as some of them already have in July and August and some will, 
and we will see that come through. Now, in terms of the customers, yes, we 
see the demand coming back for the core products as well as the newer 
products largely in our export market. 

 
 
 
 
Gem Aromatics Limited 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Omkar Dandekar:  
Okay. And on the currency side, as our currency has depreciated much, do we 
see any competitive advantage compared to other countries in pricing which 
can boost our export sales? 
Yash Parekh: 
So, at this stage, there are a variety of products that we engage with. Some are 
from a standpoint of pure play Indian origin such as mint, but some are 
effectively import complete processing in India like clove and then exporting 
again. The same goes with phenol segment and the other segments such as 
Citral and the cooling agents as well. 
 
So, in a way, it is not really a tactical advantage nor is it a disadvantage for us 
because we import, we hedge our foreign contracts in terms of what the export 
realization is and then we subsequently export it out. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we will take that as 
the last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for the closing remarks. 
Yash Parekh: 
Thank you for -- thank you everyone for your questions and for the engaging 
discussion. To summarize, we remain focused on navigating the near-term 
operating challenges while progressing the commercialization of our newer 
product verticals. We are entering an important phase of progressive scale-up 
with emphasis on improving utilization, strengthening our product portfolio, 
and deepening customer relationships across our markets. 
 
We remain committed to disciplined execution, sustainable growth, and long-
term value creation for our stakeholders. Thank you once again for joining us 
today. We appreciate your continued trust and support and we look forward to 
updating you on our progress in the coming quarters. Have a good evening. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Gem Aromatics Limited, 
that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
