Regd. Office: 
‘SAURABH’, Chittora Road, Diggi-Malpura Road 
Tehsil: Phagi, JAIPUR- 303 904, Raj. (INDIA) 
Phone: +91-9928070682  
Email: companysecretary@gravitaindia.com  
 
  
 
 
 
 
GRAVITA INDIA LTD. 
Corp. Office: Gravita Tower, A-27 B, Shanti Path, 
Tilak Nagar, JAIPUR- 302004, Rajasthan (INDIA) 
Phone: +91-141-4057700/800  
Web: www.gravitaindia.com CIN: - L29308RJ1992PLC006870 
 
30th July, 2026 
GIL/2026-27/63 
 
To, 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30th, 2026 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript 
of the earnings conference call for the Quarter ended June 30, 2026 held on July 28, 2026 for your 
information and records.  
The above information is also available on the website of Company: 
https://www.gravitaindia.com/investors/financial-details  
This is for your kind information and records.  
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours Faithfully 
For Gravita India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Nitin Gupta 
(Company Secretary) 
FCS: 9984 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
The BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Fax No.: 022-22721919 
Scrip Code- 533282 
The Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra- Kurla Complex,  
Bandra(east) Mumbai- 400 051 
Fax No.: 022-2659 8120 
Company Code- GRAVITA 
Nitin 
Gupta
Digitally signed 
by Nitin Gupta 
Date: 2026.07.30 
18:10:27 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
Gravita India Limited 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. YOGESH MALHOTRA – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – GRAVITA INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
MR. NAVEEN PRAKASH SHARMA – EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR (NON-BOARD MEMBER) – GRAVITA INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SUNIL KANSAL – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – GRAVITA INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. ANANT JAIN –INVESTOR RELATIONS – GRAVITA 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANISH MAHAWAR – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Gravita India Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Antique Stockbroking Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manish Mahawar from Antique Stockbroking. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Manish Mahawar: 
Thank you. A warm welcome to all the participants on the 1QFY27 Earnings Call of Gravita 
India. Today, we have with us leadership team represented by Mr. Yogesh Malhotra:, Whole-
Time Director and CEO; Mr. Sunil Kansal, Whole-Time Director and CFO; Mr. Naveen 
Sharma, Executive Director, non-Board member; and Mr. Anant Jain, Investor Relations on the 
call. 
Without any delay, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Malhotra for opening remarks, post 
which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. Over to you, Yogeshji. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Thank you, Mr. Manish. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our Q1 FY27 Earnings Call. 
Thank you for joining us today. I hope you've had the opportunity to review our financial results 
and investor presentation, which have been uploaded to the stock exchanges. 
During today's call, I will take you through the key business developments, strategic initiatives, 
operational highlights and financial performance for the quarter. Following my remarks, we will 
be happy to take your questions. 
Building on the momentum of the previous year, even as geopolitical uncertainties persisted 
globally, during Q1 FY27, our strategic capacity additions, richer value-added product mix and 
consistent operational execution translated into another quarter of robust financial performance 
with 4% growth in volumes, 42% in revenue, 29% in EBITDA and 14% in PAT on a year-on-
year basis. This performance underscores the resilience of our diversified recycling platform and 
our disciplined approach to execution. 
As we navigate an evolving global environment, we remain committed to operational excellence, 
portfolio diversification, prudent capital allocation and sustainable growth, enabling us to 
capitalize on the expanding circular economy opportunity while delivering long-term value to 
our stakeholders. 
Before discussing our financial performance in detail, let me first walk you through the key 
strategic developments during the quarter that continued to strengthen our growth trajectory.  
I'm pleased to share that Gravita has achieved a significant global milestone with the London 
Metal Exchange Brand Listing for lead metal produced at our division -- at our lead division at 
Mundra, Gujarat under the brand name GRAVITA M. This recognition places Gravita among a 
select group of Indian secondary lead recyclers whose products are approved by the LME. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
The accreditation is one of the most stringent global quality benchmarks for lead metal and 
reinforces our commitment to world-class manufacturing standards, product consistency and 
operational excellence. With this listing, our lead products are now eligible for delivery across 
all LME-approved warehouses worldwide in addition to our existing deliverability on MCX. 
We believe this achievement will further enhance our credibility and acceptance with the global 
OEM customers, strengthen our international presence and create new opportunities in export 
markets. Our manufacturing facility at Chittoor, Mundra and Phagi continue to remain in panel 
with MCX, reflecting our consistent adherence to stringent quality standards. 
During the quarter, we continued to strengthen our manufacturing footprint in line with our long-
term growth road map. Our total installed capacity now stands at 4.97 lakh metric tons per 
annum, and we firmly remain on track to achieve our target for scaling this to over 8 lakh metric 
tons per annum by FY29. 
A key milestone during the quarter was the successful expansion of our Phagi, Jaipur lead 
facility, where we commissioned an additional 40,500 metric ton per annum of lead recycling 
capacity, taking the plant's total capacity to 75,819 metric tons per annum. This expansion was 
completed with an investment of approximately INR30 crores, entirely funded through internal 
accruals, reflecting our disciplined capital allocation approach. 
As part of the company's ongoing efforts to enhance operational efficiency and optimize 
resource utilization, the management has decided to consolidate the operations of the Kathua 
manufacturing unit with the company's Jaipur manufacturing facility, where the same line of 
business can be carried out more efficiently. This strategic consolidation is expected to 
strengthen operational effectiveness, improve cost efficiencies and enable better utilization of 
the group's resources. 
Our strategic diversification into copper continues to progress well. Following the acquisition of 
Rashtriya Metal Industries Limited, the integration process is advancing as planned with 
operational synergies gradually being realized across procurement, manufacturing, logistics and 
sales. We have also made steady progress on the development of our 29,400 metric ton per 
annum copper recycling facility at Gujarat, which is being set up with an estimated investment 
of approximately INR160 crores. 
The project remains on track for commissioning within the next 12 months, as previously guided. 
The project will continue to be funded through internal accruals and will further strengthen our 
backward integration, expand our value-added product portfolio and support long-term 
profitable growth. 
The company has earmarked a total capex of INR1,680 crores through FY29, with INR850 
crores allocated towards strengthening the existing businesses, while the balance will support 
entry into new recycling verticals, including lithium-ion batteries, copper and steel. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
ICRA upgraded Gravita's long-term credit rating from AA- to AA. This upgrade reflects the 
company's consistently improving financial profile, prudent capital allocation, robust cash flow 
generation and disciplined balance sheet management. 
Coming to operational and financial performance. Revenue for Q1 FY27 stood at INR1,475 
crores, registering a year-on-year growth of 42%, driven by higher capacity utilization across 
key segments and continued operational efficiencies. Value-added products accounted for 63% 
of consolidated revenue during the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA for Q1 FY27 stood at INR145 
crores, up 29% year-on-year, with EBITDA margins remaining healthy at over 9.80%. 
Consolidated PAT came in at INR106.39 crores, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 14%, while 
PAT margins remained over 7.21%. Operational performance remained steady during Q1 FY27 
with total volumes increasing 4% year-on-year to 55,455 metric tons per annum. The copper 
segment operated at 50% capacity utilization during Q1 FY27, contributing INR376 crores in 
revenue. 
As the subsidiary continues to ramp up capacity utilization, the segment is expected to 
progressively scale its operations and make a meaningful contribution to Gravitas's top line. In 
Q1 FY27, EBITDA per ton for the lead, aluminum, plastic and copper segment stood at 
INR24,181, INR25,175, INR10,197 and INR55,151, respectively, supported by better 
realization and improved operational efficiency. 
We remain confident in our long-term growth outlook and our ability to deliver on Vision 2030 
with a strong pipeline of capacity expansions, continued business diversification and increasing 
share of value-added products, and unwavering focus on operational excellence and capital 
discipline, we are well positioned to achieve our strategic objective and create sustainable long-
term value while capitalizing on the growing global circular economy opportunity. 
That's all from my end. I would now request to open the floor for questions and answers. Thank 
you, and over to you, Mr. Moderator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from Sumangal Nevatia from Kotak Securities. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Sir, my first question is on the volumes. So I think this is one of the first quarter where we've 
seen a year-on-year decline in lead volumes. So if you could explain what is the reason? And 
how are we planning to recover the lost opportunity and some guidance for FY27 and '28 in 
terms of lead volumes? 
And secondly, on the copper division, what is our expectation in terms of ramp-up and margins? 
Are these levels of margins sustainable? And if you could just update on our capex and 
expansion plans with respect to copper? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So there was a little decline in the volumes of lead, which was primarily because of supply chain 
disruptions because of this Middle East war. Because as I mentioned probably last quarter also 
that around 15% to 20% of our import comes from the Gulf territory. And even the imports that 
come from other territories part of it comes through this route only. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
So a lot of our material is struck and a lot of material cannot come to India because of this, we 
cannot utilize our capacities completely in the last quarter. Things are improving a little, but still 
it's not to the normal. And we are expecting that in Q2 also there may be some impact of this. 
Although, we are using this opportunity because there is a scrap shortage in India and because 
of there is a demand supply change and because of this we are using this opportunity to increase 
the profit margins. 
So although there may be some impact in terms of top line growth, but we are expecting similar 
kind of bottom line or EBITDA margins in the next quarter also, as far as lead is concerned. But 
the overall growth would probably come -- revenue growth would come from the addition of 
copper. So you can expect the long-term growth to be in line with the FY 2030 vision plan that 
we already mentioned many times. And what was your second question? 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Yes. I just wanted to know your volume guidance for FY27 across the divisions. And what sort 
of EBITDA per ton can we expect in copper as volumes ramp up? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So it's extremely difficult to talk about on a division-wise volume growth, especially in a very 
short-term period because, as I mentioned, there is some disruption, which is still not back to 
normal. So you may see some volume -- I mean, we may not be able to achieve the same volume 
growth that we were expecting earlier on a quarter-to-quarter basis. 
But as I mentioned, in the long-term, that growth story still remains because the capacity 
expansion is already in place. The only thing is that the supply chain disruption as soon as we 
can recover from this we would be able to grow. 
And what we are doing is to take care of this now we are -- and also because we have now copper 
in our kitty, we are expanding our yard network or our procurement network in developed 
economies also like U.S. and which will ease pressure in the future coming from such disruptions 
from geographies. So that is why when I say that in the longer run, the growth volumes would 
continue in the same manner. 
Your second question about copper is that -- so it will remain in the same region of around 
INR55,000 per ton. There may be some slight increase. So you can expect some slight increases 
because of some economies of scale as we -- and we will ramp up the production level also and 
then some would come from some optimization of the product mix going forward. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Got it. Just one last question. If Kansal sir is there on the call, if you can get net debt and working 
capital as on 1Q? 
Sunil Kansal: 
Okay. So net debt is close to INR150 crores at this moment. And working capital cycle is also 
close to, again, 95 days at this moment because we have significant inventory is increased for 
copper also and working capital cycle is also increased for copper. And still, we have significant 
inventory under transit also. So this is also the reason where the working capital is slightly higher 
at this moment. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from Amit Dixit from Goldman Sachs. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Amit Dixit: 
A couple of questions from my side. The first one is again on copper division. While you 
mentioned in your prepared remarks that the capacity utilization is 50%. Now when are we -- 
when are we going to ramp it up to 100%? And currently, if you look at the margins, I mean, 
I'm talking about EBITDA margins here, it's like 5.2%-odd in this quarter, while the company 
delivered 8%-odd, I mean, in last year. So how do we bridge this gap? 
And thirdly, on copper itself, what different we are doing what -- how differently we are sourcing 
copper scrap or in terms of our selling strategy to make sure that we get the optimal utilization 
of this particular asset? That is the first question, sir. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So first of all, in terms of using more capacity -- increasing the capacity utilization, we are 
working on certain bottlenecks in the manufacturing stream itself, so which will probably be up 
and running by the end of this financial year. So it will take at least this financial year. So there 
will be some ramping up that will take up by making a better product mix. But a major increase 
will come only by the end of this year when we have already set up some plant and machinery, 
which is required to debottleneck the whole operations. 
As far as the overall EBITDA margins are concerned, it would -- as I mentioned that it would 
remain in the same vicinity of around INR55,000 per ton. There would be some slight increase. 
Last year, if you look at the total EBITDA per ton, it also included some -- some of it came 
because of increase in copper prices. So -- but because Gravita remains 100% hedged, so 
generally, you would not see certain upsides from copper commodity increase in Gravita. 
But there will be a sustainable EBITDA margin of around INR55, which will slowly increase. 
And then when we do some backward integration with our systems, then in that case, eventually 
and when better capacity utilization is there, then you can expect around INR65,000 to 
INR70,000 per ton, but that will take around 2 to 2.5 years. 
Anant Jain: 
Also, just to add to this, the percentage because of -- last year, the LME was around -- roughly 
average was around $9,000, this time, the average LME of copper is around $13,500. And the 
percentage terms, it would be diluted. But however, you should look upon us on EBITDA per 
ton. 
Amit Dixit: 
Got it, sir. Again, a follow-up from here. You mentioned about putting in some equipment. So 
will our turnkey division be involved in that? Or will it be external procurement? 
Sunil Kansal: 
Most likely, it would be external procurement only at the moment. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. The second question is on aluminum inclusion on MCX, sir. Any progress over there? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Aluminum inclusion? 
Amit Dixit: 
I'm talking about AOC alloy, Yes, Yes. The A0C12 alloy. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
ADC12 alloy. 
Amit Dixit: 
ADC12 alloy. Yes. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes. This is still pending at the MCX level because that is their internal decisions at MCX, which 
commodity they want to add because all other formalities are done. So it lies with them only as 
of now. It is not possible to comment on this. But still, we had -- we are following with them 
and had one of the meeting last month. And they plan to keep it in their -- one of the agenda item 
because this will also give them good volume as an exchange. So hopefully, they will do it within 
this year, as explained by MCX. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Vikas Singh from ICICI Securities. 
Vikas Singh: 
Sir, just wanted to understand that these lead aluminum plastic everywhere, our EBITDA per 
ton was pretty high. So what was the inventory gains or the INR component in that? And what 
should we take as a steady-state EBITDA per ton for this division ex of the external batteries? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So in plastic, I think our EBITDA per ton was around INR10. And the -- I mean this is the range 
in which we are working. There was some gain last quarter because of this disruption, the local 
prices had gone up. I mean, this disruption, the local prices have gone up of plastic. So we could 
have some gain. 
But on a sustainable basis, you can expect around INR10 to INR12 per kg in plastic. Similarly 
in aluminum also, we've got some gains because of increase in prices. But on a sustainable basis, 
you can take around INR15 to INR17 as currently all of our operations are overseas, which is a 
little more profitable than the Indian operations. 
So if -- and when the Indian operations are running, during those times, you can expect around 
INR13 to INR14 of EBITDA. But when only overseas operations are running, you can expect 
around INR15 to INR17 per kg margins on a sustainable basis. 
Vikas Singh: 
Noted, sir. Sir, my second question pertains to our commentary that we would be shifting to the 
new sources in terms of procurement. So just wanted to understand, since we are setting up an 
entirely new supply line, would that mean that for the initial few months or year, we would have 
a higher cost for establishing this line, including the logistics, etcetera? And how should it impact 
our margin for the near-term perspective? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So the idea is that generally, initially when we set up this copper recycling, we generally buy 
through arbitrate in between agents which is the normal course most of the buyers are doing. So 
we would want to do what we do best, and that is having our own procurement network. And 
that is why we are expanding into the developed economies because most of the copper scrap 
comes from developed nations only. 
So it's something that we've been doing in other verticals of aluminum, lead and plastic. So we 
are just expanding the same for copper in other geographies. So it will not -- it will be an 
incremental cost and that -- because it's not the operations that we are setting up in U.S., we are 
just setting up our own yard procurement network. So it will, in fact, reduce the overall 
procurement cost for us and not increase it even initially also. 
Vikas Singh: 
And this should also allow you to improve the sourcing for lead as well or lead would continue 
with the current channels? 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
No, no, it would -- because earlier, when we were doing only lead, it did not make sense for us 
to set up our own yards in U.S. because it was not a viable proposition. But now that we are 
talking about copper also, which is going to be a huge part of it. So now it makes sense for us to 
go and set up our own yards. And that is why we are setting up our own procurement network 
in developed nations also. 
Vikas Singh: 
And sir, just one clarification, if I may squeeze one more question. In terms of lithium-ion, are 
we looking for the entire value chain or only till the black mass because up till black mass, there 
would not be much of the value addition or the profitability. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
I agree. So our goal is very clear that we do not want to get into a normal product or a plain 
Manila product as we call it. So we want to go into value-added products. And we are currently 
doing R&D to set up our own processing unit for black mass. 
But right now, the quantity of black mass is also less. So I think by the time the black mass 
availability improves in India, we would have already set up our refining unit for lithium. So we 
would be expecting all the valuable material from lithium car batteries in future. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Dheeraj Ram from 360 ONE Capital. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Can you let me know what is the capacity utilization of this new Gujarat facility that has come 
up? And what is the one for the Phagi facility, total of 1.3 lakh tons during the quarter? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Current last quarter, it was only around 45% for lead in Jaipur where we expanded the capacity. 
But overall capacity utilization is close to 52% for the entire group for the Q1 with the expanded 
capacity at Jaipur and Mundra. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Got it. And how much do you expect this new capacity as an overall Phagi and Gujarat to run it 
in FY27, sir? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
On a sustainable basis, generally, it's around 70% -- but it all depends on the scrap availability. 
As I mentioned that because of this Middle East war, the supply chain was disrupted. So we 
could not get enough scrap in the last quarter. As it improves, we will reach around 70% levels. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Okay. okay, fine. And on scrap yards, in past 3 quarters, in your presentation, at least you have 
increased the scrap yards from 33% to 39% plus. So are these scrap yards more linked towards 
lead? Or is it some other metal? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So mostly all metals, but we -- but most of these scrap yards were in developing nations. So 
copper was not part of it. There was only a small part of copper that used to come from these 
scrap yards. So that is why now we are going to set up our own yards in developed nations also 
from where most of the copper scrap comes. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
And the last question... 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Those yards will also include lead and other products, other aluminum and plastic products also. 
Yes. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Okay. And last question is, however, we have increased scrap yards, still we are seeing 
challenges in sourcing. However, that is due to logistic disruption. But is there any work around 
for this? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes, there's a huge logistic disruption. I mean the entire gulf from where we used to get around 
15% to 20% of our total scrap, we've hardly got anything. I mean -- and some of the material 
that used to come from other countries also outside Gulf, it used to come through Gulf. So even 
some of that material is also stuck in some of those ports in the Gulf. So we are expecting things 
to improve. 
But till the time things don't improve, we have started developing new geographies so that we 
can start getting more material from them. But 20% is a huge chunk. So you cannot just expect 
to find other sources that can compensate for those 20%. So it may take some time. But we are 
very confident that we'll find a way out and set up new yards, maybe go into different 
geographies to compensate for this. But at the same, our focus would remain on the overall 
profitability. 
So during these situations, when there is a supply chain -- sorry, demand and supply mismatch, 
we -- whatever losses we make in terms of volumes, we compensate for them from getting better 
realization from all our plants. So if you look at it, even though we've lost some volumes here, 
but the overall profitability has improved. 
So we will try to compensate in future also such revenue losses from higher profitability. But 
eventually, by the end of this year, definitely, we would have set up more yards and the overall 
scrap sourcing would improve. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Okay. And your LME, the ingot that got listed on LME, is it because there is some pushback 
from customers or you see any demand slowdown so that we got our ingot listed on LME? Or 
is it just a hedge for OEM sales? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
We don't sell our product on LME. We've not sold any product on LME because it's not a very 
profitable proposition. The only thing is because we favor developing new OEMs. Generally, if 
you have an LME brand, then it gives you -- it's an easier path to an OEM approval. So that is 
the primary reason we have taken this. 
And then, of course, during some difficult times, it also gives you better liquidity because the 
product is acceptable everywhere. So both you want to crack new OEMs internationally and also 
have more liquidity for your product in the future. But there is no -- there's not been any pushback 
from any existing customer. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Sagar Shah from Spark PWM. 
Sagar Shah: 
Now I have some few questions for the management. My first question was we -- in the month 
of February, actually, we expanded our lead capacity by 80,300 tons in Mundra, Gujarat. So I 
wanted to, first of all, get the number what is the utilization of that new capacity? Is it -- was it 
utilized in Q1 or due to the geopolitical disruptions, we weren't able to utilize this incremental 
capacity? That is my first question. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Management: 
Yes. So capacity utilization at Mundra was around 50%, including the capacity expansion, which 
happened in February. So as Yogesh mentioned that there was some disruption because of 
availability of scrap because of this supply chain disruptions. 
So the capacity utilization was lower than the expected. So we hope that things will improve, 
and we are finding other sources also for scrap sourcing, including sourcing from India, sourcing 
from other countries. So that will hopefully, in coming quarters, it will improve. 
So if you talk about the overall capacity utilization, you may say that we've not been able to 
utilize the additional capacity. But generally, it's not a linear system. So there were times when 
we had scrap and during those times, we utilized the additional capacity to some extent. But 
overall, if you look at the capacity utilization, you can say that we've not been able to utilize the 
new capacities. 
Sagar Shah: 
Incrementally, basically, you are referring to. Okay, fine. So sir, I understand you're not giving 
any guidance basically. So now my second question is related to our inventory actually, and that 
is related to your overall margins also. First of all, I wanted to understand what is the inventories 
as on 30th June 2026.  
And related to that only that you highlighted in the previous con calls that you will be replacing 
the pyrolysis oil with the furnace oil to enhance margins, especially in Mundra. So have we 
started that actually by utilizing the rubber capacity in Eastern Europe? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
I think there is some confusion in the sense that we are already using pyrolysis oil at our Mundra 
capacity and the East European plant is not supplying any product to India. It's basically 
supplying those materials into Europe only. The rubber capacity that was expected to come up 
is not coming up immediately. 
We have put the rubber capacities on hold right now, and we are fast tracking copper - in the -- 
I think there is some disturbance here. So what we have done is that whatever capacity -- sorry, 
the plant and machinery was earmarked for rubber. Now we are fast tracking copper expansion 
in that area because we see it as a better opportunity right now, especially because the logistic 
cost has gone up. 
And in a commodity of lower price is a very important part, whereas in a commodity like copper, 
it's quite a substantial amount. So we are now -- what we are doing is we are fast tracking our 
copper expansion and putting the rubber capacity on hold temporarily. 
Sagar Shah: 
Then why it hasn't actually incrementally affected our margins on the positive side, sir, if we are 
using pyrolysis oil then? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So no, we were already using pyrolysis oil. It was never that we were not using pyrolysis oil in 
our Mundra facility. 
Sagar Shah: 
Okay. And what is the inventory as on 30th June 2026? 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So inventory value is close to INR1,040 crores, which is almost similar at March level, March 
'26 level. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Bharat Shah from BCS Capital Ideas. 
Bharat Shah: 
First and foremost, we -- there have been some challenges internal and external that we have 
been facing for last 3 to 4 quarters. Earlier, we had an unfortunate delay in ramping up our 
internal capacity and that kind of affected our volumes. Clearly, the situation in the Gulf is 
affecting in many major ways in last quarter as well as, as you mentioned, it will continue in the 
current quarter. 
While we are attempting to mitigate that by improving profitability, at what stage do you think 
all of these issues will be behind and we'll be back to the kind of growth rate that we aspire to, 
that we look forward to and that we have more than delivered in the past. At what stage do you 
think all of these issues can be kind of taken in the stride and we move ahead with the kind of 
numbers and the performance that we've been talking about? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes, sir, I get your point. But if you -- I mean, so that is part of the reason why we were insisting 
-- I mean, why we were thinking about diversification into different commodities because we 
understand that something can go wrong in one of those commodities, which will impact the 
overall profitability and revenue growth. And that is why we've gone into copper and are 
continuously trying to go into and setting up different verticals. 
So even in this quarter, although the lead sales have dipped, but if you look at the overall revenue 
numbers, they have grown by around more than 40%. So there would always be external 
circumstances, which will impact one of these commodities. But if you -- and that is why we are 
continuously looking into and to see how we can manage those volatilities because of this 
external environment. 
Part of it, as I mentioned, that we have diversified into copper. The other thing that we are doing 
is focusing on profitability. So even though lead has -- the revenue from lead or the volumes 
from lead have come down, we have tried to compensate it by getting better margins because of 
this shortage in supplies in India. 
The third thing that we are doing now is to improve our procurement network in countries where 
we were not earlier present. And part of it was because we were not having the complete kitty 
and setting up our own yard because U.S. is very expensive. So setting up our own yards when 
we had majority of material requirement of lead was not viable. 
But now with copper in place and going forward, other commodities also in place, we would be 
able to set up these yards in U.S., which will create more scrap material for us -- availability of 
more scrap material for us. So we are continuously trying to find out solutions as we find these 
disruptions coming out of global problems. 
And if you look at the record also, sir, even because even in spite of all these problems in the 
past 5 years, our PAT has increased by 48%. Although our guidance has always been -- and that 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
is CAGR in the past 5 years, even though our guidance has been to get a bottom line of around 
25% to 30% CAGR. 
Even in the past 3 years, when -- as you rightly mentioned that we've been going through a very 
tough phase, the CAGR of PAT has been 24%. And we are very confident of increasing it to 
around 25% to 30% even in this year and going forward for the next 4, 5 years also. 
And as and when these things will happen, and we are sure that these things will continue to 
happen, but we'll try to find out ways we'll, in fact, improve our operational efficiencies, we'll 
improve our network so that these disruptions in future will not impact us as much as they are 
impacting us now. 
Bharat Shah: 
No. Surely, Yogeshji noted, I think diversification into alternate materials is a very wise one that 
we have done. And we have also taken other mitigating steps like alternate yards and alternate 
sourcing. But do you believe that in current times when wars are never ending kind of a phase, 
you never know how long the conflict in the Gulf will go on. 
Therefore, assuming that we do not know anything about when it will stop or if at all, it will 
stop, when by current year-end, do you think we would have sorted out most of the alternate raw 
material supply sources? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes, sir. Yes, sir. So we are setting up -- as we speak, we are setting up our own yard operations 
in the U.S. and we are very sure that by the end of this year, we'll have set up our own 
procurement network in the developed nations, so which will more than take care of this Gulf 
disruptions if it keeps on continuing.  
But we are very confident that -- because some of the material have started coming in from those 
geographies also, although it's still a little costlier because of this increase in logistic cost, but 
we are very confident of coming back to normal and in fact, increasing the overall procurement 
by the year-end. 
Bharat Shah: 
Okay. But just one last thing. On the copper, if I had understood earlier, we were looking at a 
profit of about INR65 per kg. So while INR55 is much higher than our competition, but I still 
thought it was -- we were aiming at about INR65 kg unless I'm mistaken about it. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes. So what we -- so initially, we mentioned that it will slowly go up from around INR55 to 
around INR70 to INR75, but that will take around 2 to 3 years. By the end of this year, we 
believe that it will go up to around INR60. So what we are doing is we are increasing our capacity 
utilization currently and trying to debottleneck the whole operation so that we improve some 
profitability from that. 
And then, of course, there is some optimization in terms of procurement also that will happen. 
And then eventually, when we set up our own backward integration, when we integrated the 
current operations with the Gravita operations, then we'll take some more benefit out of that. 
And the overall profitability in that case would be around INR70 to INR75 -- sorry, INR75,000 
per ton. It will happen in stages. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Khush Nahar from Electrum PMS. 
Khush Nahar: 
Yes. So a couple of questions. So first, on the copper business, since we are doing some 
debottlenecking and we'll slowly ramp up, what would be an approx utilization exit rate that we 
can see in Q4 FY27, which will then normalize and become the new normal for '28? 
And similarly, considering the ROCE levels of the company in general has been around 20%. 
So after the addition of copper, do we see the company level ROCs to go towards that or it will 
be a bit dilutive in nature? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So see, the current utilization is around 50% in copper. By the end of this year, we are expecting 
it to go up to around 60% plus, by just debottlenecking and trying to change the product mix, it 
will go up to around 50%. That is the first part. 
And this 20% ROCE is including the copper business right now. Future, there will be some 
improvement in the EBITDA numbers of copper. And slowly, we believe that in the next 3 years, 
we would come back to around 25% plus CAGR because the copper business would also start 
giving us around 25% ROCE. 
Khush Nahar: 
So as of now, it is lower than 20%, right? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes. It's 20% currently. So it will improve from here. There are various reasons why this is less 
than 20% -- around 20% in this quarter. And part of it is that we've not been able to utilize our 
own capacities in lead, aluminum and -- sorry, lead basically. So that has also contributed to a 
little lower ROCE. 
When the capacities in lead would also start -- I mean, when we start utilizing lead capacities 
also, then there will be slight improvement overall in the total combined ROCE. And then we 
can expect some improvement in the copper business also going forward. So we have recently 
done this equation where we have already paid some premium for acquiring this company. And 
that was the plan only that we will ramp up this acquisition and get the better ROCE. 
Khush Nahar: 
Yes. And so secondly… 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes. Please go ahead. 
Khush Nahar: 
Yes. So secondly, what would be the operational income, which is included in the other income 
that we normally disclose? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So operational income is -- so the total other income, which is reflected in is INR47 crores, 
which is reported. Out of that INR35 crores is operational and INR13 crores is non-operational. 
Khush Nahar: 
And sir, lastly, if you could mention what would be our domestic sourcing percentage in Q1 for 
our India plants? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So domestic is almost 35%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Dhirendra Kumar Patro from Spark PMS. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Dhirendra Patro: 
My question is regarding a follow-up on other income. Of the INR47 crores, you said INR35 
crores is operational income and INR13 crores is unoperational. So how sustainable is this 
INR47 crores or INR35 crores of operational income going ahead in the future quarters? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
This operational income is part of the overall operational. As I mentioned earlier also that the 
entire volume of lead and copper. So what we gain on one hand is operational gain on the 
hedging part, where it shows in other expenses. When we gain on the hedging part and lose on 
the operational part, it's seen as operational income. 
So whenever this operational income is lower, the income from the business would be higher. 
So there will be no change in the overall profitability, whether the operational income is there 
or not. It eventually nullifies. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Netra Deshpande from Mirae Asset Sharekhan. 
Netra Deshpande: 
Just my first question is pertaining with the 45,000 of additional capacity of lead that was about 
to get to commission in Q1 FY27, and it was remained for the pending for some government 
permissions. So with the installations have already completed, as you said in the last call. So 
what would be the incremental value contribution, which is expected out of this? And what's the 
status about additional capacity? Hello. Am I audible? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Okay. So out of this 40,000, I think you can expect a 70% utilization at an optimal level, which 
will contribute to around INR50 crores additional revenue. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes, it is. So as I mentioned that around INR50 crores per month additional revenue. 
Netra Deshpande: 
Okay. And over what ramp-up period like it would be? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
The production capacity is ramped up, but there is some logistic disruption, the scrap is not 
available right now. So at the moment the scrap is normalized, we'll start ramping up the 
operations immediately, probably by the end of this year. 
Netra Deshpande: 
Sir, my second question is about the road map for the time line, as you have already said about 
the copper margins targeted 25% of ROIC as the RMIL segment margin, which is approximately 
-- I mean, currently, which is trading around more than 4.2%.  
So any other -- is the product mix and the structural issue with the copper alloy business? And 
what would be the guidance for this capacity for the overall product mix, if you can spell it about 
the scale issue and what are the road map and the time line for this increasing the copper margin? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
There is some noise. Can you please repeat the question once more? 
Netra Deshpande: 
Yes. Yes, sure. Sir, as you -- there is the road map and the time line which I'm asking for the 
copper margins as the group company which has targeted 25% plus ROIC about this RMIL 
segment margin, which is currently approx going around 4.2%. So what would be the mix? And 
what would be the scale issue for the -- just getting the structural issue with this copper alloy 
business? And what are the guidance for the capacity for this major copper business? 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes. So in the copper business, on a sustainable basis, this is the margin that is going to remain 
this year. But as I mentioned earlier that you can expect it to go up to around INR75 -- sorry, 
INR75,000 per ton going forward, but that will take place in the next 2 to 2.5 years. And by that 
time, the improvement in ROIC will also take -- it will slowly go up and reach around 25% 
overall in the next 2.5 years only. 
Netra Deshpande: 
Okay. Okay. And what would be the capacity like 31,000 metric tons that was expected. So what 
would be the further forward guidance for the copper segment specifically? Because aluminum... 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
In the next 3 years, for copper, we would double the total capacity to around 60,000 metric ton 
per annum. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Pratham Kankariya from Quantum Asset Management. 
Pratham Kankariya: 
Yes. Sir, just one thing on this copper alloy pricing. So it differs from the pure copper. So how 
should we assess the realization in the business? And also, how do you hedge with this exposure 
to the underlying copper prices? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
See, hedging mechanism is very similar to what we do in lead. We have generally contract based 
on monthly or fortnightly averages. So the customer gives you an order based on the prices of 
copper -- average prices of copper from 1 to 15 or maybe 1 to 30. So based on that, we'll do our 
procurement and supply to the customer. It's a more straightforward because it's not scrap that 
we are buying in copper. 
So generally, because in lead, what we are doing is currently, we are buying 100% scrap. So 
scrap does not as and when you want. Whereas in copper generally, you can buy copper cathode 
as and when you require it. So there is very little requirement of that.  
Pratham Kankariya: 
Yes. Just wanted to understand this on the alloy one. So like since copper is more than 50%, 
60% is value-added. So how do you hedge this exposure to the pure copper prices? You 
mentioned that you have some contracts on monthly and fortnightly basis. So if you can just 
explain that how you are mismatching this exposure? Hello. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So what was the question again, please? 
Pratham Kankariya: 
Okay. So just wanted to understand since copper alloy is more value added -- its value added 
and it has more alloy composition. And what we trade on -- what we hedge basically the pure 
copper. So how are we trying to mitigate this? How are we trying to hedge, I just want to 
understand this perspective. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So when we make alloy, we -- I mean, it is made out of copper and other elements, so like zinc, 
nickel, etcetera. So we buy all these 3 separately and put them together. So whatever we buy, 
we hedge that same metal.1 
So when we -- if we are buying copper, we hedge copper. If we're buying other metals, we hedge 
the other metals also proportionately. So for example, when we make brass, we use 70% copper 
and 30% zinc. So we hedge based on the metal input. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Yogesh Malhotra:  
Yes. We hope that the question is answered. 
Pratham Kankariya: 
Yes. So, just second this. So, our VAT contribution has increased from 45 to 63. So, what is the 
reason? Is it solely the copper division which has led to this increase? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes. So copper because copper is 100% value-added content. So this is where we improved this 
value-added content. But other than that also, because we are more focused on -- and the volumes 
were lower, so we focused on selling more value-added products for other segments also like 
lead also. So because of that and without copper also, the value-added content we used to be 
40%, 42% has increased to 50% in this quarter. 
So with the focus on bottom line and better realization on the value-added products, we focus 
selling more on value-added content other than copper. So other than copper has also increased 
and copper also was 100% value added. So that is the reason it is showing a 63% value-added 
content with better margins. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management team for closing comments. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes. Thank you, everyone, for participating in this call. We trust that we have addressed all your 
queries during this session. However, if there is anything remaining questions, please feel free 
to reach out to our Investor Relations team. Once again, we extend our gratitude to all 
participants for joining us today. Thank you, and have a great day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Antique Stockbroking, that concludes the conference. Thank 
you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
