Lll 
CITY UNION BANK LIMITED 
CIN : L65110TN1904PLC001287 
    Regd. Office: 149, T.S.R. (Big) Street, Kumbakonam - 612001, Thanjavur District, Tamil Nadu 
Telephone No:  0435-2402322 Fax: 0435-2431746 
E-mail: shares@cityunionbank.in ; Website: www.cityunionbank.bank.in   
 
 
C.O/Shares/LR-5/2026-27 
 
 
 
 
                      August 01, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
 
 
BSE Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
 
 
 
 
DCS – CRD, 
Plot No.C/1, G Block,   
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
 
 
 
 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Bandra (E), 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai 400 001 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: CUB 
 
 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 532210 
 
Sir / Madam, 
 
                   Sub: Transcripts of the Earnings Conference Call – Q1 FY 2027 
-------- 
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015 as amended, the Bank has hosted 
in its website the transcript of Earnings Conference Call – Q1 FY 2027, with regard to the 
Standalone Un-Audited Financial Results of the Bank for the Quarter ended June 30, 2026, as 
approved by the Board of Directors of the Bank, on July 28, 2026. The weblink is given below: 
 
https://cityunionbank.bank.in/filemanager/Aug26/CUB_Earnings_Con-call_Jul28-2026.pdf 
 
 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully 
for CITY UNION BANK LIMITED 
 
 
Venkataramanan S 
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
VENKATARAMA
NAN 
SRINIVASAN
Digitally signed by VENKATARAMANAN SRINIVASAN 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=5777, 
pseudonym=0a98708f85244a9990b8dc44504e813c, 
2.5.4.20=fc104d222020bf66b1514bc8475a34b7b1d5b88
1826da39511954b62cde4acb2, postalCode=612001, 
st=Tamil Nadu, 
serialNumber=635992fe15d4790aeca23b493690247c42c
5c34a9c73a8ffceb2fe7ab862da72, 
cn=VENKATARAMANAN SRINIVASAN 
Date: 2026.08.01 17:34:47 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
 
“City Union Bank Limited 1QFY27 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. R. VIJAY ANANDH – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, CITY UNION BANK 
LIMITED 
MR. V. RAMESH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, CITY 
UNION BANK LIMITED 
MR. J. SADAGOPAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
CITY UNION BANK LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. JIGNESH SHIAL - AMBIT CAPITAL PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 24 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to City Union Bank 
Limited 1QFY27 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Ambit Capital 
Private Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and 
there'll be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Jignesh Shial from Ambit Capital. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Jignesh Shial: 
Thank you, Nirva, and good evening, everyone. On behalf of Ambit 
Capital, I would like to welcome you all to 1QFY27 earnings call of City 
Union Bank. We have along with us Mr. R. Vijay Anandh – MD and CEO; 
Mr. V. Ramesh – Executive Director; and Mr. J. Sadagopan – CFO. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. R. Vijay Anandh – MD and CEO, for 
his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Thanks, Jignesh. Good evening, everyone. I have been joined by my 
ED, Shri Ramesh and CFO, J. Sadagopan and other senior colleagues in 
this room. Hearty welcome to all of you for this con-call to discuss the 
unaudited financial results of City Union Bank for the first quarter of 
FY2027. 
The Board approved the Results today and I hope you all have received 
the copies of results on the presentation. Before we get into the results, 
it's truly a great honour and privilege to lead the 122-year-old 
franchisee. I thank the board, regulator and shareholders for approving 
my candidature. My sincere gratitude to my predecessor, Dr. N. 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 24 
Kamakodi, for his mentorship and steadfastly supporting the smooth 
transition of leadership. 
At this juncture, I want to congratulate our director, Professor V. 
Kamakoti, who was conferred with prestigious Padma Shri award in 
recognition to his contribution to the nation. I hope you all have 
received the notice of the annual general meeting to be held on 14th 
August '26, which will happen face-to-face at Kumbakonam and also 
through the virtual mode. On behalf of the board, I invite you all to 
participate in the AGM. 
During 4QFY26 con-call, we have stated our expectations for FY '27. 
With respect to advances, we should be 2%-3% over and above the 
credit growth of the industry. Our focus on MSME will remain the same. 
Gold loans and secured retail will be an additional enhancer, but MSME 
proportion will continue to dominate. Our business through the third 
party, which is DSAs, on an overall bank book, we envisage only 1%-
2%. Our focus on secured products will continue for the year. 
Our long-term average numbers with respect to PAT, ROA, and NIM will 
hold good, and we hope the positive momentum will continue. So, these 
were the discussions we had at the end of Q4. Largely, we are in line 
with the expectations conveyed in the last quarter call. 
During the last financial year, we have achieved double-digit credit 
growth in all the four quarters. For 1QFY27 as well, we have achieved 
25% credit growth quarter-on-quarter, the highest growth rate in June-
to-June and our advances had increased to Rs. 67,645 crores from Rs. 
54,020 crores in 1QFY26. 
As stated in our earlier calls, with improved efficiency level aided by 
core loan growth, coupled with digital lending process, we have 
achieved consistent credit growth and we hope that current trend will 
continue. 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 24 
Deposits: 
Our deposits stood at Rs. 79,342 crores for 1QFY27 as compared to Rs. 
65,734 crores in 1QFY26, registering a growth of 21%. As you all know, 
we always measure by average CASA and not by terminal deposits. The 
average CASA grew by 22% in 1QFY27 to Rs. 20,062 crores compared 
to Rs. 16,478 in the corresponding period last year. Sequentially also, 
it has improved since 1QFY26, i.e. for five consecutive quarters. Our CD 
ratio for this quarter is at 85%, which is the level we indicated in our 
last call as well. With respect to the benefit given by RBI on FCNR 
deposits till now, the bank has mobilized a fresh deposit of Rs. 150 
crores. 
Asset Quality: 
On the asset quality front, for the current quarter, the total slippages 
are around Rs. 195 crores, while the total recovery is Rs. 206 crores, 
consisting of Rs. 182 crores of live NPA and Rs. 24 crores of technically 
written-off accounts. So, the trend of recovery more than slippages 
continues, and we are confident of maintaining recovery more than 
slippages for the next quarter as well, which is the current quarter. 
Our Gross NPA has reduced to 1.73% in 1QFY27. Both Gross NPA and 
Net NPA, in both percentage and absolute terms, have been reducing 
quarter-by-quarter for the past 12 quarters continuously. When 
compared to 1QFY26, the GNPA has reduced from 2.99% to 1.73% 
which is almost 126 bps reduction. Similarly, in our Net NPA, we have 
reduced to Rs. 405 crores and the Net NPA percentage is to 0.61% in 
1QFY27 while the Net NPA was at 1.20% in 1QFY26 which is the 
reduction of 59 bps on Y-o-Y basis. 
Again, overall SMA2 to total advance for the past 3 quarters is less than 
1%. Based on our discussions with cross-section of our borrowers from 
various industries, we learnt and observed that the domestic 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 24 
consumption remained largely insulated from the impact of West Asia 
crisis.  
For the 1QFY27, PCR provision coverage ratio with technical write-offs 
stood at 85% which has improved from 79% during the corresponding 
period last year. For the current quarter, PCR without a technical write-
off has improved to 65% compared to 61% during the corresponding 
period last financial year. Over the past 8 quarters or so, we have 
steadily and continuously improved our PCR.  
Our interest income had grown by 24% in 1QFY27 and increased to Rs. 
1,985 crores from Rs. 1,605 crores in 1QFY26. Our yield on advances 
stood at 9.79% for the current quarter, which is equal to our 4QFY26 
level of almost 9.80%. 
On the cost side: 
Our cost of deposits stood at 5.56%, marginally lower than 5.60% in 
the previous quarter (i.e., 4QFY26), due to repricing benefits. Our NIM 
for 1QFY27 stood at 3.78%. With term deposit rates on the verge of 
rising due to high demand, we expect the cost of deposits may slightly 
increase in the next few quarters, which will impact NIM levels by 
around 5 bps; once the situation eases, it will come back to normal. 
Hence, we expect largely the NIM to be in the range of 3.65% to 3.70% 
in the next few quarters. 
During 1QFY27, the bank invested around Rs. 700 crores in mutual 
funds which generated an income of Rs. 12 crores. This income has 
been classified under other income. Consequently, the yield on 
investments have declined to 6.42% in 1QFY27 from 6.61% in 4QFY26. 
Had the mutual fund income been recognized under interest income 
instead of other income, the yield of investments would have been 
6.67% rather than the reported figure of 6.42% for the current quarter. 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 24 
Our operating profit had grown by 29% and stood at Rs. 581 crores 
compared to Rs. 451 crores in corresponding period last year. By the 
way, this is the highest operating profit achieved by us. We had 
achieved a PAT growth of 25% and our PAT stood at Rs. 383 crores in 
1QFY27 which is again the highest in our bank history as against Rs. 
306 crores in 1QFY26. 
Our cost-to-income ratio for 1QFY27 have reduced to 45.42% from 
46.15% in 4QFY26. As we have discussed earlier, our cost-to-income 
ratio will be in the range of 47% to 48% for few quarters. The ROA is 
in tune with our long-term average and it is at 1.57% in 1QFY27 
compared to 1.55% in the corresponding period last year. 
To sum up: 
With our best efforts, we have achieved consistent double-digit growth 
for the past two years. We will continue to explore various avenues of 
advances growth in addition to our core strength of MSME. We are very 
conscious in improving our credit growth through only secured lending 
while venturing into other avenues to achieve credit growth at least 
two, three percent over and above that of the industry. 
Our deposit growth is aligning with our credit growth which is helping 
us to maintain the desired CD ratio. We expect the NIM to hover around 
3.65% to 3.70%. ROA is expected to be in our current level of 1.55 
plus. Our PAT growth will continue with business growth and better 
asset quality. Our cost-to-income ratio will remain in the range of 47% 
to 48% for FY27. 
Thanks a lot. Open the question queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. First question is from the line of Parth Gutka from 360 ONE 
Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 24 
Parth Gutka: 
My first question was on margins. Of course, you gave the guidance 
that cost of funds is expected to increase in the next couple of quarters. 
But if I look at slightly longer term, FY27, FY28, what will be the levers 
for margin improvements? Because what I am seeing is, the yields on 
the lending side are sort of stagnant or sort of improving not so 
materially. So, is it fair to say that, the only lever for margin expansion 
is the cost of funds? Or how are you looking at it? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
I think broadly, we focus on MSME gold loans, as you would be aware. 
I think we are maintaining a decent rate on gold loans, which will 
continue to give the returns as expected. And retail is also picking up 
nicely for us in secured lending. So, broadly to explain, in gold loan 
space, we are around 10 to 10.50% for agri and 11 to 11.50% for non-
agri. Broadly, we are at 9.60%, 9.70% in our LAP book in retail and we 
are around 9.30%, 9.40% in MSME. So, we are slightly confident of 
maintaining this. And traditionally, you would be aware that we are not 
the highest payers in deposits. So, we will maintain the same cost of 
funds in terms of deposits as well. And hence, this trend should continue 
and more or less, we should be there with 3.70%, 3.750% range on a 
long term. 
Parth Gutka: 
Okay, sir. And my second question was, what led to the increase in cost 
of funds for this quarter? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
We have come down on cost of funds. Repricing, we have done better 
repricing and borrowing cost has come down. 
Parth Gutka: 
Okay. So, that's largely because of the borrowing cost, right? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Subramanian K from Itus 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Subramanian K.: 
My first question is on the gold loan. So, as everyone is expanding in 
taking market share of the gold loan, how do you see the competition 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 24 
going forward? And what would be the strategy to continue growth in 
this segment? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Thank you, sir. Broadly, the competition is there in all the spaces, not 
necessarily on gold loans, but every type of firm, whether it is banks or 
NBFC, typically they have their own customer base. The kind of 
customers, I think we are predominantly branch-driven customer base 
and we get the customers who walk into the branch and pledges and 
do the transactions. I think we are at 30%, 31% as we speak today, 
and we expect it to be in the same range of 31%, 32%. We don't expect 
it to go up and hence we don't see much threat to gold loans from the 
competition at these junctures. 
Subramanian K.: 
Okay, got it. So, the second is on the MSME. So, currently the system 
MSME is growing pretty strong, but we are growing at 15% range. So, 
what are the reasons for this growth, this 15% growth? Is it going to 
continue this range or is there any specific reason for the MSME growth? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
The market is good, the consumption is good, and the funding is also 
the function of asset quality. The asset quality has been given benefit 
to us and even if you see MSME bank like us have Rs. 900 crores of 
repayment per month, so every quarter we almost come down by Rs. 
2,700 crores. So, in spite of that, we could move this engine quite faster 
based on the consumption and the market and the asset quality, and 
we envisage this to grow 2%, 3% more than the system growth. That's 
our expectation on this. 
Subramanian K.: 
Okay, but I am asking specifically MSME. I think the system-level MSME 
is growing faster, I think more than 20%, but our loan book is growing 
at 15%. So, is it some reason like you are maintaining asset quality, or 
is it like you are a bit cautious in terms of lending? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
We were always cautious on lending, so it's not. So, if you see one of 
the major reasons, there are a couple of reasons I would say. Okay, 
one is Rs. 900 crores of repayment per month and most importantly 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 24 
only in this quarter we have seen this, the unutilized portion which our 
utilization used to be 73% on an average, this has come down to 70%. 
So, the utilization level has dropped from 73% to 70% and we are also 
slightly cautious on pricing now. I think combination of these three 
factors, you would have seen some drop, but actually I would say that 
it is not a drop because with Rs. 900 crores of repayment and utilization 
coming down by 3%, I think we are very fairly poised for good growth 
and pricing we are conscious of what we have taken up also. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sonal Minhas from 
Prescient Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sonal Minhas: 
My first question was with regard to debit cost and the slippage 
numbers. I wanted to understand the industry is actually going through 
a purple patch, especially the MSME industry and there are not too 
many write-offs on the government side. So, from a one- or two-year 
perspective, what should be a number that we should be comfortable 
with in terms of our slippage and also our credit cost guidance? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
If you see credit cost at a steady state, we should be around 0.40. 
That's a number we see once it stabilizes. We don't envisage to go up 
much for sure with respect to credit cost. The other question was on 
write-off, is it? 
Sonal Minhas: 
No, slippage. 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
The recovery continues to be more than slippages. We have been doing 
this for the last 10 quarters almost and we expect this continue for this 
quarter as well. So, we don't see much change to this and our slippages, 
whatever we have committed in the last year that what we will achieve 
this year, I think we are on Rs. 700 crores to Rs. 750 crores of the 
number which we discussed. I think the slippages would be in the same 
range. 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 24 
Sonal Minhas: 
Okay. So, from a one-year, two-year guidance also, this is the slippage 
number we should be around in a percentage basis as well, like around 
1% and 1.25%? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Yes, 0.40 for credit cost and 1.20%, 1.30% should be the number. Yes, 
you are broadly right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Brian of Jayant Kharote from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jayant Kharote: 
My question is again on the growth. If I am correct, you have guided 
for above system growth by a couple of 200, 300 basis points. If that 
is to be kept with the mix intact between gold and non-gold, SME needs 
to grow much higher, sir, right? Closer to around 20% or 18%, 19%, 
which is not happening right now. So, how do you plan to catch up 
during the rest of the year? And not just SME, if you could also talk 
about other products outside gold, how do you ensure the mix doesn't 
change as you achieve your growth target for the future? And if you 
can add some numbers on SME guidance. 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
So, I will broadly categorize into three. We have three major sets of 
products. One is MSME, one is gold loans, one is retail. As we said in 
the previous calls as well, we would be on the gold loan between 31%, 
32%. MSME would be around 55%, 60% and the remaining would be 
10%, book should be retail secured. That's what broadly the plan is. 
We aren't changing the goalpost much. Probably if I would have got 
the utilization of the same level, what was happening for the last at 
least 10, 12 quarters, we would have been another 2%, 3% more in 
MSME. That would have happened because traditionally we used to be 
73%, 74% on our utilization. As I said before, this has come down to 
70. So, we had a drop of 3%, 4%. So, it's again, the utilization is a 
function of the business utilized, how much they're utilizing and how is 
the business growing. So, that's going to continue. In terms of MSME 
growth, as I said before, we will not hesitate to grow. Probably the 
asset quality is fantastic. I think the growth on MSME is going to be 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 24 
2%, 3% more than the credit system growth, and we are quite 
confident of that. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Okay. So, the next question is on the branch rollout. You have up 
fronted this year's branch rollout and we see OPEX growth has come in 
healthy 15.5. How should we think about the rest of the year on OPEX? 
And given where you are on the OPEX, why the ROA guidance to 1.55 
from 1.65? I mean, is there anything that we are missing in the ROA 
tree? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
So, largely the branch opening is done, as you rightly said, but our hikes 
are from July. So, as we speak, the staff hike is from day after 
tomorrow. So, we expect the cost to move up. That's basically the 
reason why we said our CIR would be in the range of 47 if you see our 
commentary. So, we are quite confident of maintaining the cost-to-
income at 47%. We are currently at 45 as we speak. In terms of ROA, 
I think we wanted to be a realistic in the numbers what we commit. So, 
with 1.60%, 1.65% ROA, I think that's the number which we are looking 
at in terms of the exit ROA. My other income should also comfortably 
move up. That's round the corner. Considering this, I think if you see 
Q2, Q3, Q4 of last year, we were in the range of 259 and in the Q4 we 
moved almost close to Rs. 300 crores, if you see our Q4 other income. 
We are currently in this quarter at Rs. 243 crores in the other income. 
So, with 243 to 300, 320, even if you replicate the same last year's 
performance and retail just picking up, I think 1.65% ROA is visible. 
That is the visibility for 1.60% to 1.65% there. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Sir, you said that is the exit ROA, right? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Yes, exit ROA. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Okay. And full year you are expecting in between 1.55% to 1.60%? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
1.55% to 1.65%. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Understood. 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 24 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aman from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Aman: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. The cost of funds has picked up 
during the quarter despite moderation in the cost of deposits. So, can 
you help us understand that? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Sir, that is mainly because of the other borrowing and refinance, 
whatever we have. The Q4 cost was around Rs. 72.50 crores, which 
has increased to Rs. 94 crores during Q1. That's the main reason. 
Aman: 
So, what would be the borrowing cost for the bank? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Rs. 94 crores for the quarter. 
Aman: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, second question, if you can spell out the treasury 
gains during the quarter? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
The total treasury gains are around Rs. 52 crores for the current 
quarter. Last Q4, it was Rs. 29 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pritesh Bumb from DAM 
Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Bumb: 
Just a few questions. One is, have you participated in the ECLGS 
scheme? Have you sanctioned anything, and have you disbursed as 
well? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Yes, we have participated as we speak today. Last quarter, it was Rs. 
200 crores, and till today, we are at Rs. 800 crores, and it's pretty 
decent. 
Pritesh Bumb: 
So, in terms of context, how much will be the portfolio eligible in terms 
of the portfolio? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
So, we expect ECLGS to be in the range of Rs. 2,000 crores to Rs. 2,500 
crores totally for this under the scheme. 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 24 
Pritesh Bumb: 
We are going to sanction everything, or is it that there is just the 
eligibility, but we are going to do it as it comes? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Based on the merits and whoever is eligible, they will be entitled to this 
scheme. 
Pritesh Bumb: 
Right. So, the second question was on the SMA side. I think you 
mentioned that for multiple quarters we have been less than 1%. But 
any particular rise quarter-on-quarter, or any trends in that, where we 
could know that the stress is rising as a trend, or this West Asia crisis 
is not a problem for us? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
I think if this was not West Asia crisis, I think it was not a big issue as 
of now. Whatever we speak is as of now for us. I think ECGLS is 
something which was fabulous, which came at the right time because 
there were not any stress. I have been meeting customers. We have 
gone and met multiple customers on this space. I think most of the 
customers are not showing any stress and it's only the working capital 
cycle for that ECGLS has helped them to come back to normal. So, as 
such, we have not seen any stress and our numbers are also speaking 
on the same. One, the visit, what we did for the customers is 
comfortable. Second, the backing up for the same is percentage of SMA 
to advances is less than 1%. And not only SMA2, even SMA0 and SMA1, 
we are seeing of the lowest quarter-on-quarter. I think we have not 
seen much stress on this space because of West Asia crisis. 
Pritesh Bumb: 
Sure. Third question was on utilization levels. You mentioned that it has 
actually dropped this quarter, given that whatever is happening in the 
economic standpoint of you, it is surprising that utilization levels have 
gone down actually. Because you mentioned that the ECLGS 
requirement came in at the right time. So, why would utilization level 
drop? Any analysis on that? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Utilisation is normally a function of the business, how it goes, and what 
the requirement is. And it's good if somebody is very conscious of how 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 24 
they are utilizing, then from a credit perspective, you feel comfortable. 
Typically, when the market is good, the utilization will be as high as 
80%, 75% to 80%, and for an industry which is probably not in great 
and the margins are lesser, it will be around 60%. So, on average, you 
get 75%, 73%, 74% to be on utilization. And if somebody is conscious 
of what they are utilizing, I think it's a good sign. We keep monitoring 
this very closely. And we don't see it as an issue. If you are a primary 
banker and if you are monitoring where the money is going and where 
the money is coming from, and if you can understand them better, I 
think more or less, the ‘Kundali’ is there with you, and you feel more 
comfortable. I think we have not seen much crisis. 
Pritesh Bumb: 
Right. And lastly, sir, our fee income this quarter looks slightly lower 
than what we have built in the last one year. So, as you mentioned that 
it builds up over the year, but looks like 15% year-on-year, 19% decline 
a little bit, looks like a little bit lower. So, any thoughts on that? Because 
that is also an important lever for ROA to move. 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Yes, hopefully we will catch it up, Q2-Q3-Q4. Hopefully we will catch. 
Pritesh Bumb: 
But that will be driven by disbursement, higher disbursements or will it 
be driven by any other fee income line item? What will be the driver in 
your view? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Probably the factors contributing to other income would be processing 
fee and suit recovery and the insurance income. I think if these three 
can deliver, we will be as per the plan. And processing fee is a function 
of what we disburse, which is functional to the business. Suit recovery, 
again, is from what we collect from write-off recoveries. And insurance 
income is something which we always keep it at last because we really 
don't push that much. So, it's a function of what is happening in these 
three heads broadly, other than the treasury income which we could 
scale it up till almost Rs. 390 crores, Rs. 400 crores. We expect this to 
grow as well in the quarters to come. We are quite confident of that, 
hopefully. 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 24 
Pritesh Bumb: 
Got it, sir. Sir, last question, I couldn't get the treasury income number, 
sir. I missed that number. 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
52.54 is the number. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Punit Bahlani from Dolat 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Punit Bahlani: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. So, firstly, on the yield bit, looks 
like the yield increase is driven by gold loans because the portfolio yield 
there is higher. But some peers had highlighted that because of the 
strong increasing competition in this segment, they had to cut down 
the yields. Have we cut out any yields in our portfolio for the gold loan 
bit or are we still going with the same yield? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
We haven't changed any rate of interest for gold loans. We are at the 
same rate, and we continue to do the same. We have not seen much 
to it. 
Punit Bahlani: 
Okay. Got it. Also, on the utilization levels that you commented, that 
they are dropping down because just extending other participants' 
questions, is could competition be a reason for utilization levels coming 
down? Because across other peers, we heard that, you know, working 
capital utilization levels are going up because of the demand, higher 
treasury yields, everything. So, any comment on that? And also, what 
would be the disbursement, MSME disbursement growth, Y-o-Y or Q-o-
Q, if you could highlight that? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
So, competition cannot be a function for utilization, that too when you 
are a primary banker for majority of your book. Utilization, again, is a 
function of a business niche. And it's just not that the utilization keeps 
on rising because, as I said a couple of minutes before, the type of 
industry, the demand, the supply, and other stuff. And some of the 
businessmen were also really cautious on what was happening in Q1. 
And people are really gung-ho about the future business prospects 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 24 
considering the European agreement which has been signed, 
particularly in the textile space. So, we are really not much concerned 
on the utilization level. We are confident that this would slightly go up 
above the threshold as well, considering the future prospects of the 
European agreement what textiles have signed with India, with Europe. 
So, that part is, we are quite confident. On disbursement, our average 
MSME disbursal is around Rs. 3,500 crores per quarter. 
Punit Bahlani: 
Sir, last bit on the ECL bit. What are we planning? I guess we are giving 
a guidance of 1.6%, 1.55% ROAs. Are we planning to make ECL 
provisions throughout the year or what is the plan there, basically? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Predominantly, you would be aware that we are completely a secured 
player. So, we have more or less to be 0.45% of the loan book to be 
on ECL. And we should not disturb as much because we are one of the 
banks with a very decent capital adequacy ratio and our consumption 
should not be more than 0.65% on the CAR. So, with 0.45%, we expect 
the figure to be there and with 0.65% consumption from the capital 
adequacy, I think nothing much we need to worry for at this juncture. 
Punit Bahlani: 
Got it. And anything on the flow basis, if you have done analysis 
incrementally, that will be negligible because it is a secured book? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Very, very negligible. Materialistically, not a big number. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jai Mundhra from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jai Mundhra: 
First question, sir, I wanted to know if Dr. Kamagodi, sir, is associated 
with the bank in any form or manner? And did he apply to become a 
Non-Executive Director? And did you get any visibility there? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Thanks, Jai. Thanks for the question. Yes, Dr. Kamagodi continues to 
be a good friend for us. We definitely have a good discussion. And he 
will be on the CSR. We have a separate CSR foundation, as you would 
be aware, and he continues to head the CSR foundation. With respect 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 24 
to Non-Executive Director, I think we should ask only him. I haven't 
asked till now. Probably, I will check it up with him and come back to 
you for sure. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Okay, sure. Secondly, sir, if you can quantify the SMA 01 and 02 
numbers as of June for our bank? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Yes, we are at 1.20% on SMA 0, 0.70% on SMA-1 and 0.90% on SMA-
2. Total 2.85% 
Jai Mundhra: 
So, this is broadly stable, right? This is broadly stable from last… 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Coming down. If you see, Jai, you remember, we used to be around 
10.78% in September '24. We dropped down to 7.12% in June '25. 
From 7.12%, we are at 2.85% So, that's the kind of asset quality which 
has been built in over the period of a year. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. But, sir, let us say one year back, we were at 7%, then when 
you do your ECL calculation, right, the slippage is very low, the book is 
secured. But because we have, let us say, higher percentage of SMA-1 
plus 2 earlier, the assessment is as of now is only 65 basis point of 
capital required, right? That is the assessment on ECL as of now. 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Yes, exactly right. We almost, there is a drop of Rs. 50 crores close to 
the assessment, what we have done. Probably, if we would have 
simulated this ECL a year back, our requirement would have been 
another Rs. 150 crores-Rs. 180 crores more, probably 0.45% would 
have become 0.60%, 0.65%, and our capital would have dropped by 
0.90% or so. So, that's the benefit which we have got on the better 
asset quality. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Sure, sir. And secondly, sir, on that loan mix, we have loans to business 
enterprises, right? So, how is it different from MSME? I mean, what is... 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Business enterprises is a non-MSME. 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 24 
Jai Mundhra: 
Okay. But then there are large industries also. So, what is this business 
enterprise? Is this service, non-service, manufacturing? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
When there is no URC, we consider this as a non-business, non-MSME 
loan, which is 18,827 Mn, what has been shown. Large industries and 
services are predominantly MSME only. And these are quite large 
corporates kind of stuff. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Okay. So, if there is no Udyam registration, then it will fall into business 
enterprises? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Correct. Which will be a non-MSME loan. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. Sure. And sir, lastly, on gold loan, so we have average yield at 
10.6%. Have you increased it, let's say, over the last one year, or this 
is broadly stable, there is no change in the pricing? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
So, last one year, we have increased around 20-25 bps, we have 
increased in the last one year. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Okay. So, now, sir, let us say gold loan growth is still very strong. Why 
can't you increase it by, let's say, 100 basis points and let the growth 
fall? It will still be, I mean, there seems to be less elasticity here. So, if 
you want to calibrate the gold loan growth, you can actually increase 
the pricing or that is not really possible? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
It's not possible. Predominantly in agricultural sector, we are really 
there for the genuine need for the customers who want to harvest. 
After harvesting, who wants to take it to the mandi and from that mandi 
who wants to sell. Genuinely, we are there in the agricultural space. So, 
really, we don't want to burden them. That's one set of thought process. 
The second set is NAJL. I think we are quite comfortable with what we 
are doing at 10.50%, 11.00%. We really don't want to go overboard 
and do this for the customers. Probably, we might look at 0.1%, 0.2%, 
if necessary, and if all the other players increase it. Just for the sake of 
this, we don't want to do this. 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 19 of 24 
Jai Mundhra: 
Okay. And, sir, is there any difference in yield between retail and agri 
gold loan or they are broadly similar? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Agri gold loan is 100 bps lesser. So, that's what I said. Genuinely, we 
are there for agri. So, we lend it at least 100 bps lesser than what we 
do it for others. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. And, sir, why is there the non-agri gold is very strong, right? 
Roughly 40%, 45% versus agri gold loan. Agri, I believe, is linked to 
your PSL and agri requirements. But any reason why the retail gold loan 
growth is still very strong? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Retail gold loan predominantly is always strong because your 
consumption, when it goes up, this is the cheapest source of fund from 
a player like us because they end up in paying 10.5%, 11%, or 11.5% 
to be precise. The number two is, it is easily, I mean, you want the 
money in the next one, two hours. I think that’s a best form of product 
which can get them at a very less cost. So, NAGL, which is non-agri-
gold loan, is always going to be a demand-driven product compared to 
agri. Agri is more for a specific use and non-agri is for consumption. It 
can be for emergency or it can be for your business needs. So, you 
have various things coming out. Hence, it's always going to be there, 
Jai, like this. One more thing. It is also the function of increase in 
purchase. So, we used to be at 700, we moved to 800 and now we are 
at 1,000 branches as we speak. So, it's a branch-led product. Agri is a 
branch-led product. So, when your distribution goes up, your business 
also goes up and it is a function of 700 to 1,000 branches what you are 
seeing now in uptick. And in spite of that, we are saying we are at 31, 
and while we have the capability to grow more, even at this current 
rate, we would be more comfortable with 33. I think the slide number 
24 says it all rather, we build a book which is quite comfortable rather 
than getting into overboard. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. And last question there again on this, how do you benchmark 
the, let's say, per gram limit for gold? So, let's say the per gram limit is 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 20 of 24 
14,000 today, you do 71% of that or you apply some moving average 
or there is some floor ceiling or this is a daily continuous changing rate. 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
So, we don't change it daily. We see the price movement at least for a 
month or so, and then we change the price. So, the change of price is 
not the function of when the price goes up, immediately we move up. 
So, just to give you an overall perspective, at the current market price 
today, our average LTV is at 62%. To be very precise, 62.07%. So, 
when we see this market going up for the next, say, two, three weeks, 
then we think to increase the rate. In terms of drop, we are quite 
cautious, we see how steadily the rates are dropping and immediately 
we come into this. So, to answer, while we landed at 65% LTV, today 
our price is at 62, at a 5% drop, we will be at 65% LTV. At a 10% drop, 
we will be at 69% LTV. At a 15% drop, we will be at 73% LTV. And at 
a 20% drop, we will be at 78% LTV. So, I think broadly we are 
comfortable in this prices. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pushpit Jain from Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pushpit Jain: 
My first question was on the asset mix part. So, this large industry that 
you have denoted, it is a small portion of the book, but is it like related 
to the ECLGS like disbursement? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
No. It is a proper funding. It is not an ECGLS funding. Just to give you 
clarity, we classify this as a large industry when the turnover is Rs. 750 
crores and above. That is how we have classified. It is a function of that 
disbursal what we have done for this. 
Pushpit Jain: 
Okay, sure. There is a sequential surge in this book. So, can you explain 
what is relating it to? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
No, we were at Rs. 22,500 Mil in 31st December 2025. We dropped 
down to 15,000 Mil and we moved to 19,000 Mil. Function of two things, 
one is utilization level, other one is the rates were not conducive, they 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 21 of 24 
wanted to exit, we said fine. So, those customers exited us because of 
the yield pressure. We do not want to reduce the rate and number two 
is on utilization level. These are the broad things. 
Pushpit Jain: 
So, secondly, like I missed like the interest paid on borrowings that was 
Rs. 94 crores this quarter, right? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Yes, 94. 
Pushpit Jain: 
And how do you see the cost of deposits and cost of funds going from 
here? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Cost of deposits slightly moderated to 5.56% from 5.60% in Q4. Going 
forward also, probably it may be in the range of 5.60% to 5.70% and 
the borrowing cost of present status of Rs. 94 crores to continue for the 
next two quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Akhilesh from North Rock 
LLC. Please go ahead. 
Akhilesh: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for taking my question. So, firstly, specifically in the 
agri-gold loan, what is the LTV similar to the overall LTV or is it 
different? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Agri-LTV will be slightly higher, 5% or higher. I think 5%-7% it should 
be higher than the non-agri.  
Akhilesh: 
Understood. And second on the OPEX to assets of the cost-to-income, 
considering if you look at over the next couple of years, maybe three 
to four years' time horizon, considering our aspiration to grow ahead of 
the system, how much potential do we think we have for positive 
operating leverage from here on? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Cost to income? 
Akhilesh: 
Yes, on a cost-to-income or an OPEX to assets basis. 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 22 of 24 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
I think three years is a long vision, at least for me. So, cost-to-income, 
our aspiration is to be less than 45%. That's the number which we are 
looking at. And all the work are getting for that only. Hopefully, we 
should be there. We want to be less than 45%. 
Akhilesh: 
And, sir, in the MSME and LAP segments, any purposes regarding 
maybe moving higher or lower on the ticket sizes going forward? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Our ticket sizes have always been stable. Most importantly, we aren't 
chasing higher ticket sizes. When I say higher ticket sizes, we really are 
not keen to do abovet Rs. 10 crores from a lot of perspectives. However, 
for my existing to bank customer basis, the track we are looking at, so 
our ticket sizes are broadly going to be more or less in the same range. 
We don't expect it to go up. We are more comfortable with granular. 
Akhilesh: 
Understood. And, sir, lastly, data keeping question, what would be the 
average LCR for the quarter? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
We are at 150%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Param Subramanian from 
Investec India. Please go ahead. 
Param Subramanian: 
Just one broader question. So, we are seeing a lot of the Tamil 
Nadu based lenders doing very well on growth, on margins, asset 
quality, and they're also very positive about the future. So, I heard you 
speak about, say, the textiles opportunity. But if you would call out, 
say, in the MSME in the industry sort of lending, what are the drivers 
that is causing such optimism? If you could just speak a little broadly 
about that, be it semiconductors, auto parts, what are the opportunities 
you are saying that, will drive this strong MSME growth? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
It's not only Tamil Nadu. Everywhere, wherever we are operating, it's 
pretty decent. But particularly, textiles space in Tirupur has been very 
positive on the momentum. And if you come to this side, 
Sriperumbudur, you have a big auto automobile space, which we have 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 23 of 24 
a lot to cover, by the way, our share can considerably go up there. And 
we are overall positive on consumption. I mean, the business is really 
taking off in other specs as well. So, we expect this momentum to 
continue, whatever we are talking to the clients. We have been in the 
paper space, we went to the paper industry, paper industry is also been 
doing well in, in Kangeyam Palladam, corrugated boxes. These are also 
in a really good shape. So, hopefully the trend continues, I think most 
of us should definitely do well. 
Param Subramanian: 
Sure, sir. And you expect this sort of net slippage trend of, zero 
to negative, that sort of continuing for the foreseeable future, is it? 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
We have given it for this quarter. Hopefully, if your words come true, 
we should continue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I will now hand the 
conference over to Mr. R Vijay Anandh, MD and CEO, for closing 
comments. 
R. Vijay Anandh: 
Thanks a lot. I think broadly, we were in line with the expectations of 
what our deposit growth is getting aligned with our credit growth, I 
think, which is helping us to maintain the LDR levels of the desired 
range. As we discussed during the call, we expect the NIM to be in a 
range of 3.65% to 3.70%. Our ROA is also expected to be at the current 
level, we don't see much issues there. And better asset quality, we 
would like to continue better business growth with better asset quality. 
And we want to maintain the cost to income at the desired level with 
automation with AI in some of the spaces, what we plan to invest, which 
we have invested and the operational space we have invested much in 
AI, I think, we should get this cost further coming down. Hopefully, we 
would like to maintain this momentum and continue for this quarter. 
Thanks a lot to everyone. That's it. 

 
City Union Bank Limited 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 24 of 24 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Ambit Capital Private Limited that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
