 
Sasken Technologies Limited 
139/25, Ring Road, Domlur, Bengaluru 560071, India 
T: +91 80 6694 3000, E: info@sasken.com 
CIN: L72100KA1989PLC014226 | www.sasken.com 
 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         August 6, 2026 
Dept. of Corporate Services - CRD 
Pheeroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      By web upload 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of the Earnings Call held on August 3, 2026, on the Audited Financial Results for 
the quarter ended June 30, 2026 – disclosure under Regulation 30 and Regulation 46 of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”)”  
Ref: 
(1) BSE Scrip Code 532663 | (2) NSE Symbol: SASKEN   
 
This is in continuation of our letter dated July 29, 2026, intimating about the Earnings Call scheduled 
for and held on Monday, August 3, 2026, at 4 PM (IST), in terms of Regulation 30 read with Para A 
of Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations. 
 
We wish to inform you that the Company conducted the said Earnings Call through virtual mode from 
its Registered Office at Bengaluru on Monday, August 3, 2026, commencing at 4 PM (IST) and 
concluding at 5 PM (IST), on the Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended 
June 30, 2026. The transcript of said call is enclosed herewith for your records. 
 
 
In terms of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, the Transcript of the aforesaid Earnings Call has 
been hosted on the website of the Company, as annexed to this letter, and may be accessed at the link 
set out below:  
 
Link for Transcript: https://www.sasken.com/investors/quarterly-results 
Path -> FINANCIAL YEAR 2026-2027: Q1 | Q1 FY27 Earnings Call – Transcript 
 
Kindly take the same on record and disseminate this information to the public. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sasken Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
 
Paawan Bhargava 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl. as above 
Paawan 
Bhargava
Digitally signed by 
Paawan Bhargava 
Date: 2026.08.06 
17:34:21 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
Q1 FY27 Concall Transcript 
 
Sasken Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Monday, August 3, 2026, from 04:00 PM to 05:00 PM IST 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT SPEAKERS 
• Mr. Rajiv Mody – Chairperson, Managing Director & 
CEO 
• Mr. Hareesh Ramanna – Chief Experience Officer – 
Sasken Technologies Limited & President – Borqs 
Technologies 
• Dr. Anup Savla – Chief Executive Officer – Sasken 
Silicon 
• Mr. Priyaranjan – CFO  
• Ms. Mohini Ray – Investor Relations Manager 
EXTERNAL PARTICIPANTS 
DURING Q&A SESSION 
• Keshav Sureka – Niveshaay 
• Priyank Chheda – Vallum Capital 
• Nikhil Chaudhary – Toro Wealth Managers 
• Naveen Baid – Nuvama AMC 
• Manik Taneja – Bowhead Investments 
• Dev Gulwani – CARE PMS 
• Samarth Singh – TPF Capital 
• Sanjay Kumar Elangovan – ithought PMS 

 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Q1 FY27 Concall Transcript 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Sasken Technologies 
Limited Q1 FY2027 Earnings Webinar. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the management's commentary concludes. Please note 
that this webinar is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Siddharth Rangnekar of CDR India. Over to you, sir.  
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
Thank you and welcome to Sasken Technologies Limited Q1 FY2027 
Earnings Conference Call.  
 
I am pleased to introduce the leadership team joining us today from 
Sasken. Mr. Rajiv Mody, Chairperson and Managing Director and CEO, 
Mr. Hareesh Ramanna, Chief Experience Officer and President, Borqs 
Technologies. Dr. Anup Savla, who heads our Silicon Business. Mr. 
Priyaranjan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company and Ms. Mohini Ray, 
Investor Relations Manager.  
 
We shall begin the call with opening remarks from Mr. Mody followed by 
the leadership team, sharing details on the Company's performance 
during the quarter. After this discussion, we will open the floor for a 
detailed question and answer session. Today's call would run 
approximately for 45 minutes duration. The recording and transcript shall 
be available on the Company's website afterwards and also on the stock 
exchanges. The discussion would be based on our quarterly financial 
results, the investor presentation and press release that are filed with the 
stock exchanges and also published on our website.  
 
Before we commence, I would like to point out that certain statements 
made during today's call about Sasken's future growth prospects are 
forward-looking in nature. This involves a number of risks and 
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from 
such forward-looking statements. We request you to review these safe 
harbor statements in the Company's formal investor release documents 
that are published on the Company's website. With this, I now hand over 
the session to Mr. Mody. 
Rajiv Mody: 
Thank you, Siddharth. It is a pleasure to welcome you all to Sasken's Q1 
FY2027 earnings call and I thank you all for joining us today.  
 
As Sasken has evolved in both scale and strategic relevance in the recent 
time, we felt it equally important to strengthen how we engage with the 
investment community through regular and transparent communication. 
We value the confidence, perspective, and long-term partnership of our 
investors and remain committed to regular, transparent, and meaningful 

 
 
Page 3 of 20 
Q1 FY27 Concall Transcript 
communication. I am pleased to connect with you directly through these 
quarterly earnings calls and share our progress, priorities, and outlook.  
 
Before I turn to the quarter, I want to take a brief moment to share how 
Sasken has evolved. Over more than three decades, we have grown from 
a pure communications and device engineering services Company into a 
full-stack 
‘Chip-to-Cognition’ 
engineering 
partner. 
Today, 
our 
capabilities span across semiconductor design, embedded software 
services, connected devices, and increasingly AI-native engineering, 
giving us a differentiated position in the market and a stronger platform 
for sustainable long-term growth.  
 
The last two years marked an important inflection point in Sasken's 
journey. The Borqs acquisition broadened our smart devices and ODM 
capabilities, strengthened our relevance with global hyperscalers, 
automotive customers, and added greater product ownership to our 
portfolio. In parallel, our Silicon business deepened our capabilities in 
chip design, engineering, and innovation. Sasken today is a more 
diversified, product-focused, and better positioned across the 
engineering value chain than it was two years ago. This is the perspective 
through which we invite the investment community to view our progress 
and long-term opportunities. 
 
Let me shift our conversation to the quarter. We have started the new 
financial year on a positive note, delivering continued momentum with 
revenues up by 24% year-on-year. We also closed the quarter with a 
healthy order booking of US$47 million in total contract value, including 
US$34 million coming from new deal wins, while adding five new logos.  
 
What stands out in this quarter is that growth was accompanied by a 
broader customer base and continued momentum across automotive 
connectivity, semiconductor design, and AI-native engagements. This 
includes multi-year capability engagement with the global hyperscaler 
and a strategic engagement with a global technology Company to deliver 
services on AI and automation, spanning agentic AI, LLM validation, and 
intelligent testing. Together, these engagements reinforce that our Chip-
to-Cognition positioning is resonating with customers and the demand is 
increasingly shifting towards intelligent AI-led demand.  
 
On the people front, our global headcount reached 2,658 people while 
maintaining attrition at 9.8% and improving utilization to 85%, reflecting 
disciplined scaling to meet the needs growing demands. I am also 
pleased to share that we inaugurated Sasken Silicon Incubation Center 
in Hubballi to strengthen university collaboration and development of 

 
 
Page 4 of 20 
Q1 FY27 Concall Transcript 
future semiconductor talent. We also opened a new center of excellence 
in Hyderabad, expanding our access to engineering talent.  
 
Overall, the quarter reflected the continued progress we are making in 
building a more resilient, differentiated, and product-minded Sasken. 
Looking ahead, our priority through the rest of FY2027 will remain on 
disciplined and profitable growth, converting recent wins to sustainable 
revenues, improving execution consistency, and continuing to invest in 
the talent and capability that strengthen our Chip-to-Cognition position.  
 
With that, I would like to invite Hareesh to share his views on technology 
and markets. 
Hareesh Ramanna: 
Thank you, Rajiv, and greetings to everyone joining us today. I would like 
to briefly share our perspective on the technology and the demand 
environment in which Sasken operates, along with the strategic role of 
the product solution business within our Chip-to-Cognition mission.  
 
The global engineering R&D landscape is being reshaped by AI-enabled 
systems, software-defined platforms, connected devices, and intelligent 
automation. Customers increasingly seek partners who can bring 
together silicon, embedded software, devices, cloud, and intelligence 
across the product lifecycle. This is precisely the opportunity Chip-to-
Cognition positioning is designed to address. 
 
Let me talk about our key vectors, starting with automotive. The industry 
is undergoing a fundamental software-led transformation driven by 
software-defined vehicles, centralized computer architectures, 5G, and 
Vehicle-to-Everything, 
V2X. 
AI 
is 
further 
accelerating 
feature 
development, validation, and time-to-market across the vehicle 
lifecycle.  
 
In communications, we are talking of connected world, wherein devices 
at home, vehicles on road, devices enterprise provide the consumer a 
seamless experience. This seamless experience is the new key mantra 
going forward. We are all used to having stagnation of the device look and 
feel, but this seamless experience across auto, enterprise devices, and 
mobile is the key to the future.  
 
Communication infrastructure is driven largely by 5G advanced, secure 
private networks, and AI-led network operations. Our recent engagement 
across massive MIMO, Beamforming, and Open RAN reflects our 
relevance in this evolving market.  

 
 
Page 5 of 20 
Q1 FY27 Concall Transcript 
 
Within smart devices, on-device AI and memory supply pressure are 
reshaping product economics and encouraging customers to prioritize 
higher value enterprise and specialized devices. Enterprises are also 
adopting generative and agentic AI to shorten product cycles and embed 
intelligence into their offerings.  
 
As Rajiv mentioned earlier in this conversation, Chip-to-Cognition is 
about participating across the complete engineering lifecycle, and with 
our full stack engineering depth, we are making that happen. Product 
Solutions extends Sasken engineering capabilities right through to the 
finished product. With Borqs integrated, we can support customers from 
concept and design through certifications, production, deployment, and 
after-sales service. This has strengthened our ability to take greater 
product ownership to deepen customer relationship and participate in 
longer duration programs across the complete product lifecycle.  
 
I will now request my colleague Anup to add his views. 
Anup Savla: 
Thank you, Hareesh, and very well summarized.  
 
In fact, what makes this business particularly compelling is the long-term 
opportunity ahead. The semiconductor industry continues to see 
sustained investment across AI, edge computing, automotive 
electronics, and intelligent connectivity while demand for custom silicon 
and specialized architectures is increasing the need for advanced design 
capabilities. At the same time, analog and mixed signal engineering 
remain highly specialized domains where experience talent is scarce, 
pushing companies to look for partners with deep specialized design 
expertise rather than building everything in-house. As chip architecture 
becomes more complex and development cycles shorten, customers 
are engaging engineering partners earlier from architecture and IP 
development through activities like physical design, verification, 
validation, and embedded software.  
 
This creates an attractive opportunity for Sasken Silicon at the “chip” end 
of the Chip-to-Cognition strategy. While the business is in an early stage 
for us, we are building it with a long-term perspective, focused on 
deepening 
specialized 
capabilities, 
strengthening 
customer 
relationships, and increasing our participation in higher-value, longer-
duration semiconductor programs.  
 
I will now hand over to our CFO, Priyaranjan, who will walk you through 
the financial performance for the quarter. 
Priyaranjan: 
Thank you, Anup and a good day to everyone.  

 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Q1 FY27 Concall Transcript 
 
Q1 FY2027 marked a resilient and encouraging start to the year with 
continued momentum in our business growth and disciplined execution 
across the organization.  
 
I am pleased to share that our total consolidated revenue for the quarter 
was ₹339 Crores, increasing 24% year-on-year and 1.6% sequentially. 
Software services was the key growth driver in the quarter with revenue 
of ₹219 Crores up by 24.3% year-on-year and 4.8% sequentially. Product 
Solutions reported revenue of ₹120 Crores, increasing by 23.6% year-on-
year and moderating by 3.9% sequentially, following a strong Q4. As 
explained earlier, the business continued to navigate industry-wide 
pressures relating to memory availability, component pricing, and 
program mix.  
 
Revenue mix remained broad-based across geographies and was evenly 
distributed with 30% coming from North America, about 25% from EMEA 
region, 26% from India, and rest 20% from APAC.  
 
Gross margin for the quarter stood at 21.9% and ₹74 Crores in absolute 
terms, up by 48% year-on-year, and a decline by 1% sequentially. The 
growth was contributed primarily by software services segment, where 
we saw continued margin expansion. The gross margin in software 
services improved by 240-basis points to 30.6%. This margin 
improvement was on account of improved utilization, a disciplined cost 
management and benefits of scale. The product solution segment 
margins moderated to 5.9%, declining by 310 basis points sequentially, 
reflecting the expected industry-wide headwinds, along with changes in 
project mix.  
 
Consequently, our EBITDA for the quarter was ₹31 Crores, with a margin 
of 9.5%. And we delivered an EBIT of ₹21 Crores, translating to an EBIT 
margin of 6.3%, a decline of 50-basis points sequentially, and an 
improvement of 430  basis points year-on-year.  
 
Consolidated profit after tax stood at ₹23 Crores with a margin of 6.9%. 
Sequential moderation impact was due to normalization of one-off 
benefits recorded in other income during Q4. Foreign exchange gains in 
the current quarter were lower compared to the previous quarter, which 
had benefited from favorable currency movements. 
 
Turning to business momentum, the order booked in the quarter in terms 
of the total contract value was about US$ 47 million, of which US$ 34 
million represented new bookings. Annual contract value or ACV 

 
 
Page 7 of 20 
Q1 FY27 Concall Transcript 
corresponding to orders won in the quarter stood at about  
US$ 40 million, including US$ 24 million from new wins.  
 
Our customer metrics also remain encouraging. We serve 93 active 
customers during the quarter compared to 79 in the corresponding 
period last year. We added five new logos in the quarter. At the same 
time, we continue to scale existing strategic relationships with revenue 
contribution from our top five customers remaining broadly stable at 
approximately 56%.  
 
I am also glad to share that customer satisfaction continues to be an 
important measure of our execution quality. Our CSAT score remained 
strong at 4.5 out of 5 compared with the stated industry benchmark of 
3.75.  
 
Our balance sheet continues to remain strong, and we closed the quarter 
with a healthy cash and investment position of ₹356 Crores. Overall, Q1 
reflects a broader customer base, improving service profitability and 
healthy business momentum. Our focus for the remainder of FY2027 will 
be on converting these bookings into revenues, improving quality of 
business mix, maintaining cost discipline, and driving sustainable, 
profitable growth.  
 
With this, I will hand the call back to our moderator to open the floor for 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may 
please use the raise hand icon located at the bottom toolbar on your 
screen. When called upon, you will receive a prompt to unmute. In the 
interest of time, we request you to limit your questions to two per 
participant. Time permitting, you may come back in the queue for follow-
up question. We will take the first question from Keshav Sureka of 
Niveshaay. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Sureka: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. So as per our strategy, so the 4 
million plus customer has been at six for four consecutive quarters. Like, 
and our customer base has gone from 79 to 93 and the top five 
concentration is up 52 to 56. So, what is the pipeline of accounts you 
expect to cross $4 million in FY2027? 
Rajiv Mody: 
Let me answer that question just for everybody’s benefit, our 60x4x3 
strategy stemmed from what we had seen as a guiding principle moving 
forward, largely linked to some of the learnings we had from the past. We, 
as you know, serve most marquee customers globally. Fortune 500 plus 

 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Q1 FY27 Concall Transcript 
Fortune 100, you name it, in the segments that we operate, we have them 
as our customers. And as a strategy, we have defined that we will at least 
cross them 4 million run rate revenues in a matter of three years. We 
completed two years and this first quarter is the end of, out of the 12 
quarters, 9th quarter and now running into the 10th quarter.  
 
Having said that, this is the approach and we continue to focus on driving 
that transformation while we are growing. In some of our other accounts 
where we have scaled significantly more than $4 million, our emphasis 
focuses to ensure that the remaining customers out of the total active 
customers of 93, which are the ones that we go after, and ensure that we 
sustain and grow them to four plus million in a matter of a certain time. 
Of course, three years was metaphoric. We may take maybe one or two 
more years, but the strategy remains intact, the focus remains intact. We 
may not be able to disclose exactly the names of the customers that we 
will go after in this Financial Year, but I can assure you that that remains 
our focus and towards that, we will be adding sales and we are 
continuously adding sales bandwidth and ensuring that we achieve that 
goal, achieve that objective. So our mission, our vision, whatever one 
wants to call it, remains intact, and that is our commitment to the 
market. 
Keshav Sureka: 
Got it. And sir like, I know you already mentioned about, drop in Product 
Solutions margin from 12.8 to 5.9. So, like, what was the major reason? 
Was it like memory pricing or something different? Like, I suppose that 
memory pricing is a pass on thing for the customer. So, like, what made 
the margins fell to 5.9% if you can guide? 
Priyaranjan: 
So obviously, memory pricing has an influence while we try and pass on 
everything to the customer. From a margin perspective, it affects 
because you do not get the same carry on the product as you would get 
earlier, I mean, you are passing on the cost, but the incremental margin 
does not come. So, from a percentage, it gets affected.  
 
The second thing which also happened in the quarter is that the product 
mix changed. Our silicon business is moving towards productization and 
that has an impact on the margins and some of these products will get 
shipped through the year and we should look at the margins on a full year 
basis to get a better picture. We believe that some of these actions which 
we have taken in Q1, we will see the margins starting to stabilize over the 
year. 
Keshav Sureka: 
Got it. One last question from my side, like you disclosed two hyperscaler 
engagements this quarter, like one for the next gen device across 

 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Q1 FY27 Concall Transcript 
platforms and one for OS sustenance. So, like are these same 
hyperscaler or different? 
Rajiv Mody: 
These are different hyperscaler. 
Keshav Sureka: 
Got it. I will get back in the queue. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Priyank Chheda of Vallum Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Hi, sir. My question is on revenue contribution. If you can help us from the 
key offerings mentioned on slide number 30, or maybe key segments 
mentioned in our press release, which is auto, satellites, cellular 
communications, smart devices, digital semiconductor, what would be 
broader revenue contributions and maybe addressable size based on the 
capabilities that we find alongside because these are very new kind of a 
segment as well as very emerging segments. Where do you find 
incremental large opportunities for you coming up? 
Rajiv Mody: 
So, request Ranjan to prepare for the first question, I will probably try to 
answer the second one and request if Hareesh to add to it. As we 
described in our opening remarks, your Company today is more broad-
based, where it is able to serve the customers starting with silicon, all the 
way to cloud and AI and machine learning, everything that is linked to 
that. So today, you take any embedded product, your company has the 
capabilities starting with semiconductors to deliver full product, 
including all the services that may be required to be delivered on cloud 
and machine learning, AI-based approach. So I think this may give you a 
perspective on the capability that your Company has today. And that 
points also to the fact that while we are serving these markets, it is 
possible for us to enter other markets, which I am sure we will strategize 
and enter them. So hopefully I have answered the second part of your 
question on the capability that your company has and how can we serve 
those customers effectively. Coming back to the first question, I will 
request Ranjan to help out. 
Priyaranjan: 
So currently we look at our business as Product Solutions and Software 
Services. We do not disclose number based on offerings or verticals. As 
we believe that that will become more relevant as we scale and may 
distort the picture if we try to publish it on a quarterly basis now. Both 
software services and product solution on a year-on-year basis has 
grown more than 20% and we are expecting and that is a kind of a 
reflection of how across the verticals we have been able to scale as 
already covered by both Hareesh and Anup, We are seeing traction 

 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Q1 FY27 Concall Transcript 
across automotive, communication devices or all the verticals which we 
operated. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Sir, I get it, just feedback, most of the IT companies would disclose their 
revenue segments it would be great if in future we can have that 
disclosure also. A second question on the TCV front what we understand 
is around $47 million of TCV, which roughly comes to around a quarter of 
our revenue. It is slightly different than most of the other service line 
products or product line companies that would have, say, around 9 
months to 12 months kind of a TCV. This requires a very fast forward and 
a continuous approach on the sales strategy side to keep the engine 
running on the TCV front. Just your comments around, how do we plan to 
change the tenure or maybe a last TCVs which also may combine with 
your strategy of 60x4x3. That is one and just a clarification required of 
what is kind of a pipeline in the silicon which you mentioned where the 
productization is happening. So what is the kind of a pipeline that we are 
looking at? Thank you. 
Priyaranjan: 
Let me take that. Let me just clarify, when we publish the order book 
summary, it is the order booked in the quarter. It is not the total order 
backlog which we have. So, $47.1 is the new orders, which we have 
booked in the current quarter, which will be delivered over multi-years, 
right? Out of that, the published $40.5 reflects the annual contract value, 
which means that will get delivered in the next 12 months. So typically, 
just like any other IT services company, we tend to make sure that the 
order backlog which we have does give us a carry of 9 to 10 months. And 
that is how we also follow through on our new wins to make sure that we 
meet the annual numbers.  
 
On the silicon thing, some of our orders are multi-year orders. So, it is a 
function of how the customer does the offtake of some of these products. 
We do believe that we continue to show the growth rates which we have 
shown in the last year on Silicon, but we will not be able to give specific 
order breakdown on how much is production and how much is otherwise. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We now take our next question from Nikhil Chaudhary of Toro 
Wealth Managers. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
Good evening. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on 
sustaining probably what you did in Q4.  
 
I had two questions. If I see your headcount, probably it is 2,658 people 
split into 2,400 engineers and 263 into corporate. I understand your sales 
and probably team headcount is clubbed in the 263 people, which 
probably seems to have declined quarter-on-quarter. I just want to 

 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Q1 FY27 Concall Transcript 
understand since our 60x4x3 strategy is actually more about account 
mining and probably building a good sales team also. I wanted to 
understand how do you think about this headcount moving this year, like 
by the end of this year, because we need a good sales team, senior 
account mining team to probably ensure that we are able to scale to the 
number that we are aspiring. Second is when I see our headcount 
number is up 9% this quarter, but our cost has gone up only by 3% 
approximately. So just want to understand, I assume these are junior 
engineers we have hired in the team. And the last one is, wanted to 
understand the team below Mr. Savla, like how many senior analog and 
RF design leaders do we have below him who can independently own the 
customer end to end? Just want to understand. So, my questions are 
more on the quality of the team that probably we are building. 
Rajiv Mody: 
So, let me answer the question on the sales team. Definitely, we are 
continuously adding sales bandwidth and ensuring that we assign them 
to other accounts. which may not as much served as otherwise we would 
have liked. So, we expect to add at least another five to six sales heads 
during the rest of the year and ensure that we have coverage across. I also 
want to emphasize that while myself or Hareesh or Anup may not classify 
ourselves as salespeople, but we also are in the field selling effectively 
through our connects, contacts that we have built over a long period of 
time. And that is also helping in ensuring that we are able to mine our 
accounts effectively and third thing I wanted to also emphasize is a lot of 
our engagements are also led by delivery, with regard to ensuring that we 
grow our customers by creating more opportunities. So some of the 
growths that you see are also delivery led overall from us to be able to 
maintain our momentum. So this is the approach we are taking, but to 
your point, yes, we are adding sales people as we are growing and 
continuing our margin in growing our business. On the second one, if you 
can answer and then Anup can answer the third one, Anup. No, the cost 
has gone up only by. 
Priyaranjan: 
Okay, on the question on the cost, it will be a mix of people which we hire 
both lateral and freshers. So, there will be certain costs which would 
have probably come in Q4 due to catch up of bonuses which will not be 
recurring. So, those could be the vagaries otherwise we do not see any 
too much of variation in the cost levels and utilization has improved. So, 
that is where you would have seen it not impacting the margins. 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
Got it. Okay. 
Anup Savla: 
On the question of the seniority of the team, I would frame it as we have 
always placed extremely strong emphasis on making the teams 

 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Q1 FY27 Concall Transcript 
independent through giving them training not only on the core skills that 
are necessary but also giving them a sense of ownership through full 
visibility into the type of work that we do. And indeed, as we mentioned 
earlier, we have continued to view our role in this company as fulfilling 
the Chip-to-Cognition full stack rather than being an island of silicon 
execution by ourselves. To which point, a lot of the execution that 
happens across all of our customers is handled independently by my 
team members. And they have the priorities, they have the training, they 
have the skill sets, not just one level, but multiple levels deep to be able 
to take the right type of engineering calls to do this. As you all must know 
analog radio frequency millimeter wave design in which we specialize are 
very niche, hard to find and sought-after skill sets. So, we've grown a lot 
of these in-house and the teams and the team members have strong skill 
sets to be able to operate independently. 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
Got it, got it. And just last question if I may. Mr. Mody, how do you think 
about this? I think like, is there any conflict? We have an engineering 
services company as well as an IP licensing company, both within 
Sasken? 
Rajiv Mody: 
No, we do not see that as a conflict at all. As a matter of fact, in today's 
world, the customers are also looking at ways in which you can add to by 
building IPs, which you can take to them, where they are able to bring 
their products out much faster at cost effective manner. So, we do see 
that as a complimentary and AI is playing a huge role in my opinion 
towards achieving that goal, that objective. I think Hareesh, if you want to 
add to that, please. 
Hareesh Ramanna: 
As an example, one of our marquee customers, though they are working 
for us, right? So typically Anup talked about custom silicon, right? So, 
people are now looking at customized silicon rather than the regular 
chipsets, which they get because they want to embed their IP and they 
want to work with the company who can help them do the IP 
development, including integrating their own IP. That is why we bring in, 
when that happens, we bring in Anup's team into the picture, right? So, it 
is more complimentary. While the main product can go with the big 
chipset makers, SoC makers, but there is always the little guy which is 
going to be in the product and that is what Anup said. 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
Got it, got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A quick reminder to our participants, we request you to please 
limit your questions to two per party. Our next question is from Naveen 

 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Q1 FY27 Concall Transcript 
Baid of Nuvama AMC. Please go ahead. Mr. Baid, please go ahead with 
your question. 
Naveen Baid: 
Thank you for the opportunity, madam. So, if I just sort of do a back of the 
envelope calculation, you are 60x4x3. And while you said that the three 
years’ timeframe was more metaphoric and not really set in stone. So 
even if I were to extend it by a couple of years, and just add some tail 
revenues are we looking at close to 2,500 to 3,000 sort of a ballpark in 
terms of a revenue number and if we are, then given the fact that we 
ended 26 at about roughly about Rs.1,150 odd Crores, what do you think 
will drive that growth? 
Rajiv Mody: 
I am sorry, your question is on 60x4x3 and what would be our way of 
achieving that? 
Naveen Baid: 
Absolutely. 
Rajiv Mody: 
So, I think, like I said, I have explained why 60x4x3. And I have also 
explained that 3, while being metaphoric, there is an urgency behind that 
too. I am pretty sure two years ago, if you had asked me when we were 50 
million, whether we will cross 125 in two years, I am sure you would have 
probably doubted. And I think we crossed that in FY2026. We are indeed 
looking at ways in which we can really scale our business and be able to 
serve our customers better by adding more offerings on one side and 
effectively managing and mining customers on the other side, because 
we have an amazing marquee set of customers. And we do believe that 
the offers that we bring, particularly on the embedded, all the way from 
Chip-to-Cognition is extremely relevant. So, we are fairly confident that 
yes, we may take maybe one more year, but we should be able to achieve 
that goal, how? I may not be able to describe that fully to you in absolute 
black and white, but directionally, that is the goal, that is the objective 
that we are driving. And like you said, we do not give any guidance, but we 
do believe that we are headed in the right direction. 
Naveen Baid: 
And just one follow up on that. So, within the three segments, the three 
key segments, which one do you think will drive that particular growth? 
Rajiv Mody: 
All three segments have a huge potential to drive the growth. If you take 
our silicon business, definitely it has the potential and we are putting all 
our energies behind that to see how we can drive the growth. Then like 
Hareesh explained, the demand in the market also is towards specialized 
silicons, which have applications built into them, because application 
plays a key critical role compared to the underlying silicon. How can one 
create that is one vector and many such vectors. Similarly, on devices, 
there is a demand and I think Make in India is another thing that is 

 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Q1 FY27 Concall Transcript 
showing up in a big way where shifts are happening and customers 
outside, particularly European and US customers are asking for product 
to be fully designed, which is a China Plus One, or in many cases that the 
product cannot be done out of China. And that is a vector that we are 
seeing as a great thing. And obviously the full stack software services is 
the third vector, which we have, which is also having a significant promise 
and the data sciences or what typically digital AI, is obviously the 
mainstream, which is the horizontal, which is cutting across. So we are 
fairly confident and comfortable in terms of ensuring that we have all the 
ducks lined up. Yes, there may be some gaps somewhere, which we may 
look inorganic for our opportunities over there, but overall, I think we do 
believe that we are pointing in the right direction. And to me, honestly, 
Naveen, growth is the most important imperative. How that falls into 
which bucket will identify later and we are seeing momentum across so I 
am not stopping engines, trying to moderate it for a particular outcome. 
Naveen Baid: 
And since you stressed on some of the growth bit and so vociferously, so 
are you sort of, in a way subtly implying that that growth may come even 
if it is at the cost of margins? 
Rajiv Mody: 
We are very careful on making sure, and I think Ranjan has emphasized 
that going forward, we are making sure that improvement will be there in 
execution and operational excellence. Obviously, there will be, what do 
you call this requirement that initially may seem, but let me assure you, 
Naveen, I think you have seen this organization, I think in a matter of six 
quarters really turn around and improve the margins from maybe about 
2%, and I am talking Software Services, maybe about 2% to 3% up to 
11.5%, 12% EBIT. And I think we are on a path journey where we are 
operationally driving the performance. And the short answer is we will 
make sure that we will maintain our margins while we maintain our 
growth momentum. 
Naveen Baid: 
Thank you so much. I will follow back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Manik Taneja of Bowhead 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Thank you for the opportunity, Rajiv. I actually wanted to get your sense 
with regards to the Borqs acquisition that you guys made at the end of 
FY2025. Just wanted to understand how does that fit in the strategic 
rationale with the services business that we have had for almost all 
entirety. That is question number one. The second question was more of 
a clarification question around data. So, if I look at the headcount that we 
had at the end of Q4, FY2025, we are close to about 1,900 people. We are 

 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Q1 FY27 Concall Transcript 
now at about 2,600 odd plus people at the end of Q1, FY2027. So, how 
much of this headcount increase essentially is largely to do with the 
acquisitions that we made versus organic build out and like typically in 
services one would correlate the headcount addition to revenue to giving 
you some sense on near term growth visibility. Should we be thinking 
about that even now or a business essentially is changing and thereby 
that may not be the right data point to essentially track. Those are my 
questions. 
Rajiv Mody: 
Manik, the Borqs acquisition has worked out really well for both Sasken 
and Borqs. Over the last 12 months, we have integrated extremely well 
and we have seen the benefits of that in terms of scaling our business 
both in services and in product solutions, vectors both. We have in 
services gotten engaged with larger customers because of our combined 
forces being able to address the demands, the need, both technically as 
well as size coming together. And in the product solutions also, similarly, 
we have won and continue to focus and will report when the actual wins 
come through on how we are making progress also on our product 
solution side. So, I think the integration has happened very well. Both the 
teams are functioning extremely well. Hareesh is leading things on 
experience and technology for overall Sasken Group and because of his 
contacts and his reach have been in the industry, we are able to really 
penetrate and grow customers, which we as Sasken otherwise would not 
have been able to do. So overall, I think it is a very satisfactory thing, in 
my opinion. On the second part, I think Ranjan may be able to answer that 
question, please Ranjan. 
Priyaranjan: 
As at the end of Q1 FY2026, our headcount was 2,200 people. And by that 
time, we had already completed the acquisition of Borqs. So that 
headcount included even the inorganic additions which were there, 
which was roughly about 300 people. Today, the headcount is about 
2,658. So all of that growth is actually organic addition to headcount. And 
yes, you are right. A large part of our business gets delivered through a 
combination of headcount and AI. So, AI is part of all the work which we 
are doing and as things move forward, headcount may not be the only 
vector to measure growth. So that will morph and we will have to look at 
how other metrics can be used to communicate the same. 
Rajiv Mody: 
All we can emphasize is all the work that we do for largely for all our 
customers is AI led. So, AI is automatically built into it in everything that 
we do for our customers. 
Manik Taneja: 
Just a clarification question, Rajiv. So does the ODM capabilities help us 
in driving greater, I would say, stickiness or greater salability of our 

 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Q1 FY27 Concall Transcript 
services business? And that is where the rationale for this acquisition 
and thereby the confidence in further scaling up in the next few years? 
Rajiv Mody: 
You are absolutely right. ODM capability is much deeper capability when 
you are designing a full product for a customer, starting with the silicon 
licenses that you have as well as advanced knowledge information about 
the silicon platforms. And then all the rub off that happens because of 
that is definitely helping in terms of us being able to drive the growths that 
we are talking about. Hareesh, do you want to? 
Hareesh Ramanna: 
Yes, so definitely, right. So, when you start developing a product, you 
need to go right from the silicon, like what Rajiv said, into a full device that 
gives us a greater capability in terms of the Product Engineering. That is 
what the new like a new demand from our customers is, as opposed to 
doing one portion of the product, we are able to conceive the entire 
product, right, from silicon to the cloud, right? So, this experience has 
definitely brought in new customers to us because now whenever Rajiv 
and I, we went to meet the customers, all our customers like this idea of 
Sasken now becoming a full-fledged product engineering company, 
right? So that is one thing which was appreciated by all the customers 
and that is the reason we got some new wins as well. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. Thank you and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Dev Gulwani of CARE PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Dev Gulwani: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Sir, revenue was flat for so many years. 
What is the reason behind sudden revenue growth in the software 
solutions? What has changed in the past two years? 
Priyaranjan: 
As Rajiv explained the 60x4x3 mission, which we had multiple vectors. It 
was just not about numbers. One was to actually work closer with the 
customer, be in the face of the customer, understand customer 
problems, which allowed us to explore new opportunities. The second 
thing was about empowering the teams. So, we have gone about 
empowering our team so that they now own the growth rather than just 
being stuck with the leadership team. Third thing is about the investing in 
capability. As we engaged on 60x4x3, we realized that for us to be having 
meaningful conversation with a customer, we have to build world-class 
team and we have been investing in that. And the fourth thing is to look at 
the white spaces which we have and fill that up. For example, Borqs 
acquisition or the silicon acquisition in that connection for us to be able 
to provide end-to-end engagement with our customers. So, all these four 
or five things which we put together helped us change the relationship 

 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Q1 FY27 Concall Transcript 
with our customer and deepen the relationship, which has helped us to 
explore new opportunities and build scale. 
Dev Gulwani: 
Okay, thank you. And you mentioned EBITDA will be in similar range to 
previous participant. So is there any scope of improvement like it was 
more than 20% before FY2027 or are we compromising margins to attract 
new customers or by providing them service at a lower price? 
Priyaranjan: 
So, we do not want to give any guidance on the margins at this point in 
time, but as Rajiv mentioned, right, so we are constantly making sure that 
we are driving efficiencies in how we are doing. And also, wherever 
necessary, making sure that we do value pricing. So, both combinations 
are in works to make sure that we constantly improve our margins. And 
that is the goal which the management team has taken. 
Dev Gulwani: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Samarth Singh of TPF Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Samarth Singh: 
Good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question was just 
on our operating cash flows, which have been negative for the last two 
years, despite profit growth. So, if we just talk about why that has 
happened, and can we expect to be cash flow positive in FY2027? 
Priyaranjan: 
So yeah, we've been investing in our business and that is why the cash 
flows have been negative. It is not that we have had any challenges in our 
collections or so. So, as we scale, there is going to be consumption in 
working capital as well as on FA. We believe even this year we would have 
a large consumption of cash. Obviously, the effort of the management is 
to try and see how to quickly get to cash flow positive despite the growth 
challenges. So, we will use a mixture of our own internal accruals to 
finance the growth as well as external funds. But this is work in progress 
and as and when we have more information, we share with you. 
Samarth Singh: 
So, this is getting largely consumed by Borqs, is my understanding 
correct? 
Priyaranjan: 
It is just not Borqs, it is across as some of these engagements need 
working capital both in terms of capacity expansion as well as in terms of 
receivable and inventory. So, it is a combination. Obviously, in Q1, we 
had to build some of the inventories in order to manage the memory 
shortage. So, in Q1, the cash flow impact is coming from there. 
Samarth Singh: 
Okay. And for the Borqs entity, I think we mentioned in the past that we 
should be able to break even at a 60, 70 million dollar top line. Does that 

 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Q1 FY27 Concall Transcript 
still hold? And I think if I am not mistaken, last year we were at a net loss 
in this business. So, if you could just talk a little bit about that, please. 
Priyaranjan: 
So, the break-even point would be about 12 million revenue on a 
quarterly revenue. That is where we will hit the break-even point. Break 
even and from there on it will become, it will add to the bottom line as the 
scale happens. 
Samarth Singh: 
Got it. And last question from my side was, I think we have confirmed we 
have the GlobalFoundries IP certification and the Intel certification last 
time I think you mentioned was in process. So, we can talk about where 
that stands today and if we have been able to, we made any progress on 
a formal TSMC relationship. 
Anup Savla: 
All those three are in progress, and we have made substantial, significant 
progress towards strengthening those partnerships, and those have 
resulted in additional activity for us in terms of the design work we do. 
Due to the non-public nature of some of this progress towards these 
relationships, we cannot specifically make any announcements on those 
yet. 
Samarth Singh: 
Okay, that is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. In the interest of time, we will be taking our last question for 
today. That is from Sanjay Kumar Elangovan of ithought PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanjay Elangovan: 
Hi, team. So, first question to Anup. Anup, you mentioned RF and 
mmWave even in a recent media interview, you had talked about these. 
Given Sasken's legacy expertise in analog and power devices, and your 
expertise in RF and mmWave, what kind of projects are we working on? 
How do we win orders in these two niche technologies? Niche now, but 
they are being adopted in automotive, 5G, 6G, and a lot of other segments 
as well. So, if you could talk about your projects and the product segment 
that you are focusing on in these two technologies. 
Anup Savla: 
Thank you, Sanjay. And I think you touched upon something very 
important in your remarks. So, what used to appear like just niche 
technology, such as component of analog within any large 
semiconductor design project might be limited and isolated is actually 
turning out to be quite pervasive. As we look at the demands for modern 
silicon in AI, in automotive, and indeed in connectivity, what we are 
seeing is that we are migrating towards things like chiplets, things like 
memory integration, and all of that, and one more being package design. 
And the use of these advanced skills is now not just confined to small 

 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Q1 FY27 Concall Transcript 
segments of the overall semiconductor design activity or the design 
cycle, but in fact, they play a very important role in defining the overall 
quality and the competitiveness of any semiconductor product. So, to 
answer your question, we are seeing projects across that spectrum 
where customers need our expertise in being able to give them that 
cutting edge as well as implementing core aspects of their infrastructure 
in power and in other places. We are seeing projects in connectivity. We 
are seeing customers asking us to build interfaces to add more 
competitiveness to their automotive roadmaps and so on. So, it is really 
across the board for us. 
Sanjay Elangovan: 
Okay. And when can we start seeing revenue from these technologies, 
niche technologies? 
Anup Savla: 
So, our revenue mix currently does reflect implementation and execution 
of such things already. Cannot be specific on the projects, but we are 
seeing that today. And as we move towards projects with greater 
sophistication, especially powered by AI enabled design, we will see 
more of that. 
Sanjay Elangovan: 
Got it. And second question to Hareesh sir. I think we were working on 
instrument cluster for two wheelers. Have you won any commercial 
orders or are we close to winning anything because the recent auto wins 
I am only seeing software related auto wins be it human machine 
interface for the instrument cluster or TCV units, but when can we expect 
something in the Borqs side of things from the automotive segment. 
Hareesh Ramanna: 
The first point is when we showed the instrument cluster like, I think I was 
here, it was the reference design which was done for Qualcomm, right? 
So, we were the reference device provider and then the IP which we 
created, Qualcomm took it and gave it to all the module suppliers. So, 
module suppliers like Quectel of the world took our reference design and 
they built the modules around it, right? So still the two-wheeler market 
still are buying those modules from the China market. Now suddenly 
because of the China Plus One strategy, people are looking for us to 
develop the complete module. We have the module ready, but then 
because of the cost, which the Quectel of the world gives, they are very 
cost sensitive, and they are taking it from China. So, we will have to see if 
there is any movement which will prevent them from importing these 
Chinese modules, then it will come. But we are seeing a different shift 
altogether. It need not be in the clusters. It could be in the NAD and other 
modules where people are expecting us to deliver modules to them. So 
we will have to see where this journey of ours on automotive will take us. 

 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Q1 FY27 Concall Transcript 
Sanjay K Elangovan: 
Thank you, sir. That is it from my side. All the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I now hand the floor back to the management for closing 
comments. 
Rajiv Mody: 
Thank you all for joining the session today and sharing your perspectives. 
If you have any further questions, you can write to us at 
investor@sasken.com. Rest assured that we will respond and be in touch 
with you and answer any questions that you could have. Once again, 
appreciate you joining us and thank you so much. We look forward to next 
quarter's earnings call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of the leadership 
team, I would like to thank you for your time and for your continued 
interest in Sasken Technologies Limited. Should you have any follow-up 
queries that were not addressed, feel free to reach out to the investor 
relations team. Thank you and have a good day. Goodbye. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity, 
readability, etc. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level 
of accuracy. 
