 
 
July 27, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
 
 
 
 
              Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
 
 
 
              Dalal Street, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
 
 
 
Mumbai- 400001 
(SYMBOL: THYROCARE)  
 
 
             (SCRIP CODE: 539871) 
 
Sub: Transcript of post results earning conference call held on July 23, 2026, with 
Analyst/Investors.  
 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 and other applicable regulations of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, please 
find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call with Analysts and 
Investors held on July 23, 2026. 
 
The same has also been made available on the website of the Company 
https://investor.thyrocare.com/.  
 
We request you to please take the same on record. 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Thyrocare Technologies Limited,      
 
 
Brijesh Kumar 
 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl. A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brijesh 
Kumar
Digitally signed by 
Brijesh Kumar 
Date: 2026.07.27 
12:47:45 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL GUHA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – THYROCARE 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJDEEP PANWAR – CHIEF COMMERCIAL 
OFFICER – THYROCARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
DR. RAMESH KINHA – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – 
THYROCARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. VIKRAM GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
THYROCARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. PREET JOSHI – STRATEGY AND INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – THYROCARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Thyrocare Q1 FY27 Earning Conference 
Call hosted by Thyrocare Technologies Limited. 
 
As a reminder, all participant line will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Preet Joshi from Thyrocare. Thank you, and over to you, 
Preet. 
Preet Joshi: 
Thank you, Ganesh. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm Preet Joshi 
from the strategy team at Thyrocare. It is a pleasure to welcome you all to our Q1 FY27 earnings 
call. Joining me on the call today are Mr. Rahul Guha, our MD and CEO; Mr. Rajdeep Panwar, 
our Chief Commercial Officer; Dr. Ramesh Kinha, our Chief Operating Officer; and Mr. Vikram 
Gupta, our Chief Financial Officer. 
 
I hope you have gone through the results release in the quarterly earnings presentation and the 
press release, which has now been uploaded on the Stock Exchange website. The transcript of 
this call will be available in a week's time on the company's website. Please note that today's 
discussion may be forward looking in nature and must be viewed in relation to the risks 
pertaining to our business. After the end of this call, in case you have any further questions, 
please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. 
 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Rahul Guha, who will make the opening remarks. Over to you, 
Rahul. 
Rahul Guha: 
Thank you, Preet. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As in all my 
calls, I will begin with the quote from Nelson Mandela in recognition of our foray into Africa. 
It is in your hand to make a better world for all who live in it. We believe Thyrocare has the 
opportunity to take a proven business model to Africa and make affordable, high-quality 
diagnostics accessible to many more patients. 
 
Before I get into the quarterly highlights, I would like to briefly step back and share how we 
continue to give the diagnostics industry and our own journey. Diagnostics today is no longer 
just a back-end support function, it has become central to clinical decision-making and 
increasingly to preventive health care -- a INR600 lipid profile can prevent a heart attack, which 
would cause INR1 lakh to treat. Patients today expect convenience, speed and reliability as a 
baseline. 
 
While health care providers seek trusted partners capable of delivering consistent quality at 
scale. This evolution aligns closely with Thyrocare's mission of making preventive health care, 
affordable, accessible and dependable for everyone. As health care continues to evolve, we 
believe technology will play an increasingly important role in diagnostics. 
 
At Thyrocare, we continue to strengthen our digital capabilities across the diagnostic value chain 
from patient bookings, logistics, laboratory operations and reported. These investments are 
improving operational efficiency today while creating a strong foundation for future AI-led 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
capabilities in preventive health care. I'm pleased to share that the quarter brought some 
meaningful external recognition of this work. 
 
We received the India's most trusted customer-focused diagnostic brand 2026 award at the pride 
of Healthcare Excellence Award and Summit 2026 in Hyderabad. We were also recognized as 
the Financial Express Healthcare Awards 2026, where we won diagnostic chain of the Year and 
Pathology Lab Chain of the Year. These reflections reflect the dedication of our teams and the 
trust our customers and partners continue to place in us. 
 
It has been 5 years since API Holdings has taken over Thyrocare from Dr. A. Velumani in July 
2021. I wanted to take a moment to share with you the journey over the last 5 years, of which I 
have had the privilege of working with this amazing team. Between FY18 and FY20, our 
pathology business revenue, excluding COVID, was growing at a CAGR of less than 10% and 
volume growth, too, was in the same range. 
 
And of course, during FY21, our pathology business, excluding COVID, hit an all-time low of 
304, a degrowth of 20% versus the previous year. During the same period, our franchisee base 
has declined from 4,500 to 2,700 active franchisees during this period. It has been a tremendous 
effort to build up the business from that base. And I'm proud to say that after a strong growth of 
20% in FY26, in Q1 FY27, our pathology business has grown even faster at 26%. 
 
This is the culmination of all our efforts and all investments in improving our service levels and 
quality. I'm proud to say today our active franchise network has grown to over 11,700, a fourfold 
increase versus when we took over. Our laboratory network has expanded from 17 labs in FY21 
to 44 labs today. If you drop a pin anywhere in India, you will find a Thyrocare pathology lab 
within 150 kilometers and samples don't travel to Mumbai anymore, except for specialized tests. 
 
Our test menu has increased nearly fivefold to more than 1,375 tests. Alongside this expansion, 
we have strengthened our quality infrastructure with over 100-plus MD Pathologists. All our 
own laboratories being NABL affiliated, well above any competition. And it is important to see 
the 100% in light of the fact that only 2% of NABL Labs in India, 2% of labs in India are NABL 
credit. 
 
We continue investments in technology and automation to support the next phase of growth. Our 
home collection network stands at 2,000 phlebotomists, probably the largest phlebotomy 
network in India with exceptional service levels with an all-time level arrival standing at 99%. 
 
We are now extending the Thyrocare strategy into specialty diagnostics. The next phase of 
Thyrocare's growth journey from routine to remarkable, the next frontier of diagnostics. 
Specialty Diagnostics remains underpenetrated with limited accessibility, premium pricing and 
fragmented delivery. 
 
These are the same structural inefficiencies that Thyrocare successfully addressed in preventive 
diagnostics. Our differentiated operating model built on scale, automation, quality and 
affordability gives us a strong right to win in this market. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
This is not just a portfolio expansion, it is the deployment of a proven execution engine into a 
significantly large and fast-growing segment. We have commenced this journey with allergy and 
genomics, while our test portfolio will continue to expand. Our focus is on building clinical trust 
through scientific rigor, consistent quality and industry-leading turnaround times. 
 
We are confident that the same disciplined investments and execution, the established Thyrocare 
leadership in preventative diagnostics will create a durable competitive advantage in specialty 
diagnostics. Our ambition is to build India's most trusted, accessible and scalable facility 
diagnostics platforms, expanding our addressable market and creating the next long-term growth 
engine for the company. 
 
With that, I will now hand over the call to Rajdeep to take you through our business and 
commercial performance. 
Rajdeep Panwar: 
Thank you, Rahul, and good evening to everyone joining us today. I'll take a few minutes to 
walk you through our business performed during the year and the key drivers behind this 
performance. At an overall level, we delivered strong growth this year. We've consolidated 
revenue delivering 24% Y-o-Y growth in Q1 FY27, primarily driven by our core pathology 
business. 
 
For the year, our flagship brand Aarogyam continues to lead the preventive health care segment, 
growing at 21% year-on-year this quarter, complemented by Jaanch, which caters to curative 
and chronic health needs, though just 2% of overall pathology revenue, it has also grown 36% 
year-on-year this quarter and is becoming a strong pillar of our lifestyle offerings. 
 
Let me now break this down across our key business segments. In Q1 FY27, franchisee business 
delivered 27% Y-o-Y growth. It has now been almost 3 years since we implemented the pay-
for-performance structure, which has led to renewed energy within our franchisee network to 
move up volumes and enter higher flash. Our franchisee base has reached its highest level ever 
at 11,700 active franchisees in Q1 FY27. 
 
Equally important, we continue to invest in strengthening our relationship with channel partners. 
During the quarter, we conducted 6 structured partner needs across India and Malaysia, 
providing a platform for open dialogue, feedback and knowledge sharing. These engagements 
continue to play an important role in enhancing service levels, shaping future business initiatives 
and strengthening partner relationships. 
 
As Rahul highlighted earlier, this quarter also marked the commercial go-live of our Specialty 
Diagnostics business, an important milestone in our long-term growth strategy. We believe 
specialty diagnostics has the potential to become a meaningful growth engine for Thyrocare by 
complementing our preventative diagnostics business and strengthening our omnichannel 
credentials, enabling us to become a more comprehensive diagnostics partner while increasing 
wallet share within our existing network. 
 
To support this, we have established a dedicated specialty commercial team, which works 
closely with Physicians, hospitals and health care institutions to scientific discussions, one-to-
one engagements and lab visits enabling clinicians to experience our quality system and 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
operational capabilities, cost trend while building our business and confidence in our specialty 
office. 
 
At the same time, we continue to strengthen our medical leadership and invest in capability 
building across our commercial and operations team. Our objective is not simply to introduce 
new tests but to drive sustained clinical adoption by combining affordability, scientific 
engagement and our nationwide network. We believe we can make advanced diagnostics 
accessible to much larger potential populations while building a scalable long-term specialty 
diagnostics business. 
 
Moving to our partnership business. This continues to be a strong growth engine for us. In Q1 
FY27, partnership business grew at 26% Y-o-Y. This growth has been led by strong momentum 
in insurance and health tech segments, along with continued scaling of existing accounts, our 
API-based integration are also enabling partners to expand diagnostics offerings across multiple 
cities seamlessly, which is strengthening our positioning as a preferred B2B partner. 
 
Thus, overall focus has been on building depth across channels, improving partner productivity 
and expanding the value we deliver through a wider test portfolio and strong service capabilities. 
With that, I will hand it over to Dr. Kinha to walk you through operations and lab initiatives. 
Ramesh Kinha: 
Thank you, Rajdeep. Good evening, and a warm welcome to everyone joining us today. I'll focus 
on 3 areas today, our lab network expansion our operational capability and research and how we 
are improving patient experience. 
 
Let me start with our first area of lab network. Our lab network now stands at 43 labs in India 
and 1 in Tanzania. This quarter, we expanded our geographic footprint further across India and 
opened 3 new labs, each at Muzaffarpur in Bihar, Kurnool in Andhra Pradesh, and Prayagraj in 
Uttar Pradesh. 
 
Now let us move to the second area. Our operational capabilities and research. We further 
strengthened our specialty diagnostics portfolio with the addition of our Phadia-based allergy 
testing platform and over 20 specialized tests, including Histopathology, HPLC specialized 
coagulation test, next-generation sequencing, PCR like BioFire, or Exome Sequencing, Gut 
Microbiome, etcetera. 
 
These launches especially new genomic tests built on the foundation we delayed on non-invasive 
related testing that is NIPT. As we continue to expand our genomics portfolio in a paced manner, 
while genomics remain at an early stage in India, it represents a significant long-term opportunity 
with the global market projected to exceed USD100 billion by 2030. 
 
Our approach remains measured introducing clinically relevant offerings strengthening 
physician education and scientific engagement and then scaling adoption over time. We also 
continue to translate real-world diagnosis data into actionable clinical insights through our fever 
study and Bharat Aarogyam Score. 
 
For instance, the analysis shows that the right in non-communicable disease risk starts earlier 
than commonly perceived particularly for heart health and diabetes, both commissions show a 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
sharp uptick in the 21- year to 40-year age group, with heart risk doubling by the 30s and diabetic 
risk more than doubling by 40s. 
 
Together, these patients -- we started to indicate that health is built gradually over time, 
highlighting the importance of early and regular preventive assessment. Now coming to the third 
focus area of patient experience, which is something I care about. Diagnostics is fundamentally 
trust-business. Every improvement we made this year was driven by simple question. 
 
Does this make the patient and doctor feel more confident in us? To maintain credibility, we 
continually reinforce the 4 foundational pillars that underpin trust in medical diagnostics First, 
accurate and quality. This continues to be non-negotiable for us supported by an ability labs and 
ongoing equipment upgrades, where our 97% samples are processed at any enable-acquired labs. 
 
Second, faster resolution. When things go wrong, we send our complaint management channels, 
reducing resolution timelines and improved proactive communication with patients and continue 
to achieve Six Sigma levels in complaint management with the said metric standing at 3.1 
complaints per million test for quarter 1 FY27. 
 
Third, faster reports. We work extensively on improving loss and lab processes bringing the 
turnaround time to 3.37 hours in the quarter. And fourth, strengthening trust with doctors who 
are often the first point of contact for patients. We host clinician needs at our own laboratories, 
giving physicians at first and view of our quality systems, advanced equipment and operational 
processes. 
 
We conducted 23 doctor meets during the quarter with participation from approximately 100 
doctors helping strengthen awareness and confidence in Thyrocare's capability while forcing 
deeper clinical engagement. Thus, overall, our focus has been on building an operations 
backbone that can support scale without compromising on quality or experience. 
 
With that, I now hand it over to Vikram for the financial performance. 
Vikram Gupta: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before we get into the quarterly results, 
I would like to build on what Rahul highlighted on the operational and financial transformation 
in the last 5 years since acquisition of Thyrocare. All of our strategic qualities, expanding needs, 
strengthening reliability and enhancing COVID have been executed consistently, and the results 
of that are affected in our performance. 
 
This snapshot of our long-term EBITDA, we are growing 20% consecutively over the last 8 
quarters and surpassing the industry growth. Key KPIs across the business have consistently 
strengthened like franchisee network base, partnership and business, volume growth, lab 
infrastructure and our test menu expansion. 
 
We are moving from voting diagnostic to specialized areas such as genomics and average testing. 
On profitability, excluding COVID years, the EBITDA have expanded from 23% in the FY23 
to 32%. Return on capital employed has also improved from 15% in FY23 to 34% in FY26. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
 
Importantly, we have achieved all this while continuing to invest in our business INR250 crores 
plus of capex investments and required opex investment to execute all the initiatives which we 
want to and so to ensure, strengthen reach, reliability, and Poverty. 
 
Now coming to the quarterly results, I'm very pleased to report a very strong start to FY27. 
Building on the growth momentum of last year, we delivered standalone revenue growth of 
26.1% and consolidated growth of 24.3% in the first quarter. Our Pathology business continued 
to perform well across our segments with both the franchisee and Parley business delivering 
growth of over 25%. 
 
Of our international Tanzania business also recorded strong conditions, reporting a two-fold 
increase revenue over the corresponding quarter last year. In radiology, we achieved significant 
sequential revenue growth of 8% over the previous quarter, indicating our gradual recovery in 
the business momentum. 
 
On a year-on-year basis, core revenue declined by 4%, primarily due to the consolidation of 
centers. However, the business has delivered improved profitability, which is effective in the 
quarterly results. Starting Q1 FY27, we have started presenting a total view of our Radiology 
business, which includes the performance of Nuclear Healthcare Limited and Pulse Hitech 
Limited. 
Now, we feel that we should give a complete view of the Radiology segments. This view will 
provide a more complete representation of our Radiology operations. I would like to clarify that 
Pulse Hitech was already being getting consolidated in our financial statements. Therefore, this 
has no impact on the consolidated financial results. 
Now, let me take you through the key financial highlights for the current quarter. Starting with 
revenue, our stand-alone revenue came in at INR225.6 crores, which is up 26.1% year-on-year, 
driven by strong growth across the franchisee and pharmacy business. On the consolidated 
business, revenue stood at INR240 crores, reflecting a robust 24.3% year-on-year growth. 
Moving to margins and profitability, our gross margins at 74.1%, reflecting an improvement of 
more than 290 basis points over the year. This was largely driven from better negotiations, strong 
28% growth in task volume, and improved operation efficiency. Employee and other overhead 
costs increased year-on-year, primarily due to annual inflation, higher volumes, and investment 
in new growth areas like specialty and field expansion. 
Our EBITDA margin for the quarter was 32.2%, with EBITDA growing 34% year-on-year. 
Profit after tax stood at INR51.3 crores, with a PAT margin of 21.4%. This also represents a 
34% year-on-year growth. Earnings per share for the quarter was at INR3.23, compared to 
INR2.41 crores in the prior period. Again, an increase of 34% over the last quarter. 
Overall, our steady performance reflects disciplined execution and focus on profitable growth. 
We remain committed to delivering consistent financial performance while continuing to invest 
in strategic initiatives that will support our long-term growth agenda. With that, I will now hand 
over to Rahul for the strategic updates. Thank you. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Rahul Guha: 
Thank you, Vikram. Briefly, I would like to take a few minutes to recap to you our strategic 
direction and then I will open it up for Q&A. First, I will reiterate our value proposition to the 
customer. We will continue to remain an affordable option to all patients with good quality and 
on-time reports. All our efforts on our value proposition is towards ensuring low cost to the 
patient assurance on quality of testing through our certifications and engagement with doctors.  
We have made substantial progress on this, which we have updated in the initial comments and 
is reflected in the presentation. This will remain at our core, and we'll continue to guide all that 
we do. 
Second, our strategy. We continue to maintain our strategy of being the B2B partner of choice 
to all front-end diagnostic services companies in India, whether it's a small diagnostic centre in 
a semi-urban area, a pharmacy in a metro, a small nursing home an individual doctor or a leading 
online diagnostic platform or HealthTech Marketplace. 
We are happy to work with them to provide low-cost robust testing solutions so that they can 
serve their patients in the most effective manner. If they require phlebotomy, we are happy to 
mobilize our phlebotomy network of over 2,100 phlebotomists, including our network partners 
to serve them better. This strategy has been working well for us with both our franchise and 
partnerships business posting strong growth. 
As a natural extension of the strategy and in line with our vision to make quality diagnostics 
affordable and accessible. We are expanding our specialty segment by deploying an on-ground 
technical sales team to drive deeper doctor-led engagement, thus also marking our strong entry 
into the curative segment, where we are extending the same quality standards that we have 
already established in preventing diagnostics while maintaining affordable pricing for patients 
further strengthening our position as a comprehensive partner to our network. That is our brief 
is our mandate as management. Thank you so much for giving us a patient hearing. 
I will once again end with the call from the Mahatma. Find purpose, the means will follow, and 
our purpose remains to provide affordable high-quality testing to the masses. With that, we will 
open up for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much sir. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. Our first question comes from the line of Yash with Unifi Capital Private Limited. 
Rahul Guha: 
Go ahead Yash. 
Moderator: 
Yash you may please proceed ahead with the question. As there's no response from Yash, we'll 
move forward with the next participant. Our next question comes from the line of Aditya Chheda 
with InCred Asset Management. Please go ahead. Aditya can you hear us? 
Rahul Guha: 
I hope there's no issue with the line. 
Moderator: 
We can hear -- like there's a problem with the participant. Okay, we'll move forward to the next 
participant. The next question comes from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala with ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Just to start with first on your specialty foray. So in the next three to four years, how significant 
could your genomics and allergy testing portfolio could be I mean, any guidance on that front 
would be very helpful. 
Rahul Guha: 
Sure. See, as I said, we just started on the specialty front. So it's difficult to give specific guidance 
so early in the process. But to just give you an indication, our rough estimate is for most of our 
peer set, specialty forms between 15% to 20% of that portfolio. I think our ambition would be 
to reach the same levels in the three to five year timeline. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
And so to rule this out across your -- the current lab network, what is the kind of investments 
you're planning to incur in the next couple of years? 
Rahul Guha: 
Actually, most of the investments have been already done. See, unlike the routine testing, where 
you need to deploy the capex across all labs. On the specialty front, actually, you can have a 
more centralized model. So most of the investments are going into our Mumbai lab or our Delhi 
lab, which are our central processing labs. So that capex is already done. I mean, now it will be 
mostly expansion capex if the volumes increase far below -- beyond what we thought. But I 
don't anticipate the significant amount of capex going into this business at least next year. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Understood. And sir, your thoughts on the divestment of the Imaging business. Any timeline 
you're working with there? And how should we look at this business? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. See, I just took approval, as you know, just to give all people on the call, the background 
of this, right? The nuclear business has not been growing. And we also have not been investing 
in the nuclear business. We have been fairly conservative looking at the return on capital profile 
of that business versus our pathology business. 
 
So we haven't been investing. So therefore, we felt -- let us see if there is a partner who is ready 
to invest into the nuclear business and grow it and give us better dividends than how it is right 
now. I anticipate the process will take 6 months, right? But we don't have any definitive what 
you call buyer at this point in time. So it's difficult to comment, but I anticipate it will be at least 
6 months approval. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Okay. Understood, sir. And sir, just a couple of questions on your results. So when I look at your 
pathology revenue split versus the volumes or the vial split, while there has been a significant 
increase in the franchisee in terms of the value side, but for the partnership business, the volume 
growth could see is higher than the value growth. So anything to read there? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. See, it's a bit of a -- you shouldn't look at the B2C business or what we call partnership 
business at a vial level, right? If you look at it, our tests per patient, right, is what is increasing, 
right? And so -- and as you know, as we add more tests in a per patient, the vial still remain the 
same, right? So to that extent, you will see some price erosion because we discount the 
incremental tests to encourage patients to do a more comprehensive panel versus the few initial 
tests that they thought about. So that's the effect you see when you look at it at vial level, but at 
the test level, it's more or less in line. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Understood, sir. Sir and last one, if I may. What would be the ESOP charge in the P&L for the 
quarter? 
Rahul Guha: 
I'll ask Vikram to take that question. 
Vikram Gupta: 
Yes. So ESOPs charge -- so it would be around 3.5 crores in the P&L quarter. And now why we 
have stopped reporting is because now what we feel is this has stabilized now. And for any 
estimate, you can take it as the last four quarter average which is with this INR3.5 crores would 
be the P&L size in the quarter. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Got it sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shubham Harne with Purnartha Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Shubham Harne: 
Hi sir. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for a good set of numbers. My first 
question is what is the logic behind making change in definition of tests conducted? 
Rahul Guha: 
Shubham. So I'm not able to hear you properly, changing definition of? 
Shubham Harne: 
Tests conducted. 
Rahul Guha: 
The test numbers. So I'll explain this. See, what used to happen earlier is in the test volumes, 
some of the calculated parameters who are also put into the test numbers, which are normally 
not billed to the patient. It's a small variation, but we felt it would be more prudent to remove 
those because those don't get billed and we have only put the tests that actually require 
processing on the machine and billing. 
The reason we have done that also is, over the last six months, we've introduced a number of 
calculated parameters. And so therefore, that volume will increase. And so to give everyone a 
fair picture, we just decided to remove the calculated parameters and restate the numbers. We 
have given in the disclosure all the quarterly numbers, there's hardly any variation. So -- but we 
just felt it's important to restate it so that everyone gets a clear picture. 
Shubham Harne: 
Got it. And second one was on, in this quarter, we have added 900 franchisees, while our yearly 
target is around 1,500 franchisees. So will we revise this yearly target now? 
Rahul Guha: 
So I will let Raj answer that. Go ahead Rajdeep. 
Rajdeep Panwar: 
Well, I think -- yes. So I think this is -- you can call it out and which we always mentioned when 
we discuss about growth is that the franchisee business the way it grows, what you see in today 
want to give you results in future. So if you look at this number increasing is something which 
has been seeded as a strategy last year if you talk about even last -- second half of last year, when 
we increased the team size when it comes to the full sales team. 
So this growth what you are seeing is actually blend of both the stores which we open. And on 
a higher side, the numbers are usually the branded stores, which we have started opening. So I 
think -- if you look at the numbers, I think the question you asked about the revision of the 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
number, you can consider it. But to be very candid with you, this is also one of the impacts of 
what additional sales team has been built up and geographical increase is what it is showing as 
a contribution in the numbers for this quarter. So this will stay stagnant for the next financial 
year. The 1,500 number which has been taken was kept in mind with the yearly growth what we 
do as a business. 
So to answer your question specifically, the revised number may go as per the way we have 
performed in this quarter. So you can consider 500 to 700 as an average addition every quarter. 
Rahul Guha: 
With the exception of duty where it is normally we have found between Q2 and Q3, it's difficult 
to expand the base. But yes, Rajdeep is right. I think you can take this for the remaining quarter. 
Shubham Harne: 
So new revised number yearly would be around 2,000 franchisee. Is that correct? 
Rahul Guha: 
No, no, 700 plus 500 plus 500, so. 
Shubham Harne: 
Okay got it. And last one on. 
Moderator: 
I am sorry to interrupt, sir, but you may please re-join the queue for more questions. Our next 
question comes from the line of Chintan Sheth with Girik Capital. Please go ahead. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Yes, hi. Am I audible? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Thank you. Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on the great set of numbers. Talk based 
on the franchisee growth this quarter, right? We have been guiding the last quarter that we'll be 
growing at mid to high teens kind of number that our expectation for FY27. And because the 
base for FY24 addition was lower. So that was the figures that you were guiding that we will be 
growing franchisee growth for the current year to be at a mid to high teen number. 
 
But this quarter, we delivered a very strong set of numbers, both on volume, if you look at 
volume grew almost 20%, 22%, then we also saw some pricing growth for the current quarter 
for the franchisee. If you can just highlight what went bad this quarter versus what we were 
expecting? And how should we think through for the remaining part of the year now? 
Rahul Guha: 
Got it. So look, it's too early for me to revise guidance. If you look at Q1 FY26, we did roughly 
180 crores. Q2 '26, we did 200 crores, right? So we are sitting on a very high base of last year, 
so particularly when it comes to Q2. So I think it's too early for me to revise guidance. I will still 
hold to the mid to high teens guidance at this point in time. But what -- on your second question 
on what we thought and what works better than expected, I'll hand over to Rajdeep to talk about 
it. 
Rajdeep Panwar: 
Yes. I think two strategies, and this is the -- if I brief you about the franchise network, which 
was one of the previous question which was asked, as the strategy is working out for us. And in 
particular, with the addition of things like what we have added in recent past is the brand 
ambassador as Madhuri Dixit is helping us out in actually bringing in more and more franchisees 
and also the field team enablement, which we have done in last financial. So, if you are looking 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
at and what Rahul is also mentioning, the numbers which may be looking very fancy like 900 as 
of now, will grow with the same speed earlier, the franchisee business was growing. 
So, in the starting of the business, they may not look so high in the Q2, what is there in the Q1. 
That is why we are saying that an estimate of a mid- to high teens will help you to actually do 
the right forecast for the next quarter. That is the reason for this number, what we are saying. 
Chintan: 
Got it. And you revised as explained in the previous comment that we have revised our cash 
number a little bit lower versus what we have reported in the past. And that has resulted into 
kind of reasoning test the patient number for us. If you use the older data, we have kind of 
sequentially seen a dropping test per patient, but this is what like to like now.  
You have to use the updated patient base. But if one has to look at -- for franchisees has remained 
at around INR500, that is -- given the maturity, do you see number further upping in the 
subsequent quarter or or the full year? 
Rahul Guha: 
On the question -- the first question, I'll ask Vikram to address the question. On the second 
question, I wasn't able to fully follow the question. Would you mind... 
Chintan: 
Yes, sure, sure, sir. So, my question was that the test per patient, because the number of test 
numbers versus what we have historically reported. But if I look at the value per franchisee, 
right, that will be the key metrics that I typically follow. That has kind of around 500 or 510 odd 
number. But given that, you know, FY24, we didn't edit much of the franchisee. 
A lot of it was got edited in FY25 and that maturity level will start hitting in FY27, where one 
can expect this number to start improving further. That was our expectation that while for 
franchisee will start moving upwards of FY25, FY30. 
Rahul Guha: 
Test number is like-for-like and all numbers in the book are like to like. So, you can do the 
calculations on that front. So, on the file per franchisee, see, what you are observing is two 
effects. One is, of course, as we continue to add to the base, while the older franchisees mature, 
the newer base comes in at a lower level. So, your kind of then stay at the same level. 
So, it's a mix of older franchisees maturing but new franchisees entering at a lower base. And 
the other is mention is now going deeper and deeper into India. So, we are now in Tier 3, Tier 4 
markets, where you can't expect the same 500 samples a month in those markets. So, you're 
seeing these 2 effects play out in the sample per franchise. 
Chintan: 
So alternatively, what I was looking at, given that we are adding more number of tests patiently 
into the picture, right, one can expect with a widening of our test menu, this number should start 
to kind of reflect in some improvement. That is better… 
Rahul Guha: 
That is the hope. We continue to be very focused on driving the mix towards higher-value tests 
and that effect, we should start to see. 
Chintan: 
This blended HP for the current quarter, which has seen improvement. We expect this to play 
out in the coming quarter? 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Rahul Guha: 
No, no. See, specialty is a very small space right now. So, if I look at it, we have done almost 
55 million tests or 5.5 crores test, right? The specialty will be not even 1% of that. So, I think it 
will be some time before it reaches a scale where you will start to see the effect in the revenue 
per test. 
Chintan: 
No, I was looking at franchisee where… 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt you, but you may please rejoin thank you for the questions. Our next 
question comes from the line of Sanyam Jain with Valowth Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sanyam Jain: 
So, my question is a bit comprehensive one. I want to ask that as a Group. As we move that 
100% promoter holding is pledged and the dividend payout and also recently, eBay also sold 
10% stake in Thyrocare to repay the debt, so is there any plans of -- we also knew that there 
would be IPO of API Holding, or they would be reverse merger with Thyrocare? 
Like what is the group plan to actually unpledge and revive the company, the parent company? 
Like what would be the effect on Thyrocare on that? I want to understand the strategy and focus 
about that. 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. You see -- right now, I -- firstly, the news that that floated that API is going for IPO is 
unfounded. That is mostly speculation. At this point in time, there are no plans on that. As the 
second, Sanyam, we have been at API Group reducing the debt quite substantially. We were at 
INR1,700 crores debt last year. We are now INR1,800 crores debt last year. We are now down 
to INR1,050 crores. 
And as you -- if you have been following, we have been, what you call, selling nonstrategic 
assets, seeing what all options are there to monetize to bring down the right? I think API will 
consider an IPO when it is profitable ex-Thyrocare, as well as debt free. That is the time when 
any corporate action will be considered. 
I think we are at least 12 months away from both those milestones. So, I think right now, the 
API team is just focused on improving the business, getting all businesses to breakeven and 
become profitable ex-Thyrocare. And that is the focus. And once that is achieved is when all 
discussions on IPO and other actions will be under consideration. 
Sanyam Jain: 
And could give any guidance about dividend of Thyrocare for this coming year? 
Rahul Guha: 
No, we never give dividend guidance. So, I think we will take it as it comes. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Yogesh with Haitong Securities. Please go ahead. 
Yogesh: 
My first question is on the Specialty front. Given that our legacy business model has been of 
preventive care, now that we are moving into the Specialty segment, which is primarily a 
prescription-driven business. So, what kind of efforts are we making to get the prescriptions 
from the doctors to get the doctor coverage? And what kind of target have you set for ourself to 
have a coverage of certain amount of super specialists and specialist doctors. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. I think I will let Rajdeep take this question, and Rajdeep from that background and really 
setting up the entire infrastructure and team and all of that for that as well, and he's best placed 
to answer these questions. 
Rajdeep Panwar: 
Yes, thank you, Yogesh. So, I think predominantly, pathology as an industry has been 
conventionally driven by our doctors. And it's -- I always call out it is 90% prescription business 
when it comes to PAT as a business. Definitely, preventive is growing much faster, way faster 
than the kind of prescription business, but the fact remains fact. 
So, I think it's not something which we have to reinvent, the way it exists in the industry by 
building up a specialized team who is scientifically enabled them getting into the field, cost is 
doing the same kind of, I would say, calls or working, they were doing earlier for bringing the 
franchisees. 
Now they are bringing the doctors on board, talking to the doctors, giving them scientific 
understanding about the products which we have, for which we have enabled a proper structure 
of the team. The other thing -- the other way around of doing the same thing is again, 
communicating to our existing network of franchisees, which we are quite capable of doing just 
uploading communications on our software with which they do test bookings. 
So, there are multiple such kind of initiatives, which are not very difficult for us as an 
organization at this scale. And definitely, in the end, we've been for a longer time in the industry 
and in the end, the report finally goes in the hands of doctors. Now it's not very difficult for us 
to go back to them and say, but now we are also doing these tests, even for us or for the partners 
to go and do this. 
So, we are driving it from the both ends, the conventional way of going back to the doctors and 
also pushing it via our franchisee network. I hope I answered your question. 
Yogesh: 
Yes, sir, just to understand, I mean what -- any target that we have set for ourselves with regards 
to doctor coverage? 
Rajdeep Panwar: 
I think it will be very early, and this particularly, this segment is at a very nascent stage. We 
have just started a few cities out of the overall country. However, we have activated rest of the 
network for it. But we have not actually set up a target. You can call out, and I always 
communicate in the previous call also I mentioned, it is a zero year for specialty. So, considering 
any numbers basis of what we are doing as of now will be very difficult for me to give you. 
Yogesh: 
Okay, sir. Understood. So, my second question ... 
Moderator: 
Sir, you have asked already 3 questions. Our next question comes from the line of Yash Singhee 
with Unifi Capital Private Limited. 
Yash Singhee: 
Yes, Sir, just wanted to ask, last quarter, we had an update regarding change in our MO regarding 
or intention to enter consumable space. So, I just wanted to have an update on that, what we 
have decided, whether it will be kind of backward integration or Thyrocare branded consumable. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. It will be in the direction of Thyrocare branded consumables, not backward integration. 
But this is a matter of internal strategy. So, I would request please be patient. By September, you 
will see an announcement from us, and I'm sure you will be pleasantly pleased with what we are 
doing. But my request would be please be patient. 
Yash Singhee: 
Understood. And just one thing regarding the franchisee addition, which we spoke about, so it 
is basically 1700 additions during the current year, right? 500 plus 500 plus 500. 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. 
Yash Singhee: 
And going forward, it's 1,500 the guidance or it's -- we are upgrading in to 1,700, like for 2, 3 
years, medium term. 
Rahul Guha: 
I think as I said, it's just the first quarter. So, it's difficult to start getting into updated guidance 
and all of that. Let's see through the second quarter. After H1, I think I will have more specific 
guidance of where we think the year will go. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Aditya Chheda with InCred Asset Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya Chheda: 
Yes. Congratulations to the management on a strong quarter. And in particular, the Board's 
intend to divest the radiology business. The segment has been dilutive to the consolidated return 
ratios. And stepping away from it does affect a clear focus on ROC. So, if you can quantify, if 
I'm correct, the PAT is roughly INR5 crores and the investment that stands today was roughly 
INR150 crores, if that is the correct understanding. So far on that. 
Rahul Guha: 
I didn't hear your first thing. The investment is, I think, INR140 crores. So, what was the first 
point? 
Aditya Chheda: 
On the PAT that comes along with this business, this segment has been dilutive to consolidated 
return ratios. And stepping away from it does reflect the clear because of ROC. That was the 
comment that I wanted to make. 
Rahul Guha: 
See, first quarter, we did about INR1.72 crores PAT. I think INR6 crores PAT is what we can 
expect for the year, not more. 
Aditya Chheda: 
Right, right. And on the franchisee addition, where are the white spaces, are we adding more 
density in existing markets or it will be a pin code expansion as the strategy stands today? 
Rahul Guha: 
I'll just Rajdeep to take that. 
Rajdeep Panwar: 
It will be more. It will be a blend of also going into the market, which are white spaces and also 
penetrating more deep into the existing ones. So strategically, it will be both. We'll keep on 
working the way. We are also adding on teams in the new territories and also adding in the 
existing ones. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Surya Narayan Patra with PhillipCapital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
We'll keep on working the way. We are also adding on teams in the new territories and also 
adding in the existing notes. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Surya Narayan with PhillipCapital. We are not able to 
hear you again. As there's no response, we'll move forward to the next participant. Our next 
question comes from the line of Chintan Sheth with Girik Capital. 
Chintan Sheth: 
I was asking on the franchisee realization for the quarter. We have seen a 7% growth this quarter. 
Past quarter, it has been flat. So just wondering, is there any effect of specialty getting built into 
this number, given the contribution you've seen very low, but is there any -- how should one 
read through it and the realization on the franchisee revenue provide. 
Rahul Guha: 
Your -- just to understand the question more clearly, you were saying the revenue per franchisee 
or the vial per franchisees. 
Chintan Sheth: 
I am asking revenue per vial for the franchise business. Yes, on the franchisee side. 
Rahul Guha: 
Okay. You're asking why has it gone up in this quarter, right? Yes. It's not because of the 
genomics and allergy side. But of course, if you look -- if you go back 4 years ago, thyroid used 
to be 20% of our mix. Today, it's low single digits. Thyroid, of course, being the most affordable 
B2B rate that we have in our overall network, there has been substantial movement towards, 
what I would say is semi specialized, not specialized. 
So instead of thyroid, more lipid profiles, more biochemistry parameters more markers, dual 
marker, triple marker, quadruple marker, PCR-based testing in HIV, HPV, all of these areas. So 
I would say a lot of the more advanced test is what is -- what you are seeing in the realization 
figure in this year. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Got it. Got it. Because that number has been stagnant around 240. This quarter it marked cross 
250. So that was the question. I think that's all from me. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Lokesh Manik with Vallum Capital. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Hi good evening Rahula and team. Am I audible? Yes, great. So at the start, I would mention 
that Aarogyam has grown 21% Y-o-Y. Our pathology revenue has grown 27%, 28%. So what 
has led the revenue other than Aarogyam. Would it be semi specialty or more of routine would 
you say, from a product perspective or category perspective? 
Rahul Guha: 
So I'll take that question. Yes, you're right. Aarogyam versus non-Aarogyam. Aarogyam has 
grown slower than non-Aarogyam. And that is actually linked to the question that I just -- which 
was Aarogyam as a realization because there are so many tests and all of that typically tends to 
be dilutive to the revenue per while that we get from franchisees. 
Over the last couple of quarters, our focus has been to encourage our franchisee network to also 
send stand-alone tests, semi specialized tests and newer tests, which are all not part of the 
Aarogyam bouquet. The second part is Typically, quarter 1 is not a good quarter for Aarogyam, 
right? A lot of the preventive testing happens in quarter 4.  

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
And that's because of many people have their corporate benefits and all of that expiring in March 
at the end of the financial year. But that being said, we want to drive the single test and more 
semi specialized tests, and that's seeing in the progress and also the effect of that you have seen 
in the realization. 
Lokesh Manik: 
So we've seen growth in routine tests also? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes, yes. It's across the board. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Yogesh with Haitong Securities. 
Yogesh: 
Hi thank you once again for the opportunity sir. With regards to the specialty segment, one thing 
which I would like to understand, given that your thesis is of segment being underpenetrated 
premium pricing and limited access. Our aim or rationale of entering the segment is whether to 
gain the volume similar to our playbook that we did in pathology preventive care or whether it 
is to gain -- have an access into high-margin specialty segment? 
Rahul Guha: 
No. So look, our mission is to make diagnostic testing affordable. And that is our guiding 
principle. So we will definitely get into this segment with the aim to make it affordable. So we 
-- just to give you an example, in NIPT, which is Non-Invasive Prenatal Testing. We came in at 
a price that is actually less than half of the existing prices of players in that market. So we want 
to make it affordable and capture the volumes. It is not about getting into the same pricing as 
what exists, because we really want to make it affordable. That being said, if the volumes come 
through, the margins are comparable. 
Yogesh: 
Understood. I appreciate your answer. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Yash with Unifi Capital Private. 
Yash: 
Yes. And I just wanted to know about the field additions which you have made on the franchisee 
segment regarding. I think our CEO just spoke about additions during the past quarter, which 
led to an increase of 900 franchisees during the current quarter. So I just wanted to have a brief 
about that? 
Rahul Guha: 
So just to recap your question, you are asking the strength of the field team that is focused on 
franchisee addition... 
Yash: 
Field team, and what is the change basically he said that in last quarter, we added -- we have 
increased our field force. So I just wanted to know the delta, what we have increased -- or what 
it was actually and what we have increased? 
Rajdeep Panwar: 
Yes. I think this -- conceptually, this thing of adding more and more franchisee on ground has 
been there, but we have started pushing it more. So the team size if you asked about is around 
70 in India. The people who walk around, meet with franchisees, meet with the existing lab guys 
and convert it into. So this is the team size. Any other question you have? I just missed the 
second question you asked. Is this what you're asking? 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Yash: 
I was asking basically -- like basically, you said that last quarter, we added extra field force. So 
I wanted to know the delta. 
Rahul Guha: 
So last year, this number would have been 35, 40. So I think over the course of the year, we have 
doubled the field team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mohammed Patel with Edelweiss Public 
Alternatives. 
Mohammed Patel: 
So if the specialty share goes to 15%, 20% in the medium term, does it impact the overall 
EBITDA margin? 
Rahul Guha: 
No. It will actually be more or less in line with our current EBITDA margin. So I don't see them 
being dilutive unless we fail completely on the strategy and we don't get volume. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Okay. Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Surya Narayan Patra with PhillipCapital. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Thanks for this opportunity. Am I audible, sir? Okay. See, congratulations for the great set of 
numbers. One thing that I just observed  that there is a 24% kind of growth that we have reported 
on the company -- so the company as a whole. And the franchisee growth, you've said 23%. So 
going ahead, should not be seeing that we should surpass the growth of the franchise, the addition 
growth itself. 
Rahul Guha: 
I was not able to fully follow the question. Our franchise business grew at 27%. At a consolidated 
level, we grew at 24% and pathology grew at 26%. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Correct. Possibly, I was linking a franchisee growth addition, which is the franchisee number 
count Y-o-Y, it is 23%, and the revenue growth for the company as a whole is 24%. So that is 
why I saying that. It is just moving in line with the volume growth, what we -- our franchisee is 
witnessing. So do we think relatively better growth for the company as a whole, while we have 
been giving a guidance that we should be somewhere like a near 20% kind of a growth for the 
business overall. 
Rahul Guha: 
See, it's a very complicated answer. You can't just look at franchisee growth and say franchisees 
have grown at 20%. So the company should grow at 20% because there are existing franchisees 
who mature and there are new franchisees that come in on a very low base. 
 
So actually, if you look at it, if you add 20% franchisees, in the year that they get added, they 
hardly have 5% of the overall to the revenue and then they mature to 20% only by the third year. 
So you have to see all these effects, you'll be able to do that. And that is why I have been 
conservative in the guidance. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Okay. My point on that is, say, like in the last 4, 5 years since the time of the management 
change, the growth in the franchise addition CAGR itself more than revenue growth been sub-
20% or at near to 20% level. So, I think once the franchisees will mature, the overall growth 
possibly will surpass the additional growth itself. And that will bring in incremental operating 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
leverage and hence, margin improvement. So, whether my thought process is off the tracks 
really. 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. That thought process is fine provided: One, all franchisees stay with us, and we don't see 
any franchisee churn, right? And yes -- so then yes, that thesis is correct. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, but you may please rejoin the queue. Next question comes from the line 
of Naman Bagrecha with IIFL Capital Services Limited. 
Naman Bagrecha: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Just one quick clarification. I am still confused on the franchisee 
additions for the full year FY '27. Is my understanding correct that we are going to add 1,700 
franchisees from Q2 FY '27 to Q4 FY '27. 
Rahul Guha: 
No. 700 in Q1, 500 in Q2, 0 in Q3, 500 in Q4. 
Naman Bagrecha: 
So already added 900 in Q1. 
Rahul Guha: 
So there will be some churn in the -- by the time we reach the end of the year. So if it doesn't 
happen, great, then I will have done better than the guidance. But at this point, you should take 
that not all 900 may stay with us by the end of the year. 
Naman Bagrecha: 
Okay. So that will be a net number. Got it, got it. Thank you very much 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Rahul Guha for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rahul Guha: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us and spending the time with us this evening. As always, we 
continue to remain focused on our strategy, which is to be the most affordable good quality 
diagnostic testing partner for anyone in the health care business, and we continue to execute on 
that strategy. 
 
We have been investing in improving our quality, improving our reach and ensuring turnaround 
time is as close to best-in-class, and we made substantial progress on all of this, and that is what 
is driving the results that you see. I thank you all for your support in this journey. And I wish 
you all a good evening. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Thyrocare Technologies Limited, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
