 
 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.                 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051 
Symbol: JLHL 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai 400 001 
Code: 543980 
 
Subject: Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call – Transcript 
 
Reference: Intimation of Earnings Conference Call dated July 27, 2026 and Audio Link of 
Analyst/ Investor Conference Call dated August 3, 2026. 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Q1 FY27 Results Conference Call held on Monday, 
August 3, 2026 at 10.00 AM (IST) for the quarter ended on June 30, 2026. 
 
The same will be available on the website of the Company at www.jupiterhospital.com. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the afore-mentioned on record and oblige. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
For JUPITER LIFE LINE HOSPITALS LIMITED 
 
 
 
Suma Upparatti  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
SUMA 
VINAYAK 
UPPARATTI
Digitally signed by 
SUMA VINAYAK 
UPPARATTI 
Date: 2026.08.07 
12:56:09 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
“Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 03, 2026 
 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchanges and the Company website on 3rd August 2026 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. ANKIT THAKKER –MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 
MR. ANAND APTE – CHIEF OF BUSINESS AND 
STRATEGY  
 
MR. ADITYA GUPTA – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT 
CORPORATE AFFAIRS  
 
MR. NITIN PATODI – HEAD OF FINANCE  
 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS  
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited Q1 
FY '27 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need any assistance during this conference, please signal for an operator by pressing 
star and then zero on your touchtone telephone. I now hand the conference over to Dr. Ankit 
Thakker, Managing Director and CEO. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ankit Thakker: 
Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us this Monday morning for our earnings call 
for Q1 FY '27. I hope you all had a chance to view our financial results and investor presentation, 
which were posted on the company's website and the stock exchanges. I'm joined today by Mr. 
Anand Apte, our Chief of Business and Strategy; Mr. Aditya Gupta, our Senior VP of Corporate 
Affairs; Mr. Nitin Patodi, our Head of Finance; and SGA our Investor Relations Advisors. 
 
The key update from this quarter is that Dombivli Hospital has completed its first full quarter of 
operations. The reception from both the patient and the medical community has been warm and 
encouraging. This quarter has contributed to a INR9.5 crores drag on the EBITDA, pretty much 
in line with anticipation. The other 3 operating hospitals and the 3 upcoming projects are all on 
track and progressing on similar lines as discussed earlier. 
 
So let me directly give you the financial update and then open up the floor for questions. Total 
income for the quarter stood at INR411 crores in Q1 of FY '27. The EBITDA stood at INR79.3 
crores and with a margin of 19.3%. The PAT was INR37.5 crores. The ARPOB for the quarter 
is INR73,500 and the ALOS is 3.76 days. The average occupancy rate stood at 59.6% this 
quarter, considering the dilution on account of the expanded base of Dombivli beds. With this, 
I open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. The first question from the lines of Dhvani Shah: from DSP. Please 
go ahead.  
Dhvani Shah: 
I had a couple of questions. Firstly, on the Indore unit, how I'm looking at it is the standalone 
numbers and the consol numbers, the differential. Just wanted to understand, while the revenue 
growth of 10%, we understand on a higher base last year, the EBITDA margins have come in at 
a lower 12%. How are we thinking about this? And is there anything specific you want to call 
out for this quarter? Yes. 
Ankit Thakker: 
Hi, Dhvani, so Indore, as I said, we are getting ready for the next phase of expansion. We have 
had some new team buildup, new doctor hires, etcetera. So the higher cost this quarter is on 
account of anticipated growth in the rest of the year and higher HR-related costs. 
Dhvani Shah: 
Would you be able to quantify this number? 
Ankit Thakker: 
I don't have the exact quantified number, but a couple of crores of new hires from Indore. 
Dhvani Shah: 
Okay. And just on a like-for-like basis, excluding the INR5 crores revenue on last year in 
Dombivli and INR9.5 crores loss that we took on, can we expect a 13% to 14% growth in the 
existing units EBITDA this year as well? 

 
 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
Ankit Thakker: 
So as I've said earlier, I don't model it on a unit-to-unit basis. But qualitatively, I could help you 
understand the existing units better. Thane unit is stick around mid-70% occupancy, 75%-odd, 
which means that it will only improve in line with inflationary pricing, not leaving too much 
more growth opportunity besides that. 
 
The Pune unit has low 60% or mid-60% occupancy. And therefore, besides the pricing, it will 
grow a little faster than Thane because of occupancy opportunities. And Indore, as I just outlined, 
we are gearing up to improve our occupancy over the next remaining part of the financial year. 
So that should grow faster than the other 2. 
Dhvani Shah: 
Okay. And just one last accounting question. See, last year in the Q2 numbers, we had seen a 
change in accounting policy mainly due to the unbilled revenues. How do we think about this 
affecting the next 2, 3 quarters growth? Or should we not assume anything? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So unbilled revenue, honestly, is not a huge factor because it was a onetime factor because of 
change in policy last quarter. But otherwise, like-for-like, it essentially negates each other out 
because at the beginning of the quarter, you lose out on part of the revenue. And in the end of 
the quarter, you gain a part of the unbilled revenue for a steady-state operations like a hospital 
where there isn't too much of day-to-day revenue volatility or occupancy volatility, it should not 
really matter too much. 
 
So except for that onetime change, where you saw a little higher bump in revenue because it was 
the first time we recognized unbilled. After that, if you see, it will be largely canceling each 
other out. 
Dhvani Shah: 
Fair. And just one last thing on Dombivli. Just want to understand what kind of fixed costs are 
we operating on per quarter basis? And are we done with all the doctor hiring in Dombivli? 
Ankit Thakker: 
Doctor hiring is an ongoing process. So yes, we have first round of specialists in pretty much all 
branches in place. But doctor hiring is likely to continue for a couple of years because as we 
keep adding subspecialties, adding more doctors in each specialty, etcetera. So when you start, 
you start with a few and you keep adding for the first couple of years. So that is on the doctor 
hiring question. Fixed cost, I think, should be INR6 crores, INR7 crores for a month currently. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Palkesh Jain from Transparent Value. 
Palkesh Jain: 
So like you previously guided for operational EBITDA loss of INR2 crores to INR3 crores per 
month. So was the guidance based on currently operational 200 beds or did it factor the 
commissioning of 300 beds? 
Ankit Thakker: 
It is based on the currently operating beds. 
Palkesh Jain: 
Okay. And one more question. Also the new additional beds becomes operational, so should we 
expect the EBITDA loss to increase temporarily before improving? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So I'll just repeat the thought process, which I have outlined in some of the earlier calls, and this 
holds true for this project and future projects. The way we think about ramp-up is that in Phase 

 
 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
1, when we start with, let's say, around 200-odd beds, there is an initial EBITDA drag for the 
first 2 years. After that, once we reach an operational occupancy of about 60% of the installed 
beds, we will add capex and add capacity to the tune that the occupancy falls down to, let us say, 
around 40%. When we do this, there may be a little drop in margins, but it will not result in an 
EBITDA loss. 
 
Once this expanded capacity then starts growing and again reaches the 40%, we'll carry out the 
next round of capex and occupancy expansion so that again, the occupancy drops to 40%, which 
may again result in a compression of margin, but it will not result in loss. So operational 
EBITDA drag or losses are only anticipated in the initial 1 or 2 years of operations. After that, 
you will see fluctuating percentage of occupancy and margin, but you will not see losses in 
EBITDA. That is the way we plan to ramp up this and the future hospitals. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Sucrit Patil from Eyesight Fintrade. 
Sucrit Patil: 
My first question is beyond the regular outlook, I just want to understand what are the top 2 to 
3 execution priorities you are focusing on in the next few quarters? And alongside that, what do 
you see as the biggest risk in broader demand shifts, interest rate movements or competitive 
pressures? And how are you preparing... 
Ankit Thakker: 
Yes, continue. 
Moderator: 
The line for the current participant was disconnected. We'll move on to the next question. The 
next question is from the line of Dikshant Gupta from Geojit PMS.  
Dikshant Gupta: 
Sir, so I just wanted to know like this quarter, we have seen a 10% ARPOB growth. So can you 
just explain the reason behind it? Like is it because of pricing or is it because of ramp-up? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So 2 main factors of ARPOB growth are case mix improvement and contract renegotiations with 
insurance companies or pricing, which happen on an ongoing basis. So all ARPOB increases are 
a combination of these 2 factors. 
Dikshant Gupta: 
Okay. So on an ongoing basis, what is the expectation that we can have? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So broadly inflation-linked growth for the mature units and for the new units, inflation with -- 
higher than inflation because case mix keeps improving for a few years. You start a hospital with 
more of secondary kind of work. And over the quarters or years, you start doing more and more 
of tertiary and quaternary. So first few years, higher than inflationary growth in ARPOB, 
eventually, once it matures, then only inflationary growth in ARPOB. 
Dikshant Gupta: 
Okay. And coming to margin profiles for FY '27, so can we expect like around 20%, 21% for 
the full year? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So the margin for the last year pretty much accounts for the 3 mature hospitals. So you can factor 
in out of all the contributory factors that I said, you can project how the other 3 hospitals will 
grow. And Dombivli I have given a guidance of INR2 crores to INR3 crores of EBITDA loss 
every month. So you'll probably have to model it with those 2 inputs. 

 
 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
Dikshant Gupta: 
Understood. And just last one from my side. So for Indore, what is the current occupancy? 
Ankit Thakker: 
Around 50%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sakshi Pratap from Pratap Securities. 
Sakshi Pratap: 
Just one question. So at the current pace of patient addition, when do we realistically expect the 
Dombivli Hospital to achieve EBITDA breakeven and your earlier guidance of 1.5 to 2 years, 
does that still hold? And also, are you seeing the possibility of reaching breakeven sooner than 
that? 
Ankit Thakker: 
No, the guidance still holds. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amey Chalke: from JM Financial. 
Amey Chalke: 
Congrats to the management, good numbers. I have joined the call late. So if I have repeated the 
question then please pardon me. So first question is on Dombivli Hospital. Is it possible, Ankit, 
to give occupancy level at Dombivli at present? And do you expect any increase in fixed costs 
in the remaining of the quarters? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So occupancy should be around 25%, 30%, I think. And fixed cost, as I said earlier, in terms of 
doctor cost, the team buildup is likely to continue for the next couple of years. So, on that 
account, the fixed cost can increase a little bit over the next year or 2. 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. At present, how many doctors would be there in the unit? 
Ankit Thakker: 
On a full-time basis, maybe some, I don't know, 30, 40 doctors on a visiting basis, maybe more. 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. So maybe it can go up to like 70, 80 doctors at the full capacity? 
Ankit Thakker: 
Eventually, it will mimic all others like what Thane has, Pune has that and maybe more because 
the scale of the hospital is bigger than these 2. So at full capacity, of course, much higher than 
what we have now. 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. The second question we have recently acquired a company to setting up IV unit. If you 
can explain the strategic thought here. And also we have seen hospitals having diagnostics or 
pharmacy companies. But we have never seen a hospital company acquiring a manufacturing 
plant. So your thought process would be helpful to understand what we are thinking here. And 
also it will help us to get some clarity on the capital allocation as well because going ahead, we 
have so many hospitals lined up. So that is also one more question I have, like how that will 
evolve going ahead? 
Ankit Thakker: 
Sure. So this is more of a backward integration for our pharmacy unit. With the growing footprint 
of the hospital, we have a line of sight to around 3,000 beds now. And with that, we are exploring 
this as a little bit of a cost management or margin improvement strategy. On the capital allocation 
front, as we disclosed and you might have noticed that the one line of IV fluids cost INR35 
crores, INR40 crores with the infra. 

 
 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
 
So not a very, very significant number considering the capex outlay of the hospitals that is 
already planned. So what I want to tell you and everybody else is that this is not our entry into 
becoming a pharma company. We continue to remain a hospital company, but this is to be seen 
as a backward integration of our pharmacy subsidiary. 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. Sir, last question I have on our base business profitability. It has improved sharply over 
the last 2 quarters, particularly. 4Q also, it was well above 25%, 26%. So what are the key drivers 
here? And which hospitals between Thane and Pune are driving this at present? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So I think Thane and Pune both have similar operating profile. In terms of this quarter,  Q1 
generally has been the weaker quarters. Q1 and Q3, as I said earlier, these 2 quarters are 
relatively weaker and Q2 and Q4 are relatively stronger quarters. So besides that, Dombivli 
continuing to drag in this quarter as well. So these are key reasons of the current quarter 
performance compared to the previous ones. If we compare and contrast Thane and Pune, you 
won't really see too much difference to choose from in terms of margin profile. 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. So Pune has reached to the mature profile in terms of margins, you mean to say, where 
Thane is? 
Ankit Thakker: 
Pretty much 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from ICICI Securities. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Sir, if I look at your quarterly growth figures and compare this to FY '26, so we delivered close 
to a 14% growth from the 4 hospitals. And this quarter, we are at close to 16.4% with Dombivli 
kind of ramping up well. So just wanted to understand while Thane, you mentioned that it will 
grow in line with the inflationary price hike what you will take. At Pune, are we seeing some 
kind of a revenue growth slowdown in the quarter? 
Ankit Thakker: 
Pune revenue growth can't be very sharp now because, as I said, you are at the mid-60% 
occupancy now. It can go to 75%. But in terms of the base, it means the last 15-odd percent of 
growth opportunity. So the growth will not stagnant, but it will plateau from here onwards or 
slow down from here onwards in terms of percentage, unlike in the earlier phases where you see 
a more sharper growth. I don't know if that answers your question or you had something else in 
mind. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
No, that's pretty well understood. And secondly, on Dombivli. So in the first quarter itself, when 
we reached that 25% to 30% kind of an occupancy. And typically, I would believe that at 50% 
to 60%, this facility would kind of breakeven. So any reason why we are still holding on our 
guidance, especially after such a blockbuster start to that hospital? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So guidance is kind of based on some assumptions of insurances and some past experiences. 
Currently, I don't think we want to be very adventurous and aggressive in guidance. Let us see 
how the next 1 or 2 quarters perform. And then if we think that there is need to revise, I'll be 
happy to do that. But just with 1 quarter behind us, I don't want to give you a very aggressive 
guidance. 

 
 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Sure, sir. And last one, if I may. So FY '26, you had gross debt of, say, almost INR509 crores. 
So sir, ahead within the capex lined up, how should we look at your debt levels? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So the specific capex outlay, I have included in the presentation. And the thought process is that 
our internal accruals, the cash in hand should pretty much see us through for the next few years. 
And towards the end of that cycle, we may need some debt to finish the current round of capex. 
And at that time, we'll be happy to explore that debt. Currently, the board-imposed ceiling is 
debt of 3x of EBITDA, but we think that we should be able to complete the current round well 
within that range. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Janardan Sharma.  
Janardan Sharma: 
We have observed that the shares pledged in favor of Catalyst Trusteeship have increased 
materially over the past few disclosures. So could you help us understand whether this is due to 
additional debenture issuance, refinancing or existing borrowings or some other reasons? And 
also, could you quantify the outstanding debt secured by this pledged share? And let us know 
whether investors should expect any further increase in pledged shares going forward? And one 
more question. What is the total debt and cash as on books as of today? Thank you.  
Ankit Thakker: 
Thank you. So we did get some offline call about this because of which I am ready to answer 
your question now. First, the pledge is not a promoter or a promoter group pledge. It is pledged 
by somebody else. Two, from what I understood, the pledge has remained same. What has 
changed is the number of shares, which have increased 5x after the split and someone 
erroneously reported it as a 5x multiplication of pledge. 
 
So that, to my understanding, the filing has also been corrected. So this is a non-promoter pledge 
by somebody else, which was erroneously reported as being magnified due to the split, but it is 
what it was earlier. Your last question was about debt and cash. Currently, we are at pretty much 
0 net debt. I don't have the exact number, but roughly INR500 crores of debt with INR500 crores 
of cash. Broadly, that is the position. 
Janardan Sharma: 
All right. And one more question. If we look at Jupiter Life Line Hospitals 50 years, 20 years 
down the line, where do you expect yourself and what are the challenges that you could see? I'm 
not talking about the long-term trajectory here about almost 15, 20 years. So I just want to 
understand your view and where do you see our company going forward? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So on a more granular level, currently, I only have a 5-year visibility, which is we would like to 
see that all 3 projects that we have announced should be delivered in these 5 years. On an 
ongoing basis along the way, we continue to see a very, very strong demand-supply gap for 
organized health care in India, specifically in Western India, where we are planning to focus. 
 
So I think qualitatively, what I can say is that we'll continue building more hospitals of the shape 
and style that you have come to see and expect from Jupiter over the years. And the focus area 
for now remains West India. But on a granular and objective level, currently, I can just talk about 
these 5 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj Mehta from Wisdom Advisors 

 
 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
Raj Mehta: 
So sir, could you share the current payer mix for the Dombivli Hospital? And additionally, once 
the insurance empanelment process is completed, what kind of improvement in occupancy do 
you expect over the next few quarters? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So currently, when in the initial phases, it's pretty much all self-paid patients with a little bit of 
-- the insurance comes in with 2 ways, a little bit of reimbursement-based insurance and a little 
bit of preauthorized case-to-case based insurance. But you never see a large insurance-based 
payer mix till the formal empanelment processes are over. 
 
So that is where Dombivli is even now. I can't really visualize the specific occupancy bump after 
the empanelment. But definitely, it reduces the friction. Reimbursement is seen as a cumbersome 
process for the patients. And as soon as the friction point of reimbursement goes away and 
cashless empanelment comes in, it should definitely result in some kind of occupancy. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anubhav Sangal from Anand Rathi. 
Anubhav Sangal: 
So my question would be, I just wanted a clarification. As you mentioned that there is roughly 
around INR500 crores of debt and INR500 crores of cash. You have mentioned in the PPT that 
there was a higher finance cost owing to an increase in debt for ongoing capex. So the INR500 
crores debt includes the increase in debt that you mentioned? 
Ankit Thakker: 
Yes. So it is INR500-odd crores, I don't know the exact number. It will be there in the uploaded 
financials. But yes, this includes the final number. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dikshant Gupta from Geojit PMS. 
Dikshant Gupta: 
Yes. So just wanted to get your view, like do you have any plans for CGHS for Dombivli right 
now? 
Ankit Thakker: 
Not immediately, though again, as I said earlier, with the revised pricing, we could consider it 
at some point in time, but not right away. 
Dikshant Gupta: 
Okay. Okay. And which specialty are pending in Dombivli right now? 
Ankit Thakker: 
Oncology is yet to be fully launched, the radiation and LINAC, etcetera, should come in by end 
of the year. 
Dikshant Gupta: 
And just a final question from my side. So I just wanted to get your view more on the rationale 
behind choosing BKC as a location. So given that it's a very premium area, it's not a residential 
area. So why was the hospital chosen in such an expensive location? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So your question has a little bit of answer embedded in it. It is a premium area, and that is why 
it was chosen. While BKC itself does not have so much of residence, but it is very accessible by 
a lot of residential locations within Mumbai and also being 100 meters away from the bullet 
train, so the entire drainage of the bullet train. So if you draw a 45-minute driving circle from 
the BKC location, you will be able to fit in more than half of all the residents of Mumbai. So 
essentially, it becomes one of the most accessible locations of Bombay City. 

 
 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Ahuja from Vijay Capital. 
Amit Ahuja: 
So like my question is on the Dombivli Hospital. So could you provide an understanding of the 
month-on-month trend in patients footfall? Like are patients volume ramping up in line with 
your expectations? And how do you see this trajectory evolving over the coming quarters? 
Ankit Thakker: 
Yes. So there is a gradual increase month-on-month for Dombivli Hospital. yes, it is ramping up 
pretty well on both the interest from doctors and the patients. As I said in a couple of different 
answers earlier that we believe, a, the second year should be the breakeven year, which means 
that it will have to ramp up from now until then consistently. And second is insurance 
empanelment being a friction point for the patients. So once that is behind us, that should also 
result in some improvement in footfall. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Ankit Thakker: 
So thank you, everyone. I hope the answers were satisfactorily understood. However, if there is 
any further clarification needed or if you have further questions, please feel free to contact the 
SGA team, and they'll be able to put us in touch. Thank you, and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
