 
 
22-07-2026 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
To,  
The Manager - DCS    
 
 
The Manager - Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers,     
 
Exchange Plaza, BandraKurla Complex                      
Dalal Street,   
 
 
 
Bandra (East),                                                    
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
 
Mumbai- 400051 
Scrip Code: 523828 
 
 
 
Symbol: MENONBE 
 
Subject :Disclosure of Information pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Outcome of Schedule of 
Analyst / Institutional Investor Meeting – Transcript of Earnings Call 
 
Dear Sir / Ma’am, 
Pursuant to the relevant provisions of Regulation 30 (6) read with Part A of Schedule III of 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, we would like to 
inform you that the officials of the Company had an earnings conference call relating to the 
Unaudited Standalone & Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter 
ended 30th June, 2026 for the Investors/Analysts (Participants) which was held as per the 
details below. 
 
Date & Time 
Type of Interaction 
17th  July, 2026 at 2.00 p.m. IST 
Earnings Conference Call 
 
The Transcript of the earnings conference call is enclosed herewith and has been uploaded 
on the website of the Company i.e. www.menonbearings.in . 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Menon Bearings Limited 
 
 
 
___________________ 
Siddheshwar Kadane 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No : A72775 
SIDDHESHW
AR SUNIL 
KADANE
Digitally signed by SIDDHESHWAR SUNIL KADANE 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=416012, l=Kolhapur, 
st=Maharashtra, street=GHAR NO 33, A WARD, MARGAI GALLI, 
Kolhapur City, Karvir Maharashtra India 416012 raje sambhaji 
tarun mandal, SHIVAJI PETH, title=8697, 
2.5.4.20=ac95015e3a4fb388e18c6aaf3d0e08f0352d4fd010f9b
a76d1a0fd4053ee950f, 
serialNumber=751d4187aa49176a22fa0435485536b9d9aff08
e5ee136f990e944983151040a, 
email=siddheshwarkadane@gmail.com, cn=SIDDHESHWAR 
SUNIL KADANE 
Date: 2026.07.22 16:22:34 +05'30'

 
 
 
Menon Bearings Limited 
 
Q1 FY27  
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Arun Aradhye - Managing Director 
Mr. Aditya Menon - Promoter Group 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 
Presentation 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor 
Relations team, I welcome you all to the Q1 FY27 Post-Earnings 
Conference Call of Menon Bearings Limited. 
 
Today on the call from the management team, we have with us Mr. 
Arun Aradhye, Managing Director and Mr. Aditya Menon, part of the 
promoter group. As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that 
this call may contain forward-looking statements, which may involve 
risks and uncertainties.Also a reminder that this call is being recorded.  
 
I would now request the management to quickly brief us about the 
business and performance highlights for the quarter-ended Q1 FY27, 
the growth plan and vision for the coming year, post which we will 
open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Menon Bearings Ltd, I extend 
a very warm welcome to all our shareholders, investors, analysts and 
members of the investment community to our conference call to 
discuss the financial performance of the company for the first quarter, 
ended 30 June, 2026. Thank you for taking the time to join us today 
for your continued trust and confidence in Menon Bearings Limited. 
 
The first quarter of FY26-'27 has been a strong and encouraging one 
for the company and I am glad to tell you that we have recorded 
highest-ever sales, highest-ever EBITDA, highest-ever profit before 
tax and PAT in the history of the company for this quarter. Despite a 
dynamic business environment, we delivered robust growth in revenue 
and profitability, supported by healthy demand across all business 
segments, improved operational efficiencies and continued focus on 
cost optimization and customer satisfaction.  
 
Now coming to the standalone performance of Bi-metal Menon 
Bearings, during the quarter sales increased to INR67.06 crores from 
INR47.76 crores as compared to the corresponding quarter of the last 
year that is year-on-year increase of 40.41% and further increased by 
about 41%. EBITDA is up by ~60%. Our continued emphasis on 
operational excellence resulted in profit before tax of INR14.85 crores 
as compared to INR9.03 crores last year, reflecting a growth of 
64.32%. Consequently, profit after tax has also gone up by 63.53% 
which is now INR11.23 crores.  
 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 25 
 
Now coming back to the consolidated performance of the company, 
on a consolidated basis, the sales increased to INR91.79 crores as 
compared to INR67.21 crores last year, same quarter, registering a 
growth of 36.57%.And total income increased by 37.05%. And 
EBITDA on a consolidated basis is up by 57%. Profit before tax 
reached to INR18.51 crores as compared to INR11.06 crores last year, 
corresponding quarter, representing a growth of 67.36%. And of 
course, profit after tax also increased by 67.35%.  
 
Our earnings per share also improved significantly to INR2.52 
compared to INR1.50. So, coming to the outlook now, we remain 
focused on strengthening our relationship and leadership position 
through technological advancement, continuous improvement in 
manufacturing processes, product innovation and customer-centric 
solutions. Our efforts continue to be directed towards sustainable 
growth, operational excellence and creating long-term value for all our 
stakeholders. While the global business environment continues to 
present certain uncertainties, the underlying demand outlook for the 
automotive and engineering sector remains encouraging. 
 
With our strong customer relationship, diversified product portfolio 
and disciplined education, we are confident of sustaining our growth 
momentum in the coming quarters also. That is because, more 
particularly, due to our last month's visit to Canada and USA, is 
expected to yield substantial volumes in the coming period of the year. 
Also, number of parts for various customers have been already 
developed, and after testing and validation, those all will be 
productionized over a period of time now.The total potential of 
additional business for the current and next financial year is expected 
to be around INR65 crores to INR75 crores, subject to good monsoon 
and geopolitical situation doesn't worsen further.  
 
Before I conclude, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our 
customers, employees, suppliers, business partners, shareholders and 
all other stakeholders for their continued support and confidence in 
Menon Bearings Limited. With these opening remarks, I now invite 
our management team to provide further insights into the operational 
performance of the company. Mr. Aditya. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Hopefully everyone's seen the results.So 
all three fronts Menon Bearings, Menon Alkopand Menon Brakes for 
this quarter, we've been working extremely hard during these difficult 
times and we've achieved this outstanding result, what I would say. I 
would like to thank the Menon Bearings team, the management to get 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 
the results. And I would like to open the floor to question and answer 
so we can discuss further about our growth and what numbers we are 
going to achieve and what is the future of Menon Bearings, the bright 
future of Menon Bearings, how it is going to look. Thank you. 
 
Question-and-Answer 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
[Operator Instructions]We'll take the first question from Arnav 
Sakhuja. Please go ahead, Arnav. Arnav? 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Hi, thanks for answering my -- sorry, congrats on a good set of results. 
So my first question is that I was reading in your presentation that the 
brakes -- in the brake segment, the dynamometer seems to have 
arrived. So what is the revenue that we can expect from the brake 
segment in FY27? 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
You see, basically that is under construction now and is expected by 
the end of August. Thereafter, the railway people will come and visit 
our shop. They will have a thorough audit and after that they will 
approve our company Menon Brakes for registration with railway and 
thereafter testing, validation, etc., it will start and it will take another 
one year and with this in the first year itself, we expect that to start 
with, we will have a business of around INR5 crores to INR6 crores to 
start with and eventually it will go up to INR25 crores to INR30 crores 
within next two years. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
And just to give a more deeper explanation, by next month, August 
end, the machine is supposed to be commissioned at our end. So 
maybe one more month by September end, the technical team, it's a 
very difficult testing rig. So by September end, it should be all 
running.So like Mr. Aradhye said, one way is we are already in touch 
with the Indian Railway RDSO where our vendor code has been 
registered. So at the same time, back until the dynamometer is 
coming, we have already made dies for all railway, like the bogies, the 
transport bogies, Vande Bharat, metros. So technically we are 
developing dies for all the railway applications. 
 
So in September, we'll get a better idea how the business starts, where 
we get like first, for example, for Delhi-Meerut or Mumbai-Kolhapur, 
they'll take a sample from us and test it for around three months, then 
they will be putting on the testing rig, checking the quality of the 
product, and then they will start like business from a small piece of 
business. So like Mr. Aradhye said, it could be anywhere from 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 25 
 
INR4crore, INR5 crore to INR25 crore. But as management, we are 
aiming at all different parts of the railway department, like cargo 
bogies, passenger bogies, then Vande Bharat, fast trains, then metros. 
 
So we are developing from our end technology where we can do 
applications at all railway applications. So that's one avenue after 
dynamometer comes. The second avenue after the dynamometer 
comes is OEMs. If you see this quarter, the brakes also is doing pretty 
well. So once the dynamometer comes, we will have access to 
different OEMs also, original equipment manufacturers in India. So 
that also will give a boost, a lot of boost for Menon Brakes. So 2027 
should be a very good, bright future for Menon Brakes also, a good 
year. Numbers I can't tell you or you know, we can't want, I don't want 
to give you any concrete numbers. Because after dynamometer comes, 
the numbers should significantly increase also. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
So this is what is a conservative estimate that we already told to you 
that is regarding the railways.Apart from that, OEM business is also 
coming up. And we are very sure having relations with all the OEMs, 
Menon Bearing is already having relations with them for last so many 
years. We are 100% sure that we will get additional business from 
them and maybe there will be substantial and significant increase in 
the volumes of Menon Brakes in the next year. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
And currently also because of the -- like if you all follow us for the 
last couple of years, dynamometer has been delayed. But as 
management, as Menon Brakes, we have not been stuck up on that. 
We've developed new products for two wheelers, three wheelers.So 
that's why the growth currently also this quarter also there's been a 
good growth in Menon Brakes and good margin also, good EBITDA 
margin also. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
But at the same time, I would like to tell you that right from 12% 
EBITDA earlier, now we have reached to 25% EBITDA in brakes 
also.And that is above all other segments. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Yes. So that shows our operation efficiencies and how we run our 
businesses, how we keep everything very tight and professional. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Thank you. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Got it. So my next question is that, so I was reading again in your 
presentation that you are planning to enter Africa via a distributor 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 
network. So which products would this be for and what could be the 
possible revenue potential from Africa? 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
You see the possible revenue from Africa so far as bearing, bushes 
and washers are concerned is around INR9 crores. And at the same 
time, we are working on supplies to Africa so far as brake linings are 
concerned, and that is expected to be around INR6 crores to INR7 
crores for the year. So this is what is the estimated figures that we 
have as of now.Apart from that, a regular business that we are 
transacting through the distributor in Dubai, who is catering to the 
African market, which is to the tune of around INR7 crores to INR8 
crores per year. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
So actually leaving the aluminium parts all other avenues can be done 
by merchant export to Africa. So before we were doing through 
Dubai, we still do through Dubai. But now we are looking at different 
avenues because of the war last three months, we didn't have orders.So 
actually, our results could have been even better. But last three 
months, those merchant export orders were stuck because of backlog 
because of the Straight of Hormuz and the war. So now they restarted. 
 
So till then, our marketing teams have been putting effort. We are 
finding direct merchant exporters from Africa who are ready to take 
our parts. But we have our terms and conditions where we need 100% 
advance.Other things that keep, which is not running behind sales, but 
other things that are important. So we have found, identified a few 
suppliers, few merchant export customers who are ready on our terms 
and condition. So that's what Mr. Aradhye said. So bearings, bushes, 
washers, and braking system, friction material. So leaving the 
Aluminium segment, everything else can be given to African markets. 
And there's a huge potential. 
 
But we are starting slowly, one step at a time. So already this month, 
we have given small orders already given. But we have few terms and 
conditions for the payment cycle, where we require 100% advance at 
least in the initial six months.After there's a relation and a cycle, like a 
payment cycle, then we can go for something else. But currently, we 
are very stringent. We don't want to run behind just sale or business 
that is coming.We want to look at sustainable and secure business. So 
that has already begun from our side. We have taken a lot of 
marketing efforts, identifying merchant exporters who are agreeing 
with our terms and conditions. 
 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 25 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Yeah. Thank you. Got it.Thanks a lot for answering my questions and 
congrats again on the great results.  
 
Aditya Menon: 
. Thank you, Arnav. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Mr. Bhargav. And 
before we take the question, I would request the participants to limit 
the questions to two.Next question from Bhargav Buddhadev. Yeah. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Yeah, good afternoon team and congratulations on a very good set of 
numbers.  
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Yes, thank you.  
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
My first question is that you mentioned in your opening remarks that 
there was a trip made to Canada and US and INR50 crores to INR60 
crores of additional revenue opportunity can come in the Alkop 
business from a new customer.So what is the visibility? When can we 
expect basically this business to start fructifying? Right now, if I'm not 
mistaken, the quarterly run rate is about INR21-odd crores in the 
Alkop business.So the annualized run rate is about INR80 crores. So is 
it fair to say that for FY28, you are expecting another INR50 crores on 
top of this INR80 crores? 
 
Aditya Menon: 
For this year, we are targeting Alkop for INR100 crores, next year 
around INR125 crores. Like I told you, in Alkop for new business to 
get realized, it takes around 9 to 12 months. So Mr. Aradhye and our 
marketing head had been in the month of June, around 15 days in the 
US. They travelled to Canada, they travelled to USA, they were in 
Detroit, the automobile hub of the world. They were in Cleveland, 
Atlanta, and for Menon Bearing customers. But after they were very 
aggressive with the marketing, showing what kind of products we 
do.So we were specially called from Magna, Linamar, I don't want to 
take many names, but a lot of RFQs have already come, NDAs have 
come, just to Allison Transmission, Magna, these are all bearing 
customers. So these guys, we saw the aluminium plants, Magna has 
nine plants in Canada alone. They buy INR1,800 crore per year, where 
we do engine bearing supply for the last 15 years. 
 
So we're getting RFQ, NDA signing, a vendor profile for Alkop. So 
even if you start small, it's a big ocean to take from. So these 
customers, because of China Plus One policy, and Menon Bearing 
brand name for the last 20 years, we have Menon Alkop also gotten 
the entry.So already RFQs have come, NDA signing has come, 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 25 
 
technical discussion, it's only been one month, all this has already 
started. At the same time, looking at so much potential in the US, we 
have assigned a person there who's based in the US, who will do 
continuous follow up, and try to make this process realization as short 
a period of time as possible. If it's 9 to 12 months, we are trying as 
management, how we can get it to six months, seven months.So that's 
what efforts have already been taken. And engine bearing and Alkop, 
a lot of, what do you say, potential from the US we have been 
observed.  
 
And already Mr. Aradhye said, out of the INR65 crore, engine bearing 
division, the bi-metal division has already started getting RFQs and 
orders. So this visit has been very fruitful for us. So you will see by 
the quarter three, quarter four, where engine bearing will already be 
started supplying. And maybe by next year, Alkop also should be able 
-- samples should be submitted by next year, by 2027.Orders for 
aluminium division also should start coming to surface. So that is of 
the US trip, like how you have asked about the USA trip, how we as 
management, we saw a lot of -- as we are a household name now for 
quality and more technical products.We are getting a lot of attention 
and demand from the USA. Some of these customers got in touch with 
us. 
 
So in September, we have a visit to Europe also, we are there for 15 
days. CNH, New Holland, actually we don't supply to them in India. 
But we were there in Delhi with them last month.So we got invited 
from them to visit their European suppliers. Maybe Indian customers, 
we are -- they have a more price efficient, I don't know, reasons why 
we are not in India, but they have invited us personally to Europe to 
attend their factory visit, their meetings. So we have taken a project in 
September also to visit a few European customers, see a lot more 
markets there for merchant export and new customers.So we are very 
aggressive. So this group, what we are talking about this US trip and 
Europe trip, this will be realized in 2027-'28. So that will be an 
addition to our already order book what we have. 
 
So what growth have you -- you all have seen this quarter is already 
for the hard work what we have done for the last 2-3 years. So we are, 
as management, now are very happy with the result, but we are taking 
two steps forward. So by 2028-2029, what order book we will have.So 
we are taking those efforts right now. And we already -- the guy in the 
US, we have appointed he is already visiting us for the last 15 days 
here. So his induction is happening, his planning, which department he 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 25 
 
has to coordinate with.So we already hired him on our payroll. So we 
are aggressively taking this project forward. Thank you. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Secondly, sir, in your presentation, it is written that in the Alkop 
business, the share of EV by FY27 end can be in the range of 8% to 
10%. So what is the current share of EV, if you can highlight and also 
maybe in the next three years, where do you see this going? Because 
incrementally, when we are talking to a lot of auto ancillary 
companies, they are now witnessing a lot of RFQs, especially from 
Europe after this rupee significant depreciation versus China.So 
obviously, more and more Indian companies are becoming more and 
more competitive versus Chinese. So just wanted to hear your 
thoughts. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Currently, we are at around 4% to 5% EV. We are only doing around 
3-4 main customers. But these customers, like I told you, TACO 
Prestolite, we started two years ago, we are doing just four parts for 
them.Now I have gotten five RFQs for Menon Alkop. Tata Motors is 
an old company, like we are supplying for the last, before I was born, 
for the last 30 years. But TACO, Alkop, we entered two years ago, 
started with two products only, we got four, five more RFQs.So Tata 
Curve, Tata Punch, all Tata EV cars, we are, what do you say, 
developing new parts for them. Now over time, before we were 
developing smaller parts for them on 400-ton machine, on a 500-ton 
machine, they also have got confidence on us. Now we are getting 
parts on a 1,600-ton machine, 8-kilo part, HPVC part.So that is 
showing us confidence also that we can do these high technical parts. 
And we are taking efforts for Eaton Concentric also, when a more 
critical part comes to them, we are a preferred --Alkop is a preferred 
supplier for them also. So we are also targeting, so 8% is for the near 
future, for the next two years. 
 
But as parts come, RFQs come, when it gets samplized, then only I am 
giving you true figures. So I have RFQs for electric parts, but maybe 
technically it's not matching or rates are not matching. So once we 
start the sample production that I am manufacturing, it gets added to 
our list.So that's what, like the system we work on. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
And did I hear correctly that you said in brakes, you are doing 25% 
EBITDA margins,versus your peers doing 12%,13%? 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Yes, yes. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Okay. Great, sir.Thank you very much.  

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 25 
 
 
Aditya Menon: 
But Mr. Bhargav, for that, just to not, it should not be that you ask 
about the same question. It's about a product mix.So this quarter, what 
product mix we had could help us achieve that number. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Maybe next quarter, it may go down to a certain extent, but we will try 
to maintain that. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
But it's significantly higher than our competitors.  
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much and all the very best. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Yes. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Rucheeta Kadge. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
Hello, sir. Good afternoon. So my question was mainlyon the bi-metal 
business, right?So currently our utilization is at 85%. So 
incrementally, we can do around INR30 crores, INR40 crores. So 
beyond that, what is our plan, sir?How do we, like, are we going to 
increase the capacity? Are we going to acquire somebody? What is the 
plan? 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
If you go through the presentation, Rucheeta, you will come to know 
that we are investing about INR9 crores to INR10 crores of rupees for 
this year, this financial year for increasing the capacity and which is 
expected to increase the capacity by almost 25% to 30%, which may 
yield the total revenue of more than INR25 crores, which can generate 
revenue of INR25 crores. So steps have been already taken to see that, 
looking at the 87%, actually, which is the capacity utilization at 
Menon Bearing. We have already taken proactive steps to increase the 
capacity so that even if there is a surge in demand, if at any time, the 
capacity for the third shift is always at a spare capacity. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Third shift currently, we are not running full time, fully bottlenecked 
operations are on. So any sudden surge also is there, we can always 
run a third shift and reach more capacity.  
 
Arun Aradhye: 
And we can cope up with the new demand. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Yes. 
 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 25 
 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
So, with whatever capacity we have currently in just the bearing 
segment, right? How much revenue, peak revenue is possible for us? 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Peak revenue from this, it can be aboveINR400 crores. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Only for the bi-metal division 
 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
In the bearing segment? 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Yes, yes, bimetal.  
 
Aditya Menon: 
Without any land expansion or... 
 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
Got it. And the aluminium die casting business, considering you guys 
have been talking about INR750 realisation. But when we calculated 
like on 60% utilisation, it is above INR800, right, the realisation 
currently. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Realisation actually... 
 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
There is some mismatch there. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Realisation, it has gone up to INR900-plus now. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Because ofraw material prices 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
Right. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Otherwise, it is roughly around when it is INR250 rupees or INR200 
aluminium, it is around INR700. But now average aluminium rates 
have become INR340, INR370. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
So it has become somewhat volatile. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Yeah. But Alkop also, we have actually in engine bearing also, we 
have done a 45,000 square feet to building which is 50% occupied. So 
that land, we have more to utilise.And in aluminium division also, we 
have done 65,000 square feet new building, a machine shop, which is 
50% land, like what do you say?  
 
Arun Aradhye: 
50% capacity is available.  
 
Aditya Menon: 
Yeah.Whatever new development we are doing in the presentation, 
you can see that is the cost of machinery getting added to increase the 
capacity. Otherwise, machinery land capacity, we have around seven 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 25 
 
acres in the aluminium plant still empty. So tomorrow, in four years, 
we don't have to go and spend there. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Factory building, whatever we have just constructed, which is 65,000 
square feet, out of which almost 25,000 to 30,000 square feet is still 
available for expansion, where we are going to have the machines 
installed, which have been already ordered. And we are having the 
CapEx of around INR4 crores of for this year in Alkop alone. 
 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
Okay. Okay. Okay.So we have everything in place for the additional 
whatever INR500 crore revenue we are talking about, right? 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Yes. For the next two years, we don't have to do any significant 
increase in the capacity to get these values. So that investment in the 
last two years, we have done looking at the future order book. 
 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
Understood. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Rucheeta. We'll take the next question from Disha 
Chamriya. Please go ahead. 
 
Disha Chamriya: 
Am I audible? 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, Disha. 
 
Disha Chamriya: 
Good afternoon, sir. Really good set of number. Congratulations for 
that.The first question would be that the export target for FY27. 
Historically, it has been around 24% to 30% of range. And this is a big 
step in one year.So is this driven by existing customers and will there 
be a new geography, like you already mentioned Africa, but what 
about the customer? Is that the same wallet share?  
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Okay.Is it because of additional business with the existing customers 
as well as acquisition of new customers? It's a mix of both. As we 
expect that by next year, the export may go up to 37% after total 
revenue. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
And we are -- actually we do export to 42 countries, but majority of 
export goes to the United States. So we are taking new steps. We are 
taking efforts to do different geographies in the USA.Now, we went to 
Canada. We were doing very less business in Canada. We visited two 
big giants in Canada.So different geographies. In September, we have 
a visit to Europe. So looking at different customers in Europe, South 
America, we are giving to Argentina, Brazil.That was not -- that was -

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 25 
 
- we were not giving there in a big way before. We were just giving 
small quantities, but that has increased bigger. So that's why our 
growth is actually Indian customers also increasing.But on average, 
export majority of the growth is coming from exports. But we are 
looking at different geographies where we can supply our products to. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
So it is a mix of existing customers as well as acquisition of new 
customers. 
 
Disha Chamriya: 
Okay, sir.And my second question would be more on this. There's 51 
new parts that you are developing and under development. So will 
there be any money for that?What will be the revenue contribution 
that you see from that new developments? And for that, you said that 
the CapEx requirement would not be that significant for the recent 
years. But what would be the utilization after this next CapEx cycle 
just get triggers? 
 
Aditya Menon: 
See, till INR500 crore, we are with this current infrastructure, what we 
have created, it's good enough. But back of the mind, we are looking 
at new land plots like Menon Alkop, the aluminiumbrakes division. 
We don't need to go for a new land parcel or a new factory because 
you have seven acres of land available already.Menon Bearings as a 
company we have invested and kept in that. For Menon Bearings 
Brakesand Menon bushes, washers and engine bearings,we are 
looking at different opportunities nearby because our synergies work 
if the companies are nearby.We do -- we share our resources XYZ. 
But we are looking for the next two, three years also we are actually 
ready. But back of the mind, we are looking at different MIDCs or 
different places where we can have our --we are doing analysis, risk 
analysis, different analysis where we have synergies where a potential 
factory could be set up. 
 
But we prefer Kolhapur and nearby MIDCs where what has been 
working for us for the last 30 years, we are with the same mindset, but 
we are keeping a fresh open mind and looking at different 
opportunities for that kind of CapEx. But currently, for the next two, 
three years, we are prepared. So, we are not giving too much like what 
you say, not focusing on that currently.We are focusing on our 
operation. Because currently today, because of the war, all the time, 
we have actually achieved extraordinary numbers because the raw 
material prices have increased tremendously. Consumables, for 
example, carbide tools for all manufacturers, all automobile carbide 
tools are required.Those carbide tools price are increased by 300%. So 
these costs are not given to us by the customer. So, even though 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 25 
 
during this tough time and volatile time, we can achieve these 
numbers. 
 
So, if the war and it was a more peaceful environment, a better 
working environment, we would have achieved even better numbers 
and it would have been a very great milestone. So, during these tough 
times, before if we had to do 20 things when you come for work, 
today we have to do 50 things. We have to be proactive about 10 more 
things because of war and the uncertainty.So, during better working 
environments, we will be doing even better. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Apart from 37 parts that you are mentioning, those have been already 
approved. Apart from that, we have a considerable list of RFQs that 
we have received which are under consideration at various stages. 
That is commercial, feasibility, commercial, then sample, then PPAP, 
and then approval, etc., etc. So, put together, Alkop, that is 
Aluminium and Bi-metal put together, the list of such RFQ list is 
about INR75 crores of rupees apart from the potential business that we 
may get through our visits to Canada and USA, that is different. But as 
of now, we are having that list and if we consider INR75 crores of, 
which is the list under consideration at various stages and with a 
striking rate of almost 75% to 80%, we can definitely add within this 
year and next year to the extent of more than INR60 crores of rupees 
with the additional business we will be getting. 
 
Disha Chamriya: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Ankit Mittal. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Ankit Mittal: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a great set of 
numbers. My first question is on the demand side. So, as we are 
exposed to the auto side and the commercial vehicles, do you see any 
kind of risk from a potential slowdown on the auto, on the commercial 
vehicle side in the second half of the year?How is the kind of order 
visibility and demand you have for the rest of the year? 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
You see, considering the monsoon position that may -- in tractor 
segment affect today to some extent, not larger, because in some parts 
there is a drought-like situation, but it is expected to improve within 
this month or next month. So, we don't have to worry about that. But 
at the same time, government expenditure on public projects is going 
up like anything and because of the scrapping policy of the 
government that is scrapping of government vehicles and other 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 25 
 
vehicles after 15 years, that is going so that the demand will remain 
constant.We don't have to worry at all about that. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
And if you see the pie chart of our segment-wise sale, we are doing 
around with tractor and HCV-LCV segment, we are doing around 
50%. For the other 50%, we have taken conscious effort to diversify 
into other applications. And if you see in our business, the cyclic 
nature is always in the first or second quarter.Third, fourth quarter, if 
you see, normally are much better. They are not affected by the cyclic 
nature of this auto industry.  
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Fourth quarter, as it is, it is always the best. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Yeah. And actually, first and second quarter are cyclic. And if you see 
our performance, we have beaten our last year quarter by around 60%, 
INR23 crore.So, till now, we are not seeing that demand and all our 
customers, what numbers they have released to us, they are looking 
very positive. And second quarter also looks similar. And then third, 
fourth quarter, normally, if you see our 10 years, third, fourth quarter 
always does better than first, second quarter.So, this year looking 
promising.  
 
So, as management also, we are focusing very hard on this first 
quarter. And we have achieved our internal benchmark we didn't 
achieve, but we've crossed, done a great job, I would say. 
 
Ankit Mittal: 
And my second question, as you said, the second half of the year is 
better. And I think in our last fall, we were expecting INR360 crore of 
revenue this year. And given that we have already done around INR92 
crores in the first quarter.So, even if we just analyse the first quarter, it 
comes to around INR370 crores. So, do you think that your guidance 
is kind of conservative and we could achieve a higher number and also 
on the margin front? 
 
Aditya Menon: 
I don't want to comment on that. But fourth quarter, definitely you 
would be on a very happier note than what we are. Because first two 
quarters, we have done a good job.And we have told INR360 crore is 
a conservative number. But I don't want to comment more on the final 
number.It's just the first quarter. But fourth quarter, similar call, Ankit, 
it would be a much better scenario, I would say. 
 
Ankit Mittal: 
And on the margin also, as you mentioned, there are a few things 
which have moved significantly in terms of raw material costs. So, do 
you think this 21%, 22% is kind of sustainable? 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 16 of 25 
 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
You see, even after increasing the raw material prices by about 20%, 
25%, still, not only we have sustained, but our margins have increased 
further. You can go through the details for the past period also. And 
you will see that it has further improved, and it will improve further. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Basic ship cargo transportation has increased significantly. Indian 
transport has increased. Like I told you, consumable, the oil, gas, 
compressors, carbide tools, for example, that has increased by 
300%.So if all war goes down, it's a more better working environment, 
we should see better results. I don't want to comment on it too much, 
but it should be a more better working environment. Because all these 
are hardship, what I'm saying, it's fact, we all know that.In that, we 
have achieved these numbers.  
 
Arun Aradhye: 
And we have overcome all these problems. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Yeah.So, like you said, before we used to come, 20 things we had to 
do. Today, we are doing 80 things to achieve or making our 
management, our working system even more leaner. We are working 
harder, more Kaizan applications have been happening.So, we are 
working overtime here at Menon Bearings in Kolhapur. 
 
Ankit Mittal: 
Okay. Thank you and all the best for the future. Thank you. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Ashish Soni. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Ashish Soni: 
Yeah, it's a futuristic question, sir. You're working with Tesla. So, are 
you going to develop any products or working or trying to get inroads 
into humanoid robots? 
 
Aditya Menon: 
I'll like to answer the question. We are a Tier 2 supplier to Tesla 
Motors through Concentric. So, we are directly not doing any part, 
like directly not dealing with them.But currently, we are in -- we're not 
going into robotics, etc. What field we are experts in, we are managing 
that. We are entering EV, we're looking at different application, 
defence, railway.So, we're a little bit more in this segment. But if 
opportunity comes, if it is technically feasible from us, why not? But 
currently, there's no talks or we have not, what do you say, explored 
that field.It's a different field, actually, it's a medical field, a lot of 
high-end robotics, a lot of innovation is required. But if there are some 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 17 of 25 
 
parts which we can do in that, we'll definitely explore it. But that's a 
different, complete different field from what we are working in. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
So, we're taking it as a suggestion and we'll definitely explore all 
possibilities. 
 
Ashish Soni: 
Okay. Second question is on the railways, the defence and aerospace 
you spoke about, right? Railways, you gave us some commentary that 
there is an inspection next month and then you can get INR5 crore 
business.So, can you throw some more light, how exactly it will work 
in railways, like how much quantum of work you can get in like 
chunks? And defence and aerospace also, just give a commentary on 
that. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
So, so far as defence and aerospace is concerned, we are not really 
keen into that. But at the same time, railway business is coming and 
we don't know exactly how much business they are going to offer to 
us to start with. But eventually, it may go up what we have verified 
from the records of the orders issued by railways in the past.So, they 
are gradually increasing the business of all the customers, so far as 
brake lining is concerned. And slowly, slowly, maybe in the first year, 
it will be initial period. And we don't expect too much of orders.But 
after getting the confidence about our quality, we expect that that 
would increase manifold over a period of time. 
 
Ashish Soni: 
Defence and aerospace, can you throw some light on what exactly you 
are trying to do? 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Getting into the defence is so critical, we tried much in the past as well 
as there were so many people they have visited, they were having the 
conferences, but ultimately, we do not get response that is required 
from the concerned authorities. So maybe something is short from our 
side as well. But still, we have not entered into the defence. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Aerospace, we are looking at opportunities where we can do critical 
parts, we've developed some airport lightings, we are looking at some 
wheel parts for Honeywell. So, those efforts are going on, we have 
developed a few parts for them. Defence was like Mr. Aradhye said, 
we are not going for defence parts, but like we do defence parts for the 
US. Now, when we give to Allison our washers, those go in defence 
vehicles. So we are looking at exploring opportunities through engine 
bearings, washers and bushes, those go in defence vehicle as a 
secondary, not as primary making bullets or missiles or that kind of 
defence. We are looking how our parts can go as secondary auto 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 18 of 25 
 
ancillary parts to defence sector.Because currently, when we are doing 
Allison washers, those go in the defence vehicles.  
 
So, we are looking at opportunities like Mr. Aradhye said, it's quite 
difficult, not difficult, it's not a lot of ease of business working with 
government and what -- no, it's a very stringent process, meeting the 
authorities, getting it approved. So, if today our conversion rate -- 
realization rate from RFQ to sample is six to nine months, government 
maybe anywhere between two to three years, where you have to have 
licensing(licing) officers, I don't want to comment more on that, but 
it's more complex than getting an OEM or a more… 
 
So, that is what, but we are looking at from a tier two supplier, how 
our engine bearing bushes can go in make in India defence sector, 
because now have you seen how World War III talks are there, war is 
going, so a lot of budget is going through this sector. So, we're looking 
to be a tier two vendor, where wherever we can help our nation go 
ahead. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from Neha Garg, please 
go ahead. 
 
Neha Garg: 
Good afternoon, sir, and congratulations for achieving the milestone. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Thank you. 
 
Neha Garg: 
Yeah, my question is, is the CapEx funded through internal approvals 
or through debt? 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
You see, so far as whatever we are considering so far as bi-metal and 
Alkop is concerned, it will be through internal accruals only, no fresh 
loan will be taken. 
 
Neha Garg: 
Okay. And sir, I would like to know what differentiates Menon 
Bearings from large domestic or the global players? Like, what is the 
differentiating factor with the company? 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Differentiating factor is that we are having an integrated facility, our 
productivity comparatively is very good. We are accepting only 
critical components and critical parts where value addition is better. 
Like other competitors and global competitors, they are into the 
manufacturing of bi-metal in bearings of cars and passenger vehicles, 
etc.We are not into that. We are into heavy-duty tractors and other 
engineering parts and industrial parts where value addition is better. 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 19 of 25 
 
So, our overheads are comparatively minimum, our productivity or 
OEE that you can study also, though OEE is really better than -- that is 
up to the global standards and that's why our cost of production is 
comparatively lesser and we can give the prices and quote the prices 
comparatively reasonable so that more and more people get attracted 
to us. 
 
Apart from that, we are maintaining the quality and time to supply. 
That is the first priority, quality is the first priority.And considering 
these factors, like we have got a certificate from many of the OEMs 
for zero PPM, that is zero percentage of rejection for parts per million. 
So, that is our strength and that differentiates us from other 
competitors. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Yeah, we're also third generation now, I am third generation now, so 
last 30-40 years of technology in this field, at the right time we do 
technological upgradation. Now if you see all our customers, they are 
there with us for last 28, 30 years. Some customers are older to me 
also with the company.So, we keep trust, we keep our brand name, we 
try to be a supplier to them. Like for Allison Motors in the USA 
during tariff time, we didn't stop our supplier, even if it hit our 
margins, because our parts are smaller, if our parts don't reach their 
lines, they have bigger losses. Those times we supported them.So, this 
US visit we got more RFQs. So, there are X number of things we do 
right at Menon Bearings, which differentiate us from our customers or 
our competitors and those -- in the end that shows on our results. So, 
there are on different levels, we do many different things. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Like Mr. Aditya told you just now, so we are maintaining the 
relationship with the existing customers for a longer time. Like John 
Deere, we are single source for them for last more than 20 years. That 
speaks aloud about our timely delivery, quality and prices.That makes 
the difference. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Reliability, whatever quality issue or whatever, they know they can 
rely on us. So, that's a very big thing in our industry and our work 
talks for us. It's just not a marketing, have a good website or have a 
marketing team.In the end, what quality you provide, what after-sales 
services you provide, what relation you maintain, that speaks and that 
gives you the next RFQ, next business going forward. 
 
Neha Garg: 
Okay. Thank you very much, sir. And best wishes for your future. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Thank you. 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 20 of 25 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Nishant Sharma. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Nishant Sharma: 
Hello, I'm audible.  
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Yes. Very much.  
 
Nishant Sharma: 
Thank you, sir.Thank you for the opportunity and many 
congratulations for a great set of numbers. This is the first time I'm 
attending this call and first of all, congratulations, sir. If you can 
explain us the margin in each of the segment, because in your 
presentation, you mentioned that within brakes, we are targeting 12% 
kind of a margin.While, during the call, if I'm not wrong, we stated 
that it's about 25% what we have achieved in this quarter. So, first 
question is around margins. How are the margins in each of these 
segments?If you can help us understand that. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Okay. Okay. So, for the bi-metal is concerned the margin, so, 
EBITDA margins are around 21% plus. Then Alkop, it is almost 21%. 
And now, for this quarter, in brakes, we have achieved 25%.So, 
overall, it is almost 21.5% to 22% as the margins. But at the same 
time, 25% we could achieve in brakes because of the product mix as 
already explained by Mr. Aditya. If the product mix is something 
different in the coming quarter, it may go down or may increase 
further also.So, we are not very sure. But overall, on a consolidated 
basis, if you see, we will sustainaround 20% to 21% of margins over a 
period of time. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
And just as a layman for you to understand, Menon Bearings, the bi-
metal segment will have higher EBITDA margins, then aluminium 
and then brakes. We were actually, if you see our last two years, we 
were at 14%. 14% was very good actually in brakes.But this quarter, 
we've achieved 25%. So, right product mix, right operational 
efficiencies, like right operation excellency, we can achieve good 
numbers in brakes also. So that one confidence as management, we 
also got. 
 
We also didn't imagine that we could achieve that much EBITDA at 
brakes also. But this quarter was positive for us and new learnings for 
us also. But in average, as management, if someone asks me on a 
random day, what will be the margins, so, bi-metal will always have 
higher than aluminium and then brakes. And that is industry standard 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 21 of 25 
 
also. But we are doing, Mr. Aradhye and team are doing an excellent 
job here.So, we are achieving good numbers 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
As he explained just now, I would like to know that from 14% or 
12%, it has gone up to 25% just because our exports to African 
countries to Dubai have halted for last quarter. And since there is a 
steep competition from China, particularly in Dubai and African 
countries for brake linings, we have to keep the minimum margins so 
far as exports are concerned to these countries. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Only for brakes. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
And because of that, the margins are comparatively lesser when the 
export to these countries is more. You understood, no?  
 
Nishant Sharma: 
Yes, sir.So, going forward again, if we see the exports rising to these 
countries, we may again go back to the similar levels of about 12% to 
14%. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
No, no, it will improve further. We will try and see that it goes to 
20%, which is our standard level because we are not only depending 
upon the export as we have seen that our sales have gone up in spite of 
no export to these countries. But at the same time, we have entered 
into 2 wheeler, now we are entering into 3 wheeler. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
But main reason for EBITDA margin is product mix.  
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Product mix and we will try and see that we retain the same over a 
period of time. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
This quarter has given us an idea which products to focus on which 
are higher margin products. So, as management, we have identified 
those. We are looking at more avenues where these products can be 
sold or we can get more customers in this product mix.So, efforts have 
already been started. So, that is the scenario. 
 
Nishant Sharma: 
Okay, sir. And in terms of growth, if I have understood well, one, it 
would be export-led growth primarily as we have recently got orders 
from or we have worked in Canada and US. Along with that, we are 
also adding Europe and directly entering Africa.So, that's one piece of 
growth. Are there other avenues from which we can grow? 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
You see, there is domestic number of opportunities are there which are 
under RFQ, I told you just now. That is more than INR75 crores of 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 22 of 25 
 
RFQ list is there which is under discussion at various stages and with 
target rate of conversion, maybe around 75%, 80%. We expect to get 
around INR60 crores of additional business in domestic alone in next 
one   next this year. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
And when we say export-driven, export is only 60% I think out of the 
whole order book. Domestic also has a good 40%, 45%. Domestic 
also, we are looking at different customers, different applications, 
more compressors, maybe air conditioning, industrial fridge, 
generators, tractors.We are looking at different applications also from 
a traditional HCV LCV. So we are looking at more diverse pie chart 
and that's how we are going forward. 
 
Nishant Sharma: 
Okay, last bit, if I am not wrong, you have alluded INR360 crore kind 
of a number or a guidance that we are looking for this year. From 2 to 
3 year perspective, is there a guidance or a target that we have kept for 
ourselves? 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
You see, there is always a target, we have set ourselves on a 
conservative basis of 20% plus year on year. Considering our recent 
visit to USA, Canada and then now we are approaching Europe as 
well, so Netherlands, they have already invited us to offer us the 
business. So considering that, we don't know, it can be 25% also. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
We were supposed to reach INR500 crore in 2030, but we are trying 
to do it as soon as possible. So, in the next 2-3 years, it's our internal 
target, but let's see.  
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Actually, fingers crossed, we expect more. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Actually, last year, if you see, who all follow us, we had given 
INR270 crore like 3 years back. I had given target that we are going to 
achieve INR270 crores. We have broken our own benchmark and 
reached INR300 crores.So, hopefully, this year also we can do that for 
our shareholders and for our company. So, let's see. We don't want to 
comment on this because we still give more than other -- I attend other 
company meetings also, they don't give that much numbers.We still 
are more liberal with the numbers. So, INR360 crores, I would say is a 
conservative figure and we will stick to that. And the coming quarters 
will give you an indication also how are we going to be close or are 
we going to exceed it or how it's going to happen. 
 
Nishant Sharma: 
That's great, sir. And we will be hopeful of getting that kind of a 
growth going forward and will definitely give you good wishes on 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 23 of 25 
 
that. One bit on, you added capacity on bi-metal by about 25% 
odd.So, still we have a scope for growth over there, right?  
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Yes, yes.Tremendous growth.  
 
Aditya Menon: 
Yes. Currently, we have a lot of RFQs. Like, like I mentioned before, 
we are looking for a new plot also for bi-metal division for the next 
two years.If you start looking now till the land government 
permissions will be built, it will take two years. So, current 
investment, what we are doing,we are doing modular.What machines 
we require? What lines we require? What heat presses we require?So, 
that is going on to achieve these numbers for the next two years. We 
have done the CapEx. After that, what do we require, we have already 
started the process for that also. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
There are n number of customers who are following us for business, 
maybe domestic as well for exports. And we expect very good 
volumes. 
 
Nishant Sharma: 
Thank you very much and all the very best. We'll look to follow you 
up. Thank you. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the last follow-up question from Rucheeta Kadge. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
Good afternoon, sir, again. Sir, just on the utilization part. So, this 
quarter, what was the utilization in each of our segments? 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Whenever we reach 80% of the utilization, looking at the RFQs in 
hand and the business on the horizon, we go for -- we see. When there 
is a business on the horizon, as you know that in bearing, maybe 
bearing or washer are as Alkop also, it requires eight, nine months to 
almost nine months, 10 months, et cetera, to start the actual production 
because of testing and validation. So, looking at the business on the 
horizon, whenever we cross 80%, we go for the additional CapEx for 
increasing the capacity.Got it? 
 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
Understood.But this quarter, what was the utilization? 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Roughly, I will tell you bearing around 80%. But we don't calculate 
extra land and the land using space we have. We just calculated 
machinery.That at 80%, aluminium around 65 to 70%, and brake also 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 24 of 25 
 
around 65 to 70%. In all this, we are not running our third shift at 
100%. So, that also we get eight out of a whole shift.So, that is extra 
additional capacity which we have. Third shift, we are only running 
bottleneck operations today. So for achieving these numbers as 
management, we are confident what numbers we have for the next 
two, three years.We don't have to do any big capacity investment what 
we have done in the past couple of years. We just have to do modular 
investment to achieve these numbers for the next two years what we 
have mentioned to you all. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
To be precise, what he is trying to tell you that we have already 
invested into the infrastructure. 
 
Aditya Menon: 
Yes. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
And now only machining capacity has to be added. 
 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
Right. Understood. No, just to understand how much is realization 
growth and volume line? So, that when realization does go down, then 
to understand how much would be led by… 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
See, whatever future CapEx that we are going to do, the additional 
CapEx will have asset turn of around 2.5.  
 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
Got it, sir. Understood.  
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Rucheeta. Sir, since that was the last question, would you 
like to give any closing comments? 
 
Aditya Menon: 
I would like all our shareholders, well-wishers, stakeholders to come 
to Kolhapur. There are flights. So, we will arrange a tour for you to 
see all our plant, what kind of work we do, engineering, what kind of 
work culture we have, so, you all have a better understanding, a first-
hand experience of what Menon Bearing does. And thank you. 
Hopefully, see you all soon next quarter and Menon Bearing keeps up 
with the same result.Thank you, everyone.  
 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Thank you. 
 
 
 

Menon Bearings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 25 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you to the management team and thank you to 
all the participants for joining on this call. This brings us to the end of 
this conference call. Thank you. 
 
Arun Aradhye: 
Thank you. 
