 
 
 
 
 
August 19, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543482 
Scrip ID: EUREKAFORB 
Ref.: EFL/BSE/2026-27/29 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block - G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: EUREKAFORB 
Ref.: EFL/NSE/2026-27/29 
 
Subject : Intimation of Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Thursday, 
August 13, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call held with Analysts/Investors on Thursday, August 13, 
2026. The transcript of the aforesaid Earnings Call is also available on the website of the Company 
at www.eurekaforbes.com. 
 
Request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Eureka Forbes Limited 
 
 
 
Shilpa Jain 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
Shilpa Ketan 
Jain
Digitally signed by Shilpa 
Ketan Jain 
Date: 2026.08.19 17:09:50 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 26 
 
 
 
 
“Eureka Forbes Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRATIK POTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
MR. GAURAV KHANDELWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER  
 
 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 26 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Eureka Forbes Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. We have Mr. Pratik Pota, Managing 
Director and CEO; and Mr. Gaurav Khandelwal, CFO, Eureka Forbes, with us.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
Before I hand it over to Mr. Pratik Pota, please note the disclaimer. Certain 
statements made by management in today's call may be forward-looking 
statements. These forward-looking statements reflect management's best 
judgment and analysis as of today. The actual results may differ materially 
from current expectations based on a number of factors affecting the 
business. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pratik Pota. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Pratik Pota: 
Good afternoon, and I welcome you all to the Q1 FY27 earnings call of Eureka 
Forbes Limited. The operating landscape in Q1 continued to be impacted by 
inflationary pressures and currency volatility and the associated uncertainty. 
Against this backdrop, I'm pleased to share that we delivered a solid start to 
FY27. 
Revenue for the quarter grew by 15.3% year-on-year to INR701 crores, 
supported by accelerated and broad-based growth across the product 
business, especially water. The water purifier category grew by high teens, 
on the back of a double-digit volume growth. Emerging categories also 
delivered strong growth, especially on robotics and softeners. 
Overall, our product business grew by late teens, and this growth was also 
broad-based across channels, with retail, direct, and e-commerce all 
delivering strong double-digit growth. In water purifiers, our growth was 
driven by strong momentum in the economy range, by our expanded range 
of stainless-steel products, and also by our premium offering in Hot, UTC and 
IoT. 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 26 
 
Our growth was well ahead of the category leading to healthy market share 
gains across the board. Our emerging categories continued to perform well 
during the quarter with strong growth across all emerging categories.  
Within this, robotic vacuum cleaners delivered strong growth driven by 
increasing premiumization and a shift towards our fully automatic cleaning 
product. We recently launched a new campaign featuring Shraddha Kapoor 
for robotics, aimed at accelerating category adoption and strengthening our 
leadership in this fast-growing category. 
Water softeners also reported strong double-digit growth reflecting the 
growing relevance and the potential of the category.  
In service, revenue growth tracked at levels seen in the recent quarters. The 
price increases implemented in AMC led to some moderation in bookings 
growth. Our filter portfolio grew well in Q1. During the quarter, we further 
stepped up our awareness campaigns on the importance of installing genuine 
Aquaguard filters that in turn help drive growth in filters. We will stay focused 
and continue to invest in driving awareness and changing customer behavior. 
Additionally, our service KPIs remained strong and we rolled out a series of 
digital interventions aimed at improving the customer experience. 
On the profitability front, adjusted EBITDA margin came in at 10.5%, a decline 
of 46 basis points year-on-year, primarily due to a moderation in gross 
margins and our planned and deliberately higher growth investments. That 
said, the underlying drivers of profitability, namely healthy gross margins, 
operating leverage, and ongoing productivity initiatives remain absolutely 
intact and continue to provide a strong foundation for the business. 
We will keep investing in driving growth, while simultaneously driving 
stronger execution, productivity, and cost efficiencies. As shared earlier, we 
expect full year EBITDA margins to be broadly in line with last year. 
Looking ahead, given the strong start in Q1, we are confident of delivering a 
clear step-up in our FY27 full year growth. All our product categories are 
seeing healthy momentum and we have strong plans lined up for the future. 
We believe that the long-term opportunity across all our categories remains 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 26 
 
significant, supported by low penetration levels and increasing consumer 
preference and awareness of health and hygiene solutions. 
We will continue to invest behind our brands, our innovations, and 
strengthening our distribution capabilities as we progress through the year. 
With that, let me hand over to Gaurav for more details on our financial 
performance. 
Gaurav Khandelwal: 
Thank you, Pratik, and good afternoon, everyone. I will begin by covering our 
financial performance for the quarter.  
Revenue for the quarter stood at INR701 crores, registering a growth of 
15.3% year-on-year. The growth was broad-based and supported by 
continuing momentum across our product portfolio with steady contribution 
from the emerging categories. 
Our product business delivered growth in high teens, driven by strong 
performance in water purifiers. The growth was largely fueled by double-digit 
volume growth and calibrated price increases at the start of the quarter. 
Emerging categories also sustained growth momentum led by a higher mix of 
premium products in robotics and volume-led growth in water softeners. Our 
service revenue growth was largely in line with past few quarters' trends. 
Moving to profitability, our gross margins continue to demonstrate resilience 
despite a dynamic operating environment. Gross margins for the quarter 
stood at 58.4%, lower by 131 basis points year-on-year, reflecting the impact 
of higher commodity costs and adverse currency movements. 
While the cost environment remains challenging, and we are yet to see any 
meaningful reduction in input costs, our focus will be on driving our cost 
savings program and product mix. 
Moving on to operating expenses, employee costs stood at INR90 crores, an 
increase of 10.7% year-on-year. The year-on-year movement primarily 
reflects normal annual increments. We expect operating leverage and cost 
efficiencies to kick in over a period of time, supported by productivity gains. 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 26 
 
ESOP charges increased by 16.2% year-on-year to INR6.6 crores, primarily 
attributable to fresh employee grants and expanded ESOP coverage as part 
of our talent attraction and retention strategy. 
Service charges grew by 2.7% year-on-year to INR83 crores, reflecting the 
relatively softer growth in the underlying service bookings to some extent, 
and our ongoing initiatives to curb leakages. 
Other expenses, which include A&SP spends, grew by 21.4% year-on-year to 
INR162 crores. This increase is primarily due to higher advertisement and 
sales promotion expenses with investments focused on strengthening in-
store presence in modern retail. 
As a result of the above, adjusted EBITDA for the quarter grew by 10.5% year-
on-year to INR74 crores with adjusted EBITDA margins at 10.5%. 
Adjusted PBT for Q1 came in at INR61 crores, while reported PAT grew by 
44% to INR55 crores. During the quarter, the company recognized a one-time 
gain of INR19.5 crores on account of reversal of gratuity expense. Adjusting 
for this one-off reversal, pre-exceptional PAT grew by 6.1% year-on-year to 
INR41 crores. 
 
Turning to balance sheet. We ended the quarter with a net cash surplus of 
INR425 crores. Our focus continues to be on maintaining a strong balance 
sheet while investing selectively in areas that can support long-term growth. 
We remain committed to generating healthy cash flows and sustaining strong 
capital efficiency metrics. 
To summarize, quarter 1 reflects a strong start to FY27, a result of strong 
execution by the company. Looking ahead, in a continuing uncertain 
environment, our focus will be on stepping up growth for the full year FY27. 
We will continue to remain vigilant on cost and our focus will be on cost 
efficiencies and productivity improvements with the aim to maintain margins 
in line with last year. 
 
With that, I hand it back to the moderator and open the floor for questions. 
Thank you. 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 26 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
Our first question comes from the line of Siddhartha Bera with Nomura. 
Please go ahead. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Yes, hi sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, first question is on the service 
business. While we have seen a very strong momentum and probably 
improved momentum in the water purifier and other businesses, I think 
service growth may have been flattish to a very marginal growth in my 
assessment for the quarter. So when should we see some pick up here given 
the initiatives we did last year? If you can also highlight what was the amount 
of price increases which we took in the AMC and that should ideally reflect in 
a better growth also going ahead. So some thoughts there is the first 
question. 
Management: 
Siddhartha, thank you for the question. I think like I said in my opening 
remarks, service revenue growth tracked in and came in at similar levels as 
earlier quarters. When it comes to service bookings, however, given the price 
increase that we took, we did see some deferral and some postponement of 
AMC renewals, which we expect to reduce and mitigate and normalize over 
time. 
 
Our price increase that we took differ from the price increases for a single 
year AMC versus a multiyear AMC. The price increase, the band was roughly 
between 3% to 12%. We have, as you're aware, a number of initiatives going 
on driving our service revenue. We have a lot of targeted interventions aimed 
at customers who are due for AMC renewal. We also have a very focused 
work screen aimed customers who are out of warranty or out of AMC, but 
have a service request to a complaint. And when they land up to our website 
or when they call us, there is a very clear effort aimed at converting them into 
an AMC user. 
In parallel, we also, as you're aware, have stepped up our efforts on driving 
our filter business. Towards the end of last year, we had launched a simplified 
assortment of filters. We had gone down from 65-odd filters to five universal 
filter which are there in the market. We also reached out to the open 
ecosystem of distributors of filters and spares and created a new distribution 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 26 
 
system targeted this market. And we are seeing some encouraging signs 
there as well and we expect this to pick up as we go forward. 
Management: 
Siddhartha, also, hi, this is Gaurav. I think just to clarify, I think you made a 
point that in your assessment service revenue growth was flat, that is not the 
case. The growth that we've seen -- the revenue growth that we've seen in 
our service business is very similar to the growth that we saw in Q4 FY26. I 
think important to call out and that you may have noticed as well in the 
annual report, there is a deferred liability balance increase that is there. And 
that is an annuity stream which starts coming into FY27. So, from a revenue 
growth standpoint, the service business has indeed grown in Q1, but at levels 
which are similar to Q4. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it, sir. And second question is on the price hikes. So while you mentioned 
that costs have remained steady. In terms of price hikes, how are we planning 
to take any further price hikes? Or how are we planning to sort of manage 
the elevated costs which are there in the current quarter? 
Management: 
See, our current view at this point in time is that there is a momentum that 
is there in the category and across all the categories in which we are 
operating. Hence, we are going to be very calibrated and measured about any 
price hikes. Yes, while we may not have fully covered for the cost increase in 
percentage terms, in absolute terms, we have indeed covered for it. We've 
been watching the costs very, very closely and there are ongoing initiatives 
to offset the impact of cost as we go ahead. 
 
At this point in time, we are going to be more measured as far as consumer 
price increase is concerned because we see a very, very strong tailwind as far 
as growth is concerned and our bias will be towards not disturbing that. And 
how do we then kind of drive efficiencies for other parts of the business to 
keep margins. I think the best reference point is you look at Q1 gross margins, 
they are at 58.4%. So, a combination of business mix, portfolio straddling 
across different price points. I think all of it just helps in managing our gross 
margins. 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 26 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir, last question is on the A&SP. I mean overall other expenditure is up 21% 
Y-o-Y. How much would have been the A&SP growth in the current quarter, 
if you can just highlight the numbers?  
Management: 
So, Siddhartha, we don't give out the segregation for other expenses, but you 
can attribute almost the entire increase that has happened in other expenses 
to be mostly led by A&SP. I think within that, if I were to kind of make it even 
sharper, it's been driven largely by our investments within store. So, you will 
see a lot more of Eureka Forbes in retail outlets now. It's been a very focused 
investment in driving in-store investments and consequently the growth. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it, sir. Thanks a lot. I'll come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Keshav Lahoti with HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, happy to see that accelerated growth. 
Just want to get a sense on this growth, this time after a long we have seen a 
pricing action, out of this 15% growth, how much would be pricing that in 
your view? 
Management: 
Keshav, thank you. We are happy with the pickup and acceleration in the 
growth. As I mentioned earlier, this growth has been broad-based across all 
our categories. What was most encouraging for us was to see the strong 
turnaround in water purifier growth. 
 
We grew by high teens, like I said, and it was on the back of double-digit 
volume growth. So therefore, what we saw clearly was a volume-led growth 
in the case of water with some impact of price coming through. We were also 
happy to have grown ahead of the market and have gained some market 
share. 
When it comes to our cleaning portfolio and about robotics specifically, the 
growth was more led by premiumization where our top end products, the 
fully automatic cleaning station that we launched last year did exceptionally 
well and that drove a shift in mix towards a premium segment. 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 26 
 
In the case of softeners, the other emerging category, there was a strong 
volume tailwind that helped us drive growth. So, it was, for water and for 
softeners, it was much more volume led. In the case of robotics, it was a 
change in mix towards premium, which drove the growth. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Got it, sir. On service, you highlighted your growth is more in line with last 
quarter in spite of taking a price hike of 3% to 12%. Still the growth is not 
picking up. So, is it more like a deferral of service revenue or possibly the 
renewal that is deferred is more like a lost revenue? How should we read? Or 
possibly we'll get some sort of pent-up demand and when should we expect 
the service to hit the double-digit mark? And one last question on service 
side: earlier we used to talk double-digit growth on service revenue which we 
are not heard this time. Has a scenario changed? 
Management: 
Keshav, on service specifically, like you mentioned in my earlier response, we 
had taken a price increase between 3% to 12% for our single year and a multi-
year AMC. We saw that while in the case of products, our price increases 
went through reasonably smoothly, when it came to our AMCs, we found 
customers, some of our customers postponing their purchase of AMCs and 
waiting for a little bit more time before opting in for the AMC. And therefore, 
that led to the overall bookings growth being softer than what we would have 
expected, what we would have liked. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Are we seeing any revival in the service path in this quarter? Because ideally, 
if a growth continues at 6% kind of a number, what we delivered, and possibly 
your pricing could help 4%, 5% growth also. It would be easily hitting the 
double-digit mark. 
Management: 
I think Keshav, I'll just make one call out. What you referring to is the bookings 
growth, the revenue growth comes in with a bit of a lag because typically the 
AMC tenure is of 18 months. So, there is a lag effect which comes into play 
as far as AMC bookings are concerned and translating into AMC revenue.  
Also, I think just to draw attention that from our perspective, there are two 
drivers for service revenue. One is AMC, the other is driving the filter 
portfolio. That is an important part of a portfolio because that is helping us 
then capture the customer at a stage where maybe the customer has chosen 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 26 
 
not to opt for an AMC or at a stage where the customer maybe does not want 
to renew an AMC and is waiting out. 
So that's the other pivot that we've done nearly seven, eight months back 
and that is where the focus is and that is an area where we are investing a lot 
in driving awareness and that is an area where we continue to see growth. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Got it. One last question from my side. What would be the ESOP expense 
expected for this year? 
Management: 
We expect ESOP to be in the range of INR25 crores to INR26 crores. We 
should be in that range. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Okay. Okay. Thanks, sir. That’s it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Umang Mehta with Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Umang Mehta: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a strong top line print. My 
first question was on products. It had two parts. First is the price hike that 
you have taken, how is it relative to what peers have taken in water purifiers? 
And the second part to it was the recently launched three-year filter life 
products of peers, any thoughts on that, any plans internally, anything you 
can share on that? Yeah, that's the first question. 
Management: 
Umang, thank you for the questions and for your compliments. On your first 
question, the price increase that we took, our peers followed albeit with a lag 
with almost similar price increases. Though like I said, there was a lag and of 
roughly a 30-day period when we had pricing ahead of the others. But now 
as things stand today, there is again price equilibrium versus competitors. 
On your second question, I think it's important to sort of take a step back and 
look at the water category and water purifier category. We know that in a 
country like ours, with the water quality that we have, this category has an 
extremely low penetration, just about 7%. And one of the barriers that we 
know to be a big one significant barrier is the perceived high cost of 
ownership. 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 26 
 
Anything that addresses and tackles this barrier of the high TCO will help drive 
category growth and will help get new customers in. Knowing that, as Eureka 
Forbes, we have done a number of things to reduce the TCO and get new 
customers in. Going back to three years ago, we had launched a segmented 
AMC, a tiered AMC with AMCs starting as low as INR 699 to again reduce the 
perceived cost of ownership. Number one. 
Number two, last year, we launched the largest range of water purifiers with 
a two-year filter life. And that helped us again reduce the cost of ownership 
and attract new customers. As we said earlier, about 70% of customers who 
entered into this portfolio are first-time category entrants. So that clearly 
helped us grow the category. 
More recently, about 45 days ago, we were the first in the country to launch 
water purifiers with a four-year life. We launched two products in e-
commerce, Glow 4X and Ritz Pro 4X with stainless steel, priced at roughly 
INR22,000 and INR25,000 respectively. And they've met with a very, very 
positive response. Just to underline the fact that we had this about 45 days 
back and our competitors followed more recently. 
So, we were the first in the market, more generally, Umang, anything that 
helps unlock category barriers, that helps get new entrants in, and therefore 
helps grow the category, will always be to our advantage as the largest and 
the most trusted brand in this category. So, we are focused on growing the 
category and we'll do what it takes to reduce the barriers towards that. 
Umang Mehta: 
Sure, Pratik. Very heartening to know. The second question was on service. 
So, you mentioned about the hikes, right? I just wanted to understand the 
rationale behind taking them, considering that we've accepted in the past 
that it's pricing was a barrier, right, in terms of AMCs. So, why now? 
And the second question linked to it was on stand-alone spares and filters. If 
you can highlight if you've started to see some traction for the new kits, any 
growth numbers that you can highlight? Thanks. Yeah. 
Management: 
Umang, I'm sorry. I didn't hear the second part of your question. Can you 
repeat that, please? 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 26 
 
Umang Mehta: 
The stand-alone spares and filters, outside the AMC, any growth numbers 
that you can highlight, whether that new range has started to see some 
traction? 
Management: 
Got it. Thanks, Umang. Let me answer your first question, on the rationale 
for price hikes. Look, as you can imagine, we have a full portfolio approach 
when it comes to pricing. Specifically, in service and in AMCs, we had not had 
a price increase for quite some time. In that intervening period, we had seen 
inflation across fuel, inflation in labor, and we had not passed it on to 
consumers. 
And I think things reached a point more recently, after the war, etc., when 
we could not hold on to that any longer. Even within that, we did our price 
increases in a very calibrated way with a lot of analytics on what customer 
segments were price sensitive and which were not. And that led to the price 
increase. 
And yes, unlike in products, in service, we did see some impact of the price 
increase in terms of fresh bookings. But that's more a deferral. People are 
waiting for some more time before they renew the AMCs. And we expect, 
like I said earlier, this impact to mitigate and to normalize over time. 
On the second question that you had, which is about our non-AMC filters and 
spares. As I mentioned earlier and as you are aware, we've done a number of 
things. Including launch of a very simplified portfolio, driving a new 
distribution system, and most importantly, driving enhanced inputs for 
consumer awareness. 
Our digital campaigns have been sustained, in fact increased in quarter one. 
We also launched a campaign which was targeting consumer, a digital 
campaign, which talked about the, the line was Stop, Check and Relax, about 
asking customers to stop the technician and check what filter was being 
installed before they let it go ahead. 
So, I think those campaigns have helped us. We have seen some encouraging 
signs on filters. And as Gaurav said earlier, we have seen that part of the 
business grow well. And we have optimism and we believe strongly that this 
part of the portfolio will keep growing in the quarters to come. 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 26 
 
Umang Mehta: 
Got it. Thank you so much and all the best. I'll fall back in the queue. 
Management: 
Thanks, Umang. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Achal Lohade with 
Nuvama Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Achal Lohade: 
Yeah, good afternoon, team. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, two 
questions. If you could call out what is the A&SP spend, absolute, for the 
current quarter and the last year same quarter? And what kind of spend we 
are looking at for the full year? 
Management: 
Hi, Achal. Achal, so we don't give the breakup at a quarter level as far as A&SP 
spend is concerned. But I think I'll give some color on this. I think first, at an 
overall year level, we do expect our A&SP spends to be ahead of revenue 
growth. So that is something that we are planning for. 
Bulk of these spends are going to be directed very, very specifically on two 
things. One is in-store presence, which is our availability and our visibility 
inside the stores, having more sales promoters, etc., and the second part is 
in driving more consumer finance adoption. And you will see that the 
common pattern in both of them is that it's about getting more and more 
consumers to convert into an Aquaguard purchase. 
So it's going to be very, very focused investment that we will be doing. Over 
the past couple of years, we believe we've invested adequately behind the 
brand and we believe now is a stage where it's about converting the customer 
at the point of purchase. But big picture, you should expect our A&SP spends 
to increase ahead of revenue growth as far as FY27 is concerned, but in very, 
very targeted spaces. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. The second question I have just on the services piece. So, there 
are two parts to this question. One, you mentioned about the liability part 
which will get recognized in FY27 given the deferral accounting. If you could 
clarify on that in terms of whether it will have a positive impact on the overall 
services growth for the year? 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 26 
 
Number two, is that given the weaker bookings, right, did that help in terms 
of protecting the margins? Because in last year, given it was the initial year 
for the services piece, you had called out that upfront impact is actually more 
negative than positive at the EBITDA margins. So, if you could clarify on both 
these aspects, please. 
Management: 
Yes, Achal. On the first question, yes, the service liability does help in, in 
getting revenue in FY27 and consequentially driving growth. At this point in 
time, the visibility that is there is that we do expect our growth to continue 
beyond quarter one as well. 
Having said that, for a revenue growth to translate, it does require in-year 
bookings to come in as well. And given that there is a relative softness that 
we've seen and these are initial signs that we've seen as far as AMC bookings 
are concerned, that impact would play out towards the later part of the year. 
Having said that, at the same time, we continue to see growth in our filter 
business. So, there is a compensating effect which is there. But big picture at 
this point in time, the visibility that we have is that from a service revenue 
growth perspective, we expect our Q2 level growth to be similar to what 
we've seen in Q1 and not very, very different. But beyond that, we'll have to 
see how bookings go and how the filter business scales up. 
To your second question on softer bookings, whether it helps in service 
charge, yes, it does indeed help to some extent, and there is a translation of 
that in the service charge increase so there is an element which comes to play 
but is not a very, very large impact to drive overall profitability for the 
quarter. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. And just a clarification on the filter business, does it come with the 
similar margins or it comes at a slightly lower margin? 
Management: 
From a gross margin perspective, it is slightly lower than AMC, but not very 
off. A filter is also a relatively high gross margin business. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. Thank you. I have more questions, but I'll fall back in the queue. Thank 
you. 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 26 
 
Management: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta with IIFL 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Hi, good afternoon everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Firstly, sir, you 
mentioned in the products business on the market share gains aspect. Just 
trying to understand, is there any angle here of other players who might be 
struggling due to some supply chain disruptions that happened in Q1 because 
of the West Asia crisis, which might have resulted in this quarter market share 
gain? Or is it more like organic your own initiatives and efforts which are 
leading to this gain? 
Management: 
Sameer, thank you for the question. Our market share gains in Q1 in water 
came on the back of strong consumer propositions, enhanced investments in 
point of sale through greater promoters, more visibility and disciplined 
execution. There was no element of a supply constraint from anybody else, 
which led to this increase. It was very, very competitive field playing field in 
Q1, like it has been in the past. And it was in that context that we gained 
market share. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it sir. that’s very clear. Second question is in the initial remarks, you 
mentioned about EBITDA margin for this year, the aspiration to make it in line 
with last year. And you also mentioned that the price hikes taken, there is no 
real plan to take any more as long as the absolute is covered. A&SP also you 
plan to do more than revenue growth. So, just wondering how the margins 
would be maintained? Is it a year where you would like to squeeze the cost 
or there are some optimization programs in place specifically for this year? 
Just some color on that aspect. 
Management: 
Yes, Sameer. No, it's a great question. And before I get into the full-year view, 
I think just for clarity, when you look at the quarter one margins, you see a 
drop of roughly 50 basis points. You would have noticed something similar 
even in last year. And the reason for that is we consciously upfront our 
growth investments. So, that's a very, very conscious choice so that we get 
the full impact during the course of the year. Hence, to that extent, quarter 
one for us is always a more than usual increase in A&SP spends that we do. 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 26 
 
So, that's point number one. The reason why I'm calling it out is that it would 
not be a similar trajectory in every single quarter. So, that's one. 
Having said that, I think two or three points. Definitely, we've got multiple 
work streams at play, covering both COGS and our operating expenses. So 
that's an ongoing exercise and our focus is on driving efficiencies to come into 
play. The second is higher growth definitely leads to operating leverage. So, 
even if you were to disaggregate this particular quarter, you see an adjusted 
EBITDA margin drop of 46 basis points. There is a 131 basis points of gross 
margin drop, which is there. And despite higher A&SP investments, you see 
operating leverage compensate everything else. So that's the math which is 
there. 
So, on one hand, you've got a gross margin drop and higher A&SP investment, 
but growth is making sure that operating leverage is addressing most of it. 
So, we believe that with a combination of stepped-up growth that we are 
quite confident of and our ongoing cost initiatives covering both COGS and 
opex, we should be able to land margins in line with what we are aiming for. 
And as the best reference point is same time last year, where we started the 
year with quarter one margins being down 46 basis points year-on-year, but 
we ended the year with a margin expansion of nearly 55 basis points. 
Sameer Gupta: 
That’s very, very clear sir. One last question, if I may squeeze in with your 
permission. 
Management: 
Go ahead. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Thanks. I know it might be a far fetch scenario, but just in case the prices were 
to correct, what would be our approach? Do we take reversal of the price 
hikes that we have already taken? How does this work in this industry? Is like 
whatever price hikes are done and whenever the commodity cost corrects, 
that is your gain to be had in the P&L or you do pass it on in some ways, 
maybe not MRP, but in some other ways? 
Management: 
Sameer, that's a great question, and I love your optimism. We are equally 
hopeful that some of the cost that we have seen start correcting. If and when 
it does, you can be sure that we will do whatever it takes to drive growth. As 
I said earlier in response to your earlier question, we operate in a competitive 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 26 
 
category. Therefore, if costs correct, we have to pass them on to consumers 
and make sure we stay competitive and drive growth and market share. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it sir. And that’s all from me. Thanks sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vikram Kotak with Ace 
Lansdowne. Please go ahead. 
Vikram Kotak: 
Yes, thank you so much team Eureka. I have two questions. One is our journey 
to 2030 on the EBITDA and sales, where are we right now at what juncture 
we are in terms of expanding product portfolio and also building the B2C 
platform? That's my question one. 
Management: 
Vikram, thank you for the question. As you're aware and as you just 
mentioned, we talked about our ambition for FY30 both on growth and in 
profitability. With the performance that we delivered in quarter one and with 
the plans that we have lined up for the rest of the year and beyond, we are 
confident of delivering to that ambition through FY30, both when it comes to 
top line and it comes to profitability. So, our ambition of 2x revenue from 
FY25 to FY30 and 3x EBITDA in the same period remains the North Star for us, 
and we remain confident of delivering that. 
When it comes to our B2C ambition, again, just to step back and remind 
ourselves why B2C becomes relevant in our context, even more so. We are in 
many ways, India's oldest B2C company, albeit in a very physical way when 
we have access to consumer zones. We had access for 40 years now, both in 
the direct sales context and also in the regular post-sales servicing context. 
We have the first-party data of 15 million customers. 
And we know their needs, we know we have data and analyze their 
requirements, etcetera. These are happy customers. These are customers 
who trust us. So, by building a D2C engine, we also have, as you're aware, a 
strong digital platform, which we built in the last three years. We have nearly 
2.5 million monthly active users, and that's organic traffic that's been very 
valuable. Our objective is to make sure we use these assets and the strengths 
that we've got to drive increased cross-selling. 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 26 
 
Our multiple category ownership is less than 1% right now. So how do we 
make sure that we drive cross-category and cross-selling to our installed base 
of users, also to drive faster upgrades and replacements of Aquaguard itself. 
So that is the strategic logic behind driving D2C. 
We're happy with the progress we made, both last year and indeed even in 
quarter one. We saw strong growth come to us from our D2C engine. And we 
have a specific set of initiatives in play for the balance of the year to scale this 
up even further.  
As you can imagine, this asset and this base of customer data is not available 
to most other durable companies and certainly not to our competitors. And 
we therefore we find this very, very valuable and we intend to increase our 
D2C play in the quarters to come. 
Vikram Kotak: 
Right, right. And certain question on the robo vacuum cleaners. A new 
market, not very old market and very preferred by the Gen X and the people 
who are working class. Where do you see three years later this market 
because right now I see a product ranging from 10,000 to 1,30,000 and there 
are imported, there are Eureka is the strongest player. 
But how do you see a competitive landscape in three years? What is your 
going to be USP because I know you have great brand value, you have great 
customer service company. But where do you see the three-year landscape? 
Is pricing going to go down? 
How do you envisage the three-year from now, the robo market? Looks like 
a great category. But I think how the pricing, how the competitive intensity, 
how the landscape will play out? Can you throw some light on that, its little 
long-term question? Thank you. 
Management: 
No. Thanks Vikram, that's a really good question and a question very close to 
my heart. Robotics as a segment, as you mentioned, is a segment with 
momentum. It delivers a convenience and a solution which is analogous in 
many ways to washing machines, what washing machines delivered 25-30 
years back. 
Vikram Kotak: 
Yeah. 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 26 
 
Management: 
It replaces manual labor. It gives a Plan B for the homemaker when the maid 
doesn't turn up. And we've seen this category grow consistently across the 
country, number one. Number two, this category, I think the greatest proof 
of its potential is the fact that this category is now moved from being a merely 
online category to now growing aggressively offline as well 
We are seeing modern trade chains show significant growth, both a national 
chain as well as regional chains. We are seeing some of the top traditional 
trade outlets also show strong growth in traction for the category. 
Yeah. So, I think this category is going to be momentous. As the market leader 
in this category, our right to win comes from three or four things. First one is 
ensuring we have a full portfolio play in this segment. Because there is a 
customer, imagine all categories, who's a value-conscious consumer looking 
for a very specific Plan B solution, which is convenient when needed, cleaning 
when needed. 
To a customer who wants a fully automated, fully convenient cleaning 
solution, which will end up being their Plan A itself. They may not have 
domestic help to come to clean. And that will span a price point from 
between INR15,000 to INR75,000, INR80,000, 1 lakh rupees like you said.  
We intend to have a portfolio that spans the entire continuum, much like we 
do in water right now. So, therefore, our right to win comes from having that 
full stack portfolio, number one. Number two, an understanding of the Indian 
consumer need and the Indian consumers' cleaning needs, and therefore 
curating functionalities and features which speak to that. 
For example, corner cleaning, cleaning under sofas. Carpet cleaning is not 
such an important use case for India for obvious reasons, unlike in Europe or 
in the US. But some are the others dust cleaning, very superior dust cleaning 
efficacy becomes a very important feature for India, for instance.  
Vikram Kotak: 
Right. 
Management: 
So A, like I said, a full stack portfolio; B, having features curated for the Indian 
consumer's needs. Number three, ensuring that we leverage our vast service 
network because this is an expensive product, and therefore customers, 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 26 
 
when they enter the category are looking for reliable service and knowing 
that there is a service network close at hand. 
So that's the third part which gives us a right to win. Our own service network 
that we have across the country 19,500 pin code, that will be strengthened, 
and that is being strengthened to service robotics as well. Fourth, our brand 
reputation, Eureka Forbes is as stronger a brand as Aquaguard and bringing 
that equity to bear will again give us the right to win. 
Fifth, I think the entire point about D2C. The fact that we have a database of 
15 million customers, many of them would be early adopters of new 
categories and innovations. I think this is a great chance for us to reach out 
to them and cross sell some of these categories. 
Also, building on  to that Vikram, the fact that we have feet on street as well. 
So, we have a fleet of direct sales employees and salespeople who can 
actually go to the customer's homes and do a physical demo. A large service 
network, who can do exactly the same thing. 
So, put all these strengths together, I think it becomes a very compelling 
playbook. And last but not the least, our strong offline presence. Let's say, a 
newcomer who comes, let's say, a Chinese brand comes in, it's easy for them 
to play nearly online. If it's an Amazon, Flipkart, they can do that easily. Entry 
barriers are much lower. 
When it comes to offline going to 3,000 outlets across the country, having 
point-of-sale visibility, having point-of-sale promoters, of course, service, I 
think that's a very, very hard strength to replicate quickly. 
So all of these put together give us, we believe, a strong right to win in this 
category and which is exactly why we said that by FY30, this will be INR1,000 
crores business for us going forward. 
Vikram Kotak: 
Yeah. That sounds very passionate and an elaborative reply. Thank you, thank 
you Pratik for that. Thank you so much. 
Management: 
Thank you, Vikram. 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 26 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mayur Parkeria with 
Wealth Managers (India) Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Good afternoon, sir. And thank you for taking my questions. I apologize for 
some noise at the background. I am traveling. So, if there are more 
disturbances, please let me know. I hope there is no problem right now. With 
that, actually I had two questions. 
One is on the long-term plan. Just wanted to understand, given the fact that 
services business is taking a little bit more time to show up on the revenue 
growth side, and when we say 2X revenue growth from for FY30, from an 
indexation perspective, is it right to understand that compared to FY25, the 
product revenues will actually grow much faster than the services CAGR 
which is going to come? 
And is it possible to give us some understanding from how will it play out let's 
say, will the product go 2.5x and this will go 1.5x or what our based on 
proportions which we have, what is the right way to look at this as we go 
ahead till the journey of FY30. 
Management: 
Mayur, thank you for the question. I think like, like you reminded me and like 
you said, our FY30 ambition is to drive a 2x revenue scale up versus FY25 and 
a 3X in EBITDA. This will come through growth in our core category of water 
purifiers and through the growth that we see in our emerging categories, 
specifically robotics, air purifiers and softeners. 
 
These categories, as I mentioned in my earlier remarks to Vikram as well, 
some of these categories are growing very, very strongly: robotics, for 
instance, or indeed, air purifiers, or softeners. So, these product segments 
are growing very, very strongly and we expect these categories to grow ahead 
of the average. 
 
So, as we look to FY30, between all these categories put together and the 
service growth, we deliver the revenue that we spoke about, which is 2x. The 
service mix may change depending on how the service growth plays out. But 
just to remind all of us, service is not just AMCs. We have a big opportunity 
in filters, which will grow well ahead of our AMC growth. 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 26 
 
 
And in many ways, our filter product is much like any other product. It's in a 
large TAM, large market with low penetration and where we have a low 
market share, but a large right to win. So, we expect filter growth to clock-in 
ahead of AMC growth, and therefore, between them, we expect the 2x 
revenue to be tuned up. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Okay. So, including the filters growth, we believe more or less, even our 
services part of the business that will continue to have 2x. Okay. Thanks 
Pratik. 
Management: 
Mayur, sorry. Services grew at a healthy pace between AMC and filters, and 
that's our conviction to FY30. Sorry, go on please. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Yeah. So, I have a question on margins. But before that, I forgot to say that 
the commercial on the filters is quite good. And I think we have hit the right 
cords and hope that the cost of ownership challenges, which is there in the 
overall product water purifier as well as in the services AMC, we see that 
playing out a little bit. 
 
Hope as far as the filters are concerned, we get the right pricing as we go 
ahead. And it's a very, very large as we understand. But hope you get the right 
pricing and the right cord and the commercials do the right thing. So wish you 
all the best with that. 
 
And question on margins, specifically, for this year, in the past we have been 
mentioning that in our journey to 3x profitability growth, the way to look at 
is we just see a 50-basis points kind of margin expansion every year as we go 
ahead in that. 
 
So now, for this year, specifically in that journey, will it be right to say that for 
this year that aspiration, Gaurav just mentioned in the last question that the 
way to look at just 50 basis points in first quarter but we ended with the 50 
basis points highs by the year ended. 
 
But for FY27, we said that we want to maintain the margins as we go ahead 
in line with the previous year. So, for this year, is it right to assume that the 
journey will be not there given the cost pressure, which we have been or 
continue to have aspiration to increase margin in line with just a clarification. 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 26 
 
Management: 
Mayur, I think from our perspective, the key part has been that over the last 
three years, we've consistently improved margins. So that always is our going 
position that, how do we land with a sustainable profitable growth. I think 
you'll appreciate that this year has been extremely unusual. I think what's 
happened on the commodity side and the forex side and the ongoing 
geopolitical crisis, which has not shown any signs of coming to a closure. So, 
I think it's an extremely unusual year that one is dealing with. 
 
And with that context, we believe that aiming to hold on to margins itself 
would be a very good outcome to achieve, because what it does is that with 
a bigger scale of business as you go into next year, you always get an 
opportunity then to kind of make up for it. So that's the way we are looking 
about it. Our goal position at this point in time, as I mentioned, is to aim for 
margins same as last year. 
Management: 
And Mayur, thank you for the feedback on the advertising campaign. I'll 
convey your appreciation to the marketing team, and I'm sure they'll be very 
happy. Thank you. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Anjali Mohata with 
Melania Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Anjali Mohata: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I have a one question. As a category is going, 
we can see a lot of new players coming in, so what will be Eureka Forbes 
strategy to defend the existing market share are factored in? And like, how 
has been the differentiate our products from peers? And just adding to this, 
now like you have increased the, first of all, AMC, so the total cost of 
ownership of only Eureka product also goes higher, so what is your outlook 
on this? 
Management: 
Anjali, thank you for the question. On the first point, I think it's important to 
first appreciate and recognize and we believe very strongly that if there are 
more competitors in the category, it creates excitement, it drives innovation, 
it creates much greater consumer interest, and therefore helps grow the 
category. And in a category like water purifier, which has low penetration, 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 26 
 
anything that helps stimulate growth, I think is great for the category. So, we 
welcome all competitors who enter the category. 
 
As India's largest and the most trusted water purifier brand, Aquaguard, I 
think, is at the forefront of driving innovation and driving category growth. 
We've got two strategic directions when it comes to water purifiers. 
 
The first one is to grow penetration to drive affordability both in terms of cost 
of entry, and then the cost of ownership, which is why we have affordable 
Aquaguard or Aquaguard Sure, which is the most affordable Aquaguard and 
most affordable water purifier in the category, which is aimed at attracting 
non-users into the category. 
Equally, we've launched a slew of products with two-year filter life. And more 
recently, like I said earlier on the call, 2 products in e-commerce with a 4-year 
filter life and a 4-year life and a 4-year unconditional warranty. We will again 
address the issue of cost of ownership, so that's on the driving penetration 
part of it and reducing the barriers to entry. 
Equally, there are customers and consumers who are looking for premium 
solutions who are looking for differentiated solutions. For them, we have a 
range of premium and differentiated offers. Let me give you 2 examples. We 
launched a couple of years ago, India's first water purifier with instant water. 
Last year, we launched India's only water purifier that gives hot, cold and 
ambient water. We have India's largest range of smart connected IoT-based 
water purifiers. 
We also have a very, very competitive and advantaged under-the-counter 
product for modular kitchen, so then both by driving penetration and while 
driving differentiation and premiumization, we intend to stay competitive 
and to stay at the forefront of driving growth. I think the last point I want to 
underline is that when we look at this category, we do not navigate and we 
do not look at competitors. As category leaders, our sites are focused 
maniacally on the consumer, looking at what the barriers are, looking what it 
takes to drive growth and drive behavior change. And that's where we will 
remain. 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 26 
 
Notwithstanding the entry of other players, like I said earlier on the call, in 
quarter 1, we have grown market share, just telling you how competitive we 
are and how focused we are. We have to be agile. We have to be aggressive. 
We have to be customer and consumer obsessed and work back from there. 
We cannot be like an incumbent company. We have to be like an agile start-
up. And that's exactly the way our entire team are working. 
Anjali Mohata: 
I do get this. But the numbers for FY23 to FY26, showing the percentage of 
11.3%, revenue growth per year, so is there any increase in the market share 
as you are seeing that we are being aggressive in our approach as well? So, 
the numbers don't show that. 
Management:  
Yeah, go on please, Anjali. Go on. I thought you had finished. Please go on. 
Anjali Mohata: 
No, no. You can please go on. 
Management: 
Anajali, thanks for pointing that out. Let me also sort of give you the context, 
historical context in this category. This category of water purified that is in a 
very little growth in the year until FY23. FY24 onwards, when we started 
doing a number of initiatives, for example, launching India's most affordable 
Aquaguard, driving consumer awareness about the harmful effects of 
drinking unpurified water or water purified only by Aqua's filters that 
encourage seeing category growth. So, we have seen an acceleration in 
category growth over the last few years, not just in water, but also in the 
emerging categories. 
Looking ahead to the future, you might have seen our presentation on the 
website that we made at the Investor Day where we've spoken about our 
ambition of reaching a 2x revenue scale by FY30, which over a 5-year period 
would have a CAGR of 17% to 18%. And as I mentioned earlier on the call, 
that would mean that the product would be even higher than this. So, I think 
it's important to recognize and remember the context on some of these 
numbers. But like I said, our focus is on growing and growing by navigating 
by the consumer and making sure we stay at the edge of innovation and drive 
growth and drive share. 
Anjali Mohata: 
Just squeezing in a last question. So, like what is the plan -- how do we 
increase our operational efficiencies in the upcoming quarters since there's a 

 
 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 26 
 
hike in the AMC prices also? So, there's going to be less or moderate growth 
in terms of new customers entering in as an AMCs. 
Management: 
No, Anjali, that's a really good question. And absolutely, as Gaurav mentioned 
on the call earlier, I think we have a very focused and a very deliberate 
planned intervention aimed at reducing wastage and driving greater 
efficiencies. So, in every part of the business, we are taking a totally clinical 
look at all costs and ensuring that we use technology, we use the power of 
data, processing is required, more recently also begin to use AI to find areas 
of efficiency. And that's a very, very focused work stream, which will help us 
drive reduce wastage and drive efficiencies. But thank you for that question. 
Anjali Mohata: 
Thank you so much for patiently answering all my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for 
today. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Pratik Pota for 
closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Pratik Pota: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for your questions and for tuning into the 
call today. I hope we were able to answer the questions and give some of our 
insights. If you have any follow-up questions or if you need more information, 
please do circle back to us and to Nupur, and we'll be happy to revert to you. 
Thank you so much and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Eureka Forbes Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Note: This document has been edited to improve readability. 
Contact Information: 
Ms. Nupur Agarwal – Head – Investor Relations 
Email ID: investor.relations@eurekaforbes.com  
 
 
Regd. & Corporate Office: 
B1/B2, 7th Floor, 701, Marathon Innova, 
Ganpatrao Kadam Marg, 
Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 
 
Corporate Identification No: L27310MH2008PLC188478 
