 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q1 FY2015 Concall Transcript 
1 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
Q1 FY 2015 Conference Call  
August 04, 2014 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and Gentlemen good day and welcome to the Godrej Properties Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participants’ lines will be in the listen 
only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference please 
signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone telephone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop 
Poojari of CDR India. Thank you and over to you. 
Anoop Poojari 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us on Godrej 
Properties’ Q1 FY2015 results conference call. We have with us Mr. Pirojsha 
Godrej, Managing Director & CEO; Mr. KT Jithendran, Executive Director; Mr. V. 
Srinivasan, Executive Director; and Mr. Rajendra Khetawat, CFO of the Company. 
We will begin the call with opening remarks from the management following which 
we will have the forum open for an interactive question and answer session. 
Before we begin this call I would like to point out that some statements made in 
today’s call may be forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has 
been included in the conference call invite e-mailed to you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Pirojsha Godrej to make his opening remarks.  
Pirojsha Godrej 
Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us on Godrej Properties' Quarter 
1 Financial Year 2015 conference call. I will begin by discussing the highlights for 
the first quarter and we then look forward to taking your questions and 
suggestions. 
 
In terms of Godrej Properties’ financial performance, our total income for the first 
quarter was up by 49% and stood at Rs. 363 crore and our net profit for the quarter 
grew by 16% to Rs. 46 crore. 
On the business development front, we added a new project in Gurgaon. The 
project in Sector 79 is well connected to National Highway-8 and the proposed 
Southern Periphery Road and will yield around 1.6 million square feet of saleable 
area. This is the third project added through our residential investment platform 
and our fifth project in NCR.  
I am happy to note that GPL in Q1 registered an increase of 82% in the volume of 
sales bookings and closed the quarter with approximately 1.1 million square feet of 
sales. The total value of sales in the first quarter stood at Rs. 824 crore which 
represent a 36% year-on-year increase. Residential sales growth for the quarter 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q1 FY2015 Concall Transcript 
2 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
was 141% in area terms and 260% in value terms. We have had a great beginning 
to calendar year 2014 from a sales perspective. Our total sale for the first half of 
calendar year 2014 at nearly Rs. 1,900 crore is almost equal to our sales in all of 
calendar year 2013.  
The response to our new project launches in Gurgaon and Pune has been 
excellent. At Godrej Oasis in Gurgaon, we were able to sell more than 200 
apartments or approximately 350,000 square feet with a booking value of Rs. 251 
crore in the quarter at a time when the Gurgaon real estate market has been quite 
challenging. This launch was executed within 8 months of signing the development 
agreement and several months ahead of our target launch date. We successfully 
launched Godrej Prana in Pune and sold 125 apartments or nearly 100,000 square 
feet of space in the first quarter. Godrej Prana was launched almost exactly one 
year after we added the project to our portfolio. We also had a successful launch of 
the second phase of Godrej Central in Chembur where we sold approximately 75% 
of the launched inventory within a few weeks yielding a project booking value of 
Rs. 268 crore in the first quarter. We have now sold over 550,000 square feet of 
space worth over Rs. 800 crore in the four months since the launch of the project. I 
am also happy to note that all the approvals for the project have been received 
and construction on the project is now on in full swing and we expect this project to 
reach the revenue recognition threshold within the current financial year. We look 
forward to the continued success of this project and to the launch of our 
equivalent-sized adjacently-located project in the months ahead. Aside from new 
launches, we also saw heavy sales across our portfolio with existing residential 
projects and delivered the first tower of Godrej Platinum, our first residential project 
in Vikhroli. 
Our commercial project sales performance for the quarter was mixed. In Kolkata, 
we completely sold all the remaining inventory in our project, Godrej Waterside. 
We will aim to replicate the strong success we have seen in Godrej Waterside in 
our other two older commercial projects in Kolkata and Chandigarh. At Godrej 
BKC, while we were disappointed to not close any transactions in the first quarter, 
the lead pipeline for the project is healthy and is growing considerably with 
improved economic outlook and business sentiment. We are confident of another 
good year of sales at Godrej BKC. 
I am encouraged to see an improvement in sentiment in the country with the 
formation of the new central government and we are confident that all the work we 
have been doing to build the scale of our business and strengthen our process and 
the systems will hold us in good stead as the overall economy and the real estate 
sector pick up in the months ahead. After the challenging environment over the last 
couple of years, it would be a pleasant change for us to have a supportive 
macroeconomic tailwind behind us.  
On that note, I conclude my remarks and I would like to thank you all for joining us 
on this call. We would now be happy to discuss any questions, comments, or 
suggestions you may have. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question 
and answer session. The first question is from Yash Ved of India Infoline. Please 
go ahead. 
Yash Ved 
Sir, what are the new project launches and outlook on real estate prices? 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q1 FY2015 Concall Transcript 
3 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pirojsha Godrej 
We have several new launches planned. At the beginning of the year, we guided 
that we want to do a 15-16 launches in this financial year and that guidance 
remains on track. Of that, in the first quarter, we were able to launch 4 new 
projects including 2 new projects and 2 new phases in existing projects. 
The launch calendar for the rest of the financial year looks quite robust as well. We 
have several important launches especially here in Mumbai. We hope to launch 
the residential portion of ‘The Trees’ in Vikhroli by the end of the financial year. We 
hope to launch the Panvel township. And the other big launch for this financial year 
will be the second redevelopment project in Chembur. The first one was launched 
as I mentioned in my remarks in February and we have seen very good success in 
that project. So of the combined size of our 1.5 million square feet in the two 
projects, we have launched and sold about 550,000 square feet so far. I think it will 
continue to be an important launch for us. Aside from that, we have some smaller 
launches in Mumbai like our redevelopment project in Byculla.  
We also have several launches that we hope to execute in other parts of the 
country including Bangalore, NCR, Pune etc. and of course new phases in most of 
the existing projects. So I think the launch calendar is looking quite good. Of 
course all of these are linked to approvals. The positive news is this year unlike 
last year, we are off to a good start and are proportionately already ahead from a 
launch perspective in Q1.  
Yash Ved 
On the real estate prices front? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
My honest answer is I have very little idea. It is very hard to project prices in the 
short term particularly since different micro markets, different cities and different 
areas within cities have different dynamics on supply demand and other factors. 
So in totally honesty, I have no idea what the short term pricing outlook would be. 
Broadly speaking on a medium term, the expectation is that the prices should 
continue to do quite well given I think a very difficult time for the industry is 
hopefully behind us. And I think with the pickup in sentiment already having 
happened and hopefully with the pickup in GDP growth and reduction in interest 
rate on the way, we are all set for a better period for the sector. But I also think that 
far more important than price increases will be volume increases for the sector as 
a whole. I am quite happy with our own volumes, but certainly there is a huge room 
for improvement for the sector. So that is what we will be looking closely at over 
next year. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Puneet Gulati of HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Puneet Gulati 
I wanted to understand what is the primary reason for net debt to go up this 
quarter. Was there any big land parcel or any land charges built into this year, this 
quarter? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
There was not one but a culmination of several factors. We had made Rs. 170 
crore of payments for land development rights and stamp duty on various projects. 
And while the new launches we have been doing, obviously are getting inflows to 
the Company, there is also usually around the time of the launch which is when the 
final approvals are being received, government charges to be paid and things like 
that. So those have added up. So as I said, the payment for example for the land 
for The Trees; payments for Godrej Central, our redevelopment project; some 
charges on BKC and joint venture payment for our Pune project, those in all added 
up to about Rs. 170 crore. And then we had some other advances to JV partners 
of another about Rs. 40 crore. So I think those were some of the reasons. 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q1 FY2015 Concall Transcript 
4 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Puneet Gulati 
And secondly you were also sticking to the launch for Godrej City Panvel, is there 
any clarity now on what area you would be allowed to work upon.  
Pirojsha Godrej 
Unfortunately, there isn’t. There is a little bit of a gap in the policies that Urban 
Development Ministry has and CIDCO, which is the agency that is planning the 
NAINA (Navi Mumbai Airport Influence Notified Area) area under which our 
township falls. That won’t hold back the launch definitely of the first few phases of 
the project. So that is, of course, an important medium term thing to get clarified 
and unfortunately that is not yet clarified, but the launch of the project can go 
ahead without that. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Gunjan Prithyani of JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
Firstly, I just wanted to get some clarity on the margins. They continued to stay 
weak. I do understand that this was because of lower realizations in the BKC 
project. But I just wanted to get some sense on when do you see really margins 
improving. Which are the key projects and when they start contributing to the P&L? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Gunjan, thanks for the question. I think it is fair to say that the margin profile of the 
Company for projects before Godrej BKC and including BKC is going to look quite 
different from the projects that have come subsequently, including projects like 
Godrej Summit, Godrej Central in Mumbai, Godrej Oasis which we just launched in 
Gurgaon and all of the profit sharing and development management fee projects 
we either have launched or are in the process of launching. So we have admitted 
that our older revenue sharing agreement margins are not where we would ideally 
like them to be, our commercial project margins are not where we like them to be. I 
think the visibility on medium term margin improvement is extremely strong given 
the structure of all our projects. The fact that they are all in the residential space 
and are in structures where even if things do not go ideally, the margins are pretty 
well protected. So I think there are several projects including Godrej Platinum in 
Kolkata, Godrej Summit in Gurgaon, Godrej Central here in Mumbai, all of which 
we expect to contribute to the P&L this year, that will boost margins. But I certainly 
think that at the same time there are a set of older projects that continue to be a 
drag on margins. I think with the deal structures we are entering into and the way 
the portfolio is growing, we are confident again of much higher than industry 
average medium to long-term margins. But certainly there will be a little bit of 
volatility in the short term as some of these older projects work themselves into the 
P&L.  
Gunjan Prithyani 
Sure and secondly on your commercial projects, if you could give some sense on 
what is happening with the other two projects in Kolkata and Chandigarh and how 
much cash flows can really come from these two projects and also in terms of the 
Waterside project, has the entire cash flow come in or we are still expecting some 
inflows? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
So the two projects you mentioned in Chandigarh and Kolkata are both in a fairly 
advanced stage of construction. One in Chandigarh is essentially complete from a 
construction point of view, we are just awaiting the Occupation Certificate after 
which we are hoping the monetization of that project can pick up pace. The one in 
Kolkata, we have to complete the project and get the OC hopefully by the end of 
the financial year and again similar logic there post the end of construction, we 
tend to see a better ability to monetize them. I think the current capital employed 
between the two of them there is Rs. 400 crore. What we get back will depend on 
the value at which these are monetized. But certainly, I think after a period where 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q1 FY2015 Concall Transcript 
5 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
we were very unsuccessful across the commercial portfolio, the fact that Godrej 
Waterside has seen a full monetization in two quarters is a fairly positive 
development. Hopefully now there is a slight pickup in sentiment, we can replicate 
that success in these other two projects. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
How much is the cash flow yet to come in from the Waterside project? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
We have about Rs. 100 crore to be received this financial year and from that about 
Rs. 30-40 crore was received in Q1 and most of the rest of it is expected this 
quarter. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
Okay, so around Rs. 70-80 crore more to come in, is it? 
Rajendra Khetawat 
Bulk of it will come. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Rs. 60-70 crore, something like that, yes. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
And lastly Pirojsha, just wanted to get your sense on what is happening in terms of 
new project acquisition because we see a lot of news around Godrej discussing 
about acquiring some parcels in prime locations in Mumbai. So I wanted to get a 
sense on what is your comfort level in terms of how big an acquisition can you look 
at. The biggest one which we saw was BKC. Are we okay to do that big a 
transaction because given our balance sheet is I think from a net debt perspective, 
I do not think we have much scope to take on large acquisitions at this point of 
time. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Certainly we remain keen to add new projects. Over the last three years, hopefully 
you have got a good sense of the type of projects we would like to add to the 
portfolio. We are quite happy to report that almost all of these projects that we 
have added and launched have met with strong success.  
I think I know what news reports you are referring to, those were as we clarified not 
really correct. At any given time, we are in discussion for probably something like 
150-200 different properties in various parts of the country. Obviously most of 
those discussions do not end in successful closure. But while I expect us to see 
incremental new project additions, I do not expect any of them to be heavy 
investment kind of projects. I think you should look more towards the type of 
projects we have been adding over the last 2-3 years and that will be the type of 
projects we will add.  
Even Godrej BKC, we sort of clarified in some forums that the project in its current 
form was really not how we intended it. We thought we had simultaneously entered 
into an agreement that would have essentially made this project a development 
management fee project. So it does look like a very big outlier rather from capital 
intensity perspective. But again I think the good thing there is that it’s a project 
where lot of capital has been committed, it is in a prime location, it is a project we 
think certainly can be monetized relatively quickly. And it is going to actually be a 
source of cash flows for us to invest into other new projects. But certainly you 
should not expect to see and will not see any investments of that size or anyway 
near that size into individual projects. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Puneet Jain of Goldman Sachs. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q1 FY2015 Concall Transcript 
6 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Puneet Jain 
My question is essentially with respect to Godrej BKC and margins. So given the 
fact that increase in the revenues in this quarter came from BKC, what is the kind 
of margins you are looking at from this project? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Puneet, what we have indicated on the project is that the first part of project we 
would like to focus more on securing sales, getting in cash from the project and 
push for margins later on in the project. Clearly, the margins at current prices of 
what we have been selling at are nothing worth talking about. They are sort of low 
single digit kind of margins. But certainly our hope is that this can be picked up 
overtime, but our focus will continue to be on monetizing the project and really 
looking at the opportunity cost of the capital deployed in the project and how 
productively we think we could deploy that capital on the residential side. 
Puneet Jain 
So since your sale price is more like Rs. 24,000 per square feet or range about, 
and land cost is in the region of Rs. 10,000 per square feet. So why does the 
margins remain in low single digits? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
The all-in cost excluding interest cost is about Rs. 20,000 per square foot on the 
project. The way we are currently accounting for it is making a budgeted estimate 
of the interest cost till the end of the project. So of course if we are able to 
monetize faster than current plan and get those cash flows in faster, there could be 
some upsides on that. But a large reason for the low margin is the interest cost 
that we are currently factoring in which is basically the gap between the number 
you mentioned and Rs. 20,000 approximate development cost. 
Puneet Jain 
Rs. 20,000 includes the interest cost or excludes. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Does not exclude. 
Puneet Jain 
Sir, what proportion of this Rs. 20,000 per square feet will be TDR cost? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I do not know the exact breakdown. The main costs are the existing costs that 
were on the projects from the time Jet Airways was developing it, the incremental 
FSI costs that we have to pay to MMRDA including all the development premium 
charges and other things and the construction cost. So those are the main buckets 
other than the interest cost. I can ask Rajendra to give you the detailed breakdown 
separately or we can even get it now. 
Puneet Jain 
I can take it later. Second will be with respect to your capital structure. Given the 
fact that you still want to add on  new projects and your debt equity ratio is 
currently close to 1:1. Do you think that you would like to fund incremental projects 
raising further equity or through operating cash flow and if it is operating cash flow, 
when do you think you can break into positive territory for operating cash flow? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think it is a good question Puneet. Clearly the goal is to do it from operating cash 
flow. That said, if you look at it, the reasons if at all our balance sheet is not in the 
exact shape, it is not because of the new projects we have been adding with very 
limited advances that are getting launched quite quickly and quite successfully and 
will play a key part in improving our operating cash flows. But clearly on some of 
the older projects which have locked in too much capital, I think the good thing is 
that the visibility on unlocking capital from those older projects is much stronger 
than it has been and my expectation is that while given Godrej BKC’s outflow 
requirement this financial year will continue to have some drag on operating cash 
flows. From next financial year onwards, we expect to be quite strongly cash flow 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q1 FY2015 Concall Transcript 
7 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
generative. We are certainly not looking at any kind of equity dilution in the 
foreseeable future. 
Puneet Jain 
And finally there was a large other income jump in this quarter. What was it 
account for? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
This was some of the rights issue fund that we parked in mutual funds and 
redeemed some of that to down-pay some of the debt. So that was the bulk of that. 
Puneet Jain 
So it was around Rs. 311 million. So there were some bulky interest payments 
which came in this quarter, I guess. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Yes, it is about Rs. 25 crore or so. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Bharat Sheth of Quest Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth 
Pirojsha, any improvement in regulatory environment in Mumbai region? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think there is some discussion where people are trying to move things and all 
that. It is a little early to say whether there is any major change around, we haven’t 
noticed anything too dramatic. Frankly, it remains the market that is the most 
frustrating from an approval point of view.  
I think one of the positive developments for the Company is that in almost every 
other city, now approvals are coming faster than ever they have historically. Our 
launch in Gurgaon last quarter was done within 8 months of signing up the project. 
The one in Pune was in 12 months. Mumbai, last year had several major changes, 
fortunately, there has been nothing like that has happened so far. But it continues 
to be, I think the most challenging market from an approvals perspective. I think 
launching our first redevelopment project was of course a good and an important 
milestone for the Company. We are in very advanced stage of approvals in many 
other projects in Mumbai. So hopefully we would not have any further setbacks this 
year on that front. 
Bharat Sheth 
And looking at elections in the offing, do you expect that the things will be more 
clear only post election? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Not necessarily. But the frustration in Mumbai is more just everyday stuff and the 
time it takes to get decisions and the interactions within various agencies and so 
on. So I do not think that has much to do with the election, but certainly I think new 
government will come in hopefully with a fresh perspective and will be keen to kick 
start the economy and look at infrastructure and real estate as one key way to do 
that and hopefully we can see an improvement thereafter. 
Bharat Sheth 
There is a news item on the proposed tax on ready unsold flat. So any sense, how 
really it will affect the industry and particularly GPL? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I have not seen the report you mentioned. But GPL is carrying almost zero finished 
inventory on the residential side unlike one or two apartments in some projects 
where for whatever reason we want to hold on to them. So with the exception of 
some of these older commercial projects, even those actually now are not finished 
projects, but aside from that on the residential side, we have absolutely nothing. 
So I think no impact for us at all. I have to go through the details of what has been 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q1 FY2015 Concall Transcript 
8 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
proposed, but certainly for developers carrying inventories that I suppose would 
become a little bit of an extra cost. 
Bharat Sheth 
And last thing, in this presentation, we have reduced the size of this Godrej 
Platinum from earlier 0.62 million square feet to 0.48 million square feet. Any 
specific reason? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
We handed over one of the towers in that project. So one-fourth of the project is 
now delivered and therefore out of the inventory we look at and has been added 
into completed projects. 
Bharat Seth 
And any sales in new launch with joint venture, this development management 
with Godrej Boyce in near term? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
We hope to launch the fourth tower of the same project within the next couple of 
quarters. 
Bharat Seth 
And The Trees, you expect that we will be able to launch in this year? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Yes, we expect and hope to launch that in the fourth quarter. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Aashiesh Agarwaal of Edelweiss Securities. 
Please go head. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal 
Most of my questions have been answered. There is one question that we have on 
BKC more in a nature of a housekeeping question. So I understand the total Total 
Value of sales that we have done from the BKC project is about Rs. 650 crore and 
the percentage completed is about 30% which should mean that we should have 
booked about Rs. 200 crore in terms of revenues from the project and it is about 
Rs. 124 crore. Is that something that we could be reading wrong over here, throw 
some light on that? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
So that is totally correct, Aashiesh. I think the gap is there on one of the sales. We 
have not collected the cash required to cross the recognition threshold which will 
be collected this quarter. There was a certain milestone linked to that. That has 
now already been reached. So I think you will see quite significant revenue from 
BKC in the current quarter. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal 
And second in terms of your overall debt. Of course you did mention that you are 
not looking at any additional capital issuances and we are looking at operating 
cash flows to help us that will be in the next year. So for this financial year, can we 
say that there could be some further increases in debt from where we are standing 
today? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Yes, I think there will be in the short term increases linked to BKC outflows and as 
I said, I expect those to start becoming positive incrementally almost immediately. 
But on a sustained basis, I think we expect next financial year to be a very strongly 
cash positive year for us. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Arpit Jain of Arihant Capital Market. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q1 FY2015 Concall Transcript 
9 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Arpit Jain: 
I just wanted to ask what would be the impact of the increase in cost of cement in 
all the projects that we are doing and which one would be the least margin markets 
for us where this impact can be seen. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
No, I think these are things that obviously keep fluctuating in both directions. All 
our project budgets account for some amount of escalation in input cost for things 
like steel and cement. I do not think at the current level there is any reason to be 
alarmed that margins will be overly damaged by any short term increases. We will 
obviously keep an eye on that. But I think also a lot of work we have been doing is 
on structuring projects in ways where a lot of that cost is actually not to our 
account, will also help mitigate any risk from cost escalation. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Ritwik Sheth of Span Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ritwik Sheth 
I just have couple of questions. Firstly, on the Bangalore township which we have, 
the 100 acres project. How is the demand there and what is the stage of status on 
the construction? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
This is a project that we just added to our portfolio at the very end of fourth quarter 
of the financial year. Of course, we are quite away from any construction there. We 
are currently working on the approvals and design planning and so on. This is a 
project which hopefully we can kick off early next financial year. 
Ritwik Sheth 
And the second question is on the commercial portfolio, the Kolkata and the 
Chandigarh one. So how is it going over there like, do we see any signs of 
monetization going through in the next 2-3 quarters? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Frankly, I think nothing very visible that is worth talking about now. Certainly after 
the Occupation Certificate is in place, we do expect to be able to improve the 
transaction velocity there. Nothing really worth talking about at this stage. 
Ritwik Sheth 
And just broadly if you can tell us about the cities which are like NCR, Mumbai, 
Bangalore. What is the demand outlook and how is the scenario shaping out in the 
next 2-3 years? Which market would you expect to perform the best according to 
you? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think each market has its own dynamics and has its own ups and downs. Clearly, 
the Bangalore market for the last couple of years has been the one that perhaps 
has seen the best and steadiest volumes along with reasonable price increase 
along with inflation. So that demonstrated quite healthy characteristics and 
obviously something like Gurgaon has been quite a challenging market overall 
over the last year. Frankly personally, I would hesitate though to extrapolate this 
information too far. I think these things can change quite quickly. Obviously there 
are fundamental factors leading to that kind of performance. But for example in 
Bangalore, the strong performance of that market is leading to much more supply 
coming on stream including from developers like ourselves. So there might be a 
situation there where it is not as favorable as it has been in the last couple of 
years. And of course, when markets go through a weak period that can also bring 
supply under check which in turn can lead to improvement.  
I think the NCR market is one that is quite challenging, but it is also one which we 
are perhaps the happiest with over the recent past. Despite the tough market 
conditions, all our projects have fared very well. I think having a good brand and 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q1 FY2015 Concall Transcript 
10 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
reputation for being able to deliver is helping us greatly in that market. So that is a 
market, we are quite bullish on. We have several other launches in NCR slated for 
the rest of this financial year which we are quite confident will do well as the one 
we did in the first quarter.  
I think each market is a bit different, has its ups and downs but I think from our 
perspective, at least there is no market that we are overly worried about or think 
that we cannot successfully operate in over the short to medium-term. And we are 
looking at project additions and project launches across all major markets in the 
country. 
Ritwik Sheth 
And just one thing. In your comment in the opening remarks, you mentioned that 
we have seen a pickup in the sentiment. So have we seen any conversion from 
that like actualize  or just enquiries which are coming in and conversion is a bit on 
the lower side? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think now on the commercial side, there is more of a pickup in enquiries. 
Particularly for high value commercial project like BKC, the conversion process is 
something which can take time. And some of these deals are of the size which can 
equal for example our entire one year sales in the project in a single deal. So 
obviously those are not deals that will close very rapidly. But I think there is a 
noticeable difference we are seeing in the last 3-4 months in the level of interest 
particularly on the commercial side. I think the residential continues to be a little bit 
sluggish for the market as a whole, but we are very satisfied with the response all 
our new launches are getting. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Nitin Indani of Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Indani 
We have a significant amount of projects under construction now. The portfolio is 
of a sizeable nature and we also have a robust pipeline of launches. How about 
deliveries, do you have a similar kind of target in terms of the amount of space that 
you want to deliver on an annual basis. Have you reached a steady state where 
you can see or rather correlate that you can add certain number of square footage 
to your portfolio and at the same time deliver. How do you think about the portfolio 
as it is? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Nitin that is a great question. I think clearly the area where many developers who 
have attempted a similar scale up have faltered on the delivery side. We are quite 
cognizant of that and have spent most of the management time and attention 
making sure we are able to address that. I think there is early evidence of that in 
terms of our handing over phases in even large and complicated projects like 
Ahmedabad, Kolkata and the 1st Phase of our Vikhroli project along the timeline 
committed to our customers.  
Certainly, we are nowhere near a steady state in terms of deliveries. If you look at 
10-year growth of the Company, we have been growing revenues and profits at a 
compounded rate of about 50% a year. So clearly that implies a large amount of 
increase in the scale of operations. If you look at the last two financial years not 
including this quarter but FY14 and FY13, cumulatively we saw more in those two 
years than in the entire previous history of the Company which is 20 odd years. So 
clearly those sales are indicative of a large operational scale up that is going to be 
required on the delivery side. That is something we have been planning for 
extensively and we are confident of meeting the challenge. But of course this kind 
of growth is going to need constant work from the execution side and constant 
effort to redouble our capabilities on delivery.  

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q1 FY2015 Concall Transcript 
11 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
But I think so far we are quite confident of how things are going. We are delivering 
our projects along the broad timelines committed to our customers. We are not 
seeing any major areas of concern. But certainly as I said we are very cognizant of 
the fact that others have seen similar scale-ups on the sale side without managing 
the delivery part and that has led them into great difficultly. We are quite optimistic 
that we are successfully addressing that challenge. 
Nitin Adnani 
Thank you so much. Just a suggestion from my side. Much like your slide where 
you have the launch tracker, if you could even have a delivery tracker, it will help 
us a lot. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Great. Thank you for the suggestion. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Samar Sarda of Kotak Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Samar Sarda 
I had a few questions. One on the debt side, you mentioned you already had a 
plan with regards to the BKC project. Could you give us an indicative number what 
would be the peak debt on the BKC project during the project lifecycle? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I prefer not to give any guidance and it depends obviously on sales traction as well 
as timing of outflows and many other things. So I prefer not to do it. But we have 
about Rs. 1,200 crore currently deployed in the project at the end of Q1 and I do 
expect that in the short term to increase before it starts coming down. But I do 
think it can start coming down quite quickly thereafter. 
Samar Sarda 
Sure, this helps and on the two Chembur projects like Sahakar Nagar-I and II, 
what would be the total quantum of approval expenditure, like be it the MHADA 
payment, the fungible FSI like with regards to the total quantum what will be the 
number and over how many quarters or years would that be spread? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Samar, I do not think we have that information immediately available. I think most 
of it for Sahakar Nagar-I has already been incurred. There will be some payments 
for Sahakar Nagar-II, but I think at this stage, net-to-net these projects should be 
cash flow generative. There might be a slight outflow in one or two quarters. But 
these projects, as I said, should be cash flow generative and should actually over 
the next couple of years be throwing up a lot of cash for the Company. So I think 
those are not outflows that would not be met from the corresponding inflows. As I 
mentioned just on about one-third of the combined inventory of the two projects, 
we already achieved a booking value of Rs. 800 crore in the last 4-5 months. So 
we are quite happy with the way that is going. 
Samar Sarda 
And with regards to the Okhla project in Delhi, now that DDA has come up with 
some classifications with regards to converting industrial areas into residential, 
Okhla is one of it. So any indication whether it could happen in FY15 or the launch 
would be in FY16 only? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
It is definitely not going to be in FY15. So I think that will be in next financial year. 
Samar Sarda 
And just a small thing on the deliveries, which are the projects which could be 
delivered in FY15? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Several. We have Godrej One the commercial office building in Vikhroli. We will 
have Godrej Eternia in Chandigarh. We will have the 1st Phase of our residential 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q1 FY2015 Concall Transcript 
12 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
project in Nagpur. We will have our first project in NCR Godrej Frontier. We have a 
very large number of units to handover in Ahmedabad, part of the second phase 
and some of the third phase. Some amount of inventory in Godrej Prakriti in 
Kolkata as well. I think that covers it. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Sumeet Rohra of Silver Stallion. Please go 
ahead. 
Sumeet Rohra 
Many congratulations on sales in first half CY14 equaling to sales of CY13. 
Pirojsha, just I am not being over optimistic but I was just thinking we have got 
about 12 launches coming up from here till the end of FY15, so which basically 
means that it is possible that we can end up with about Rs. 6,000 crore of sales 
and about 5-6 million square feet if you extrapolate, is that correct? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Thank you for your optimism Sumeet. I think that number sounds a little high to 
me. Certainly I think the start to the year has gone very well as you rightly pointed 
out. We sold as much in the half year so far as we did whole of last year. I think 
each quarter at least if our approvals do come in along estimated timelines, we do 
have major launches slated for every quarter of this financial year including the 
current one and Q3 and Q4. So certainly hopefully we can have a strong 
continuation of the momentum we have seen in the first half of the year but I do not 
think we can quite get to the numbers you mentioned. 
Sumeet Rohra 
Okay sir. If I can ask you on an optimistic note, then of course I just want to have 
your thought process when do you think we can do the 8-10 million square foot? Is 
that possible in two years? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Sumeet, your 10 million square feet question is becoming 8 million square feet. 
Again, we have to get that pretty quick if the scale up we want to deliver is on plan. 
I think if we have another good year for business development as we hope we will 
have and as the economy starts to pick up, hopefully we are only a couple of years 
away from that kind of a number. But a lot will depend again on how approvals 
come in, how business development stays and of course how the overall sector 
performs. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Sameer Baisiwala of Morgan Stanley. Please 
go ahead. 
Sameer Baisiwala 
Pirojsha, I am on Slide #20 of your presentation. It is for the first time I think I have 
noticed that you have singled out the interest which is sitting in the cost of sales. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
That is correct. 
Sameer Baisiwala 
And it is quite a meaningful number, I think Rs. 38 crore so this is because of 
BKC? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
It is largely because of Godrej BKC. Also Godrej Waterside has a large interest 
component in the cost of sales. So we just wanted to clarify what the impact of the 
interest in Godrej BKC is on the overall numbers given the large scale of that 
project and large share of overall revenues. So we thought it would be a useful 
exercise to provide both this number and the reported EBITDA. 
Rajendra Khetawat 
And Sameer always there were questions in the past that we have been 
capitalizing. We have always been saying that as per the standards, as and when 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q1 FY2015 Concall Transcript 
13 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the project gets recognized, it gets expensed out through cost of sales. So this will 
give a clear indication that interest is being expensed out through cost of sales. 
Sameer Baisiwala 
And sir this is the first quarter when meaningful part is getting through the P&L. 
Rajendra Khetawat 
No, it has been always. But because commercial projects are recognized in this 
quarter. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think it is fair to say this quarter impact of this is more meaningful than it has been 
in the past. It has of course anytime even in Q4 for example when we had large 
sales in Waterside, certainly this would have been a very substantial part of that 
cost of sales. But you are perfectly correct in pointing out that this has increased all 
the more with BKC reaching revenue recognition. 
Sameer Baisiwala 
And second question which is about your upcoming launch for Platinum as well as 
The Trees and both are by and large in the same micro market. So would one be 
hurting the other or? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I do not think so, I mean Godrej Platinum is only one tower, it is about 160,000-
170,000 square feet. I do not look at that as a very challenging amount of 
inventory to monetize. So we will obviously have probably a slight gap between the 
two launches but I do not see them being much of a concern. I do not think 
launching both of them in the same year will be much of a concern. 
Sameer Baisiwala 
And one final question. Pirojsha, when you are sitting on the table negotiating for 
the new projects. Is there a big difference between ask from the land owners 
versus what you have been used to last 2-3 years. Would your economics be 
preserved going forward, or would this come down. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think our economics is very much preserved. Sameer, frankly I think our ability to 
strike deals is still looking quite strong. In some way in tough market conditions 
when many of our peers are not necessarily selling very well, I think the value that 
we bring to the table to the partner also becomes more clear. So I do not anticipate 
any change in the structure of our deals and we are seeing enough deals. We are 
quite happy to forego projects that are not in the most favorable structures and 
terms and stick to the ones that do meet our criteria. I do not see any major 
challenge in continuing to succeed in closing such projects. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Puneet Gulati of HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Puneet Gulati 
Sir, just following up. There seems to be no mention of what is happening in the 
Hyderabad project, if you can shed some light on that it will be great. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Essentially, we are status quo there. We are at very advanced stage and we think 
it is imminent, but it has not actually happened,  the conversion of that project from 
IT SEZ, to basically de-notifying the SEZ, which will then allow us to move ahead 
with that project as a residential project. So we had intentionally removed that 
project from our launch guidance of this year given the fact that this approval has 
taken a bit of time. Our current best estimate is that the project roughly should be 
launched next financial year. I am not saying I think we are not looking at that 
project as necessarily a very key project or key driver for growth but this is a large 
project from a volume perspective and obviously we are keen to get it launched. 
But I would not say that to us seems one of the most important projects in the 
portfolio. 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q1 FY2015 Concall Transcript 
14 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Puneet Gulati 
And in terms of the Nagpur project Phase-II? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
So our hope is that we will launch that even this quarter, but certainly well within 
the financial year, depending again on the approval timeline. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Manoj Dua. He is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Manoj Dua 
As we read in the print media that our real estate is suffering from lot of unsold 
finished as well as launch inventory. How much is Godrej comfortable with this 
unsold launch inventory and could this pose a threat to the Company’s plan to 
increase the ROE? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
We are extremely happy with the levels of inventory we are maintaining. I would 
guess that if it is one of, if not the single lowest level given the scale of sales of any 
of our peers. Actually finished inventory as a Company, we literally have virtually 
zero and there might be 10,000-20,000 square feet, if that. So finished inventory is 
as I said is almost zero and if you look at it, I think the indications we are giving on 
how much we are launching and what percentage of that we are selling should 
give a pretty good idea of the amount of inventory we are carrying. So for example 
in Gurgaon, last quarter we basically sold all the inventory we launched and 70% 
of the total inventory in that phase within the launch quarter itself. Very similar 
numbers in Pune and our project here in Mumbai. So I certainly do not think 
inventory is something that is a concern for us. 
Manoj Dua 
Okay, the projects are coming, delivery is fine and the inventory is also very low, 
then hope for the good future for Godrej Properties. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We will take our next follow up question from Bharat Sheth of Quest 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth 
Just one follow up question. When you spoke about this Hyderabad, so how is now 
pricing in Hyderabad post split of the state? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I do not think there is any major movement in pricing there. We have two projects 
in Hyderabad, the larger one which is the one we were talking about is very much 
a mid-income kind of project. So pricing there will be in the Rs. 3,000-3,500 a 
square foot kind of range at least currently. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Arpit Jain of Arihant Capital Market. Please 
go ahead. 
Arpit Jain: 
I just wanted to understand about the project which is launched in Ahmedabad. 
Since the project is little in outer area, what is really our sales strategy to look at 
the same amount of bookings to go forward? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
No, I think the project for a large township of this scale is actually exceptionally 
well located. I think the project has seen quite steady sales. The last quarter we 
sold over 100,000 square feet in the project. Clearly given the scale of the project, 
we would like to see even higher numbers. But I think the overall Ahmedabad 
market has not been very supportive of that in the short term. This project has 
been consistently over the last four years the highest selling project by some 
distance in Ahmedabad. We sold since the project was launched about 4.5 years 
ago almost 5 million square feet of space in the project. So we have on average 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q1 FY2015 Concall Transcript 
15 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
been running at a run rate of a million square feet a year. Although clearly the last 
couple of years have been under that run rate. We would like to obviously get the 
number back to about a million square feet a year. But frankly I think we will need 
a little bit more support from the real estate market in general for that to happen. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was our last question. I now hand the floor 
back to the management for closing comments. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I hope have we have been able to answer all your questions. If you have any 
further questions or would like any additional information, we would of course be 
happy to be of assistance. We hope to have your valuable support on a continued 
basis. On behalf of the team, I once again thank you for taking the time to join us 
today. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Godrej Properties Limited that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
- ENDS - 
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
