
 
 
Page 1 of 8 
 
 
 
Godrej Industries Limited 
Q1 FY15 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 12, 2014 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the earnings conference call of 
Godrej Industries Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal 
the operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari 
of CDR India. Thank you and over to you Mr. Poojari. 
Anoop Poojari 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Godrej 
Industries Q1 FY2015 earnings conference call. We have with us Mr. Adi Godrej – 
Chairman of Godrej Industries, Mr. Nadir Godrej – Managing Director, Mr. Pirojsha 
Godrej – Managing Director & CEO of Godrej Properties, Mr. Balram Singh Yadav 
– Managing Director of Godrej Agrovet, Mr. Nitin Nabar – Executive Director & 
President, Chemicals and Mr. Clement Pinto – Chief Financial Officer of the 
Company. 
We will begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, following 
which we will have the forum open for an interactive question and answer session. 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in this call 
may be forward looking and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the 
conference call invite sent out earlier. I would now like to invite Mr. Adi Godrej to 
make his opening remarks. 
Adi Godrej 
Good afternoon everyone. I welcome you to the Godrej Industries conference call 
to discuss the operating and financial performance for the first quarter ended     
June 30, 2014. I will take you through some of the key developments and 

 
Page 2 of 8 
 
operational highlights at each of our businesses followed by a summary of our 
financial results for the quarter. 
We are pleased to begin the new fiscal year on a bright note. At the consolidated 
level, we have performed well and our core businesses continued to deliver growth. 
In the first quarter, we reported sustain momentum in the Agri businesses despite 
delayed monsoon and registered a healthy topline and PBT growth of 16% and 
25% respectively as compared to the corresponding quarter last year. The revival 
of the monsoon in July is positive and we are closely watching the progress and 
the strength of the monsoon. In the interim, we are channelizing our efforts towards 
strengthening operational efficiencies across Agri verticals to mitigate any adverse 
fallout of overheads. Overall, the outlook for the Agri business remains robust given 
encouraging business prospects in the solid execution framework. 
In the Animal Feed segment – sales grew by 10% to Rs. 709 crore in the first 
quarter of this year as compared to the corresponding period last year despite a 
prolonged heat wave. I am pleased to share that in line with our emphasis on 
research and development, we launched a dedicated R&D centre on animal 
agriculture in Nashik.  
In the Oil Palm segment, robust volumes combined with operational efficiency 
during the quarter enabled us to deliver 46% growth in topline as compared to the 
corresponding quarter last year. Our focus on improving the oil extraction ratio in 
the quality of fruit purchase has started yielding results. 
Our Agri inputs business continues to perform strongly and has delivered a growth 
of 30% in revenue. This strong performance is backed by our strong product recall 
in the market for our in-house R&D developed products. Overall, while the short-
term outlook of this vertical is dependent of the normalized weather conditions, the 
long-term outlook is extremely buoyant with our focus on R&D and on developing 
innovative products. 
At Godrej Tyson, our strategy is to focus on building a brand based business. In 
line with this strategy, we continued to expand our product portfolio. During the 
quarter, we launched several new products under the ‘Real Good Chicken’ and 
‘Yummiez’ brands. 
Our other JV – ACI Godrej was impacted by volatility in input prices and adverse 
weather conditions in Bangladesh. This resulted in a 9% decline in sales during the 
quarter.  

 
Page 3 of 8 
 
The latest addition to our Agri portfolio, Godrej Seeds maintained its growth 
momentum. During the quarter, the topline of Godrej Seeds almost doubled to Rs. 
45 crore as compared to the corresponding quarter last year. We continue to 
strengthen our R&D and build on our sales and distribution capabilities which will 
enable us to tap the immense opportunities in the seeds sector in India. 
Godrej Consumer Products continues to perform satisfactorily in a tough operating 
environment while the Indian Household and Personal Care sector witnessed a 
significant slowdown in growth. GCPL continued to outperform the Indian market 
by growing at nearly two times of the Household and Personal Care sector growth 
in this quarter. At 17% constant currency sales growth, GCPL’s international 
business performance was very strong despite the macroeconomic challenges in 
International geographies. We are, however, beginning to see improved consumer 
sentiment on the ground and are hopeful that this will start translating to better 
consumer demand in the quarters ahead. The GCPL team is working hard on new 
market activation program and several exciting innovations to prepare for an upturn 
in market sentiments and growth. 
Godrej Properties reported a healthy financial performance during the quarter with 
revenues and net profit growing by 49% and 16% respectively. I am pleased to 
share the Godrej Properties is doing well in the residential space, with good growth 
both, in value and volumes. With improving market sentiments and a strong 
foundation in place, I believe that Godrej Properties is well positioned to deliver 
sustained growth in the coming year. 
The Oleo-Chemicals business has started the present fiscal year on a bright note, 
with an increase in revenue of 21% and a PBIT increase of 124% as compared to 
the corresponding period last year. The Chemicals business was helped by the 
improved macroeconomic environment, a stable union Government and an 
improved global situation. The recently announced Union Budget had positive 
news for the Chemicals business with customs duty on key raw material becoming 
nil against 7.5% earlier. The Chemicals business also benefited from various 
operational efficiency projects and by the full quarter operations at the new 
Ambernath facility. I am happy to share that the Valia factory in Gujarat 
commissioned a briquette boiler in May 2014. This is a green initiative that will also 
reduce energy cost substantially. 
Let me now briefly run you through our financial highlights: 

 
Page 4 of 8 
 
 During the quarter, consolidated total income stood at Rs. 2,394 crore, a growth of 
23% as compared to the corresponding period last year. Consolidated net profit 
stood at Rs. 78 crore grew by 46% during the quarter as compared to the 
corresponding period in the previous year. 
 Our overall performance has been encouraging and we are confident of achieving 
our long-term objectives of inclusive, sustainable, and profitable growth. I am 
confident that our disciplined strategy, prudent approach, focus on agile execution 
and our committed team will enable us to deliver healthy results and create 
shareholder value going forward.  
Thank you for your time and we will now be glad to take your suggestions and 
answer any questions that you may have. 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Farzan Madon from Axis Capital. 
Farzan Madon 
The monsoons have been quite erratic this year. How resilient is Godrej Agrovet in 
a span of 2-3 year block? Can we still assume a 20-25% growth rate with an ROCE 
of 30-40% and negative working capital or are we going to alter these terms in 
negotiating with suppliers? 
Adi Godrej 
No, I think a good monsoon will certainly be better for Godrej Agrovet than a 
monsoon which is little deficient. However, Godrej Agrovet has several businesses 
and its performance will continue to be good despite the vagaries of the monsoon. 
We expect considerable/accelerated growth over the next few years. The main 
reason being a lot of money is being invested in research, development and 
innovation and as a result we expect all our verticals in Godrej Agrovet to do well 
over the years to come. 
Balram Singh Yadav 
I think as Mr. Godrej has already said that we have several businesses. Some do 
very well in deficient monsoon also, particularly our Animal Feed business which is 
almost two-third of our business. We believe that we will be able to continue the 
momentum, the way we have delivered growth in past. 
Farzan Madon 
My second question is with respect to the Palm Oil Plantations. I assume that 
currently around 35-40% have matured over 7 years. I just wanted to roughly know 
that figure? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
It is about 40% as of now. 

 
Page 5 of 8 
 
Farzan Madon 
When they will mature, over the next 3-5 years would it be like an annuity? Annuity 
stream in terms of revenue as well as margin. 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Yes. But one thing you have to keep in mind that you will have to look at our annual 
growth rates. It is Agriculture and the preponements/ postponements of fruiting 
keeps on happening because of interplay of lot of geographical factors like heat, 
monsoon, water deficiency, humidity etc. So just look at our annual growth rates 
and I think that you can take as annuity. 
Farzan Madon 
My next question is with respect to innovation. Innovation has been the core for 
Godrej over generations. From being the first in Oleo-Chemicals much before 
Hindustan Lever came in, to Dr. Burjor actually formulating Cinthol. What is the 
Ambernath facility capable of, in terms of the length of the chemicals, the fatty 
acids? Also what are we innovating and what are the new molecules in the pipeline 
or product extensions that we are looking at in Agri Inputs? 
Nitin Nabar 
At Ambernath factory, we will be continuing to make the fatty acid, glycerin and the 
surfactant portfolio and other innovations will happen at our Valia factory which is in 
our expansion plans in future. 
Farzan Madon 
How much of volume growth can we see from Ambernath? Will it be around 10-
15%? 
Nitin Nabar 
About 15-20%. 
Farzan Madon 
And are we seeing that in Q1 FY14-15 
Nitin Nabar 
In phased manner. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumeet Rohra from Silver Stallion.  
Sumeet Rohra 
My first question is with respect to the Chemicals business. We have seen a very 
healthy growth in the PBIT. Is this more because of the export contribution? What 
lies ahead in terms of FY15 and FY16 for the Chemicals business? Balram, a 
fantastic set of results from Godrej Agrovet. Could you also just give a sense on 
the oil palm business as we have seen a very strong set of results in this quarter? 
Is this due to more of a seasonal factor or do you expect very strong performance 
on the oil palm as well? Could you also provide a quick update on the BPT land of 
Godrej Industries of 7 acres? Have you got any clearance of approval in them? 

 
Page 6 of 8 
 
Nitin Nabar 
On Chemicals, I would say that this performance is because of good exports and 
also domestic performance. In export, we grew by about 44% and in domestic we 
grew by about 15%. The good PBIT is also because of full quarter running of 
Ambernath factory as Mr. Godrej mentioned in his opening speech. 
Sumeet Rohra 
In the Chemicals business, what is the kind of margin we can achieve in FY15 and 
FY16? 
Adi Godrej 
Margins will vary depending on the market conditions. So it will be very difficult to 
predict margins for the future. 
Sumeet Rohra 
But do you feel that the growth of the Chemicals business’ on track? 
Adi Godrej 
Chemicals business will definitely grow because the Ambernath move has been 
completed now. Ambernath has more capacity and we are also expanding at Valia. 
Balram Yadav Singh 
As far as oil palm is concerned, this quarter, the growth is very high because of 
seasonal factors. But if you pass me annually, I think a 20% of top line growth and 
a 25% of bottom-line growth is very much likely. 
Adi Godrej 
We will look to develop the BPT land. BPT has not yet formulated its policies as to 
what it wishes to do at this land. There are many other people who have BPT 
lands. Now as the new Government is placed, I expect BPT will come out with the 
policy. As soon the policy comes in, we will look to develop the Wadala land, 
probably in a joint venture with Godrej Properties. 
Sumeet Rohra 
Is there some new TDR policy which has come today or something sir? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I have not seen anything on this yet. I am not aware. 
Moderator 
 The next question is from the line of Hardik Shah from Birla Sun Life Insurance.  
Hardik Shah 
What is the CAPEX for FY15 and FY16? 
Adi Godrej 
We do not have any definite CAPEX. CAPEX will also depend on the demand for 
each of the businesses. Each of the businesses will meet demand, but you must 
understand that CAPEX in our businesses is relatively small. 
Hardik Shah 
Are there any particular cost push you are seeing in any segments? 
Adi Godrej 
No. In fact our cost will go down because as I had mentioned, the import duty on 
major raw materials would come down. Even International commodity prices are 

 
Page 7 of 8 
 
coming down. So we do not see any major cost push in any of our businesses in 
the near future. Of course there is always cost going up and down, but nothing 
major.  
Hardik Shah 
What are the consolidated gross debt and net debt numbers? 
Clement Pinto 
The gross debt is Rs.4,300 and net debt I do not have it readily, but it should be 
about Rs. 3,500 at the consolidated level. 
Hardik Shah 
So, currently what is the kind of gearing you are comfortable?? 
Adi Godrej 
We would like to normally have gearing well under 1:1. We do not look at just  
debt-to-equity which you would be calling gearing. We would like to keep it as low 
as possible, but we pay a lot of attention to debt to market value, which in our view 
is very low. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Amrit Kalandri who is an individual investor.  
Amrit Kalandri 
My question is to Mr. Adi Godrej regarding Godrej Properties. I think a couple of 
years back you had mentioned, that just the value of the Vikhroli development area 
which the Godrej Properties have will eventually have would be more than the 
current market value of Godrej Properties, but analysts are not realizing this. Now 
there has been some time and I am sure you keep speaking to analysts and 
institutional investors. What is the sense that you are getting from them? Are they 
not realizing the true value of the Vikhroli project that we have and plus the other 
pan India presence that we have is almost free.  
You have also mentioned in the past that Godrej Properties will be the biggest 
wealth creator for the Godrej Group. In the past few years, the stock has not 
performed. As you have executed so many projects, has there been any structural 
change that you think have come where probably Godrej Properties would not be 
the biggest wealth creator in the group? This is because Godrej Consumers is 
growing rapidly and now Godrej Agrovet is coming up. So what is your view on 
these two things? 
Adi Godrej 
Well, I still feel the long-term value of the Vikhroli joint venture with Godrej & Boyce 
will be very high for Godrej Properties. Of course it will spread over several years. 
Secondly, I still do feel that in the long run, Godrej Properties could be a very large 
business for our group. It could be perhaps even the largest business in the group 
mainly because the category size is very large unlike Godrej Consumer Products, 
where the category size becomes a limitation. But you are right, Godrej Consumer 

 
Page 8 of 8 
 
Products also has grown very strongly. The good news is Godrej Industries has a 
stake in both the companies. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Farzan Madon from Axis Capital. 
Farzan Madon 
My question is with respect to Properties. When do we see the residential portion 
of the Project Trees getting launched? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
This project has already been launched and the 1st Phase of Godrej One is a 
commercial building. That project is now nearing completion and we expect moving 
to that building over the next few months. We hope to launch the residential portion 
of the project by Q4. 
Farzan Madon 
In terms of Aqua Feed, what is the capacity that we have and the future for Aqua 
Feed because I believe you have set up a capacity which is around 15-20% of 
India’s capacity. 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Yes. As far as fish feed is concerned, we have a capacity of 60,000 tonnes per 
annum. As far as shrimp feed is concerned, the new and the old capacity together 
adds up to about 65,000 to 70,000 tonnes per annum depending on which product 
we are taking. 
Farzan Madon 
The margins would be in the range of 8-10%? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Yes. That is the margin we are operating on right now. 
Moderator 
As there are no questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to 
the management for their closing comments. 
Adi Godrej 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. If you 
have any further questions or would like to know more about the Company, we 
would be happy to be of assistance. Thank you once again for taking the time to 
join us on this call. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much members of the management. On behalf of Godrej Industries 
that concludes this conference call.  
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such 
errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
