 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX Leisure Limited 
Q2FY15 Results 
 October 20, 2014 | 4 p.m. IST 
 
 
 
 
Corporate Participants 
Mr. Deepak Asher 
Director and Group Head – Corporate Finance 
 
Ms. Daizy Lal 
COO – Entertainment Business 
 
Mr. Upen Shah 
CFO 
 
 
   
 
 
   
Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q2FY15 Results October 20, 2014 | Conference Call 
Questions and Answers 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and welcome to the Q2 
FY'15 Financial Results call with the management of INOX Leisure Limited. As a 
reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need any assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by 
pressing “*” and then “0” on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Abneesh Roy, Associate Director, IE Research of Edelweiss Financial 
Services Limited. Thank you and over to you Mr. Roy! 
Abneesh Roy: Good afternoon and thanks everyone for joining us today. We 
would like to welcome Mr. Deepak Asher – Director and Group Head, Corporate 
Finance, for INOX Group of Companies, Mr. Alok Tandon – CEO of INOX Leisure 
and Mr. Upen Shah the CFO of INOX Leisure and thank them for giving us this 
opportunity to host this call. Today they will be sharing with us the Q2 FY’15 
results and business update, post which we will have the Q&A session. Over to 
you Sir! 
Deepak Asher: Thank you very much Abneesh and very good afternoon to all 
of you. This is Deepak Asher here, Director and Group Head Corporate Finance 
of the INOX Group of companies. On behalf of the management and the board 
of directors of INOX Leisure Limited, I am pleased to extend to you a very warm 
welcome to this earnings call organized by Edelweiss. I am extremely grateful to 
all of you for the time and the interest that you have shown in tracking the 
performance of this company. 
Unfortunately, Alok Tandon could not be here because of an emergency that 
cropped up yesterday. So he is kind of stood in by Ms. Daizy Lal who is the COO 
of the Entertainment Business and looks after operations under Alok and 
besides Daizy, I also have with me Mr. Upen Shah, the CFO of the company. 
The board of directors of INOX Leisure Limited has approved the quarterly 
results of INOX Leisure for the quarter ended September, and I would like to 
present to you a snapshot of the results, which have just been uploaded on the 
website of the stock exchanges as well as the company. 
Gross box office collections for the second quarter of FY’15 ended at 
INR1799.6mn which represents a 14.9% increase on a Q-on-Q basis, they were 
INR1565.6mn in the first quarter of FY’15 and a 7.4% increase on a Y-on-Y 
basis, they were INR1675mn in the second quarter of FY’14. 
Total revenues ended up at INR2666.7mn, which represents a 14.3% growth on 
a Q-on-Q basis and 12.4% growth on a Y-on-Y basis. 
EBITDA in absolute value was INR373.2mn, which is a 23.6% increase over the 
EBITDA of INR301.9mn in Q1 of FY’15. EBITDA margin consequently improved 
from 12.95%, which is what it was in the first quarter of FY’15 to 14.0% in the 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q2FY15 Results October 20, 2014 | Conference Call 
second quarter. 
PAT ended up by INR52.3mn in the second quarter of FY’15. This is a 14.1% 
increase of the PAT of INR45.8mn, which we showed in the first quarter of 
FY’15. PAT margins consequently remained at around 1.96%.  
So this is the broad overview of the financial numbers for the quarter. 
In terms of new property openings, as you might recall, we had opened one 
property in the first quarter of this year that was a three screen and 646 seat 
property, at Dreamz Mall at Gurgaon. This quarter which is the quarter ending 
September, we have opened three properties, comprising of 10 screens and 
2478 seats. These are at Vizag, Jalgaon and Faridabad. 
With these openings we now operate in 17 states, 50 cities - this by the way the 
largest citywide footprint in the country. There is no other multiplex chain that 
operates in 50 different cities in the country. We operate 92 properties, 361 
screens and 96,058 seats.  
We have a truly pan India presence, with 17 city presence in the west, 
comprising of 32 properties 130 screens and 37,000 seats. Our next significant 
presence now is within the north where we operate in 14 cities, 21 properties, 
75 screens and upwards of 19,000 seats. In the south we operate in 10 cities, 
we have 21 properties, 86 screens and 20,000 seats and in the east again 
possibly the largest multiplex chain operating in the east, we operate in 9 cities, 
18 properties with 70 screens and upwards of 18,000 seats. 
Coming to the operating parameters, we did occupancy of 26% in the second 
quarter of FY’15. This was comparable to the 26% that we did in the first 
quarter of FY’15 though lower than the 33% we did in the second quarter of 
FY’14. Clearly the quality of content has not kept pace this year with what it was 
last year. 
Footfalls improved marginally. 11.2 million footfalls in Q2 of FY’15 compared to 
9.9 million footfalls in Q1 of FY’15 that is a growth of 13% and on Y-on-Y basis 
11.2 million footfalls as compared to 10.8 million in the second quarter of FY’14 
- that is a growth of 4%. 
Occupancies of comparable properties; however, fell in this half year from 32% 
to 27% and footfalls of comparable properties fell from 21.3 mn footfalls in the 
first half of FY’14. This fell to 18.3 mn footfalls in the first half of FY’15.  
We have been able to maintain the momentum of ticket price growth. This grew 
from INR159 in the first quarter of FY’15 to INR162, which is about a 2% 
growth, 1.88% to be precise, on a Q-on-Q basis. Ticket pricing was INR156 in 
the second quarter of FY’14, on a Y-on-Y basis this represents roughly about a 
4% growth. 
The second key revenue driver for us is F&B service. We continued here again to 
maintain the momentum of increase in the SPH - the Spend per Head - on food 
and beverage services across our properties this stood at INR54 in the first half 
of FY’15 as compared to INR48 in the first half of FY’14. Not just is the Spend 
per Head on revenue side going up but we have also been able to manage the 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q2FY15 Results October 20, 2014 | Conference Call 
cost of goods on the F&B side and this has reduced from 27% which is what it 
was in the first half of FY’14 to around 23% in the first half of FY’15. 
As a result of which the value add on the F&B service has gone up by about 
19% from INR35 per patron in the first half of last year to around INR42 patron 
in the first half of this year. By the way this INR42 per patron of the value add 
that we have on food and beverage service is roughly equal to the topline that 
we had on the food and beverage services around four years ago which is in 
FY’11, which would mean that over the last four years because of the increase 
in F&B prices as well as reduction in F&B cost we have been able to meet the 
entire F&B cost that we had about four years ago and everything now is value 
add. 
The third revenue driver for us is advertising and other operating income. This 
again we have been focusing for the last two to three years on increasing this 
revenue pie because as I mentioned in the last call as well this is virtually, 
entirely bottomline as far as we are concerned. So this has being going up from 
about INR0.92mn per screen, which is what it was in the second quarter of 
FY’14 to about INR1.03mn per screen, which is what it is in this quarter. This 
represents an increase of about 12% and if you look at the long-term trends 
total advertising and other operating income in FY’11 was INR1.56mn per 
screen per annum. This went up to INR3.79mn per screen per annum in FY’14 
and currently it stands at about INR1.03mn per screen this  quarter, which on 
an annualized basis would be upwards of about INR4.1mn per screen per 
annum. 
As a result of this the absolute value of advertising and other operating income 
has been going up significantly. This was INR359.3mn in this quarter as 
compared to INR294.4mn in the immediately proceeding quarter, which is a Q-
on-Q growth of 22% and INR251.6mn in the second quarter of FY’14, which is 
the Y-on-Y growth of 42%. 
On the cost side, the direct costs remain more or less within control. Our 
average entertainment tax rate, which was 18.2% in the first quarter of this 
financial year, is 17.8% in the second quarter. This compares almost identically 
to the 17.7% we paid in the second quarter of last financial year. Payouts to 
distributors for content also remain more or less within the normal range of 
about 36% of GBOC, Gross Box Office Collection. In fact for the quarter-ended 
September it was 36.1% compared to 36% in the first quarter of the current 
financial year. 
Other overheads have gone up slightly in the first half of the year at 44% as 
compared to 38% in the first half of last year. This is largely because of as I 
said bad content leading to lower collections despite increase in the number of 
properties. We have been able to slightly improve upon this as compared to the 
first quarter of the current financial year. These were at 44% in Q1. They are 
now at 43% in Q2.  
So that is the brief snapshot of the financial performance as well as the key 
operating parameters in the business. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q2FY15 Results October 20, 2014 | Conference Call 
Going forward we are currently working on a property pipeline which comprises 
of around 7 properties that we expect to open in this quarter, which is quarter 
three of this financial year. This would be 21 screens and in addition to this 
there will be another 7 properties or 25 screens that we expect to open in the 
fourth quarter. So with these property openings we would expect to close this 
financial year, which is March 2015 in excess of 400 screens possibly in the 
range of 405 to 410 screens. We also have tied up properties equivalent to 
roughly about 136 screens post  FY’15. This obviously is not the end. There 
would be more but this is just the pipeline that we currently have tied up and 
surely will be tieing up more properties as we go along. 
Apart from the property pipeline we expect that there to be a robust content 
pipeline as well. Several large releases lined up in the next two or three months, 
over which we have visibility for example on the October 24, we expect Happy 
New Year to be released. This as you now is the much-awaited Shah Rukh Khan 
title. In November, we have The Shaukeens and Kill Dil being two of the largest 
titles expected in that month. In December again we have Action Jackson and P. 
K. and in addition to this obviously there are host of other movies four or five 
other titles, which are expected to do reasonably well.  
So with a strong property pipeline as well as fairly robust content pipeline we 
would expect the performance going forward should be better than what we 
have had in the past. 
So that is from me Abneesh. I would like to hand this over to you and may be 
you can open it for any questions that analysts might have. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question and 
answer session. We will take the first question from the line of Mr. Abneesh Roy. 
Sir you may go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: Sir my first question is last two, three quarters if you see has 
been EBIT volatile for entire sector. Now we have a very large movie coming up 
this week which you have also highlighted, urban recovery there are some 
green shoots in some of the sectors but lot of sectors are still waiting a few 
quarters, maybe one or two quarters for the green shoots may become 
stronger. What is your reading is this the last quarter of slowdown or based on 
content things can remain volatile? 
Deepak Asher: Well, I would hope that it is the last quarter of the slowdown. 
Obviously it is a business which is to a large extent driven by content and 
therefore if the content is good then you would see audiences thronging the 
cinema theaters irrespective of what is happening on the macroeconomic 
environment. So we have not seen our business being affected as much by 
macroeconomic parameters as we have with the quality of content. 
Abneesh Roy: Sir on this new movie Happy New Year could you take us 
through the pricing. I understand pricing of this movie is more expensive than 
the normal one which always happens with these kind of movies, but is there a 
trend when I compare like-to-like these kind of budget movies is there a upward 
movement or it is largely in line with the earlier blockbuster movies? 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q2FY15 Results October 20, 2014 | Conference Call 
Deepak Asher: Well again pricing is something that we do look at on a film to 
film basis, so if it is expected to be a blockbuster as this is one is obviously the 
pricing for this would take that into consideration. I cannot obviously talk about 
specific pricing for individual titles also because these vary from property-to-
property as well but if it is a large blockbuster then our attempt would be to 
optimize pricing in order to ensure that we maximize revenues at the same time 
without compromising on occupancies. 
Abneesh Roy: I will come back later. Thanks for this. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Ankit Kedia 
from Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Kedia: Sir the data, which you gave in your opening, remarks does this 
include Satyam Cinemas as well? 
Deepak Asher: Satyam Cinemas is 100% subsidiary of Inox Leisure limited 
with affect from the August 8th and therefore the results include the 
consolidation of Satyam for the period starting from August 8th till September 
30th. 
Ankit Kedia: So the ATP and SPH include Satyam? 
Deepak Asher: Yes the numbers that I indicated includes Satyam but the 
subject to caveat that only for the period from August 8th onwards. 
Ankit Kedia: Sir in the last concall we were made to believe that Satyam’s 
ATPs are higher compared to our standalone company with positive operating 
profit so could you share something incremental on Satyam if we have to look it 
on like-to-like basis for ex-Satyam what was the growth? 
Deepak Asher: Yes I did indicate that the average ticket price for Satyam is 
not just higher than INOX’S but we believe amongst the highest in the industry 
and therefore the consolidated results that we present factor in that the impact 
of Satyam coming in as well. I would say that it is a bit too short a period for us 
to come to a macro judgement on the impact of Satyam on the operation of 
INOX Leisure, you need to give us a little bit more time and hopefully by the 
end of next quarter when we would have had significant time to have absorbed 
the Satyam impact into our results will be able to discuss that. 
Ankit Kedia: Sir could you also throw some light on profitability of Satyam 
because again last time you mentioned that Satyam was profitable at operating 
front but in the financials we are looking at marginal losses as well coming from 
there so would that benefits accrue to us over next coming quarters? 
Deepak Asher: I would expect so. Frankly the whole rational of the acquisition 
was that it will be EBITDA and PAT positive you would not see than in this 
period because as I said if I may say so 50 days is too shorter period for us to 
judge us on the value of the Satyam acquisition you will need to give that a bit 
more time. 
Ankit Kedia: Sir some of the treasury stock was sold during the quarter, would 
we repay the debt or how will the cash be utilized? 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q2FY15 Results October 20, 2014 | Conference Call 
Deepak Asher: Yes the treasury stock was sold during the quarter and we 
expect to pay that cash to retire the debts that was taken for the Satyam 
transaction. That will be done as and when the repayment falls due. 
Ankit Kedia: Thank you Sir. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Alankar 
Garude from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Alankar Garude: Good afternoon. Sir firstly can you give the breakup of ad 
and other operating revenues? 
Deepak Asher: You want it for the quarter? 
Alankar Garude: If you could give for the half year as well that would be 
great. 
Deepak Asher: Firstly for the quarter which is the second quarter the ad 
revenues was INR178.1mn and the other operating revenues were INR181.2mn 
for the half year the ad revenues was INR327.8mn and the other operating 
revenues were INR326mn. 
Alankar Garude: Can you give the same numbers for last year as well? 
Deepak Asher: For the second quarter of FY’14, there was INR110.4mn of ad 
revenues and INR141.2mn of other operating revenues and for the half year 
INR188mn of ad revenues and INR292.5mn of other operating revenues. So if I 
may, if you compare the two half years which is first half of FY14 versus first 
half of FY15 ad revenues have gone up from INR188mn to INR327mn and other 
operating revenue has gone up from INR292mn to INR325mn. 
Alankar Garude: Sir a follow up on this if you see our ad revenues versus PVR, 
we see that there is a huge gap. Roughly PVR’s ad revenues is almost half that 
of the entire multiplex industry in spite of the actual number of screens being 
much lower than 50%. What are the steps we are trying, to bridge this gap? Do 
you foresee this gap reducing over the next two, three years? 
Deepak Asher: Yes, as I mentioned in my presentation itself we are laying a 
lot of focus on increasing our advertising revenues and we have taken several 
steps to do that. First of all we have strengthened our marketing team both in 
terms of depth as well as breadth. We have opened zonal marketing units 
across the country in order to address advertisers in different zones in addition 
to a central marketing team that we have here in Mumbai itself. We have 
increased the inventory of our marketing space both onscreen as well as off-
screen in order to ensure that we are able to monetize a larger part of that 
inventory. We have introduced several innovative pricing mechanisms. For 
example we have now even in advertising flexi pricing just as you have higher 
ticket pricing for blockbuster movies and not so high prices for regular movies 
even for advertising we now have higher advertising rates for advertisements 
which are during blockbuster movies. We have increased the general rack rate 
for advertising. We have another innovative means that we have started on 
advertising, which is, instead of our fixed advertising price, we are willing to 
take the risk of the eyeballs that come to our properties and therefore we are 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q2FY15 Results October 20, 2014 | Conference Call 
now for some advertisers charging advertising revenues which are based on 
cost per contact which means a certain fixed revenue for eyeball in this Cinema 
and this is led to an increase in the advertising revenues. We are addressing 
new customer segments. For example DAVP for government advertisements, 
banks, etc. We are trying to monetize our website spaces for enhancing 
advertising revenues. We have started charging for trailers just like onscreen 
advertising because trailers which are like more than two or three weeks ahead 
of the commercial release of the film. So there are kind of a list of eight to ten 
things that I can think of the back of my head right now that we are tried to do 
to increase the advertising income and that clearly has led to a significant 
increase. In fact it might be worthwhile mentioning that our advertising income 
for this quarter at INR178mn for the quarter was equal to INR172mn that we 
did in the full financial year of FY11 so over the four year period we have 
actually got this revenue item to go up by four times. 
Alankar Garude: Thanks a lot Sir. That was really very helpful. I will come 
back if I have more. Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Avinash 
Agarwal from Sundaram Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Agarwal: Sir on this interest part I just wanted to understand this 
acquisition debt is at what rate Sir? 
Deepak Asher: You mean the debt for the Satyam acquisition? 
Avinash Agarwal: Yes Sir. 
Deepak Asher: It would be at the rate of about 10% to 10.5%. 
Avinash Agarwal: Sir secondly, am I correct that the F&B revenue would be 
closer to INR600mn is that the right number? 
Deepak Asher: For what period? 
Avinash Agarwal: Q2 Sir. 
Deepak Asher: Well Q2 FY’15 would be about INR510mn. 
Avinash Agarwal: This is for standalone or consol entity Sir? 
Deepak Asher: No, this is console except that when I say Satyam is consol for 
the period from August 8th. 
Avinash Agarwal: You mentioned 11.2mn footfalls and you SPH of INR54 so if 
you just multiply that I think it comes to…? 
Deepak Asher: Yes, except that in the SPH unit you need to remove the 
indirect taxes because those then in the P&L or not credited to revenues. 
Avinash Agarwal: Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pritesh Chedda 
from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chedda: Thank you Sir. You could tell us the capital expenditure 
required for the screen expansion and the maintenance capex for FY15 and 
FY16? 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q2FY15 Results October 20, 2014 | Conference Call 
Deepak Asher: Two questions - the capex for the pipeline of properties would 
be roughly at the range of about 1.75 well around INR17.5mn per screen so 
depending on how many screens we set up since we expect to set up about 50 
screens over the next six months you would expect capex of roughly about 
INR800 to 900mn. This of course is the gross capex this would be funded by 
debt, which would be about 60%, and the balance would come from the cash 
flow of the business. Maintenance Capex would be roughly about 5% but that 
again is charged on a regular basis to revenue. 
Pritesh Chedda: Okay it is charged to the P&L? 
Deepak Asher: Yes. 
Pritesh Chedda: Any major refurbishment capex, which comes up? 
Deepak Asher: Well nothing significant as I mentioned last time as well we 
have a continuous program of refurbishing all our properties on a regular basis 
so it is not that we come up with a sudden expense out of the blue in any 
particular year. 
Pritesh Chedda: So what is capitalized is the new screens only? 
Deepak Asher: That is right. 
Pritesh Chedda: What it would should be in FY16 by similar 1.75 into 50 
screens? 
Deepak Asher: Yes I would assume that. 
Pritesh Chedda: So both the years it is 50 screens? 
Deepak Asher: No the number of screens next year were obviously be much 
higher as I mentioned to you we have already tied up for about 136 screens this 
year. 
Pritesh Chedda: So fair assumption is say closer to about 100 screens at least 
for FY16. 
Deepak Asher: Yes you could take that. 
Pritesh Chedda: Thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Manu 
Pandey from Infinity Alternatives. Please go ahead. 
Manu Pandey: My question basically is in two folds one is what the outstanding 
treasury stock that we currently hold is and what is the outstanding debt of the 
company as of date? 
Deepak Asher: The treasury stock that we hold as of September 30 is roughly 
about 11mn shares at the current market size of about INR175 this would be 
roughly equal to about INR1900mn ,  in terms of value the total debt of the 
company would be around INR2900mn and therefore net of the treasury stock 
at current value the net debt would be roughly about the INR1000mn. 
Manu Pandey: This is excluding the share that is already sold the receipt from 
those? 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q2FY15 Results October 20, 2014 | Conference Call 
Deepak Asher: Yes that is right. 
Manu Pandey: Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next follow up question from the line of 
Ankit Kedia from Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Kedia: Sir during the quarter a lot of radio advertisements were done 
and lot of promotional schemes were done for week day primetime kind like less 
than INR70 ticket price and INR100 ticket price across lot of cities, despite that 
occupancy levels have declined due to the content but incrementally going 
forward would we continue these schemes and how would you look at 
occupancies has good content arises would we stop these schemes for 
customers or would they continue? 
Deepak Asher: If you look at the long-term trends in occupancies apart from 
the aberrations that we have been having for the last two quarters occupancies 
have been upwards of 30% in fact FY’11 was 32%, FY’12 was 31%, FY’13 was 
30% so I would expect if the quality of content maintained itself we would see 
occupancies of around 30%. We would continue to explore opportunities of 
improving occupancies, which would include this kind of scheme that you 
mentioned. This of course would depend on what kind of content we get going 
forward and we obviously the objective is to maximize the product of the pricing 
and occupancies so we will do whatever is required to do that. 
Ankit Kedia: Sure and Sir just a question on your debt which you mentioned if 
I look at your balance sheet your long-term borrowings and short-term 
borrowings total have INR4600mn odd but you mentioned your debt is only 
around INR2900mn? 
Deepak Asher: Yes, but that is because we have quasi cash - the treasury that 
we sold in the month of September. 
Ankit Kedia: You are talking of net cash. 
Deepak Asher: Yes that is right it is lying on the asset side of the balance 
sheet. 
Ankit Kedia: Okay, not an issue. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Riken Gopani from 
Infina Finance. Please go ahead. 
Riken Gopani: Sir just one thing I wanted to understand of the screen 
expansion that you plan to do for next year, geographically how would the 
breakup broadly be looking like? 
Deepak Asher: I will see if I have that somewhere but I do not think it will be 
very different from what the current geographical distribution is. 
Riken Gopani: Mainly, I wanted to understand that the next year expansion 
plan seems to be quite strong versus what we have done in the last one or two 
years. So 130 screens is it driven more by what was signed by Satyam or is it 
almost being planned under the INOX brand? 
Deepak Asher: No it is a mix of both INOX as well as Satyam but maybe I 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q2FY15 Results October 20, 2014 | Conference Call 
need to correct for perhaps an inadvertent misimpression that I might have 
created the 136 was beyond March 2015 not necessarily culminating in March 
2016 so this was the kind of look ahead property is beyond March 2015. I 
perhaps give you the impression as of one financial year, which may not be the 
case. 
Riken Gopani: So would it be reasonable to assume a 50 runrate for next year 
as well as a fully one year number or would it still be higher than the 50 screens 
number… 
Deepak Asher: That is based on the plan that we currently have we are looking 
at roughly about 75 screens for the next financial year. 
Riken Gopani: Within that if you could just give the number of what would be 
added in Satyam? 
Deepak Asher: Frankly that distinction is irrelevant now because Satyam is a 
100% sub and in fact we have already kind of have plans to merge Satyam with 
INOX so antecedents of that pipeline is really irrelevant. 
Riken Gopani: Okay, the point was understood whether the average ticket 
prices benefit because of geographically being in the northern region in terms of 
expansion or how would we be placed? 
Deepak Asher: Sure I think the relevant question would be what is the 
geographical spread of that pipeline rather than whether there was Satyam led 
or INOX so as I said the geographical distribution is something similar to what 
our current spread is. 
Riken Gopani: Okay so that should be, and one last point is on the F&B side 
over the next one or two years where do you see this scaling up in terms of 
spend per head for INOX? 
Deepak Asher: Well we would expect spend per head to keep on going up at 
about 5% to 7% every year on a per head basis. I would believe that we have 
reached the best on the cost of goods sold that be possibly good at 23% which I 
think is the best in the industry, so there may not be a significant scope for 
improvement on that account but with purely the value add will come from the 
spend for as going up by as I mentioned 5% to 7% every year. 
Riken Gopani: That is it. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Mr. 
Alankar Garude from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Alankar Garude: Sir few follow up questions from my side. Firstly sir what are 
our rebranding plans for Satyam? Do we hope to maintain the Satyam brand or 
we plan to eventually phase it out and bring it under the INOX brand? 
Deepak Asher: As I mentioned again in response to a similarly query that had 
come up in the last call eventually the plan will be to merge it into the INOX 
brand. This could take time. As I said will first get into operational integration 
and then we will kind of integrate the entity into INOX and obviously then there 
would also be brand integration. I would assume this will take over the next 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q2FY15 Results October 20, 2014 | Conference Call 
twelve months or so. 
Alankar Garude: Sir secondly on our online ticketing revenue stream so what 
is the percentage of our tickets being booked online right now? 
Deepak Asher: I think this would be roughly in the range of about 16% to 
18%. 
Alankar Garude: Okay and what percentage of that would be from our website 
and what percentage from other online ticketing websites? 
Deepak Asher: Roughly around 15% comes from the third party website and 
about 3% to 4% from our own website. 
Alankar Garude: Last question from my side; we have already seen over the 
last one year if I compare the gross margins in F&B for first half of FY14 with 
the current first half of FY15 already gross margins have improved from about 
73% over 77% in the F&B business. Do we foresee any further improvement in 
gross margins over the next few years? 
Deepak Asher: No as I said 23% cost of goods sold which you are referring to 
as 77% margin is possibly the best we could do. I do not foresee any significant 
change in this say except may be plus minus 1% point. The improvements 
therefore will come from the increase in spend per heads which I expect to be in 
the range of about 5% to 7%. 
Alankar Garude: That was very helpful. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Parikshit 
Shah from QVT. Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Shah: Good afternoon. Sir actually just wanted a quick indication on 
Q3 in terms of the utilization trend that you are seeing especially after the 
release of Bang Bang and Haider this month? 
Deepak Asher: Well it is too early to judge Q3 based on a two to three week 
performance but clearly Bang Bang and Haider have done better than what the 
average for the last quarter was. 
Parikshit Shah: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Swanand 
Kelkar from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Swanand Kelkar: I had a quick question on the balance sheet you just 
mentioned that you have cash lying on the asset side and you have for debt for 
the Satyam acquisition so if you could just help me with what are the timelines 
when you can pay the debt down and what it means for the interest cost 
charged to P&L? 
Deepak Asher: Well as I mentioned first of all the debt is at about between 
10% and 10.5% so that is the cost that is being incurred on that debt. The 
treasury stock that was sold during the month of September realized us cash, 
which we are going to use to repay the debt. I think the next debt installment 
would fall due sometime in the month of December so till then that cash is 
invested in liquid plans which yield for us the return of roughly about 9%. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q2FY15 Results October 20, 2014 | Conference Call 
Swanand Kelkar: When the amount is paid off where do you think your 
interest cost settles at in the P&L or where does the debt settle at in the balance 
sheet given that you have a 10%, 10.5% cost of funds? 
Deepak Asher: I thought I already mentioned that my net debt today was 
roughly about a INR1000mn so if you cancel off the treasury stock and the debt 
you are left with a INR1000mn debt which would be roughly at about 11% cost. 
Swanand Kelkar: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Sumit 
Sarda an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sumit Sarda: Good afternoon Sir. This is a question for the long-term 
perspective given that we might grow by inorganic route do we have any stated 
cap on valuation that we might like to acquire at? 
Deepak Asher: Being an acquirer, I would also like to acquire at as lower cost 
as possible. Currently the market is being valued at roughly about nine to 
eleven times EV to EBITDA. So I would assume any acquisition that I would 
want to do would be in that kind of ballpark range. Obviously we need to look at 
specific opportunities and the strengths and the weaknesses of those 
opportunities to determine or ascribe an exact value. 
Sumit Sarda: Sir did you have a look at the Fun case? 
Deepak Asher: I am sorry I cannot mention any specific transactions that we 
may or may not be evaluating. 
Sumit Sarda: That is all. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sunny Agarwal 
from Aditya Birla Money. Please go ahead. 
Sunny Agarwal: Good afternoon. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir my question 
is on competitive scenario how that is emerging especially in terms of expansion 
since north and west being an area of high ATP. Are we seeing any signs of 
oversupply as far as screens are concerned and that is leading towards toll as 
far as occupancy for every our industry players in particular regions so your 
thought process on that? 
Deepak Asher: If you look at the macro picture, I believe India as a market is 
far from being over screened in terms of actual statistics we have less than nine 
screens per million population compared even for example economies like China 
have 30 screens per million population, Europe is about 35 screens per million 
population and the flagship illustration here is the US which as 120 screens per 
million population. Now if you look at again the breakup of the nine screens per 
million population that the India has less than two screens per million 
populations are multiplex screens rest of the seven has single screen Cinema 
theaters which are not the best of quality and many of them are on the verge of 
close down. So in that sense I believe we are significantly under screened and 
therefore there is ample potential for growth after considering the fact that we 
are one of the largest film watchers in the world - about 5 billion tickets sold 
every year and also one of the largest film producers in the world, with 200 to 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q2FY15 Results October 20, 2014 | Conference Call 
250 Hindi movie titles and about 500 to 600 regional language films being 
produced every year. So the macro fundamental is I believe are very good and 
there remains in our view a significant potential for growth in a sector. 
Sunny Agarwal: Sir just extension of that if I may redo that question can we 
say that our top five to six cities which have a major contributor for the whole 
industry if there any signs of overcrowding over there? 
Deepak Asher: Again, I do not think we should look at it on a city basis. There 
maybe one or two catchments specifically which are overcrowded but I think the 
trick is to try and go to places where there is a significant untapped catchment 
potential. 
Sunny Agarwal: Sir my last question is on are we looking for any inorganic 
acquisition especially as per media report. I think the Big Cinema and a Fun 
Republic is on block so are we looking to participate in that? 
Deepak Asher: As I said I cannot mention any specific acquisition opportunities 
that we may or may not be looking at but as a general business philosophy I 
have stated several times earlier that we continue to remain interested at 
looking at all growth potential - organic as well as inorganic. 
Sunny Agarwal: Thanks Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the follow up question from Mr. Roy. Sir 
you may go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: Sir two follow up questions one is if you see IPL has been a 
threat for most other entertainment options including multiplex now we see a 
Pro Kabaddi and currently the Football League so in that context Pro Kabaddi 
had very decent viewership also and football viewership numbers are still 
awaited so how worried are you from this because then it can become a round 
the year threat for your business? 
Deepak Asher: To be honest with you we do not believe that these events 
have had any impact on our footfalls. As I mentioned we believe it is largely 
content driven rather than any competing entertainment option driven and we 
have not for example seen occupancies go down during the days or timings that 
these events have been staged. 
Abneesh Roy: Sir currently if you see the numbers are anyway bit on the lower 
side when the Pro Kabaddi happen for example and the football league also so 
to that extent it is a bit untested territory right? 
Deepak Asher: Again there is no science behind this but as I said our belief 
continues to be that this content driven rather than event driven. 
Abneesh Roy: Sir secondly regarding the margins in the other businesses in 
the non-exhibition business F&B etc., what is the sense you are getting because 
we are seeing a general correction in some of the raw material not exactly food 
but where do you see that setting with food inflation also much lower versus 
that your last three years so in that context do you see food margins expanding 
or largely it will be range bound? 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q2FY15 Results October 20, 2014 | Conference Call 
Deepak Asher: No I think they will remain at these kinds of levels. As I 
mentioned the operating within about 76% to 78% margin on the food that we 
sell and I believe this is incrementally the most of best in the industry and we 
should be able to maintain this. 
Abneesh Roy: Sir one last one on the macro if you see last two, three years 
because that the way Indian GDP was, liquidity tightening etc., now with last 
three, four months there has been a dramatic recovery in those at least in 
terms of sentiment, in terms of liquidity in the markets etc., so are you seeing a 
good pickup in terms of laying of malls, setting up a malls because for you that 
is the most important thing for expansion and what we heard from other 
retailers is after two, three years India’s mall expansion will slowdown 
drastically but now on the last three, four months what is the mood you are 
getting because this has been usual signs but do you see now the mall issue 
getting resolved or it is still be an big challenge after two three years? 
Deepak Asher: Well if I am talking to mall developers the sentiment that we 
get is surely positive and it is only got better in the last three or four months 
but we have to see how long it can sustain itself and whether that positive 
sentiment would translate into action on the ground but as of now it certainly 
seems to be upbeat. 
Abneesh Roy: That is all from my side. Let us take it further anymore. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further question from the participants, 
I now hand the floor back to Mr. Abneesh Roy for closing comments. Thank you 
and over to you Sir! 
Abneesh Roy: Thanks everyone for participating in this call today. A very 
special thanks to the management members of INOX Leisure for allowing us this 
opportunity. Have a good day and thanks. 
Deepak Asher: On behalf of INOX Leisure, I would also like to thank all of you 
as I said for your time as well as interest I would like to thank Edelweiss for 
organizing this. I would like to wish all of you a very happy Diwali and a very 
prosperous New Year. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you Sir. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Edelweiss 
Financial Services Limited that concludes this conference call. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q2FY15 Results October 20, 2014 | Conference Call 
DISCLAIMER  
 
General Disclaimer: 
This report has been prepared by Edelweiss Securities Limited (Edelweiss). Edelweiss, its holding company and associate 
companies are a full service, integrated investment banking, portfolio management and brokerage group. Our research analysts 
and sales persons provide important input into our investment banking activities. This report does not constitute an offer or 
solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument or as an official confirmation of any transaction. The information 
contained herein is from publicly available data or other sources believed to be reliable, but we do not represent that it is 
accurate or complete and it should not be relied on as such. Edelweiss or any of its affiliates/ group companies shall not be in any 
way responsible for any loss or damage that may arise to any person from any inadvertent error in the information contained in 
this report. This report is provided for assistance only and is not intended to be and must not alone be taken as the basis for an 
investment decision. The user assumes the entire risk of any use made of this information. Each recipient of this report should 
make such investigation as it deems necessary to arrive at an independent evaluation of an investment in the securities of 
companies referred to in this report (including the merits and risks involved), and should consult his own advisors to determine 
the merits and risks of such investment. The investment discussed or views expressed may not be suitable for all investors. We 
and our affiliates, group companies, officers, directors, and employees may: (a) from time to time, have long or short positions in, 
and buy or sell the securities thereof, of company (ies) mentioned herein or (b) be engaged in any other transaction involving such 
securities and earn brokerage or other compensation or act as advisor or lender/borrower to such company (ies) or have other 
potential conflict of interest with respect to any recommendation and related information and opinions. This information is 
strictly confidential and is being furnished to you solely for your information. This information should not be reproduced or 
redistributed or passed on directly or indirectly in any form to any other person or published, copied, in whole or in part, for any 
purpose. This report is not directed or intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or 
located in any locality, state, country or other jurisdiction, where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be 
contrary to law, regulation or which would subject Edelweiss and affiliates/ group companies to any registration or licensing 
requirements within such jurisdiction. The distribution of this report in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law, and persons 
in whose possession this report comes, should inform themselves about and observe, any such restrictions. The information given 
in this report is as of the date of this report and there can be no assurance that future results or events will be consistent with this 
information. This information is subject to change without any prior notice. Edelweiss reserves the right to make modifications 
and alterations to this statement as may be required from time to time. However, Edelweiss is under no obligation to update or 
keep the information current. Nevertheless, Edelweiss is committed to providing independent and transparent recommendation 
to its client and would be happy to provide any information in response to specific client queries. Neither Edelweiss nor any of its 
affiliates, group companies, directors, employees, agents or representatives shall be liable for any damages whether direct, 
indirect, special or consequential including lost revenue or lost profits that may arise from or in connection with the use of the 
information. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance. The disclosures of interest statements 
incorporated in this report are provided solely to enhance the transparency and should not be treated as endorsement of the 
views expressed in the report. Edelweiss Securities Limited generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts and their 
dependents from maintaining a financial interest in the securities or derivatives of any companies that the analysts cover. The 
information provided in these reports remains, unless otherwise stated, the copyright of Edelweiss. All layout, design, original 
artwork, concepts and other Intellectual Properties, remains the property and copyright Edelweiss and may not be used in any 
form or for any purpose whatsoever by any party without the express written permission of the copyright holders.  
 
Analyst Certification: 
The analyst for this report certifies that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect his or her personal views about 
the subject company or companies and its or their securities, and no part of his or her compensation was, is or will be, directly or 
indirectly related to specific recommendations or views expressed in this report.  
 
Analyst holding in the stock: No. 
 
Edelweiss shall not be liable for any delay or any other interruption which may occur in presenting the data due to any reason 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q2FY15 Results October 20, 2014 | Conference Call 
 
 
 
Access the entire repository of Edelweiss Research on www.edelresearch.com 
Disclaimer for U.S. Persons 
This research report is a product of Edelweiss Securities Limited, which is the employer of the research analyst(s) who has 
prepared the research report. The research analyst(s) preparing the research report is/are resident outside the United States 
(U.S.) and are not associated persons of any U.S. regulated broker-dealer and therefore the analyst(s) is/are not subject to 
supervision by a U.S. broker-dealer, and is/are not required to satisfy the regulatory licensing requirements of FINRA or required 
to otherwise comply with U.S. rules or regulations regarding, among other things, communications with a subject company, public 
appearances and trading securities held by a research analyst account. 
This report is intended for distribution by Edelweiss Securities Limited only to "Major Institutional Investors" as defined by Rule 
15a-6(b)(4) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act, 1934 (the Exchange Act) and interpretations thereof by U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC) in reliance on Rule 15a 6(a)(2). If the recipient of this report is not a Major Institutional Investor as 
specified above, then it should not act upon this report and return the same to the sender. Further, this report may not be copied, 
duplicated and/or transmitted onward to any U.S. person, which is not the Major Institutional Investor.  
In reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Rule 15a-6 of the Exchange Act and interpretations thereof by the SEC 
in order to conduct certain business with Major Institutional Investors, Edelweiss Securities Limited has entered into an 
agreement with a U.S. registered broker-dealer, Enclave Capital, LLC ("Enclave").  
Transactions in securities discussed in this research report should be effected through Enclave Capital, LLC. 
Disclaimer for U.K. Persons 
The contents of this research report have not been approved by an authorised person within the meaning of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA").  
In the United Kingdom, this research report is being distributed only to and is directed only at (a) persons who have professional 
experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the FSMA (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the 
“Order”); (b) persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (including high net worth companies and unincorporated 
associations); and (c) any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together being 
referred to as “relevant persons”). 
This research report must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment 
activity to which this research report relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant 
persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this research report or any of its contents. This 
research report must not be distributed, published, reproduced or disclosed (in whole or in part) by recipients to any other 
person.  
Disclaimer for Canadian Persons 
This research report is a product of Edelweiss Securities Limited ("ESL"), which is the employer of the research analysts who have 
prepared the research report.  The research analysts preparing the research report are resident outside the Canada and are not 
associated persons of any Canadian registered adviser and/or dealer and, therefore, the analysts are not subject to supervision by 
a Canadian registered adviser and/or dealer, and are not required to satisfy the regulatory licensing requirements of the Ontario 
Securities Commission, other Canadian provincial securities regulators, the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of 
Canada and are not required to otherwise comply with Canadian rules or regulations regarding, among other things, the research 
analysts' business or relationship with a subject company or trading of securities by a research analyst. 
This report is intended for distribution by ESL only to "Permitted Clients" (as defined in National Instrument 31-103 ("NI 31-103")) 
who are resident in the Province of Ontario, Canada (an "Ontario Permitted Client").  If the recipient of this report is not an 
Ontario Permitted Client, as specified above, then the recipient should not act upon this report and should return the report to 
the sender.  Further, this report may not be copied, duplicated and/or transmitted onward to any Canadian person. 
ESL is relying on an exemption from the adviser and/or dealer registration requirements under NI 31-103 available to certain 
international advisers and/or dealers.  Please be advised that (i) ESL is not registered in the Province of Ontario to trade in 
securities nor is it registered in the Province of Ontario to provide advice with respect to securities; (ii) ESL's head office or 
principal place of business is located in India; (iii) all or substantially all of ESL's assets may be situated outside of Canada; (iv) 
there may be difficulty enforcing legal rights against ESL because of the above; and (v) the name and address of the ESL's agent for 
service of process in the Province of Ontario is: Bamac Services Inc., 181 Bay Street, Suite 2100, Toronto, Ontario M5J 2T3 Canada. 
 
