
 
 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
Godrej Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY15 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 12, 2014 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the earnings conference call of 
Godrej Industries Limited. As a reminder all participants’ lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your Touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Anoop Poojari of CDR India. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Anoop Poojari 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Godrej Industries’ Q2 & H1 
FY15 earnings conference call. We have with us Mr. Adi Godrej – Chairman of 
Godrej Industries; Mr. Nadir Godrej – Managing Director; Ms. Tanya Dubash – 
Executive Director & Chief Brand Officer; Mr. Pirojsha Godrej – Managing Director & 
CEO of Godrej Properties; Mr. Balram Singh Yadav – Managing Director of Godrej 
Agrovet; Mr. Nitin Nabar – Executive Director & President – Chemicals and             
Mr. Clement Pinto – Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 
We will begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management following 
which we will have the forum open for an interactive question and answer session. 
Before we begin I would like to point out that some statements made in this call may 
be forward looking and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the 
conference call invite e-mailed to you earlier. I would now like to invite Mr. Adi Godrej 
to make his opening remarks. 
Adi Godrej 
Thanks Anoop. Good afternoon everyone I welcome you to Godrej Industries’ 
conference call to discuss the operating and financial performance for the second 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2014. I would take you through some of 
the key developments and operational highlights at each of our businesses followed 
by a summary of our financial results for the half year. 

Page 2 of 12 
 
I am happy to report that our Agri business continues to do well despite a challenging 
environment in terms of volatile commodity prices and erratic weather conditions. 
The consolidated total income of Godrej Agrovet at Rs. 1,071 crore this quarter grew 
by 11% over the corresponding quarter last year. The consolidated net profit at       
Rs. 79 crore too grew by 11% over the corresponding quarter last year.  
Our strategy of focusing on strengthening our presence in cattle and layer feeds 
whilst reducing salience of the volatile Boiler feed segment is yielding results. The 
sales of the animal feed vertical grew by 13% to Rs. 686 crore in this quarter as 
compared to the corresponding quarter last year. I am pleased to share that in line 
with our focus on augmenting the Company’s market position in the Aqua feed 
segment, we commissioned the new facility for commercial production of shrimp and 
fish feed at Hanuman Junction in Andhra Pradesh.  
In our oil palm vertical, good volumes combined with operational efficiencies during 
the quarter enabled us to deliver 24% growth in revenues as compared to the 
corresponding quarter last year and also helped the Agri business profit. During the 
quarter, the segment witnessed significant volatility in crude palm oil and palm kernel 
oil prices with the average sales price of palm oil lower by 10%.  However,our 
committed team from the oil farm verticals was focused in performance delivery.  
The Agri Inputs verticals performed well despite being faced with an erratic weather 
condition in the country. Our agile team and a strong supply chain helped the 
business deliver results with sales during the quarter growing by 18% over the 
corresponding quarter last year.  
At Godrej Tyson our focus remains on building brand based business with several 
new products being launched under the ‘Real Good Chicken’ and ‘Yummiez’ brands. 
The future prospect of our Agri business remains robust and I am confident that we 
will continue to deliver good results.  
Moving to the performance of Godrej Consumer Products Limited; we continued to 
outperform the market and our brands have further strengthened their leadership 
position. This was despite consumer demand remaining subdued in the second 
quarter of this fiscal making this one of the slowest years of growth in the FMCG 
industry in over a decade. Net profit of Godrej Consumer Products Limited grew 
strongly at 20% in this quarter. We believe that the Indian FMCG industry is now 
showing signs of recovery. It is our endeavor to sustain and extend leadership 
position across core categories and we are also continuing our pace of launching 
exciting new products. The medium and long term growth prospects in India in our 

Page 3 of 12 
other emerging market remain robust. I am confident that with our clear strategic 
focus differentiated product portfolio, superior execution and top notch team we will 
continue to deliver industry leading results.  
I am pleased with the performance of Godrej Properties Limited. Godrej Properties 
reported healthy financial performance during the quarter with net profit improving by 
36%. The response to our new project launches across the country has been very 
heartening. We look forward to delivering an even stronger performance in the 
second half of this Fiscal year. 
 
The Chemicals business recorded a 17% growth in revenues and a 10% growth in 
PBIT as compared to the corresponding period last year. I am happy to share the 
Valia factory in Gujarat won the FICCI award for efficiency in energy usage in the 
chemical sector. Such initiatives are part of our group and green vision of creating a 
more inclusive and greener India. 
 
Let me now briefly run you through our financial highlights. During the half year, 
consolidated total income was higher at Rs. 4,755 crore, up 18% over the 
corresponding period last year. Consolidated net profit stood at Rs. 173 crore 
marking a growth of 18% over the corresponding period last year.  
To conclude, with the improving macro-economic environment, we are feeling more 
encouraged and confident of achieving our long term objectives of inclusive 
sustainable and profitable growth. Our disciplined strategy; prudent approach and 
focus on agile execution will enable us to deliver healthy results and create 
shareholder value going forward. Thank you for your time and we will now be glad to 
take your suggestions and answer any questions that you may have. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and 
answer session. The first question is from the line of Farzan Madon from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Farzan Madon 
I would just like to know about the Chemicals division. The Chemical division has 
reported slightly muted margin. Is it because the Ambernath plant is yet to stabilize 
or is it facing any technical problems really in the short term like a month or two. 
Could you give us details as to how is it fairing in terms of production in volume 
terms? 
Nitin Nabar  
The Ambernath plant is fully operational now there are no problems. The plant 
started on time. This lower margin is due to the shortfall in commodity prices. 

Page 4 of 12 
Farzan Madon 
Now my second question is regarding Agrovet. It has really been doing well and this 
year despite adversities and a bad monsoon we have grown at around 12% to 15%.  
Can we expect this division to continue to show 25% to 30% growth like it has done 
before in the longer term of around three years? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
I do not promise a 25% to 30% growth, but I can definitely say that good double digit 
growth is possible not only for next three years but for next five years also. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Sumeet Rohra from Silver 
Stallion. Please go ahead. 
Sumeet Rohra 
I got a couple of questions. One is a follow up on the chemicals. Now the matter of 
fact is that internationally prices of commodities have come off; so is that going to 
keep the chemicals part under pressure or since we have already expanded in to 
specialty chemicals, we will see our margins coming back on track from next quarter 
onwards? Secondly, our Agrovet has done beautifully well Balram, and once again 
many, many congratulations on that. But in that just wanted to quickly touch base 
with you on the Bangladesh JV where there have been a slight de-growth. I wanted 
to basically have your sense on the Bangladesh JV and the Godrej Tyson because 
those are the only two verticals in the Agrovet space which have been little bit of 
flattish. And Sir, this is just my suggestion, of course our Nature’s Basket business 
has been doing remarkably well and we have now gone to 32 stores, so is there any 
thought process that we can expand that in terms of number of stores because it is 
doing very well for us, sir? 
Nitin Nabar 
So on the chemical side, the drop in commodity prices have affected us but our 
focused effort on growing the specialty part is on and we are in fact expanding 
capacity on the rapeseed oil based product. So that will help us in future but that is a 
little long term. 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Sumeet, first on Bangladesh. Bangladesh is showing a de-growth because of very 
poor broiler market there which is existing in India as well as several places in the 
world because of the cycles of over production and under production. However, our 
profitability has done very well which is not being seen in the numbers as last year 
we had a major currency benefit because of rupee depreciation. This year if we 
remove that currency benefit, our profitability in the first half of the year has grown 
close to about 28%. We believe that Bangladesh will do very well in future because 
this condition will not remain like that. Secondly, we are investing in a state-of-the-art 
floating fish feed plant in a place called Rajshahi in Bangladesh. It is a very big 
capacity because Bangladesh has a very big fish growing industry and we believe 

Page 5 of 12 
that floating fish feed has a very bright future. We also believe that we will be able to 
utilize this capacity in the next three to four years which means that we have to grow 
that business close to about 20% CAGR for the next three, four years. 
 
On Godrej Tyson, again Tyson is part of the broiler industry which is not doing well, 
but we have been able to maintain our topline and bottom-line at very similar levels 
as last year. Brand sales and Yummiez sales have shown improved profitability that 
is very heartening because last year, some amount of our profit came from 
commodity which is not the case this year. So, both these businesses are slowly 
moving in the right direction and probably you will see very good growth in future. 
Tanya Dubash 
On Nature’s Basket, as you pointed out we now have 32 stores across 5 cities. We 
have strong growth plans in place. I am not sure all of you are aware, but the 
business had a bit of a problem in the last few months because of the FSSAI rule 
which now seem to be easing. But you will be happy to know that we had a very, 
very good October. Actually, the problems caused by FSSAI made us grow our 
private label business which is a high margin business. Now, we also source from 
India much more than we did and hence we are now in a far stronger position. We 
will continue to grow our private label business and fill rate from international 
products are improving significantly. We had a great Diwali. Our gifting plans and the 
hampers that we do are growing by leaps and bounds and we have a very strong 
focus now on growing our e-commerce business and making ourselves unique by 
trying to develop a strategy around online-channel. So we will see some strong 
growth. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Manish Gandhi who is an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Manish Gandhi 
My first question is to Mr. Pirojsha. Hi Pirojsha, finally this forest land de-notification 
has happened. So, do we see signing any new JVs with Godrej & Boyce in next few 
months and launching the same in the next two to three years? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Godrej & Boyce of course had some land that was affected by the forest case matter. 
The clearing of this issue will certainly help us speeding up the development on that 
land. I am hesitant to put the exact timelines but certainly that is something we are 
discussing strongly with Godrej & Boyce. I think within two to three years’ timeframe 
we should certainly be able to have a project in at least part of that area. 
Manish Gandhi 
One more question to Pirojsha. In Godrej Properties’ conference call you were 
answering about the equity raising question and you said that definitely not in current 

Page 6 of 12 
year. So I am a bit confused. If not in the in current year do you see in the next two, 
three years a chance of equity raising? Because I see in the next two, three years we 
can easily sell BKC and Chandigarh so I am just confused just I want to clear that? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
So Manish, I think I was responding to a specific question on whether we have any 
near term equity raising plans to which I said we certainly do not and definitely not for 
rest of this year. I also think I clarified that our goal is to raise the capital that we 
need for our growth through monetizing our commercial portfolio. But I cannot with 
any great degree of accuracy say whether two years from now we may or may not 
need to look at raising equities. It would obviously depend on our success at 
monetizing the commercial portfolio and also looking at how many growth 
opportunities are presenting themselves. So I think we have no immediate plans I 
think for raising any kind of equities. 
Manish Gandhi 
My next question is to Mr. Adi Godrej. Sir, just want to know that if we are going to 
list Godrej Agrovet in next few years and if so, are we going to dilute Godrej 
Industries’ stake in the Company? Sir, you can appreciate why I am asking the 
question you might feel it repeatedly because this is a very valuable equity and we 
are a group which has always respected equity in past. So, your thoughts on the 
same for diluting our stake in that Company? 
Adi Godrej 
First of all there is a possibility that we might list Godrej Agrovet in the next few 
years. Secondly, it is not determined yet how we will list it. Most likely it will be raising 
new capital; but it is too early to tell in which manner we would list it. Under the 
current regulations, we can list Godrej Agrovet with a 10% issue because it is a large 
sized business. But we have not determined exactly how we will go about it and that, 
if at all, will be done closer to the time of actual listing as and when it may be. 
Manish Gandhi 
And one more thing because we have recently increased our equity in Godrej 
Consumers and sold some shares in Godrej Properties. I know that it is something 
that we might do in future also; but is there any plan that we want to reduce our stake 
in Godrej Properties to say 50%? 
Adi Godrej 
No, whatever sale of Godrej Properties’ shares and purchase of Godrej Consumer 
Products shares is done within the group. It is relatively very small and we are taking 
advantage of marking to market whenever feasible without any tax burden. So it is 
basically much more prudent currently since this income is not taxable that to do it as 
and when in the unlikely event there is future taxation on such sales. 

Page 7 of 12 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjukta Majumdar from SKS 
Capital & Research. Please go ahead. 
Amitabh Sonthalia 
This is Sanjukta’s colleague, Amitabh. Sir, on slide 27 of your presentation you have 
listed the value of investments for our equity share in case of Godrej Consumer and 
Properties which is well know because they are separately listed businesses and 
Godrej Industries is a promoter holding Company for those investments. So any case 
those are separate listed entities so no point asking anything about those companies 
that is well known in the market and among the investors. About your unlisted 
businesses what I was just trying to get is if we look at Godrej Industries and of 
course value of your listed investments is known and the market assigns a certain 
holding Company discount to those investments of anywhere between 50% to 75%, 
how would you value the other investments and is there some way we could get an 
indication of management’s internal assessments of the valuation let us say your 
Godrej Agrovet stake or the Godrej Vikhroli investments or your Nature’s Basket 
investments, etc.? 
Adi Godrej 
Well, it would not be appropriate to put out valuations unless it is for a listed 
Company because that can vary depending upon who is valuing it. But the Godrej 
Agrovet investments to my mind would be worth around Rs. 2,000 crore and other 
investments are very valuable especially the LLP part of Godrej Industries’ stake. So 
generally our calculations show that if you break down the value of the assets in 
Godrej Industries there is considerably higher than the market cap of Godrej 
Industries currently. 
Amitabh Sonthalia 
What is your view of the nature of Godrej Industries as a Company. How would you 
like that to be viewed because as you are aware, in India we have holding 
companies of large industrial houses such as yours which essentially are holding 
companies which serves the promoter interest but not necessarily interest of a 
minority investor of long term holdings in your group companies listed ones 
especially and which is why market assigns a big discount to those investments like 
you have let us say Rs. 10,000 crore listed Company investment between Godrej 
Consumer and Properties, but that automatically gets a discount of 50% to 75%. So 
if as an analyst or an investor we are going to value Godrej Industries, we 
straightaway assign that Rs. 10,000 crore would be valued at less than 5 because 
that will never be encashed from a Godrej Industries’ minority investor perspective. 
So that is a separate debate. But coming to your other investments Sir, such as the 
Godrej Vikhroli LLP which you mentioned could you throw some more light on the 
structure of that investment and whether Godrej Industries holds any land through 
that directly or is it just an operating partnership. So how will Godrej Industries’ 

Page 8 of 12 
shareholders benefit from the activities of that LLP and over time how will that create 
value for Godrej Industries’ share holders? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
So that is quite clear. The Vikhroli land of 35 acres is being developed under the 
name of ‘The Trees’ by an LLP that is 60% owned by Godrej Properties and 40% 
owned by Godrej Industries directly. So 40% of the value created through this project 
directly flows in through Godrej Industries and the remaining 60% flows in directly 
through its shareholding in Godrej Properties. 
Adi Godrej 
The other thing I would like to clarify is that most of these investments that Godrej 
Industries holds unlike many other holding companies is in listed Company. So it is 
very easy to tell the valuation. Even Godrej Agrovet shares are worth a lot because 
only about two years ago a major deal was done with Temasek and so people know 
the valuation of that holding. The third thing I would like to point out that Godrej 
Industries’ value is much higher than sometimes realized at the current point of time 
because in the past we used to lease out a lot of our buildings as part of our estate 
management program which had to be stopped because of the development of ‘The 
Trees’ and the benefit from the Trees will come after a couple of years. So in 
between, the operational result are lower relatively speaking than earlier or will be 
later. So I think this has to be borne in mind. 
Amitabh Sonthalia 
So this part I am not quite familiar with so I will take it offline and hopefully try and 
understand the benefit of ‘The Trees’ accruing after couple of years that you are 
talking about a little better. I would not take too much of the time on the call for that. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Amrut Kalantri who is an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Amrut Kalantri 
My question is to Mr. Adi Godrej. You just mentioned about the Temasek deal, so I 
just wanted clarification on that. Have we guaranteed them an exit or an IRR and exit 
by NI or IPO or buyback or bringing any other investor within a certain timeline so if 
you can please clarify on that? 
Adi Godrej 
There is no guarantee of returns in that deal. The only assurance we had provided is 
that after a period of three years from the initial investment, if Temasek wishes to 
have the Company listed we would cooperate in that listing. 
Amrut Kalantri 
So basically that means one year from now if Temasek wants, we basically would be 
going ahead with IPO plans? 
Adi Godrej 
Yes, little more than one year from now. 

Page 9 of 12 
Amrut Kalantri 
My second question is regarding the impact of GST. You have been a very vocal 
supporter of GST and have mentioned several times that it will add 2% points to our 
GDP directly as and when it gets activated. So I just wanted to know whether you 
have done any impact analysis on all our group companies in terms of whether there 
would be an immediate impact on by higher revenue growth or even a margin 
expansion by 100, 200, 300 basis points? 
Adi Godrej 
It is very difficult to have a direct impact analysis done for our companies but our 
companies mainly being consumer product companies will benefit tremendously from 
GST implementation, as you have rightly said like 2% points other things being equal 
to the GDP growth that itself will be very valuable to our companies. But in the case 
of companies like Godrej Consumer Products and others, it will save a lot of logistics 
and operational costs that will be extremely beneficial. So we see a tremendous 
improvement in valuation of our companies’ post-GST implementation. 
Amrut Kalantri 
Sir, just one last follow up question. So if I understand it correctly, I think the more 
impact will be on margin expansion because of costs savings rather than a higher 
revenue growth number would that be correct? 
Adi Godrej 
No, we would see higher revenue growth also because if the GDP growth of the 
country is high, it would certainly mean that consumption will increase and sales 
growth of most Indian companies in the consumer product field would increase. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Laxmi Narayanan from 
Catamaran. Please go ahead. 
Laxmi Narayanan 
I have couple of questions. The first question is pertaining to the Agri Inputs. Now I 
was just trying to understand where we actually sell some of the herbicides, etc. 
where exactly in the segment of information that is actually captured and what kind of 
revenues and the profitability we have for the first half year? 
Clement Pinto 
It is captured in the ‘Others’ segment. 
Laxmi Narayanan 
So the entire close to Rs. 174 crore of revenues is coming under that, right? 
Clement Pinto 
That is part of the others category, yes that is right. 
Laxmi Narayanan 
And then coming to the palm plantation part which you have talked about the 
revenue is captured under vegetable oils, right? 
Clement Pinto 
That is right. 

Page 10 of 12 
Laxmi Narayanan 
And how does it work; I mean who owns the plantation. Is it more like a sugarcane 
where it is mandated from the Government that is a farmer grows sugarcane? 
Balram Singh Yadav  Very similar. We do not own the plantations land. We own the oil mills and the 
farmers grow the crop and grow the plantation and bring the fruit to us. 
Laxmi Narayanan 
What is our edge in the business given that the profitability of edible oil in general is 
very low and why do we think that is going to be a strong pillar for growth for us? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
First of all the profitability is assured by the business model which government has 
put in place. We pay a percentage of that month’s oil price of the crude price which 
leaves us about 25% contribution. The other edge is that we have worked with the 
farmers and do not look at it as an oil business but look it as an agri business. We 
work with farmers to increase yields and increase oil yields because we pay on the 
weight of the fruit and not on the oil basis so any improvement in oil is a direct 
injunction in our bottom-line. 
Other than that, the plants are very efficient. We use biomass to produce our own 
electricity; we produce about 4 MW of electricity right now in Andhra Pradesh and we 
are looking at opportunities of utilizing a huge amount of biomass which is still 
unutilized by doing various other things like bracketing or producing more power 
because efficiency improvement directly impacts our bottom-line. So that is the edge 
we have. 
Laxmi Narayanan 
Sir, on the animal feed I understand we have three sets of businesses; one for 
poultry, one for shrimp and one for the other. Now among that what is the broad 
breakup of business between these three things and which you think is something 
where we will definitely have a stronger edge; which means that it requires some 
kind of a unique selling model or it is much more advanced to sell a particular type of 
animal feed? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Animal protein is growing all round and we believe that all segments will do well. But 
there are certain segments which will do better than the others. Particularly, broiler 
and fish are very subject to market conditions and the output prices. There we see lot 
of volatility and lot of cyclicality during the year. But cattle, shrimp and layer feed 
which is the feed for the eggs are quite steady businesses and we are growing at a 
very, very handsome pace in these three segments. 
Adi Godrej 
And we are doing a lot of R&D especially at our new R&D center through continuous 
improvement. 

Page 11 of 12 
Laxmi Narayanan 
Which of the three things are most lucrative either from a market reach or from 
penetration or a profitability point of view whichever way you look at it? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Aqua feed. 
Laxmi Narayanan 
Sir, and the last thing on the Tyson JV. What kind of revenues are we expecting to 
close by FY15 and how much is ‘Yummiez’ part of that? If you can just help me 
understand that? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
In FY15, we will do a little over Rs. 400 crore and ‘Yummiez’ will be close to about 
anything between Rs. 65 crore to Rs. 70 crore in that. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Amrut Kalantri who is an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Amrut Kalantri 
This question is again to Mr. Adi Godrej. Sir, my question is regarding our dividend 
policy and capital allocation policy. Now I had asked this question a few quarters 
earlier in the Godrej Properties’ conference call but since then, the dividend 
distribution tax rate has been further increased to 20.6%. Now you have mentioned 
many times in the past that the only hindrance to Godrej Properties’ growth would be 
capital. So I just wanted to get your view on would not it make better capital 
allocation for us if you preserve that capital and use it for growth instead of paying it 
out as dividend because we are paying a very high dividend distribution tax as well 
on that? 
Adi Godrej 
It is a good point and we are following that policy in that the dividend payout 
percentage is not very high and we are allocating a lot of capital to businesses that 
can utilize that capital well for strong growth. So we will continue that policy and 
there is always good to have some dividend because many small shareholders 
particularly are dependent on dividend and to the extent that we can pass through 
the dividends we avoid the dividend distribution tax also. 
Amrut Kalantri 
Sir, one small technical question may be the CFO can help this. So if Godrej 
Properties pays Godrej Industries the dividend and Godrej Industries then pays us 
the dividend so there is no double dividend distribution tax in this? 
Clement Pinto 
That is right. 
Moderator 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from participants, I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for their closing remarks. Over to you, 
sir. 

Page 12 of 12 
Adi Godrej 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. If you 
have any further questions or would like to know more about the Company we would 
be happy to be of assistance. Thank you once again for taking the time to join us on 
this call. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Godrej Industries 
Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such 
errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
