
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX Leisure 
Q3FY15 Results 
 January 16, 2015 | 2:30 p.m. IST 
 
 
 
 
Corporate Participants 
Mr. Deepak Asher 
Director and Group Head – Corporate Finance 
INOX Group of Companies 
 
Mr. Alok Tandon 
CEO, INOX Leisure 
 
Mr. Upen Shah 
CFO, INOX Leisure 
 
 
   
 
 
   
Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q3FY15 Results January 16, 2015 | Conference Call 
Questions and Answers 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and welcome to Q3 FY 2015 
Financial Results Call with the management of Inox Leisure Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance, during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Alankar Garude, 
Manager, IE Research, Edelweiss Financial Services Limited. Thank you and over 
to you Mr. Garude! 
Alankar Garude: Thanks Mallika. Good afternoon and a warm welcome to all 
participants. We at Edelweiss Securities are very pleased to host Inox Leisure’s 
Q3 FY 2015 Earnings Conference Call. From the management, we have with us 
Mr. Deepak Asher, Director and Group Head, Corporate Finance. Mr. Alok 
Tandon, CEO of INOX Leisure and Mr. Upen Shah, CFO of INOX Leisure. Thanks 
to the management for this opportunity. Now I would like to handover the call 
to the management for the opening remarks, post which we will have the Q&A 
session. Thank you and over to you sir! 
Deepak Asher: Thank you very much Alankar. A very good afternoon to all of 
you. This is Deepak Asher here, Director and Group Head, Corporate Finance of 
the INOX Group of Companies. I am joined on this call by Mr. Alok Tandon, the 
CEO of the company and Mr. Upen Shah, who is the CFO of the company. 
On behalf of the management and the Board of Directors of INOX Leisure 
Limited I am pleased to wish all of you a very Happy New Year and to extend to 
you a very warm welcome to this earnings call organized by Edelweiss. I am 
extremely grateful to all of you for the time and the interest that you have 
shown in tracking the performance of this company. 
We have just concluded about half an hour ago, the board meeting of INOX 
Leisure Limited and the board has approved the financial results for the quarter 
ended December 2014. While the results and earnings presentation have been 
uploaded on the company website, the results have also been forwarded to the 
stock exchanges, where they are available for downloading by all of you. 
I would like to take you through some of the key financial and operational 
highlights regarding the performance of the company. The comparisons that I 
have done for these financial numbers are: a YoY comparison, which is 
comparing Q3 of FY 2014 with Q3 of FY 2015; and a QoQ comparison, which is 
a comparison of Q2 of FY 2015 with Q3 of FY 2015. Where relevant, I have also 
compared the cumulative nine month figures of FY 2014 with the cumulative 
nine month figures of FY 2015. 
If you look at the first operating parameter which is the gross box-office 
collections, gross box-office collections grew from INR 142 Crores in Q3 of FY 
2014 to INR 201 Crores in Q3 of FY 2015, registering a growth of 42%. Total 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q3FY15 Results January 16, 2015 | Conference Call 
revenues grew from INR 216 Crores in FY 2014 Q3 to INR 305 Crores in FY 
2015 Q3 which is a growth again of 41%. 
EBITDA grew from INR 28.4 Crores in Q3 of FY 2014 to INR 50.4 Crores in Q3 of 
FY 2015, a growth of 77% and PAT grew from INR 6.47 Crores in Q3 of FY 2014 
to INR 14.30 Crores in Q3 of FY 2015 a growth of 121%. 
If you compare these very parameters with Q2 of FY 2015 gross box-office 
collections grew from INR 180 Crores to INR 202 Crores which is a growth of 
12%. Total revenues grew from INR 267 Crores to INR 305 Crores which is a 
growth of 14%, EBITDA grew from INR 37.3 Crores to INR 50.4 Crores which is 
a growth of 35% and the PAT grew from INR 5.2 Crores to INR 14.3 Crores 
which is a growth of 173% on a QoQ basis.  
So this is a brief summary of the financial snapshot. 
In terms of physical parameters, the total properties that we have opened so far 
in this year are six properties, 17 screens, 4100 seats. In the first quarter as 
you might recall we had opened one property with three screens, in the second 
quarter, we have opened three properties with ten screens, in the third quarter 
we opened one more property with one screen and we have in the last 15 days, 
in this quarter, opened one more property with three screens which makes the 
total property count at this point of time 94 with 365 screens operational and 
97039 seats so just to say that again we are currently present in 17 states, 51 
cities which is the largest city footprint of any multiplex chain in the country. We 
operate 94 properties, 365 screens and 97039 seats. 
On the operating parameters, backed largely by very good quality content in 
this quarter, we have seen footfalls grow from 8.8mn footfalls in Q3 of FY 2014 
to 11.6mn footfalls in Q3 of FY 2015 which is a growth of 32%. On a cumulative 
nine-month basis footfalls grew from 30.4mn in the nine month ending 
December FY 2014 to 32.6mn in the nine months ending FY 2015 which is a 
growth of 7%. Occupancy numbers have improved from 26% which is what 
they were in the last quarter which is Q2 of FY 2015 to 28% in Q3 of FY 2015. 
Improvement in footfalls has been accompanied by significant improvement in 
average ticket prices as well. Average ticket price which was INR163 in Q3 of FY 
2014 has gone up to INR175 in Q3 of FY 2015 which is a 7% growth. On a QoQ 
basis this has grown from INR162 which is what it was in Q2 of FY 2015 to 
INR175 in Q3 which is 8% growth. On a nine month cumulative basis our 
average ticket price was INR157 in FY 2014 which stands at INR166 in FY 2015 
which is a growth of 6%. This has largely been on the back of three huge 
releases that we saw in this quarter, the acquisition of the Sathyam Cineplex 
chain, which improved our average ticket prices, and better occupancies in 
premium screens as well as 3D movies. 
The second key revenue driver for our business as you all know is F&B service. 
Food and beverage income has grown from INR51 per patron, which is what it 
was in Q3 FY 2014 to INR56 per patron in Q3 of FY 2015 a growth of 10%. On a 
QoQ basis it has grown by 6% - INR53 per patron in Q2 of FY 2015 to INR56 
per patron in Q3 of FY 2015. On a cumulative nine monthly basis it has grown 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q3FY15 Results January 16, 2015 | Conference Call 
by 12%. It was INR49 per patron in the nine months of FY 2014, it is INR55 per 
patron, as I mentioned, in the nine months of FY 2015.  
Not only is spend per head growing but the contribution from F&B is also 
improving because of control over F&B costs. F&B contribution which was 75% 
in Q3 of FY 2014 has expanded to 77% in Q3 of FY 2015. As a result the 
contribution per head from F&B revenue, which was INR38.25 in Q3 of FY 2014, 
has gone up to INR 43.12 in Q3 of FY 2015, a growth of 13%. On a nine 
monthly basis contribution from F&B has gone up from INR36.26 per patron in 
FY 2014 to INR42.35 per patron in FY 2015, which is a growth of 17% and just 
to put it in a historical perspective the F&B contribution per patron used to be 
INR27.88 in FY 2011 and hence over the last four years we have been able to 
increase this by more than 50% to INR43.12 currently. 
The third key revenue driver in our business as you all know is advertising and 
other operating revenues. On a per screen basis advertising revenues have 
gone up by 60%, I repeat 60% on a per screen basis this used to be INR0.53mn 
per screen in Q3 of FY 2014 these are INR0.85mn per screen in Q3 of FY 2015. 
On a nine months basis the advertising in other operating income has gone up 
by from INR2.91mn per screen for the nine month period to INR3.13mn per 
screen, which is a growth of about 8%. 
In absolute value terms, advertising revenues have gone up by more than a 
100%. This was INR14.58 Crores in Q3 of FY 2014. This has gone up to 
INR28.92 Crores in Q3 of FY 2015. If you aggregate advertising and the other 
operating income, which essentially consists VPF fees as well as internet 
booking charges these have actually gone up by more than four times in 
absolute value. In fact in a historical context, our total advertising and other 
operating income was INR39.63 Crores in FY 2011 and in the current financial 
year we have done more than that, in fact INR47.47 Crores, in just one quarter. 
Over the nine month period, the advertising and other operating income has 
grown from INR83.20 Crores in absolute terms in FY 2014 to INR113 Crores in 
FY 2015. 
On the cost side, costs have been generally under control. Our entertainment 
tax rate has gone up marginally from 17.8% in Q3 of FY 2014 to 18.9% in Q3 of 
FY 2015. Our distributor’s share payout has again been roughly the same - 
45.3% on net box-office collections in Q3 of FY 2014, 45.0% in Q3 of FY 2015. 
Our other operating overheads have also fallen marginally from 45% of 
revenues in Q3 of FY 2014 to around 42% of revenues in Q3 of FY 2015. 
As a result, as I mentioned, EBITDA has grown in this quarter to 50.4 Crores 
from 28.4 Crores in Q3 of FY 2014.  
Looking ahead, in terms of project pipeline, as you might recall, we currently 
operate 94 properties, 365 screens and 97039 seats. We have a pipeline of four 
properties already tied-up and we expect to open these by March 31, 2015. This 
will comprise of 12 screens and 2750 seats. So we would expect to close the 
financial year with 98 properties, 377 screens and a shade short of 100000 
seats. In fact we expect to be at about 99790 seats. In addition to this, post 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q3FY15 Results January 16, 2015 | Conference Call 
March 2015, we have already tied-up another 38 properties, 169 screens and 
36977 seats. So with the implementation of all these projects we would have 
136 properties, 546 screens and 136000 seats. 
The content pipeline for the next two or three months looks reasonably healthy. 
We expect some large releases on January 23, 2015, BABY which is an Akshay 
Kumar starrer, Dolly Ki Doli around which there is quite a significant buzz and 
the Oscar nominated Birdman. We expect in February Shamitabh, expected to 
released on the February 6, 2015 and Roy on the February 13, 2015. In addition 
there are couple of regional films as well: there is a Tamil film Yennai Arindhaal, 
and there is a Telugu film Temper all expected to do quite well. 
So this, ladies and gentlemen, is a snapshot of our financial and operating 
performance and look ahead n terms of property and content pipeline over the 
next three months. I would now like to hand this over to Alankar to moderate 
any questions that you might have. 
Alankar Garude: Mallika, you can now take the questions. 
Moderator: Thank you Sir. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the 
question and answer session. The first question is from the line of Dheeresh 
Pathak from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Dheeresh Pathak: Thank you and congratulations on good results. Sir if you 
can in December I think there were two transactions that happened in the 
multiplex industry. If you could just give your broad views on how you see 
those transactions - that is the first question? 
Deepak Asher: To some extent, we have been saying that the industry is due 
for some element of consolidation. So we do see that consolidation is 
happening. From what information is available in the public domain it appears 
that some of these transactions were at a fairly high value. As a company while 
we do believe in consolidation, our view is that it should make commercial sense 
for our investors, for our shareholders and though we would like to chase 
properties and acquisition transactions we would want to do it at a value that 
we believe would be reasonable returns on investment, not too much is 
available in the public domain so it really would be very difficult for me to give 
you a more specific comment on that, but as I said I think one of things that is 
happening in the sector is consolidation and we have been saying this for quite 
a while we think that eventually there will be three or four large players that will 
emerge. 
Dheeresh Pathak: The Big Cinema - Carnival transaction that seems like a low 
EV per screen number, so was it something that came to our consideration as 
well? 
Deepak Asher: Yes, being in the industry for quite a while and being one of the 
serious and long-term players we do look at acquisition opportunities all the 
time. I unfortunately will not be able to comment on a specific transaction and 
the other thing I would like to mention is typically in terms of the return on 
investment we would not look at the enterprise value per screen because we do 
not believe that is the right way to measure our business, we would rather look 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q3FY15 Results January 16, 2015 | Conference Call 
at EV to EBITDA multiples, and as I said since not too much information on that 
is available in the public domain, it is difficult for us to pass judgment on 
whether that value was reasonable or not. 
Dheeresh Pathak: The second book keeping can you just give the debt, gross 
and net debt number and also just tell us how many treasury shares and all 
left? 
Deepak Asher: The gross debt on the balance sheet is currently about INR 325 
Crores. We also have about 1 Crore treasury shares, which based on yesterday 
share price would be worth about INR 175 Crores. So the net debt on the 
balance sheet, net of the treasury shares, would be about INR 150 Crores. 
Dheeresh Pathak: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishabh C from 
Enam Holdings. Please go ahead. 
Nihar: This is Nihar here from Enam Holdings. Just a couple of questions, given 
the fact that the next quarter has the World Cup coming up, how do you see 
that impacting your business and how do you see is your Q4 panning out 
because of the World Cup, that is my first question? 
Deepak Asher: Dealing with that first of all again if you look at the historical 
context, Q4 is usually a mild quarter compared the rest of the quarters so to 
some extent the fact that the performance in Q4 would not be the strongest is 
factored into our expectations. Secondly, as far as the World Cup is concerned, 
we understand that since if it in Australia, the timings of the matches will not 
compete with the high performing shows and most of the matches are expected 
to get over by 5 pm Indian time and since a large part of our occupancies - as 
much as 70% - is in the post 6 pm shows, we believe that it may not seriously 
dilute or hit into our footfalls. 
Nihar: My second question is on the acquisition again if I look at the difference 
between the consolidated and the standalone EBITDA I calculated at about close 
to about 4 Crores, which I am assuming is the Sathyam Cinema’s EBITDA so in 
terms of the valuation even if I annualize it, it seems that the EV/EBITDA played 
was close to 9x or 10x EV/EBITDA. Just wanted to understand if that correct 
and in that sense you thought that this was an acquisition that the price was 
justified in terms of what you paid for it? 
Deepak Asher: I will say more than a couple of things here. First of all I think 
transactions in the range of about 9 to 11 times EV to EBITDA would be par for 
the course. I believe transactions at that kind of multiple would make a 
reasonable sense for acquisition. Secondly we have been in management of this 
company only for the past four or five months, we believe there is significant 
value that we can add to the operations of that company, eventually we will also 
merge that company with Inox Leisure and that also will lead to a significant 
improvement in EBITDA for those screens and I suggest you need to give us 
little bit more time rather than judge the wisdom of our acquisition based on the 
performance just for over the first three or four months time. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q3FY15 Results January 16, 2015 | Conference Call 
Nihar: Just maybe if you can just give us a little bit more details in terms of 
where you think there is lack in the Satyam Cinemas operations and where you 
see improvement coming in going forward? 
Deepak Asher: Well, for want of a better word, improving the quality of the 
experience that the patrons get in that cinema which hopefully will help in 
driving up occupancies and ticket prices.  We are upgrading some of those 
properties. We are investing money in upgrading those properties. Secondly, we 
are also expanding the food and beverage offering in those properties so that 
also, we believe, would help in improving the topline and the bottomline of 
those properties. And thirdly, we are also trying to expand the advertising and 
other operating revenues in these assets. So I believe all those will lead to a 
significant improvement in profitability of those properties. 
Nihar: Thanks. That is all from my side and good luck for the quarters ahead. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from 
Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: Sir congrats on very good set of numbers. My first question is 
PK has been the all-time greatest hit prior to this, four quarters of slowdown on 
movies was there. So are you calling this out as a trend reversal or it was just a 
content which has worked this time and so going ahead again it will be a 
function of content rather than the overall sentiment reversal? 
Deepak Asher: Well frankly speaking it has always been a content driven 
game. So I would not like to argue that regardless of content, sentiment would 
alone drive the business. The good news of course is that it is not just PK which 
worked this quarter. We had three good blockbusters starting with Bang Bang 
and Happy New Year and then PK. So hopefully we have this quality of content 
and it keeps on that kind of pace we should expect significant improvement in 
performance based on this. 
Abneesh Roy: Sir PK has been all time hit and this at least 60, 70 Crores 
higher than the previous hit so where does the 60, 70 Crores extra come from is 
it only due to pricing or the overall industry has managed the footfall and the 
occupancy levels better this time any insights there? 
Deepak Asher: Well I think it is a mix of a wider release, the release footprint 
was much wider and therefore you saw it opening in many more screens than  
what earlier movies did. Secondly, better occupancies as well as better ticket 
pricing in the properties that it opened, so it is a mix of all three together. 
Abneesh Roy: Sir World Cup starts now, hardly a month, what kind of impact 
you expect there and if you could take us what happened four years back and 
has anything changed in terms of strategy of multiplexes and production 
companies in that respect? 
Deepak Asher: Well as I think I answered that question because it was asked 
earlier by somebody else, but I do not mind repeating what I just said. First of 
all the fact that Q4 is not the strongest of quarters in this business, in fact 
because of exam times and other such reasons, Q4 performance is generally 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q3FY15 Results January 16, 2015 | Conference Call 
expected to be a bit more muted than earlier quarters ,and hence to that 
extent, that is also already factored into our planning. Secondly, as compared to 
last time World Cup was in India and it was at timings that competed with our 
primetime show times. This time the World Cup is in Australia so apart from the 
remoteness of the distance the timing itself, the World Cup matches that would 
end at about 5 pm so 5.30 pm everyday and hence to the extent that 70% of 
our footfalls come from post 6 pm timings it will not conflict with our primetime 
shows. So we would not expect that to have a huge impact. There will be some 
marginal impact for sure but not as significant as we saw last time. 
Abneesh Roy: Sir the 70% number which you said does it apply for the 
weekend also that 70% of the revenue in weekend for those two days comes 
post that 6 pm only? 
Deepak Asher: No, I am taking of post 6 pm versus pre 6pm . 
Abneesh Roy: Sir the two bookkeeping questions one is online how much was 
it and in terms of cost inflation for your food business and salary rent etc., what 
is the scenario you are seeing currently for FY 2016? 
Deepak Asher: Well the first question how much of our tickets are sold online 
currently they would be around 19% to 19.5%. Your second question was? 
Abneesh Roy: Sir on cost inflation, food and salary and rentals are you seeing 
any favorable movements especially in food, milk prices and the transport 
related expenses have come down so any benefits you are expecting to get 
from there? 
Deepak Asher: Well yes, if you look at it historical that F&B contribution used 
to be like 65% to 66% five years ago which is at about 77% now. So clearly we 
have been able to control the food cost. We believe that we have been able to 
manage the supply chain and also because of engineering on the menu side we 
have been able to drive this down in order to ensure that our contribution from 
food and beverage is higher that what it use to at four or five years ago. On the 
others I mean there is an inflationary led cost escalation, but the goal should be 
to try and see that your ticket pricing and your footfall improvements would 
more than compensate for your cost increases. 
Abneesh Roy: Sir you addressed the M&A events, which have happened in the 
earlier part of the concall. I have a further followup on that. From a two player 
market now we are looking at the four player market the two addition specially 
being Cinepolis and Carnival, so if you could specifically comment on these two 
are you taking them now seriously in your micro market and second is from a 
two player market if it does become eventually a four player market how does it 
impact the pricing, occupancy etc.? 
Deepak Asher: Well first of all I would like to say we always take all 
competition seriously. So it is not as if this acquisition has changed the 
situation. Earlier also there used to be Big Cinemas and there used be Fun and 
all of these were national players and to that extent there were serious 
competition. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q3FY15 Results January 16, 2015 | Conference Call 
Abneesh Roy: But Sir, there were a bit defocused if I would like to add if you 
see for Fun again the focus was not really there and clearly Big also the same 
issue was there. Now if you see for these two clearly Cinepolis it is a global 
player and Carnival a very little is known but the way they are expanding clearly 
seems to be very focused. So I think there is a difference there? 
Deepak Asher: Surely yes, but that really brings me to the second part of the 
answer which is how do we see the competition going forward and how we think 
it will impact our business. Well considering the fact that at a macro level we 
are still less than two screens per million population of multiplex density 
compared to countries like China which have 25 to 27 screens per million 
population, we believe that there still significant room for growth. There is 
ample room for all of us to grow as fast as our business plan will permit us to 
do, and more, and we are still at least five to ten years away before we start 
trampling on each other’s feet. 
Abneesh Roy: I will come back later. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Kumar from 
Espirito Santo Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Kumar: Just a couple of bookkeeping questions to begin with. If you 
could just give me the breakup of revenue consolidated revenue breakup for the 
quarter? 
Deepak Asher: You mean breakup in terms of what? 
Amit Kumar: Box-office, F&B, advertising and everything else? 
Deepak Asher: If you look at my total nine-month FY 2015 revenue it is 
804.73 Crores. 
Amit Kumar: Sir I am sorry to interrupt if you could give it for the third quarter 
we already have your first quarter and second quarter numbers? 
Deepak Asher: You want the breakup for the third quarter. The total revenue 
is INR 304.85 Crores of this gross box-office accounted for INR 201.75 Crores, 
F&B revenues accounted for INR 55.63 Crores, advertising revenues accounted 
for INR 28.92 Crores and other operating revenues accounted for INR 18.55 
Crores. 
Amit Kumar: My second just again a bookkeeping question Sir I missed your 
footfall number for this quarter? 
Deepak Asher: Let me just scan through to that and get back to you give me a 
moment. Footfalls for this quarter were 11.6mn. 
Amit Kumar: My final question Sir, at the beginning of the year in terms of our 
discussion, you were looking at almost additions of close to 50, 60 screens we 
have done Satyam so that has clearly added about 38 screens to our mix so far 
in first nine-months organically we have done just about I mean till date we 
have just done about 15, 16 odd screens, so where is the slippage really coming 
from and what are we doing to sort of mitigate this particular aspect in terms of 
organic screen addition Sir? 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q3FY15 Results January 16, 2015 | Conference Call 
Deepak Asher: You are right. Our organic growth in the first nine-months has 
not been as robust as we had planned. It is just I would say a queer fate of 
circumstances. Some of our properties got stuck up - at least in two cases 
where the developers ran into financial crunch, in three cases the developer ran 
into some regulatory issues in terms of getting the fire NOCs and the 
occupational certificates for the buildings, so I would say we have had the 
misfortune of six or seven properties getting stuck up over the last eight or nine 
months on issues, which we have ourselves had no control over because they 
were all attributed to the mall developer. However going forward, as I 
mentioned we have reassessed our property line up. We have kept aside the 
ones that we believe could fall into this kind of a problem and we would assume 
that on a more conservative basis by March we would expect to open four 
properties and 12 screens. So to that extent we have down scaled our organic 
growth plans for the next three months to make them more realistic. 
Amit Kumar: How does then given the fact that you will have these previous 
properties also coming on board how would next year look in that aspect? 
Deepak Asher: Well I do not have the numbers specifically for the next year, 
but as I said beyond this four properties and 12 screens that we expect to open 
by March, we have a lineup, which would include some of these properties 
which will got delayed, of 38 more properties and 169 screens that we would 
expect to open after March 2015. 
Amit Kumar: But this 169 screens would obviously not at all come in one single 
year so for next year or either for the next two, three years, what is the sort of 
capability of the company how many screens will you sort of add organically if 
you could give us a broad sort of entry on this? 
Deepak Asher: Well, as I said we have a property lineup. I have not gone to 
the extent of giving an annual breakup but I would say around 50 screens a 
year is something that you would expect to see at a more conservative basis. 
Amit Kumar: Thank you so much Sir. This is all on my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Urmil Shah from 
MayBank. Please go ahead. 
Urmil Shah: Congrats for a strong quarter and thanks for taking my question. 
Sir first one was on fourth quarter, while adjusted for the World Cup, which will 
come in, do you think that the content at least the profile of the movies which 
are slated are better than what they were in the previous two years or my 
reading is wrong in this case? 
Deepak Asher: I would agree with that. The expectation on the content for Q4 
of this financial year is better than the expectation on the content that we had 
in Q4 of the earlier years. 
Urmil Shah: You see that has a change wherein the dependence on the second 
and third quarter will gradually go down and or this would be just subject to 
only this year, because even last year we had seen good movies that came up 
in the fourth quarter? 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q3FY15 Results January 16, 2015 | Conference Call 
Deepak Asher: Well that, frankly speaking, is difficult to answer. We will have 
to see how these movies perform. Currently we are judging based on 
expectations, but at the end of the day it is footfalls that count so we will have 
to say how that works out. 
Urmil Shah: Thanks. My rest of the questions have been answered. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Riken Gopani from 
Infina Finance. Please go ahead. 
Riken Gopani: Sir first thing that I would like to understand is what would be 
the like-to-like footfall growth? 
Deepak Asher: Would you Define what do you mean by like-to-like? 
Riken Gopani: Screens, on an organic basis were there for you last year as 
well? 
Deepak Asher: So you are saying comparable properties right? Footfall for 
comparable properties in Q3 of FY 2014 was 8.8mn in Q3 of FY 2015 was 9.6mn 
so there is a growth of about 9%. 
Riken Gopani: Basically for the like-to-like properties you have a 9% footfall 
growth and ticket price increase of about 7% to 8% right - that is the revenue 
growth? 
Deepak Asher: Like I said like-to-like ATP increase would be about 5% from 
163 to 171. 
Riken Gopani: Sir, would like your observation also on the fact that you said 
that this quarter the occupancy was 28% right? 
Deepak Asher: Yes that is correct. 
Riken Gopani: Given the strong content that was there what would be the 
reason for occupancy level still not moving to a 30% kind of level any specific 
observation that you would like to make there? 
Deepak Asher: Well again to some extent pure occupancy measure is a bit 
misleading because if I do an average of six shows a day I could do add a 
seventh show, which operates at 15% occupancy which would actually drive 
down my occupancy in percentage terms but would still be accretive in terms of 
footfalls. So I just would like to kind of caveat the measure of occupancy by 
saying that it is not the be all and end all of performance. 
Riken Gopani: So what you are basically saying the average number of shows 
have actually gone up per screen? 
Deepak Asher: Over the last 12 months I would say that. 
Riken Gopani: Can you quantify it by any means? 
Deepak Asher: I do not have that off hand but I could probably kind of dig that 
out and share it with you. 
Riken Gopani: One other question was in terms of your ad revenue growths for 
the quarter, that on a like-to-like basis would be 50% up or what would be the 
number? 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q3FY15 Results January 16, 2015 | Conference Call 
Deepak Asher: Pure ad revenue as I mentioned to you on a per screen basis 
was INR0.53mn per screen in Q3 of FY 2014 that has gone up to INR0.85mn 
per screen in FY 2015 so that is a 60% growth. In absolute value considering 
the fact that the screens also went up, in absolute value the Ad Revenues in Q3 
of FY 2014 was INR145.8mn this has gone up to INR289.2mn so that is more 
than doubled. 
Riken Gopani: The other operating income it seems that on a YoY basis it is 
flat is that a correct observation and if yes what would be the reason for that? 
Deepak Asher: Well in Q3 of FY14 we had a little bit of a blip in the sense that 
we had a significant other operating income on internet booking that we booked 
in that quarter and therefore in that sense it is not an apple-to-apple 
comparison. 
Riken Gopani: One last thing if you could help me understand as to I think this 
has been asked to you in the previous calls but just to understand is the context 
that at what rate of GST would you be neutral and what rate of GST would you 
actually be beneficial? 
Deepak Asher: Again that is a tough call to make because GST would have 
impacts on several parameters as far as we are concerned. First of all instead of 
entertainment tax that we pay on topline which is currently at about 19%, we 
would pay GST. On the other hand, this would also mean a change in net box-
office collection and therefore because to the extent that payouts to distributors 
are on net box-office collections, the payouts to distributors also could go down 
or up depending what we expect GST rate is. Thirdly, the service taxes I pay on 
my inputs which is the service tax on property rentals and the service tax and 
the VAT on F&B inputs would then be set-offable  so therefore would cease to be 
a cost.  Again I am just kind of thinking aloud I would assume that a 22% to 
23% GST rate I would probably be breakeven, if it is lower than that, it would 
be value accretive for me. 
Riken Gopani: That is it. Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sneha Agarwal 
from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sneha Agarwal: My question has been answered. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Apoorva Mehta 
from KSA Shares and Securities. Please go ahead. 
Apoorva Mehta: Congrats for the good set of numbers. Sir my question is can 
we, going ahead maintain this average ticket rate of 175 going ahead not fourth 
quarter but next full year and above? 
Deepak Asher: On a long-term basis yes. I do not see any reason as to why 
we should not be able to maintain it in fact you might see a 4% to 5% 
inflationary growth in the ATP. 
Apoorva Mehta: On advertising front, how much room can we expect going up 
another 30%, 40% next year? 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q3FY15 Results January 16, 2015 | Conference Call 
Deepak Asher: Yes, I would say, our internal target is to see advertising and 
other operating income to improve by 25% to 30% on a per screen basis. 
Apoorva Mehta: What will be the capex for next year any figures? 
Deepak Asher: Well, roughly we spend about INR2 Crores per screen so 
depending on how many screens we will be able to operationalize in the next 
year we can work out the capex. 
Apoorva Mehta: Any figure yet you want to put for sale of this treasury shares 
coming ahead, when can we expect anything going next six months or like, 
down the line? 
Deepak Asher: I do not think we can discuss that. There is no decision taken 
yet. Obviously it is the sale will be at market prices, so it is a function of how 
the market behaves as well. 
Apoorva Mehta: Thank you Sir and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Swanand Kelkar 
from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Swanand Kelkar: Quick question on the debt. If I remember right you had a 
bridge loan which you had to repay in the month of December so has that been 
repaid and going forward where will finance cost and interest cost settle or is 
the quarter representative in that sense? 
Deepak Asher: Well no the quarter is not representative because the quarter 
has more debt than what we would expect to be on the balance sheet for the 
long-term and as I mentioned if the current gross debt is 324 Crores against 
that we have treasury stock of 1 Crore share which at current market price 
would be about INR175 – INR180 Crores so the net debt is about 150 Crores on 
the balance sheet right now and therefore from reasonably long-term 
perspective I would assume that the interest could be a function of that net 
debt. 
Swanand Kelkar: The other question was in terms of the screen addition 
guidance that you have given for the next year if I got it right you expect to end 
this year at 377 screens and 546 for the next year? 
Deepak Asher: Well again to be fair yes 377 by March 31, 2015 is correct and 
then I said we had a pipeline of 169 screens. I did not suggest that we would do 
all of that in the next twelve months. We did not put a timeframe on that, 
except to indicate that we have signed up these properties once these are 
operationalized when the malls are ready. 
Swanand Kelkar: Any sense you could give on how much in the next twelve 
months you could do? 
Deepak Asher: Without reference to the next twelve months you would expect 
the screen addition of about 50 to 60 screens per annum going forward. 
Swanand Kelkar: Thanks and congrats on a great set of numbers. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dheeresh Pathak 
from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q3FY15 Results January 16, 2015 | Conference Call 
Dheeresh Pathak: Sir on the GST question again, so one is of course what the 
rate would be. Now just hypothetically assuming the rate is the same which is 
the entertainment tax it will also be a benefit like you explained earlier of being 
able to offset certain input taxes from the output taxes that you pay. So that 
benefit if you could just refresh again assuming there is no change in the rate, 
what is that benefit? 
Deepak Asher: If there is no change in the rate meaning for example if my 
topline tax rate remains the same and hence I am different in terms of net 
topline and payout to distributors, I would expect anywhere between 2% to 3% 
of revenues as margin expansion because of fact that my input taxes will then 
be set-off against my output taxes. 
Dheeresh Pathak: So on the cash side, you said gross debt of 325, 1 Crore 
treasury shares there is no cash on the balance sheet? 
Deepak Asher: Well, nothing significant there would be some cash for day-to-
day operations. 
Dheeresh Pathak: So that whatever we realized from selling the treasury 
shares we have paid off? 
Deepak Asher: We paid off the debt which was due on I think December 29 or 
30. 
Dheeresh Pathak: Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from 
Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: Sir my follow up question is on ticket price increase. Sir last few 
years the multiplex industry has managed to get 5%, 6% price hike every year, 
but if you see the current scenario everything is coming off the food inflation 
you see is quite comfortable now, petrol prices are down, in this kind of a 
relative scenario, do not you think this 4% to 5% price hike, will be seen the 
consumers has bit harsh because of the relative pricing gap, which will come 
now because there is other things cooling off, other consumption cooling off? 
Deepak Asher: No I do not think so, frankly speaking we believe cinema ticket 
prices is going to be driven more by content than inflation and if the content 
pipeline is strong and robust enough you could expect a strong and robust 
average ticket price increase as well. 
Abneesh Roy: That is not true because if you see last four quarters except Q3 
content was much below average still you got the ticket price increase? 
Deepak Asher: Okay let me rephrase that. Ticket prices usually are driven by 
content expectations rather than content performance. So if you for example 
had a blockbuster expectation your ticket price would actually be INR180, 
INR190 regardless if it did not perform you would probably take that content off 
in one weeks time but it would still help in improving prices, in fact if you see 
what has happened in the first two quarters of the year is that our ticket prices 
were still strong enough, but our occupancies were pretty low, because content 
did not perform very well. So as I said ticket prices are driven by content but 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q3FY15 Results January 16, 2015 | Conference Call 
they have more driven by content expectations and if for example the content 
actually performs well, you will see that strong ticket pricing sustained for a 
longer period of time which is what has happened in PK. 
Abneesh Roy: Sir now the interest rate cut cycle has started so how will we be 
benefiting? Will that be complete pass through? That is the first question. 
Second Sir again discretionary consumption, the loans, the EMIs will come off so 
do you expect the discretionary consumption to start benefiting very quickly or 
there will be a lag impact, a lag impact of at least two, three quarters, before 
the discretionary consumption like yours benefit from the cut in the interest 
rates? 
Deepak Asher: Well again it is difficult for me to put a finger on a timeframe as 
to when but clearly speaking based on elemental logic one would expect that 
has, people have more discretionary spend ability because of the rate reduction 
that would be positive for the industry. Your first question was whether you 
would pass on the benefit of the rate reduction to the consumer frankly 
speaking I do not think thats how it works, you usually price to the market and 
not price based on your cost structure, so to the extent that the market can 
absorb a certain price level at a certain occupancy level that is how you price 
the tickets, regardless of whether your cost of money is at 25 basis points 
higher or lower. 
Abneesh Roy: Sir my last question is one food F&B you are quite positive Sir, 
can you give some insights what exactly are you doing there? Are you 
benchmarking here the other players? What else are you doing what will drive 
the increase in spends in this in the next one to two years? 
Deepak Asher: I will request the CEO Alok to take this question since it is more 
operational related. 
Alok Tandon: What we are doing where  F&B is concerned is that we are 
changing our menu on a regular basis, that is the first thing so that menu 
fatigue does not set in. Number two is that after every couple of weeks we 
design and have a new combo, a food combo and it is designed on the name of 
the movie and a lot of activities go around it and a lot of work has gone to 
promote these particular combos. Let me give you a classical example during 
Christmas we had new flavors of popcorn introduced whether it was a Mexican 
cheese flavor, or the sweet chilly barbeque or the sour cream onion, so it is 
nothing but giving more variety to a guest charging it accordingly and seeing to 
it that he looks forward to eating a new item every time he comes to an Inox 
property. So we have done various things  over a period of time, to see that the 
F&B revenues go up. 
Abneesh Roy: Sir innovation in F&B is extremely difficult, we are seeing even 
the QSR again struggled with that. My question is, are you doing this in on your 
screens and how are you managing the backend because in such high 
innovation backend can be a huge bottleneck, so if you could elaborate that part 
or are you completely outsourcing this? 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q3FY15 Results January 16, 2015 | Conference Call 
Alok Tandon: Well answering your first question first, yes it is happening all 
across all our properties and we have got a complete team of people who have 
got  food and beverage knowledge and background and they are the ones who 
are creating recipes and finding vendors    across all our properties. 
Abneesh Roy: Sir during the screening are you taking orders from customers - 
other players are trying that - have you started that? 
Alok Tandon: What is most important for us is the customer’s experience when 
he is watching a movie so hence  food is served or the order is taken  only 
before the movie starts or during the interval. We may take the order before the 
movie starts but we will deliver it only during the interval, not while the show is 
going on. 
Abneesh Roy: That is useful. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Kumar from 
Espirito Santo Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Kumar: Sir actually most of my questions have been answered. Actually 
just one small follow up on this F&B strategy. In some of your high-end 
cinemas, you have even offerings like Pizza etc., which are to the best of my 
understanding not available across the entire chain and certainly not in tier 2 
and tier 3 towns, but is the visibility on that also sort of changing where you are 
able to offer those kind of INR200 or INR300 kind of items in your cinemas if 
not exactly in tier 2 an tier 3 towns at least beyond the metros some of the 
larger towns which are next in line? 
Alok Tandon: Well if I got your question right you are saying that whether I 
am able to command a higher spend per head in a tier 2 or a tier 3 city? 
Amit Kumar: Actually let me rephrase what I am saying is that you have some 
very high value item for example in your Inox Nariman Point property you have 
some high-end Pizza chain offering Pizza slices which I would presume is not 
going to be there available across and popcorn, cola these are items which will 
be there all across, but do you see an increasing visibility that you will be able 
to offer this kind of premium high-end food and beverage experience in more 
and more towns and cities going beyond? 
Alok Tandon: Yes your thinking is correct, this is something which has been 
seen over a period of time and in the future also we will see that people spend 
more on gourmetfood - absolutely. 
Amit Kumar: That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The last question is from the line of Urvil Bhatt from 
IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Bijal Shah: This is Bijal from IIFL. Congratulations on good numbers. My first 
question is on advertising so your advertising per screen has grown very 
significantly and you expect another 25% growth next year. So what is it that 
suddenly happened or why the growth is significantly improved and you 
expected to remain very good going forward? 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q3FY15 Results January 16, 2015 | Conference Call 
Alok Tandon:  As I said, in the last concall a lot of emphasis is there now on 
advertising. We have a new go to the market approach where we have had a lot 
of direct clients this time and in this quarter especially, they have advertised 
with us. We have had some new people or new brands, which have come and 
who have shown their onscreen ads at Inox Properties. Also what we have done 
is that apart from having direct clients we have also pushed the agencies and 
we have sat with various agencies and had more orders coming to us apart from 
we sitting with the media planners of various companies and sitting with the 
people who spend money on advertising and designing onscreen and off screen 
activities together with them; so these are the few steps we have taken to see 
that our advertising revenues increase. 
Bijal Shah: Second question is on content so as you mentioned that this 
quarter you had actually three very good big budget movies coming so I just 
want to understand that should we look at this quarter’s numbers has really 
having very strong impact of these movies and though content pipeline always 
looks good but it may not be really as good as what we have seen in this 
quarter and probably we can see some drop in some kind of improvement we 
have seen in footfalls and ATP may not be sustainable? 
Deepak Asher: Well as we have been saying at the end of the day it is a 
content driven game, but again from a long-term perspective we have seen the 
because of digitization of movies, wider releases, we have seen the fact that 
contents actually have a stronger payback, more footfalls because of the 
impacts that wider releases have on curtailing piracy. We would expect the 
content pipeline to be strong enough and the performance driven by the content 
pipeline in a wider footprint of releases to help our footfalls and ticket pricing. 
Bijal Shah: I understand that of course I am just asking a question that this 
quarter’s content was really good so next four quarters you know what is 
content pipeline? What is your assessment on next four quarters content vis-à-
vis this quarter’s content is this better equal or not as good as what we have 
seen in last quarter? 
Deepak Asher: Well again may be the last quarter is an aberration to compare 
with but I have no reason to believe that the content overall in FY 2016 would 
not be as good as, in fact we would expect it to be better than, the content 
overall in FY 2015. 
Bijal Shah: That is the answer I was looking for. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Alankar Garude 
for his closing comments. 
Alankar Garude: Thanks everyone for participating in this concall. A special 
thanks to the management for giving us this opportunity. Have a great day and 
weekend ahead. 
Deepak Asher: Once again thank you to everybody who took the time and the 
interest to attend this call and thanks for hosting, Edelweiss. Thank you very 
much. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q3FY15 Results January 16, 2015 | Conference Call 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of 
Edelweiss Securities that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q3FY15 Results January 16, 2015 | Conference Call 
DISCLAIMER  
This report has been prepared by Edelweiss Securities Limited (Edelweiss). This report does not constitute an offer or solicitation 
for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument or as an official confirmation of any transaction. The information contained 
herein is from publicly available data or other sources believed to be reliable. This report is provided for assistance only and is not 
intended to be and must not alone be taken as the basis for an investment decision. The user assumes the entire risk of any use 
made of this information. Each recipient of this report should make such investigation as it deems necessary to arrive at an 
independent evaluation of an investment in the securities of companies referred to in this document (including the merits and 
risks involved), and should consult his own advisors to determine the merits and risks of such investment. The investment 
discussed or views expressed may not be suitable for all investors. This information is strictly confidential and is being furnished to 
you solely for your information. This information should not be reproduced or redistributed or passed on directly or indirectly in 
any form to any other person or published, copied, in whole or in part, for any purpose. This report is not directed or intended for 
distribution to, or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any locality, state, country or other 
jurisdiction, where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to law, regulation or which would subject 
Edelweiss and affiliates/ group companies to any registration or licensing requirements within such jurisdiction. The distribution 
of this report in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law, and persons in whose possession this report comes, should 
observe, any such restrictions. The information given in this report is as of the date of this report and there can be no assurance 
that future results or events will be consistent with this information. This information is subject to change without any prior 
notice. Edelweiss reserves the right to make modifications and alterations to this statement as may be required from time to 
time. Edelweiss or any of its affiliates/ group companies shall not be in any way responsible for any loss or damage that may arise 
to any person from any inadvertent error in the information contained in this report. Edelweiss is committed to providing 
independent and transparent recommendation to its clients. Neither Edelweiss nor any of its affiliates, group companies, 
directors, employees, agents or representatives shall be liable for any damages whether direct, indirect, special or consequential 
including loss of revenue or lost profits that may arise from or in connection with the use of the information. Past performance is 
not necessarily a guide to future performance. The disclosures of interest statements incorporated in this report are provided 
solely to enhance the transparency and should not be treated as endorsement of the views expressed in the report. The 
information provided in these reports remains, unless otherwise stated, the copyright of Edelweiss. All layout, design, original 
artwork, concepts and other Intellectual Properties, remains the property and copyright of Edelweiss and may not be used in any 
form or for any purpose whatsoever by any party without the express written permission of the copyright holders.  
 
Edelweiss shall not be liable for any delay or any other interruption which may occur in presenting the data due to any reason 
including network (Internet) reasons or snags in the system, break down of the system or any other equipment, server 
breakdown, maintenance shutdown, breakdown of communication services or inability of the Edelweiss to present the data. In no 
event shall the Edelweiss be liable for any damages, including without limitation direct or indirect, special, incidental, or 
consequential damages, losses or expenses arising in connection with the data presented by the Edelweiss through this report. 
 
Analyst Certification: 
The analyst for this report certifies that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect his or her personal views about 
the subject company or companies and its or their securities, and no part of his or her compensation was, is or will be, directly or 
indirectly related to specific recommendations or views expressed in this report.  
 
Additional Disclaimers 
Disclaimer for U.S. Persons 
This research report is a product of Edelweiss Securities Limited, which is the employer of the research analyst(s) who has 
prepared the research report. The research analyst(s) preparing the research report is/are resident outside the United States 
(U.S.) and are not associated persons of any U.S. regulated broker-dealer and therefore the analyst(s) is/are not subject to 
supervision by a U.S. broker-dealer, and is/are not required to satisfy the regulatory licensing requirements of FINRA or required 
to otherwise comply with U.S. rules or regulations regarding, among other things, communications with a subject company, public 
appearances and trading securities held by a research analyst account. 
 
This report is intended for distribution by Edelweiss Securities Limited only to "Major Institutional Investors" as defined by Rule 
15a-6(b)(4) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act, 1934 (the Exchange Act) and interpretations thereof by U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC) in reliance on Rule 15a 6(a)(2). If the recipient of this report is not a Major Institutional Investor as 
specified above, then it should not act upon this report and return the same to the sender. Further, this report may not be copied, 
duplicated and/or transmitted onward to any U.S. person, which is not the Major Institutional Investor. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | INOX Leisure Limited 
Q3FY15 Results January 16, 2015 | Conference Call 
 
Access the entire repository of Edelweiss Research on www.edelresearch.com 
In reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Rule 15a-6 of the Exchange Act and interpretations thereof by the SEC 
in order to conduct certain business with Major Institutional Investors, Edelweiss Securities Limited has entered into an 
agreement with a U.S. registered broker-dealer, Enclave Capital, LLC ("Enclave"). Transactions in securities discussed in this 
research report should be effected through Enclave Capital, LLC. 
Disclaimer for U.K. Persons 
The contents of this research report have not been approved by an authorised person within the meaning of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA").  
In the United Kingdom, this research report is being distributed only to and is directed only at (a) persons who have professional 
experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the FSMA (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the 
“Order”); (b) persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (including high net worth companies and unincorporated 
associations); and (c) any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together being 
referred to as “relevant persons”). 
This research report must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment 
activity to which this research report relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant 
persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this research report or any of its contents. This 
research report must not be distributed, published, reproduced or disclosed (in whole or in part) by recipients to any other 
person.  
Disclaimer for Canadian Persons 
This research report is a product of Edelweiss Securities Limited ("ESL"), which is the employer of the research analysts who have 
prepared the research report.  The research analysts preparing the research report are resident outside the Canada and are not 
associated persons of any Canadian registered adviser and/or dealer and, therefore, the analysts are not subject to supervision by 
a Canadian registered adviser and/or dealer, and are not required to satisfy the regulatory licensing requirements of the Ontario 
Securities Commission, other Canadian provincial securities regulators, the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of 
Canada and are not required to otherwise comply with Canadian rules or regulations regarding, among other things, the research 
analysts' business or relationship with a subject company or trading of securities by a research analyst. 
This report is intended for distribution by ESL only to "Permitted Clients" (as defined in National Instrument 31-103 ("NI 31-103")) 
who are resident in the Province of Ontario, Canada (an "Ontario Permitted Client").  If the recipient of this report is not an 
Ontario Permitted Client, as specified above, then the recipient should not act upon this report and should return the report to 
the sender.  Further, this report may not be copied, duplicated and/or transmitted onward to any Canadian person. 
ESL is relying on an exemption from the adviser and/or dealer registration requirements under NI 31-103 available to certain 
international advisers and/or dealers.  Please be advised that (i) ESL is not registered in the Province of Ontario to trade in 
securities nor is it registered in the Province of Ontario to provide advice with respect to securities; (ii) ESL's head office or 
principal place of business is located in India; (iii) all or substantially all of ESL's assets may be situated outside of Canada; (iv) 
there may be difficulty enforcing legal rights against ESL because of the above; and (v) the name and address of the ESL's agent for 
service of process in the Province of Ontario is: Bamac Services Inc., 181 Bay Street, Suite 2100, Toronto, Ontario M5J 2T3 Canada. 
Disclosures under the provisions of SEBI (Research Analysts) Regulations 2014 (Regulations) 
Edelweiss Securities Limited (“ESL” or “Research Entity”) is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) and is 
licensed to carry on the business of broking, depository services and related activities. The business of ESL and its associates are 
organized around five broad business groups – Credit including Housing and SME Finance, Commodities, Financial Markets, Asset 
Management and Life Insurance. There were no instances of non-compliance by ESL on any matter related to the capital markets, 
resulting in significant and material disciplinary action during the last three years except that ESL had submitted an offer of 
settlement with Securities and Exchange commission, USA (SEC) and the same has been accepted by SEC without admitting or 
denying the findings in relation to their charges of non registration as a broker dealer. Research reports are distributed as per 
Regulation 22(1) of the Regulations. An application is filed for obtaining registration under Regulation 3 of the Regulations. 
