
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited  
Q3FY15 Results 
 January 19, 2015 | 12 p.m. IST 
 
 
 
 
Corporate Participants 
Mr. Vivek Jain 
Managing Director 
 
Mr. Deepak Asher 
Director And Group Head – Corporate Finance 
 
Mr. Devansh Jain 
Director, Wind Business  
 
 
   
 
 
   
Conference Call Transcript
 
 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited  
Q3FY15 Results January 19, 2015 | Conference Call 
Questions and Answers 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and welcome to the Q3 FY 
2015 Financial Results of Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited. As a reminder all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions at the end of today’s presentation. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” 
and then “0” on your touchtone phone. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Niraj Mansingka Associate Director, IE Research of Edelweiss 
Financial Services Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Niraj Mansingka: Thank you Karuna. Good afternoon to you all for joining us 
today. We would like to welcome Mr. Vivek Jain – Managing Director; Mr. 
Deepak Asher – Director & Group Head, Corporate Finance, and Mr. Devesh Jain 
– Director (Wind Business) from Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited. Thanking 
them for giving us time and an opportunity to host this call. Today, they will be 
sharing with us their company’s Q3 FY 2015 results and business updates. Over 
to you all! 
Deepak Asher: Thank you very much Niraj. A very good afternoon to all of 
you, this is Deepak Asher here, Director and Group Head Corporate Finance of 
the Inox Group of Companies. On behalf of the Board and the management of 
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited, I wish you a very Happy New Year and I am 
pleased to extend to you a very warm welcome to this earnings call organized 
by Edelweiss. 
 I am extremely grateful to all of you for your time and the interest that you 
have shown in tracking the performance of this company.  I am joined this 
afternoon by our Managing Director Mr. Vivek Jain and Mr. Devesh Jain who 
spearheads our Wind Energy business. 
 The Board of Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited approved the financial results for 
the quarter and nine months ended December 2014 at its meeting held on 
Saturday. The financial results and an earnings presentation have been 
uploaded on the company website and has also been sent to the Stock 
Exchanges. In addition to the financial results, as requireds have been published 
in Newspapers. I would like to take you through some of the key financial and 
operational highlights as regards the performance of the company. 
 I would like to start by giving an overview of the financial performance of the 
company at a consolidated level. The numbers for Q3 of the financial year 2014-
2015 are compared with the numbers of Q3 of the financial year 2013-2014 for 
a YoY comparison and then with the numbers of Q2 of Financial Year 2014-2015 
for a QoQ comparison. To complete the picture, I shall also give you a 
comparison for cumulative nine months figure in relation to the corresponding 
nine months of the last year. 
 First the big picture.  At a consolidated level, total income from operations 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited  
Q3FY15 Results January 19, 2015 | Conference Call 
increased from INR 8.58bn in Q3 of FY 2014 to INR 16.21bn in Q3 of FY 2015, a 
jump of 89%.  In relation to Q2 of FY 2015 the increase was from INR 12.76bn 
to INR.16.21bn, an increase of 27%. The nine months figures were INR 22.58bn 
for FY 2014, which increased to INR 37.88bn - an increase of 68% in the nine 
month ended December FY 2015. 
 EBITDA, which is earnings before interest tax and depreciation increased from 
INR 1.47bn, which is  what it was in Q3 of FY 2014 to INR 3.08bn in Q3 of FY 
2015, an increase of 109%. For the nine month period EBITDA increase from 
INR 4.86bn from FY 2014 nine months to INR 7.95bn, for nine months of FY 
2015, an increase of 64%. Profit after tax but before minority interest increased 
from INR 360mn in Q3 of FY 2014 to INR 1.37bn in Q3 of FY 2015 an increase 
of 280%. The QoQ comparison shows the profit after tax before minority 
interest increased from INR 1.22bn in Q2 of FY 2015 to INR 1.37bn in Q3 of FY 
2015, an increase of 12%. For the nine month period the profit after tax before 
minority interest increased from INR 1.66bn for the nine months of FY 2014 to 
INR 3.11bn for the nine month of FY 2015 an increase of 87%. 
 This of course is the overall consolidated picture of GFL’s financial performance. 
As you are aware GFL owns several businesses. It owns 100% of the chemical 
business which is housed directly  within GFL. It also owns 75% of the Wind 
Turbine manufacturing business, which is carried out by INOX Wind Limited 
100% of the wind farming business, which is carried out by INOX Renewable 
Limited and around 49% of the Cinema Exhibition Business, which is carried out 
by INOX Leisure Limited. INOX Wind Limited and INOX Renewable Limited are 
unlisted subsidiaries  where as INOX Leisure Limited is a listed subsidiary. I 
would like to share with you the business wise key numbers in order to enable 
you to appreciate how each of these businesses had performed individually. 
 On the Chemical business side, total income from operations increased from 
INR 3.15bn in Q3 of FY 2014 to around INR 3.32bn in Q3 of FY 2015 an increase 
of 5%. Nine month figures increased from INR 8.32bn in FY 2014 to INR 9.75bn 
in FY 2015, an increase of about 17%. EBITDA increased from INR 640mn in Q3 
of FY 2014 to INR 840mn in Q3 of FY 2015 an increase of about 31%. EBITDA 
for the nine months period increased from INR 1.97bn in FY 2014 to INR 2.56bn 
in FY 2015 an increase of 30%. PAT increased from INR 150mn in Q3 of FY 
2014 to INR 270mn in Q3 of FY 2015 an increase of 80%. For the nine month 
period the PAT increased from INR 650mn in FY 2014 to INR 820mn in FY 2015 
which is an increase of 26%.  
 On the Wind Turbine Manufacturing business, the total income from operations 
increased from INR 2.84bn in Q3 of FY 2014 to INR 9.32bn in Q3 of FY 2015 an 
increase of 228%. Even on a QoQ basis the total income of operations increased 
from INR 5.43bn in Q2 of FY 2015 to INR 9.32bn in Q3 of FY 2015 an increase 
of 72%. For the nine month period, total income of operation increased from 
INR 8.77bn in FY 2014 to INR 17.79bn in FY 2015, an increase of 102%. 
 EBITDA increased from INR 350mn in Q3 FY 2014 to INR 1.56bn in Q3 FY 2015 
an increase of 345%. For the nine months period the EBITDA increased from 
INR 1.30bn in FY 2014 to INR 2.98bn in FY 2015, an increase of 129%. Profit 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited  
Q3FY15 Results January 19, 2015 | Conference Call 
after tax in the Wind Turbine Manufacturing business increased from INR 190mn 
in FY 2014 Q3 to INR 1.01bn in FY 2015 Q3, an increase of 431%. Even on a 
QOQ basis the profit after tax in the Wind Turbine Manufacturing business 
increased from INR 550mn in Q2 of FY 2015 to INR 1.01bn in Q3 of FY 2015, an 
increase of 83%. For a nine months period the profit after tax increased from 
INR 870mn in FY 2014 to INR 1.79bn in FY 2015, an increase of 105%. 
 In the Wind Farming business essentially because of the seasonality, total 
income of operations reduced from INR 330mn in Q3 of FY 2014 to INR 270mn 
in Q3 of FY 2015, a drop of 19%; however, on a nine month basis the total 
income of operation increased from INR 1.37bn to INR 1.55bn, which is a 13% 
increase. Similarly while EBITDA also showed a drop of 20% from INR 290mn in 
Q3 of FY 2014 to INR 230mn in Q3 of FY 2015 on a nine month basis, the 
increase in EBITDA is about 15% which is INR 1.26bn in FY 2014 to INR 1.45bn 
in FY 2015. PAT similarly increased by about 73% for the nine month period 
from INR 150mn in FY 2014 to INR 260mn in FY 2015 for the Wind Farming 
business. 
 Lastly, on the Cinema Exhibition business total income from operation 
increased from INR 2.14bn in Q3 of FY 2014 to INR 3.01bn in Q3 of FY 2015, an 
increase of 40%. For the nine month period total income from operation 
increased from INR 6.80bn in FY 2014 to INR 7.99bn in FY 2015, which is an 
increase of 18%. Earnings before interest tax and depreciation increased from 
INR 280mn in Q3 of FY 2014 to INR 500mn in Q3 of FY 2015, an increase of 
80%. on a QoQ basis the earnings before interest tax and depreciation 
increased from INR 370mn in Q2 of FY 2015 to INR 500mn in Q3 of FY 2015, an 
increase of 35%. On a nine monthly basis EBITDA increased by 8% from INR 
1.08bn in FY 2014 to INR 1.17bn in FY 2015.  
 PAT increased on a YoY basis from INR 60mn in Q3 of FY 2014 to INR 140mn in 
Q3 of FY 2015. On a QoQ basis the increase is 180% from INR 50mn in Q2 of FY 
2015 to INR 140mn in Q3 of FY 2015.  
These are the financial numbers. Beyond the numbers a few words on the 
outlook for each of the businesses. 
 On the Chemical business we have been maintaining for the last couple of 
quarters that going forward we expect to see an increase in topline and a more 
than proportionate improvement in the bottomline due to a combination of 
several factors including higher capacity utilization in the PTFE facility, improved 
PTFE realization as we churn the product mix to higher value added grades, 
and, after reaching full capacity utilization, shed the lower value added grades, 
several cost reductions and revenue enhancement schemes that we are 
currently implementing, and our entry into  the Fluoro Speciality segment. 
 To some extent these improvements have taken longer than what we had 
planned at the beginning of this year. However, the directional trend remains 
the same and we expect a full fructification of these benefits over the next few 
quarters. 
 On the Wind Turbine manufacturing business the regulatory environment is 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited  
Q3FY15 Results January 19, 2015 | Conference Call 
positive reflected by stable attractive wind policies across the four states in 
which we have a strong presence in the current year, reintroduction of 
accelerated depreciation and the continuation of 80IA benefits, SAD exemption 
on components imported for manufacturing wind turbines and the financial 
release of the promised GBI incentives, and all these regulatory developments 
augur well for the sector. We presently have an order book in excess of 1250 
MW for wind farm projects in Gujarat, Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Madhya 
Pradesh. Our aggregate land bank today is in excess of 4000MW. As some of 
you may be aware INOX Wind has filed a DRHP with SEBI which has been 
cleared, and hence, respecting regulatory guidelines, our ability to share with 
you, information that is not avail in the public domain will be restricted and we 
request you to kindly respect this limitation. 
 In the Wind Farming business we should see some modest capacity additions 
this year, and going forward, from the equity provided by the cash generated by 
the business and the debt that can be raised by leveraging that equity. We do 
not expect to make any incremental cash investments in this business.  
 In the Multiplex business, we expect to maintain the momentum of growth and 
profitability backed by a steady property pipeline, which we are currently 
implementing, the robust flow of content and several measures we are 
implementing to improve our margins in the food, advertising and other 
operational segments. We continue to pursue both organic and inorganic growth 
opportunities in this business and we believe that there are several 
opportunities for consolidation in this space going forward.  
 With this backdrop I like to hand the proceedings back to the moderator. 
Moderator: Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin 
the question and answer session. We have a first question from the line of 
Ketan Gandhi from Gandhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ketan Gandhi: Sir, it is regarding that INOX Wind you said 1250 MW order 
book how much is in-house and how much is outside? 
Deepak Asher: If your question is how much of it is to group companies itself 
and how much of it is to third parties, I think less than 5% of the order book 
would be is to group companies. Majority would be to third parties.  
Devansh Jain  Less than 3% would be in-house, 97% would be external. 
Ketan Gandhi: Excellent. Thank you. I will join back in queue if I have any 
question. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal 
from VEC Investments. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: Good  afternoon. I had the first question on the chemical 
business if Mr. Asher can throw some more light on the volume for PTFE for the 
quarter as well as realization? 
Deepak Asher: PTFE sales have been  2221 tonne in Q3 of FY 2015. This 
compares to 2072 tonnes in Q3 of FY 2014. So that is an increase of roughly 
about 10%. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited  
Q3FY15 Results January 19, 2015 | Conference Call 
Rahul Agarwal: What was the realization? Was there any growth? 
Deepak Asher: PTFE realizations are about INR 558000 in Q3 of FY 2014, a 
marginal improvement over INR 550000 in Q2 and INR 538000 in Q1. 
Rahul Agarwal: Any reason like the realization is not panning out as per what 
we expected I guess what we were doing is to get up to the value ad of 10-11$ 
per kg right? 
Vivek Jain :  On the incremental quantity yes, not on the total volume. We 
expect the incremental volumes to largely come from the new grades which we 
are developing so that should help in picking up  the weighted average 
contribution in the next few quarters. 
Rahul Agarwal: Any reason quarter on quarter the volume for PTFE going 
down? 
Vivek Jain :  Last quarter was bit of an aberration because two things 
happened. One was there was sluggishness in the European economy and also 
because of the year end necessity for reducing inventories that pushed down 
sales beyond what we expected but we see this quarter coming back to our 
level of expectation. 
Rahul Agarwal: The second question was on the Wind Farm business I think it 
is seasonal but could you just help me understand how this seasonal as in why 
there is drop in terms of revenue as well as EBIT margins as well? 
Devansh Jain   How the wind farming business works typically in Q2 of 
financial year, which is typically July to September the wind velocities pick up 
and PLFs are about 40% to 50% across sites whereas in the Q3 which is 
October to December wind velocities drop about 15% or 20%. So on a year-on-
year basis we are doing far better than last year because all the wind farms has 
been an operational for over a year so we see a jump of about 10% to 15% but 
this is the nature of the beast, you know on a typical year if wind gives about 
25% PLF Q1 is about 30%, Q2 is about 40% and then Q3 and Q4 are the lean 
wind seasons where generation is the lowest. 
Rahul Agarwal: Ok got it. That is it. Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have next question from the line of Parin Gala from 
Gandhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Parin Gala: I just wanted to ask, I think I missed something in the wind 
business when Mr. Asher said 4000 MW of something along with 1250 MW of 
order book 4000 MW was what? 
Deepak Asher: It is the land bank. 
Parin Gala: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have next question from the line of Sanjukta 
Mazumdar from SKS Capital and Research. Please go ahead. 
Sanjukta Mazumdar: Good afternoon Sir. My question is regarding the growth 
you are expecting in topline in EBITDA if we could get a view on segmental 
basis on that? 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited  
Q3FY15 Results January 19, 2015 | Conference Call 
Deepak Asher:  Obviously we cannot we will not give you forward-looking 
statements in quantified terms. I mean we expect the businesses to pan out 
quite well, the momentum of growth that we have shown in these businesses 
has been fairly robust and we expect to maintain that robust momentum of 
growth in all the businesses that we operate in. Again these are listed 
companies, I am sure you will appreciate we cannot give you quantified financial 
projections for the future. 
Sanjukta Mazumdar: Sir what could be the current debt position in your 
consolidated books? 
Deepak Asher:  This would be, on a net debt basis, net of the cash that we 
own, roughly in the region of about INR 20bn across all businesses including 
short term borrowings of working capital. 
Sanjukta Mazumdar: This is on the consolidated basis? 
Deepak Asher:  This is on a consolidated basis, yes. 
Sanjukta Mazumdar: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have a follow up question from the line of Ketan 
Gandhi from Gandhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ketan Gandhi: This is a question on value addition of the PTFE business are we 
on track as far as Fluorospeciality business is concerned and even 
Fluoropolymer business? 
Vivek Jain: So you have two different points, one is the PTFE business. I 
suppose you are referring to the PTFE business? 
Ketan Gandhi: Yes PTFE in I mean FEP and all that, Fluoropolymer? 
Vivek Jain: We are not into FEP. What we are getting into is Fluoro Rubbers 
and as of this point of time I think we are on track may be about a quarter 
behind because of the sluggishness in the European economy but general trend 
is what we have been mentioning, that we know in the next couple of quarters 
we should be able to get to full capacity utilization in the business. Our grade 
development for the value added grades is going ahead as planned, most of the 
grades have been developed, customer approval processes are on, only because 
of the sluggishness in the European economy approvals from customers have 
taken longer than what we have expected, but we do not see any cause of 
concern there at all. 
Ketan Gandhi: Sir if possible can you throw some light on the expansion at 
Madhya Pradesh of this INOX Wind? 
Vivek Jain: Deepak I don’t know whether we can? 
Deepak Asher: I think, we will be restricted Ketan because of the impending 
IPO so we request to skip that. 
Ketan Gandhi: Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Paras N from 
Enam Holding. Please go ahead. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited  
Q3FY15 Results January 19, 2015 | Conference Call 
Paras N: Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir my first question is on 
the standalone Gujarat Fluorochemical, the other income has sequentially 
dropped from INR 140mn to INR 70mn is there anything to look on it? 
Deepak Asher: Well I do not have the detail in front of me, I  need to get back 
to you Paras on that, if you do not mind? 
Paras N: Okay and Sir what is the kind of capacity utilizations for PTFE business 
do we expect in two quarters from now? 
Vivek Jain: We expect to reach about 75% to 80% capacity utilization and in 
the next one or two quarters thereafter close to 100% capacity utilization. 
Paras N: So by December of 2015 we should get 100% capacity utilization? 
Vivek Jain: That is how it looks like at this point of time. 
Paras N: Okay and Sir lastly if you could I do not know whether you 
permissible, can you share the MW that you did for the quarter for INOX Wind? 
Deepak Asher: You mean in the Wind Turbine Manufacturing business? 
Paras N: Yes Sir. 
Deepak Asher: Yes, we will break this into two parts, in terms of Megawatt 
which we have sold -  we did 200 MW in Q3 of FY 2015 and in terms of 
commissioning we commissioned about 158 MW. 
Paras N: Sir what is the lag in commissioning in there a particular Megawatt 
which has not yet commissioned? 
Devansh Jain: Yes, we have done about the total volume which we have done 
there is been a mismatch between the commissioning and the supplies. The way 
the Wind business typically works is Q4 sees maximum amount of 
commissioning. That is how orders are placed and that is how we build 
substations. Substations are typically back ended in any financial year, so Q4 
will probably be the biggest year in terms of commissioning and as we move 
forward there is typically the lag of about a quarter or so - what we supply in 
one quarter gets commissioned in the next quarter. Typically but they may not 
be the rule book because depends when people give orders and when they 
really want the project to be really commissioned. 
Paras N: Got it, so this 200 minus 150 you think will get commissioned by next 
quarter correct? 
Devansh Jain : I cannot give forward looking statement but like I said there 
typically a lag of one quarter but again I think in terms of our contractual 
obligation we are bang on target. 
Paras N: Thank you Sir. 
Deepak Asher: I think Paras in terms of the broad thumb rule one can assume 
that the supplies of Q1 would get commissioned and Q2 and so forth. 
Paras N: Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Sameer Raj 
from Reliance Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited  
Q3FY15 Results January 19, 2015 | Conference Call 
Sameer Raj: Good afternoon Sir. Just a quick question related to a theatrical 
exhibition business. If you can just elaborate more on our two three year plan 
there kind of, currently there is a significant gap between our margin and 
margins of our core competitors? What exactly is the game plan in terms of 
bridging that gap? 
Deepak Asher: Two different questions in terms of plans, again the plans could 
be bifurcated into organic as well as inorganic. Organically we have a pipeline of 
more than 150 screens that we are working on. We would expect to grow at 
about 50 to 60 screens in a year. So that is how our property pipeline is 
expected to  be implemented in the coming years. In terms of the gap on 
margins, we do realize that depending on whom you compare with, there is a 
scope for the improvement in our margins. We currently are at about 16% to 
17% EBITDA margin and we believe that we can take this up to around 18% to 
19% and we are doing several things in order to secure that. One is, if you 
attended the earnings call on INOX Leisure, which was held on Friday and there 
is an earnings presentation on that as well, you would see that our F&B 
revenues are improving, in fact F&B revenues have grown by about 10% on a  
per patron basis and F&B costs are going down and therefore F&B contributions 
are improving by about 13% to 14% on a per patron basis so considering the 
fact that the number of patrons will also increase and the amount per patron 
also goes up we expect a significant improvement in the F&B contributions. 
Secondly on the advertising and other operating income also there is significant 
headroom for improvement. In fact our advertising and others operating income 
on a per screen basis has grown this quarter by about 23% compared to what it 
was in Q2 and here again we believe that there is scope for improving so we 
believe this would lead to a margin expansion going forward. 
Sameer Raj: My second question is the chemical business. Sir you know 
chemical business will be benefited in any significant manner because of fall in 
crude price? 
Vivek Jain: Well, we use methanol as a raw material in manufacturing 
chloromethane and we have seen a significant reduction in methanol prices that 
should help us in the next few quarters in terms of bringing down cost to 
manufacture chloromethanes. 
Sameer Raj: Since you are moving more into specialities and all, it is not 
necessarily will have to pass on all those? 
Vivek Jain: Yes but chloromethane really does not get into specialty chemicals 
so specialty chemicals will not get impacted. 
Sameer Raj: Fair enough. Fine sir, thank you that’s all from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Rajendra 
Mishra from IDFC Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Rajendra Mishra: Hello Sir. Sir can you just throw some light on the Capex 
plans at an aggregate level and also at a  segments level, any outlook for next 
year? 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited  
Q3FY15 Results January 19, 2015 | Conference Call 
Deepak Asher: For Gujarat Fluorochemicals I believe most of the  capexs’ have 
already done and there isn’t any incremental capex planned. There is some cash 
outflow that will happen over the next two or three months in respect of capex, 
which is already being implemented currently – this should be in the region of 
about INR 250mn to INR 300mn. So that is on the chemical side. On the 
Cinema Exhibition business side as I mentioned organically we expected to add 
about 50 to 60 screens per annum , on an average the capex per screen is 
about INR 20mn so you would expect to see a capex of about INR 1 to INR 
1.20bn on the Cinema Exhibition business. On the Wind Farming business 
assuming that we add about 30 MW in the next year, this would entail a the 
capex of roughly about INR 1.80bn which would be funded 25% equity from the 
cash flow of generated  from that business and 75% debt. On the Wind Turbine 
manufacturing business unfortunately we would not be able to say anything at 
this point of time because of the restrictions in view of the fact that it may soon 
be under transaction mode. 
Rajendra Mishra: Ok great. Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have next question from the line of Rangit 
Cirumalla from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rangit Cirumalla: Congratulations for good set of numbers. My question is 
related to the chemical business. We have seen a fall in gross margins on a QoQ 
level. Is it seasonal or is there something to it? 
Vivek Jain: Is there any particular product which you are referring to? 
Rangit Cirumalla: On the standalone level. The gross margins have fallen 
sequentially so I just wanted to understand is there any seasonality effect or is 
it to do with only one particular product? 
Vivek Jain: Well, I do not have the  data in front of me but all I can say is in 
the quarter which has gone by, there has been a drop in caustic soda prices but 
those prices declined because of the fact there was a demand supply mismatch 
one of the major consuming industry which is H-acid industry in Gujarat went 
through a recession and they are coming back now. So we expect caustic soda 
prices to get back to where they normally are from this quarter onwards. So 
that was one area where the prices went down. As far as chloromethane is 
concerned in MDC in the second quarter of last year there was again an 
aberration prices of which had gone up substantially because of again demand 
supply mismatch, some of the plants in Europe had taken outages and you 
know momentary spike in MDC prices and we see that now coming back to sort 
of a normal level, but given the fact that methanol prices  have substantially 
gone down we do not expect there to be any adverse impact on contribution in 
the chloromethane business. PTFE prices have remained stable now. They have 
marginally gone up and we expect that with the incremental quantities coming 
in from value added  grades there should be a marginal increase in overall PTFE 
price going forward. 
Rangit Cirumalla: So was there any  inventory hit this particular quarter, if 
you can you quantify that? 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited  
Q3FY15 Results January 19, 2015 | Conference Call 
Deepak Asher: Sorry I barely hear if you could just speak little bit louder? 
Rangit Cirumalla: Sir was there any inventory hit in this particular quarter due 
to the fall in prices of caustic? 
Vivek Jain: No because you know we hardly hold, this is liquid product so we 
have got limited capacities to hold the liquid products so the inventory would be 
hardly about 4-5 days that’s typically the norm. 
Rangit Cirumalla: Sir then would it be fair to assume that the margins could 
again fall back to the 2Q levels? 
Vivek Jain In caustic? 
Rangit Cirumalla: Overall margins? 
Vivek Jain: Well, caustic certainly they will improve in this quarter. In this 
quarter again as I said MDC prices would see correction but then they are more 
than offset by the methanol price decline so we do not expect any adverse 
impact in the margin in chloromethane. Caustic of course they will improve 
because prices are slated to improve. 
Rangit Cirumalla: Thank you. That is all from  my side . 
Moderator: Thank you. We have next question from the line of Kamal Gada 
from UTI. Please go ahead. 
Kamala Gada: Hello Sir. Sir at the start of the call, you said there was some 
delay in the energy saving or recovery schemes that we were implementing. If 
you can just throw some more light when do we expect that to be completed 
and what kind of margin improvement we could see in the chemical business? 
Vivek Jain: Well there is no delay. These were all expected to be completed by 
the end of this quarter. We are fairly on track so we would see an impact of that 
happening in the first quarter of the next financial year where especially our 
PTFE cost will go down. 
Kamala Gada: If you can quantify what kind of benefit you could have on the 
margins? 
Deepak Asher: Well, I think our guidance that we gave in the earnings call last 
year was that we started the financial year with an EBITDA margin of about 
20% and we expected that once we hit full capacity on PTFE as well as 
implemented all the cost reduction and revenue enhancement schemes 
including the benefit of the improved PTFE realizations that we expected, we 
had said that we expect the EBITDA margins to go up to about 30%. We were 
at about 28% in Q2 and about 26% in Q3 and we expect to be able to maintain 
our trajectory of growth and hit our targets some time during the coming 
quarters. 
Kamala Gada: I think we were also doing some capacity expansion from 16000 
to 20000 tones  that has been done or that is still? 
Vivek Jain: Sorry I did not get that question. 
Kamala Gada: The capacity expansion we were going for some debottlenecking 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited  
Q3FY15 Results January 19, 2015 | Conference Call 
for our PTFE plants? 
Vivek Jain: No not at this point of time. We are planning to do that over a 
period of time perhaps next year when we are able to get into a situation where 
we are already running the plant at full capacity but that debottlenecking is not 
a very lengthy exercise. It probably takes us a couple of months to do that and 
we would trigger that when we feel that you know we are getting closer to 
capacity utilization. 
Kamala Gada: So currently our PTFE capacity 16000 tonnes right? 
Vivek Jain: On an annualized basis. 
Kamala Gada:  So that we have think that we should touch 75% to 80% may 
be in Q4? 
Vivek Jain: Q4 of this calendar year? 
Kamala Gada: Yes this Q4 FY 2015 and probably maybe one or two quarters 
hence we should touch the full capacity? 
Vivek Jain: No as we just mentioned you know by December 2015, we expect 
to be full capacity utilization, there is a lag of about a quarter from what we 
expected earlier but by December 2015 I think we should reach that number of 
full capacity utilization. 
Kamala Gada: The incremental capacity should be mainly of the value added 
polymers, which would help us in getting better realization? 
Vivek Jain: We have flexibility. We could partially increase our value added 
products and partially increase our granular, commodity kind of a products. We 
will see how the market emerges in the next one two three quarters and decide 
about what kind of product we go in for. 
Kamala Gada: Okay and we are not seeing any pressures on the PTFE prices, 
am I correct in that? 
Vivek Jain: I think at this point of time PTFE prices are at a fairly low and going 
down from here is very inconceivable, just to be conservative I think these 
prices are likely to maintained for the next one year. 
Kamala Gada: Okay and lastly how is the fluorspar prices behaved in last three 
four months? 
Vivek Jain: Fluorspar prices have gone down. We have already contracted for 
this coming year at a lower price and so I think we will see benefits of that also 
coming in the next calendar year. 
Kamala Gada: Could you tell what are the current fluorspar prices? 
Vivek Jain: Well, we are currently contracted for buying it at about $300 CIF. 
Kamala Gada: So we are taking some benefits downwards with regard to that? 
Vivek Jain: Yes, we would see that you know as our inventory gets depleted 
you know the whole inventory gets depleted in the next few months we will see 
benefits of the lower prices of fluorspar coming in. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited  
Q3FY15 Results January 19, 2015 | Conference Call 
Kamala Gada: That was helpful. Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have next question from the line of Rangit 
Cirumalla from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rangit Cirumalla: Follow up from my side. Just wanted to understand how the 
realization for R22 Refrigerant has behaved in this particular quarter and what 
do expect for the next financial year? 
Vivek Jain: As you know as Gujarat Fluorochemicals was the largest producer 
of R22 in the country and this has now come under a quota regime because of 
the Montreal Protocol so we had the largest production and sale of HCFC-22 of 
the Refrigerant. Last quarter prices have picked up and there has been in a 
sharp quota restriction imposed in China both in production as well as export. 
We think that that will help in R22 prices remaining at this level going forward 
and perhaps also strengthening. Last year of course we were constrained in our 
export of HCFC-22 because much of it was used up internally in the 
manufacturing of PTFE now that capacities has got released because our captive 
facility for the HCFC-22 for a PTFE has been commissioned last year so that will 
enable us to increase our volumes of exports of R22. 
Rangit Cirumalla: So what were the current realizations for R22? 
Vivek Jain: Current realizations would be in the region of about around $2000 
per tonne. 
Rangit Cirumalla: Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. Mr. Niraj Mansingka you may go ahead with your 
question Sir? 
Niraj Mansingka: Sir one broad question, there was a climate change 
discussion that happened between China and the U.S. in the month of 
November, can you get some thought process on top down how you see this 
evolving and impacting the Fluorochemical market? 
Vivek Jain: Well, I do not see that impacting our business at least. We are only 
in HCFC-22 as far as the refrigerants are concerned and the time table for its 
phase out as a refrigerant is already mapped out so the discussions between 
China and U.S., will not have any impact on HCFC-22 at least. 
Niraj Mansingka: Sorry Sir, can you give more details when you said that the 
time table has been mapped out? 
Vivek Jain: Under the Montreal protocol HCFC-22 as a refrigerant has to be 
phased out by about 2040 or may be about between 2030 and 2040. So a 10% 
cut has already been implemented from this year and by 2020, it is going to be 
about 30%, 30% or 35-odd%. So you know that time table has already been 
made out so whatever discussions which have taken place between U.S. and 
China will not have any impact whatsoever on the HCFC-22 business as usual. 
Niraj Mansingka: But Sir the point was that China and U.S. were not 
discussing on the Montreal, they were discussion on separately how to phase 
down fluorocarbon and other carbon emissions etc., and so would not they have 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited  
Q3FY15 Results January 19, 2015 | Conference Call 
an impact? 
Vivek Jain: For instance the 134A which is a refrigerant also, which is not 
controlled by the Montreal protocol because it does not have an ODP, which is 
was on Ozone Depleting Potential. It is a greenhouse gas because it has a GWP 
so those are the kind of gases which are going to be governed by the climate 
change discussions, globally as well as between U.S. and China. 
Niraj Mansingka: So is it right to say that something like YF1234A can scale 
up at the cost of R134 if this climate change discussions have any impact? 
Vivek Jain: Certainly I think R1234 will certainly be there in the medium to 
long term and given the fact that it has a zero ODP as well as a very low GWP 
eventually 1234YF will start getting used in the European and U.S. markets 
specially. 
Niraj Mansingka: Right Sir, and last to get update on what is happening on 
the 1234, there was one plant which have started as there may be some scale 
up there or its just a pilot plant which is there? 
Vivek Jain: That I do not know the latest but there is work going on now and 
1234YF but as I said it is more medium to long term, nothing is going to happen 
in the short term, because the  capexs’ are fairly high, its complex technology 
and it is going to take a while for large scale manufacturing of 1234YF to 
emerge. 
Niraj Mansingka: Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have a follow up question from the line of Ketan 
Gandhi from Gandhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ketan Gandhi: You said that there is some capacity constraint or this has been 
banned for producing HCFC-22. Still HCFC-22 is the feedstock for manufacturing 
PTFE. Do you foresee firming up of price of PTFE in the near future? 
Vivek Jain: No you see HCFC-22 used as a feedstock for PTFE is not controlled 
by the Montreal Protocol. So that in itself perhaps will not have any impact on 
the PTFE prices. What is controlled under the Montreal Protocol is HCFC-22 used 
as a refrigerant and because of the production restrictions, which have been 
imposed and will be there in the future also we expect HCFC-22 prices to remain 
firm and perhaps also increase in the future, how much at what point of time is 
difficult to say. 
Ketan Gandhi: Thank you. 
Moderator: As there are no further questions from the participants, I would 
now like to hand over the conference back to Mr. Niraj Mansingka for his closing 
remarks. 
Niraj 
Mansingka: 
Thank 
you 
everyone 
and 
Gujarat 
Fluorochemicals 
management for participating in this call. Over to you, Mr. Asher would you 
have any closing comments? 
Deepak Asher: Just like to thank once again all investors, all analysts and all 
the participants on the call for taking interest in the performance of the 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited  
Q3FY15 Results January 19, 2015 | Conference Call 
company and to Edelweiss for hosting this call. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
Edelweiss Finance Services Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited  
Q3FY15 Results January 19, 2015 | Conference Call 
DISCLAIMER  
 
This report has been prepared by Edelweiss Securities Limited (Edelweiss). This report does not constitute an offer or solicitation 
for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument or as an official confirmation of any transaction. The information contained 
herein is from publicly available data or other sources believed to be reliable. This report is provided for assistance only and is not 
intended to be and must not alone be taken as the basis for an investment decision. The user assumes the entire risk of any use 
made  of  this  information.  Each  recipient  of  this  report  should  make  such  investigation  as  it  deems  necessary  to  arrive  at  an 
independent evaluation of an investment in the securities of companies referred to in this document (including the merits and 
risks  involved),  and  should  consult  his  own  advisors  to  determine  the  merits  and  risks  of  such  investment.  The  investment 
discussed or views expressed may not be suitable for all investors. This information is strictly confidential and is being furnished to 
you solely for your information. This information should not be reproduced or redistributed or passed on directly or indirectly in 
any form to any other person or published, copied, in whole or in part, for any purpose. This report is not directed or intended for 
distribution to, or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any locality, state, country or other 
jurisdiction, where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to law, regulation or which would subject 
Edelweiss and affiliates/ group companies to any registration or licensing requirements within such jurisdiction. The distribution 
of  this  report  in  certain  jurisdictions  may  be  restricted  by  law,  and  persons  in  whose  possession  this  report  comes,  should 
observe, any such restrictions. The information given in this report is as of the date of this report and there can be no assurance 
that future results or events will be consistent with this information. This information is subject to change without any prior 
notice. Edelweiss reserves the right to make modifications and alterations to this statement as may be required from time to 
time. Edelweiss or any of its affiliates/ group companies shall not be in any way responsible for any loss or damage that may arise 
to  any  person  from  any  inadvertent  error  in  the  information  contained  in  this  report.  Edelweiss  is  committed  to  providing 
independent  and  transparent  recommendation  to  its  clients.  Neither  Edelweiss  nor  any  of  its  affiliates,  group  companies, 
directors, employees, agents or representatives shall be liable for any damages whether direct, indirect, special or consequential 
including loss of revenue or lost profits that may arise from or in connection with the use of the information. Past performance is 
not necessarily a guide to future performance. The disclosures of interest statements incorporated in this report are provided 
solely  to  enhance  the  transparency  and  should  not  be  treated  as  endorsement  of  the  views  expressed  in  the  report.  The 
information provided in these reports remains, unless otherwise stated, the copyright of Edelweiss. All layout, design, original 
artwork, concepts and other Intellectual Properties, remains the property and copyright of Edelweiss and may not be used in any 
form or for any purpose whatsoever by any party without the express written permission of the copyright holders.  
 
Edelweiss shall not be liable for any delay or any other interruption which may occur in presenting the data due to any reason 
including  network  (Internet)  reasons  or  snags  in  the  system,  break  down  of  the  system  or  any  other  equipment,  server 
breakdown, maintenance shutdown, breakdown of communication services or inability of the Edelweiss to present the data. In no 
event  shall  the  Edelweiss  be  liable  for  any  damages,  including  without  limitation  direct  or  indirect,  special,  incidental,  or 
consequential damages, losses or expenses arising in connection with the data presented by the Edelweiss through this report. 
 
Analyst Certification: 
The analyst for this report certifies that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect his or her personal views about 
the subject company or companies and its or their securities, and no part of his or her compensation was, is or will be, directly or 
indirectly related to specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. 
 
Additional Disclaimers 
Disclaimer for U.S. Persons 
This  research  report  is  a  product  of  Edelweiss  Securities  Limited,  which  is  the  employer  of  the  research  analyst(s)  who  has 
prepared the research report. The research analyst(s) preparing the research report is/are resident outside the United States 
(U.S.)  and  are  not  associated  persons  of  any  U.S.  regulated  broker‐dealer  and  therefore  the  analyst(s)  is/are  not  subject  to 
supervision by a U.S. broker‐dealer, and is/are not required to satisfy the regulatory licensing requirements of FINRA or required 
to otherwise comply with U.S. rules or regulations regarding, among other things, communications with a subject company, public 
appearances and trading securities held by a research analyst account. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited  
Q3FY15 Results January 19, 2015 | Conference Call 
 
Access the entire repository of Edelweiss Research on www.edelresearch.com 
In reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Rule 15a‐6 of the Exchange Act and interpretations thereof by the SEC 
in  order  to  conduct  certain  business  with  Major  Institutional  Investors,  Edelweiss  Securities  Limited  has  entered  into  an 
agreement  with  a  U.S.  registered  broker‐dealer,  Enclave  Capital,  LLC  ("Enclave").  Transactions  in  securities  discussed  in  this 
research report should be effected through Enclave Capital, LLC. 
 
Disclaimer for U.K. Persons 
The  contents  of  this  research  report  have  not  been  approved  by  an  authorised  person  within  the  meaning  of  the  Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA").  
 
In the United Kingdom, this research report is being distributed only to and is directed only at (a) persons who have professional 
experience  in  matters  relating  to  investments  falling  within  Article  19(5)  of  the  FSMA  (Financial  Promotion)  Order  2005  (the 
“Order”); (b) persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (including high net worth companies and unincorporated 
associations); and (c) any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together being 
referred to as “relevant persons”). 
 
This research report must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment 
activity  to  which  this  research  report  relates  is  available  only  to  relevant  persons  and  will  be  engaged  in  only  with  relevant 
persons.  Any  person  who  is  not  a  relevant  person  should  not  act  or  rely  on  this  research  report  or  any  of  its  contents.  This 
research  report  must  not  be  distributed,  published,  reproduced  or  disclosed  (in  whole  or  in  part)  by  recipients  to  any  other 
person.  
 
Disclaimer for Canadian Persons 
This research report is a product of Edelweiss Securities Limited ("ESL"), which is the employer of the research analysts who have 
prepared the research report.  The research analysts preparing the research report are resident outside the Canada and are not 
associated persons of any Canadian registered adviser and/or dealer and, therefore, the analysts are not subject to supervision by 
a Canadian registered adviser and/or dealer, and are not required to satisfy the regulatory licensing requirements of the Ontario 
Securities  Commission,  other  Canadian  provincial  securities  regulators,  the  Investment  Industry  Regulatory  Organization  of 
Canada and are not required to otherwise comply with Canadian rules or regulations regarding, among other things, the research 
analysts' business or relationship with a subject company or trading of securities by a research analyst. 
 
This report is intended for distribution by ESL only to "Permitted Clients" (as defined in National Instrument 31‐103 ("NI 31‐103")) 
who are resident in the Province of Ontario, Canada (an "Ontario Permitted Client").  If the recipient of this report is not an 
Ontario Permitted Client, as specified above, then the recipient should not act upon this report and should return the report to 
the sender.  Further, this report may not be copied, duplicated and/or transmitted onward to any Canadian person. 
 
ESL is relying on an exemption from the adviser and/or dealer registration requirements under NI 31‐103 available to certain 
international  advisers  and/or  dealers.    Please  be  advised  that  (i)  ESL  is  not  registered  in  the  Province  of  Ontario  to  trade  in 
securities  nor  is  it  registered  in  the  Province  of  Ontario  to  provide  advice  with  respect  to  securities;  (ii)  ESL's  head  office  or 
principal place of business is located in India; (iii) all or substantially all of ESL's assets may be situated outside of Canada; (iv) 
there may be difficulty enforcing legal rights against ESL because of the above; and (v) the name and address of the ESL's agent for 
service of process in the Province of Ontario is: Bamac Services Inc., 181 Bay Street, Suite 2100, Toronto, Ontario M5J 2T3 Canada. 
 
