SUTLEJ TEXTILES AND
INDUSTRIES LIMITED
Lotus Corporate Park, ‘E’ Wing, 5th/6th Floor,
185/A, Graham Firth Compound, Near Jay Coach,
Goregaon (East), Mumbai 400 063, INDIA.
Phone : (022) 4219 8800/6122 8989 Fax (022) 42198830
E-mail : info@sutlejtextiles.com Website: www.sutlejtextiles.com
CIN. : L17124RJ2005PLC020927
(Govt. Recognised Three Star Export House)
Regd. Office:Pachpahar Road, Bhawanimandi - 326502 (Rajasthan) • Mills:Bhawanimandi (Raj.), Kathua (J&K), Baddi (H.P.), Bhilad (Guj.)
21st February, 2022
BSE Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Fort,
Mumbai 400 001.
Scrip Code: 532782
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,
G-Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051.
Scrip Code: SUTLEJTEX
Dear Sir / Madam,
Subject: Transcript of quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2021 earnings
conference call held on 03rd February, 2022
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, kindly find enclosed a transcript of the earnings conference call for the
quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2021 which was held on Thursday,
03rd February, 2022. The same is also available on the website of the Company
i.e., www.sutlejtextiles.com.
The conference call held on 03rd February, 2022, as per the Transcript enclosed
incorporates mainly the highlights of financial results upto 31st December, 2021, and other
related information which is already in public domain and / or made available / uploaded
on the Company’s website.
Please take the same on record.
Thanking you
Yours faithfully
For Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited
Manoj Contractor
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Encl: a/a

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 03, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BIPEEN VALAME - WTD & CFO 
 
MR. UPDEEP SINGH - PRESIDENT & CEO 
 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY2022 earnings conference call 
of Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bipeen Valame, 
Whole Time Director & CFO. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Bipeen Valame: 
Thank you and good afternoon everyone. I welcome you all to earning conference call of 
Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited for quarter-ended on December 31, 2021 and under 
nine months ended on December 31, 2021. I hope all of you and your families continue to 
remain safe. I have with me Mr. Updeep Singh Ji, President and CEO of Sutlej Textiles and 
Industries Limited and Stellar Advisors, our investment relationship team. The result 
presentation has been uploaded on the exchanges and I hope everyone had an opportunity to 
look at it. 
 
I will take you through financial performance highlights followed by industry and business 
insight by Mr. Updeep Singh Ji. After seeing more than a year full of challenges we have 
started to witness revival in economy when the third wave of COVID-19 pandemic hit us. 
As you are aware the textile industry had already started witnessing sharp recovery and we 
saw that impact of third wave of COVID-19 was much less than anticipated on the sector 
and on Sutlej in particular. We witnessed good traction in domestic as well as export 
markets both in terms of realization and volume growth during the quarter. Yarn business 
exports during the quarter contributed around 42% to sales compared to 32% in Q3 
FY2021. The capacity utilization level continued to be at around 94% in yarn business, 
which have reached to pre-COVID low levels and around 69% in home textile business. 
During the quarter ended December 2021, the company reported consolidated total income 
of Rs.823 Crores against Rs.557 Crores in Q3 FY2021 witnessing a strong growth of 48% 
year-on-year basis and growth of 3% sequentially. We believe that sequential growth was 
somehow muted due to impact of third wave of COVID-19, which we believe should get 
over in next quarter. For nine months FY2022 the consolidated total income stood at 
Rs.2,211 Crores against Rs.1,227 Crores in nine months FY2021 showing a growth of 80% 
year-on-year basis. The consolidated EBITDA during the quarter was Rs.99 Crores as 
against Rs.52 Crores in Q3 FY2021 a growth of 93% and we saw some marginal decline 
compared to Q2 FY2022. The EBITDA margin stood at 12.05% in Q3 FY2022 compared 
to 9.25% in Q3 FY2021 and 13.38% in Q2 FY2022. The consolidated EBITDA during Q3 
FY2022 was lowered compared to Q2 FY2022 by around Rs.7.5 Crores in spite of increase 
in total revenue mainly on account of some one-time changes. First RoDTEP benefit of 
Rs.6.71 Crores pertains to January to June 2021 recognizes the income from operation in 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 13 
Q2 FY2022. There was a discount going on in RoDTEP e-scrips so company has taken the 
discounting provision of Rs.2.74 Crores on e-script recognizing Q3 FY2022 and we saw a 
one-time benefit of PPP loan waiver in our US subsidiary, which is around Rs.3.83 Crores 
recognized in Q2 FY2022, which is not there in Q3 FY2022. The above impact is also 
visible on PBT and PAT for Q3 FY2022. Reported consolidated PAT for the quarter stood 
at Rs.37 Crores as against loss of Rs.12 Crores in Q3 FY2021 and Rs.42 Crores in Q2 
FY2022. During nine months ended FY2022 PAT stood at Rs.99 Crores against loss of 
Rs.31 Crores in nine months FY2021. 
 
I would also like to highlight that on the balance sheet side we have been consistently trying 
to contain the overall debt and maintain the overall gearing below one. There has been 
marginal increase in total debt of around Rs.35 Crores to Rs.942 Crores during nine months 
ended December 2021. This is mainly on account of debottlenecking and maintenance 
capex up to nine months and increase in working capital which is mainly due to increasing 
number of days cotton inventory and also significant increase in cotton prices during this 
period. We are closely monitoring the inventory levels and we are confident that we will be 
able to bring it to the normalcy by the end of this fiscal. Lastly we would like to highlight 
that presently around 30% plus of working capital limits have been unutilized thereby 
providing the company adequate liquidity. That is all from my side. Now I would request 
Mr. Updeep Singh Ji to share business outlook and industry scenario and then we can open 
the floor for question and answer. Thank you and over to UpdeepJi! 
Updeep Singh: 
Thank you very much Bipeen Ji and good afternoon to you ladies and gentlemen. I thank 
you very much for taking time off to attend this investor conference call for our company. I 
would like to introduce a couple of my colleagues who are with me. Mr. Oscar Reig-Plaza 
who is the Business Head for our home textile division and Mr. Jitender Kumar who is the 
Vice President for raw materials-fibres, means all type of fibres manmade as well as cotton. 
So I got them in because these are two important areas for any textile group like us, so they 
are here. Oscar is here in India so I thought to join as well. 
 
The COVID pandemic has altered the global textile and apparel supply chain with several 
apparel brands preferring more than one sourcing destination. Further the US cotton trade 
wars and the subsequent imposition of additional duties on Chinese textile and apparel 
imports have led to importers in US scouting for other destinations such as India. It is 
observed that made up sale in India has been a huge beneficiary of this trend and has 
witnessed robust offtake over the past 18 months. Bangladesh, Vietnam have been benefited 
in readymade garments space on account of importers looking for alternative sources 
beyond China. Additional optimism is emerging with Government of India becoming 
benevolent towards textile sector. Several incentives such as RoSCTL, MITRA and PLI for 
manmade fibre segments have been announced over the past 8 to 12 months and further the 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 13 
stance of government on free trade agreements is also welcome policy change for T&A 
players. We see government being more open to FTAs with textile ministry confirming that 
several of them are under negotiation and could be signed in FY2022. Even as the risk of 
subsequent pandemic wave remains it is expected that domestic spinners and textile 
industry will sustain healthy volume in FY2023 as well amid a shift in preference away 
from Xinjiang cotton. Improved capacity utilization, greater financial flexibility have led to 
pick up even in capex activity in spinning segment particularly in recent months. This 
follows muted capex activity in recent years; several spinners particularly in mid scale and 
large scale have already announced some of their capex plan . In addition to this, capacity 
enhancements, plans include capex towards debottlenecking, modernization as well as 
margin accretive or efficiency improvementprojects such as machinery accreditation and 
renewable power capacity additions. The current scenario in the market as you are aware 
that spinning is doing good so even in home textile domestic market segment is improving 
since there were no travel restrictions, the major wholesalers are looking to make new 
product introductions this year after two years of almost nil. During the festive season, 
domestic market experienced a spike in orders at the retail which reinforces Indian 
consumers quick to bounce back mindset. The third wave of COVID was fear to affect 
deeply, the third and fourth quarter; however, we see some positivity with COVID 
restrictions being revoked completely by UK and Germany and other European countries 
expected to follow the trend. We continue to see growth in UK. The third wave of COVID 
may have some impact on local exports essentially in retail, trade shows such as FGS in 
India and Germany have been deferred to latter part of the year, these trade shows are 
integral part of this trade, home textile trade as you are aware of and we hope to see this 
happen to give boost to new sales. Europe declaration of non-seriousness of this type of 
COVID will assist to boost market segment. Markets in South East Asia are projected to 
open up in coming months, North America continues to be wide open for businesses and the 
reorders are on a steady rise. Home textile trends indicate a preference for sustainability. 
 
Now coming to outlook for the raw material. The fresh polyester prices have remained 
volatile and higher on back of the robust demand, steep increase in prices of cotton as the 
natural fibre and crude oil, which recently touched a decade high and expected to touch I 
would say about 100 a barrel, higher international prices, ocean freights and volatile 
currencies. The prices are likely to remain firm in future, the prices of recycled polyester 
fibre will keep following the price trend of fresh fibre with increased volatility and higher 
price of pet bottles, the fibre prices are expected to remain stable to higher. Indian cotton 
prices for the current season 2021-2022 have registered significant gain as a result of lower 
areas on the cotton by about almost 7.2% it was 12.07 million hectares, crop damage due to 
erratic weathers, extended monsoons, unseasonal rains and insect attack with current trade 
estimates dragging the crop at about 340 to 348 lakh bales as projected by CAI. By the 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 13 
cotton balance sheet I think this robust demand as well of the large raw cotton from India 
and mills during the 2021-2022 and the opening stock of cotton during the season 2021-
2022 significantly lower, so what we see that cotton prices we feel that will remain a little 
firm although these may not grow beyond this point, we will come to that later, so we 
strongly believe that strong yarn business and upstream home textile business will lead 
Sutlej to deliver robust performance and continue to add value to stakeholders. Thank you 
very much. Now I open the floor for question and answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Ritesh Poladia from Girik Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir this quarter we have seen a good jump in the realization Y-
o-Y basis, what is the value-added mix in this quarter sales? 
Updeep Singh: 
When we say value added I would say that in a yarn business we have almost 25% to 30% 
of the value addition both for export as well as domestic. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
At the COVID times there was a period where grey yarn was going more than the colored 
and value added yarns, so is the mix now optimal or still there is a room for improvement or 
to go for the value added yarn? 
Updeep Singh: 
I think there is still room for improvement because when I say value added yarn this could 
also be dyed and the grey both put together it is a blend of various fibres also which add 
value, so I still feel that there is a scope for value-added yarns in dye segment as well going 
forward. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Secondly if we see now our volume is coming in the range of 25000 to 28000 tonnes and 
your utilization is also 94% I guess last you have put up the capacity in terms of spindles 
was in 2017 is there any now plans to increase the capacity or would you like to remain at 
the same levels? 
Updeep Singh: 
The point is that yes we may think of but then at the moment we do not have any plan to 
increase immediately because if you look at even the deliveries of spinning machines are 
ranging between two years to three years, so which we expect that would come down in 
about six months’ time because once this settles down so their deliveries they will be started 
quoting in the range of two years by next six to eight months. I think at that point of time 
we would think of that if we can look at the capacity increase; however, we need to improve 
our own efficiencies; we would like to get better there, so we will improve our margin till 
such time. 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Bipeen Valame: 
Just to add here Ritesh, what has happened is that; one you are considering a capacity and a 
tonnage what you are seeing as a number, but what majorly happening is that the product 
mix changes what we have done internally as you ask the first question shifting on the more 
of a value-added, spindle is shifting on more value-added going coarser, going finer so that 
is also add a significant value to the customer, what my point is that keeping the production 
level same still one can have a room to go for a better EBITDA margin and also better 
growth in terms of sales. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Coming back to value added, if any quantitative information is given it would be much 
better to analyze even on the index level say last year it was 100, this year it is 100 plus and 
then we can go in a year down the line? 
Bipeen Valame: 
Currently if you really see we are having almost 35% to 40% of our spindleage on melange 
I would say the entire melange which is on value added almost significant portion of it. 
Now part of it even on the synthetic side is also on a value added since what happens in our 
case as you know that we are actually made to sell company we generally do not create the 
inventories, so what happens we do a lot of sampling, so giving you a fixed number 
becomes very hard for us because we are having a lot of SKUs and lot of dying capacity 
with a variety, so when we typically say that in black we may have 100 varieties of black so 
what I am trying to say is that we are having a significant value added position but giving a 
specific number in terms of spindleage is very difficult. 
Updeep Singh: 
It is not only in terms of spindleage, in terms of what we have made new products in this 
time, in this quarter or in this year over the last two years during COVID I think we have 
grew our sales more almost by 20% in terms of value added that is all we can share at this 
point of time. 
Bipeen Valame: 
Just to add here that if you see the export side that what we have seen is that as we say that 
value added means that the export also has increased significantly in terms of the value and 
in terms of the volume also and with new territories also, so customer world over as the 
markets are opening we saw a good amount of traction in export which also I would say 
largely a value added business. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Sure and in terms of home textile definitely there are a lot of developments, when do we see 
the break even actually? 
Updeep Singh: 
I think we expect that FY2023 should go very well for us and we not only see break even 
but we see good traction in the year 2023. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Sir, if I heard right this quarter utilization was 69% in home textile? 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Updeep Singh: 
Yes. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
How much would be job work in your own sense? 
Updeep Singh: 
I am giving you a number of 69%, so job work is very,  small in that maybe because we did 
not do much of a weaving job work, our processing unit is having job work but that we are 
not considering because processing is having a different capacity calculation, so I am giving 
you purely 69% you can consider almost 90% plus is our own out of that 69%. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Okay, in couple of years can we assume your realization can be 2x in the home textile? 
Updeep Singh: 
Yes that is what we plan to do. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Great. That is it from my side. Thank you very much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Monika Arora from Sharegiants Wealth 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Monika Arora: 
Thank you for giving me this opportunity and congratulations on good set of numbers. So I 
wanted to ask that when do you think that the home textile business would be a bit positive? 
Updeep Singh: 
Thank you Monika Ji and good question yes. We expect that FY2023 would be a year of 
home textile for us where we will be coming to positive in the year. 
Monika Arora: 
I also wanted to ask that why do you think that the EBIT loss has widened in home textiles? 
Updeep Singh: 
Monika, there are a couple of points which I would like to highlight here. The loss has 
widened is if you see my opening remark as I mentioned that this home textile business is 
both the domestic that is Indian business and American Silk Mills. So first of all if you 
remember I mentioned that Rs.3.93 Crores one time PPP loan waiver has resulted into other 
income, so you are seeing a number which is 6.76 loss to 11.86 or 6.76 to be adjusted with 
3.93 point number one. Point number two in American Silk Mill, we were having the order 
book of almost like maybe 1.2 million to 1.4 million, but there were major constraining 
united states in terms of US logistic issue and Oscar is with me here. So US logistic issue 
has actually hampered the delivery so we were expecting this quarter to improve that is the 
December quarter that could not happen because as you know most of these containers are 
floating on the US sea and even the drivers is a shortage so what is happening is that the 
materials which they are getting from India, China or Italy that is getting delayed so that has 
impacted on sales that is point number one. On home textile front as you know that we 
launched Nesterra as a new brand last quarter that is we were expecting more books and 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 13 
things to get launched probably I would say probably there is a delay of maybe one or two 
months, so now the books are with the stores and we are now very positive that in this 
quarter we should see attraction from February, March and it should continue in the next 
financial year. To answer your question yes this is not exactly apple-to-apple, so slightly it 
has increased because of fixed cost remain fixed, but sale did not take off the weed was 
expected in this quarter, so there is a lack. 
Monika Arora: 
Okay and any marketing strategies planned for the home textile business? 
Bipeen Valame: 
Yes, we do have marketing strategy and plan for home textile business for next two to three 
years short term and long term and we have recently appointed a new business head for this 
division who comes from this industry and mainly front end from US and Europe, so that is 
one. Second we have now consolidated the total home textile division is managed by one 
team including ASM and Indian home textile division, so that is Sutlej Textiles home textile 
division. Then third by launching of this brand and also by putting up more SKUs in the 
market and appointing more distributors. As we talked today we have already we are on the 
retail points at about 160 retail stores and which we will increase to 250 in the next six 
months, so for each I would say category in home textile division we have a separate plan 
as a marketing plan to do that to achieve these numbers. 
Monika Arora: 
Okay, so do you have any orders like? 
Updeep Singh: 
Yes I will just explain like for example, in case of brand like we launched Nesterra which is 
necessarily a cut service, so where we are servicing our retail points through cut service so 
that is one initiative which we have taken in this year 2022 and which is going to fructify 
we see in 2023, so that has a separate strategy for this cut service. 
Monika Arora: 
Okay, any order pipeline we have in this segment? 
Updeep Singh: 
You are talking of Nesterra? 
Monika Arora: 
Yes. 
Updeep Singh: 
So in Nesterra on daily basis, we have reached an average of almost 300 meters which we 
intend to increase to almost 1000 meters per day. 
Monika Arora: 
Okay. That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viral, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Viral: 
Thank you. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. In terms of the budget I believe there 
was I think expectation from the industry on the import duty so given that there is no 
reduction in the import duty and cotton prices are rising, what is your outlook on cotton 
prices in general and how do you think that is going to impact the company going forward? 
Updeep Singh: 
Thank you Viral for asking this question and first I will answer your second question. The 
import duty on cotton basically what is imported in India is extra long staple ELS cotton. So 
first of all in India we in Sutlej we are not importing any cotton which is ELS cotton any 
imports of cotton because all product mix is based on Indian cotton. However having said 
so the impact of import duty on cotton and the cotton prices, today we see cotton prices in 
the range of say 78,500 per candy I am talking of Shankar-6, so we do not expect these 
prices to go up very sharply beyond this and maybe that we see that there will be some sort 
of reduction in this and I do not say that when it is reduced it will come to the old level, we 
see that there can be a reduction of 5%, 7% going forward. 
Viral: 
Okay Sir. 
Updeep Singh: 
I hope this answers your question or you need. 
Viral: 
This is fine and do you plan to make any follow on requests to the government in terms of 
the duty? 
Updeep Singh: 
The associations are doing it. We are part of city so as an association yes; definitely various 
associations are engaged with government agencies for this. 
Viral: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Congratulation Sir on good set of numbers. I just wanted to understand this raw material 
scenario across the polyester, VSF as well as cotton for you, how it is moving and how you 
are able to pass on the increase in prices to the customers like what is acceptability today? 
Updeep Singh: 
If we look at polyester and viscose prices, polyester prices have shown jump over a period 
of time and so as viscose so what we are able to pass on part of it, today we were not able to 
pass on the full increase in terms of I would say the price increase based on polyester and 
viscose we could do it to the extent of 75% to 80% as an average based on the product mix 
because these prices are directly linked to fibre as well as when we have value added, so 
value added there we can get a little more increase than the normal counts, so I would say 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 13 
that we were able to pass on 75% to 80% of these prices based on fibre and we see that 
polyester trend is going to be little strong based on the raw material prices and also prices of 
crude oil, so in the short term we see that this should remain firm to range bound. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay and how does demand shaping up because you know cotton prices have increased so 
meaningfully in the last one year so do you think that the demand for polyester and viscose 
based products will increase in meanwhile period till the cotton actually settles down as you 
said to the previous participant? 
Updeep Singh: 
Prerna you are absolutely right. What is going to happen is that I would say that the blend 
would increase where today we are using the 100% cotton there could be something which 
is blended with viscose or polyester, so that would increase in a little higher segment, lower 
segment yes. There will be some shift from cotton to polyester and viscose, but I would say 
my industry experience says that that shift will be in the range of 8% to 10% and it will be 
mostly in the blend. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay, so which means that the demand for our segment will actually improve meaningfully 
going forward at least in the near to medium term till the various raw material prices are 
going to remain high, just wanted to understand how you are going to capitalize when you 
are running almost full capacity in the yarn business? 
Updeep Singh: 
There are a couple of things which will happen in this. One, this blend mainly in the grey 
segment when I said blend between cotton, viscose and other could be on the grey segment. 
Second to answer your question it is a shift in the product mix in terms of count. We might 
get little closer and increase the production. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay, understood. 
Updeep Singh: 
That is one way we can do that. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay, understood, how should we look at Sutlej from next three to five years perspective 
what will be the growth drivers for the company? 
Updeep Singh: 
The growth drivers for the company would be one the value addition that we would like to 
add value in our business both in spinning as well as in home textiles and the second would 
be that our control on our raw material by having this green fibre plant. Today we have this 
capacity of almost 3600 metric tonnes per month which is almost equal to our consumption 
and there we would like to add value addition in terms of I would say both side is one then 
could be fire retardant, there are so many things where we can add this and we will have 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 13 
control over our raw material so the growth driver for us going forward is value addition in 
yarn, our home textile and green fibre business. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay and Sir are you seeing better profitability in the green fibre business today given that 
the entire world is like looking at climate impact of using natural resources or wastage 
created by the sector? 
Updeep Singh: 
I agree with you Prerna. We see this traction and we see this traction more as the concept of 
sustainability is growing. We have got the certification as well, so in green fibre as well as 
in our yarn units, so this concept of ESG and all these certifications we are now having it, 
so now we have to market it, so I think we will grow on this proposition of value addition in 
the growth. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Great Sir. Thank you so much for answering in detail. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditi Rathi from Niveshaay. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditi Rathi: 
Good afternoon everyone. Sir my question is on the budget side. So there has been a 
decrease in the import duty on yarn, fabrics and other accessories in textile so what is your 
take on it, how do you see the current scenario in that terms? 
Updeep Singh: 
We see that this reduction in import duty on certain category of yarn, so it is in certain 
categories of yarn, so we see that in terms of grey manmade fibre yarns I think within India 
and what benefit really comes out of this needs to be seen I think it will take at least one 
quarter to figure out, what is the exact impact of this. 
Aditi Rathi: 
Okay, so currently as such it is not affecting you directly because may be that particular 
segment is not related indirectly to your business? 
Updeep Singh: 
You are absolutely right. 
Aditi Rathi: 
Okay so like maybe in future that might like as you said after one quarter you will be 
correctly able to figure out how is it affecting you? 
Updeep Singh: 
No, I was saying affecting the industry, in case of the dyed yarns this impact comes, there is 
a lack in this, for example if the grey yarn sells more within India there can be more 
demand for dyed subsequently, so we have to wait and watch at least for a quarter. 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Aditi Rathi: 
Okay fine. I have one more question like can you tell me how much percentage of yarn is 
currently being imported on the side of cotton versus manmade? 
Updeep Singh: 
How much yarn is? 
Aditi Rathi: 
Currently being imported. 
Updeep Singh: 
For Sutlej we do not. 
Aditi Rathi: 
Generally for India if I see the domestic market? 
Updeep Singh: 
Domestic market I would not have the exact figures, but I figure out that it is more of the 
manmade yarn which is imported and also filament yarn, cotton yarn import I do not think 
that too much of cotton yarn import in India. 
Aditi Rathi: 
Your company does not have any import related data? 
Updeep Singh: 
No, company may have data on import related I do not remember it often the figure you 
said. 
Aditi Rathi: 
Correct, you do not import any yarn? 
Updeep Singh: 
We do not import any yarn. 
Aditi Rathi: 
Okay, fine. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renuka Jadhav, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Renuka Jadhav: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir my question is on the capex front, so what is your capex 
outlay for FY2023 and FY2024? 
Updeep Singh: 
Thank you RenukaJi for asking this question and being here. Our capex outlay for 2023-
2024 is under preparation, so we would not have too much of capex it is the 
debottlenecking which comes up and we are underway to prepare it and go to the Board in 
the next Board meeting. 
Renuka Jadhav: 
Okay, I would also want to know like going forward by the end of FY2025, what can be the 
revenue mix between yarn and home textile? 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Updeep Singh: 
These are just offhand figures what we have a plan so I would say home textile would go to 
almost more than 10%. 
Renuka Jadhav: 
Okay. 
Updeep Singh: 
Because the category we are in today, for example if we expand the categories in couple of 
years or three years then it might change in home textile, but the categories that we are in an 
upholstery and drapery we expect this percentage of the revenue. 
Renuka Jadhav: 
Okay. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Updeep Singh for closing comments. 
Updeep Singh: 
Ladies and gentlemen thank you very much once more for attending this conference call 
and I would like to conclude this with the statement which you might have read also from 
our Chairman Mr. Nopany that textile industry continued to witness strong demand and 
volume growth on back of having fear of COVID-19 and Government of India’s successful 
mass vaccination campaign. While there was some uncertainty about impact of third wave 
of COVID during the quarter, the Indian textile industry is experiencing high surge in 
demand with structural changes in textile supply chain triggered by China plus one strategy 
and tailwind with various government initiatives for the industry. Cotton prices rose sharply 
and according to stay high part of which was offset by improved yarn realization and higher 
efficiencies. We are fully geared up to meet growing domestic as well as exports demand 
going forward with our well-diversified product portfolio. Thank you very much and I wish 
all of you to stay safe. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
