 
 
 
Q3-FY2022 Earnings Conference Call 
February 15, 2022 
Management: 
Mr. Deep Vadodaria – COO 
Mr. Prashant Sarkhedi – CFO 
Mr. Himanshu Bavishi – President (Finance) 

 
February 15, 2022 
Page 2 of 8 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 and 9 months FY22 
conference call of Nila Infrastructures Limited. As a reminder, all 
participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. Thank you 
and over to you, Mr. Anuj. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. 
My name is Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent investor 
relations of Nila Infrastructures Limited. On behalf of the company, I would 
like to thank you all for participating in the company's earnings conference 
call for the 3rd quarter of financial year 2022. Before we begin, I like to 
mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in 
today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature, such forward looking 
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual 
results should out from those anticipated. Such statements are based on 
management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by and information 
currently available to management or it is a caution not to place any undue 
reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment 
decisions. The purpose of today's earnings call is fairly to educate and bring 
awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial quarter 
under the view. And let me introduce you to the management participating 
with us in today's earnings call and give it over to them for opening remarks. 
The firstly have with us Mr. Deep Vadodaria – Chief Operating Officer (COO), 
Mr. Prashant Sarkhedi – Chief Financial Officer (CFO), Mr. Himanshu Bavishi 
– Group President. Without any further delay I request Mr. Deep Vadodaria 
to give his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 Deep Vadodaria: 
Good morning, friends. I welcome you all to the earnings call for 3rd quarter 
and 9 months of the Financial Year 2022. Our latest presentation has been 

 
February 15, 2022 
Page 3 of 8 
uploaded on the Stock Exchanges and our website. I hope you got a chance 
to take a quick look at the numbers. Before we proceed, I would gladly wish 
to share that our business model of executing Urban Infrastructure projects 
mainly on Public Private Partnership (PPP) is working well. As you know just 
prior to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we had initiated well thought 
out transition of our business model from EPC to PPP mode in alignment of 
our vision of sustainable growth. We are now successful in achieving this 
through a series of policy initiatives and have since moved away from the 
ever stress dynamics of the EPC. Meanwhile, the government’s momentous 
effect on CAPEX is expected to enhance aggregate demand of infrastructure 
development, which will eventually percolate to the private CAPEX too. Also, 
the RBI’s decision to continue with the accommodative stance to revive and 
sustain growth on a durable basis and continue to mitigate the impact of 
COVID-19 on the economy, while ensuring that inflation remains within the 
target going forward, is enabling the conducive financial condition. Under 
this scenario, the company continues to focus on profitable execution of its 
larger order book, leverage strong momentum in affordable housing, cost 
optimization measures, release of funds through improved working capital 
management and a phased divestment of non-core assets. We have been 
striking a balance between profitable growth and capital employed with the 
return ratios being pushed through rigorously, irrespective of the 
macroeconomic volatility. The company is confident building on the current 
business momentum and is committed to creation of sustainable returns for 
all stakeholders. Now coming to our order book at December 31st, 2021, the 
company has confirmed and practically executable order book of Rs. 6,803.2 
million. In line with the ethos of the good governance and ethical practical, 
fairness and transparency, the confirmed and executed order book is 
prudently realigned to depict the factual revenue potential. The book to 
build ratio is not comparable at this point. The average execution cycle of 
this order book is around 27 to 28 months. Very briefly, I will now comment 
on the commitment of each of our business segments before we move on. 
The company’s order book is in line with its focus on core competence of 

 
February 15, 2022 
Page 4 of 8 
affordable housing with 92% orders, which is Rs. 6,230.3 million while better 
margin PPP is the major tributary with 91% of orders which is Rs. 6,223.6 
million. Geographically, the state of Gujarat account for 85% of the orders, 
which is Rs. 5,782.1 million and principal wise government entities accounts 
for 92% of the orders, which is Rs. 6,230.3 million. Overall, the company is 
executing construction of 7,407 units of affordable housing while it has 
already satisfactorily delivered 8,739 units. With this, I now invite Mr. 
Sarkhedi our CFO to discuss the key financial highlights from the period 
under review. 
 Prashant Sarkhedi:  
Good morning, friends. I quickly take you through our financial and 
operational highlights. In terms of the quarterly performance, during the 
Quarter 3 the total revenue of the company is Rs. 274.4 million that is lower 
by Rs. 103.3 million to Quarter 3 of 21 that is Rs. 377.7 million, while it was 
Rs. 280.2 million during the Quarter 2 FY22. Profitability at EBITDA level has 
improved Rs. 21.3 million as compared to Rs. 16.3 million of Quarter 2 FY22. 
The company has booked profit of Rs. 7.3 million that is higher by Rs. 4.1 
million to Quarter 2 FY22’s Rs. 3.2 million. During the 9 months of FY22 the 
total revenue of the company is Rs. 785.7 million that is higher by Rs. 58.7 
million to 9 months FY21’s Rs. 727 million. Profitability at EBITDA level has 
also improved Rs. 58.9 million higher by Rs. 57.6 million to 9 months FY21’s 
Rs. 1.3 million. The company has booked profit of Rs. 12.8 million that is 
higher by Rs. 51.3 million to 9 months FY22’s loss of Rs. 38.5 million. 
Coming to the revenues; the total turnover reduced on quarter-on-quarter 
and year-on-year basis due to the second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic 
induced disorder, including the delay into commencement of the new 
projects, as well as the heavy monsoon restricted the operations. Quarter 3 
FY22 total operational income as increased on quarter-on-quarter basis, 
mainly due to the lower base of effect, while reduced on the year-on-year 
basis. 9 months FY22 turnover and total operational income has increased 
on year-on-year basis, mainly due to the lower base the effect. moving to 

 
February 15, 2022 
Page 5 of 8 
the EBITDA margin, the profitability at EBITDA level has substantially 
positive, mainly due to the lower base of the 9 months FY21 owing to 
cessation of the income while overhead were being incurred. The project 
operation cost has reduced mainly due to the execution of the favorable 
product mix amongst the PPP and EPC. The depreciation and amortization 
expenses charged to the profit and loss accounts have increased 
corresponding to the increase in the fixed assets. The finance cost has been 
reduced mainly due to the reduction in the debt or overall utilization of the 
fund base limit as well as the availment of the working capital term loans 
under the ECGLS 2.0 with subsidized rate of interest. Moving on to PAT the 
overall increment in the income has increased the PBT which is also spilled 
over the PAT level. Moving to the balance sheet the net worth of the 
company has increased corresponding to the PAT on the account of 100% 
ploughing back of the profit. The total debt of the company has reduced by 
Rs. 239.1 million during the 9 months FY22. The company’s account is 
standard with all the lenders, none of the bank guarantee submitted by the 
company has ever been invoke by the principle. In terms of the quarterly 
consolidated performance during Quarter3 FY22, the total consolidated 
revenue is Rs. 253.6 million lower by Rs. 74.6 million to Quarter 3 FY21 Rs. 
328.2 million, while it was Rs. 276 million during the Quarter 2 FY22. The 
consolidated profit is Rs. 2.4 million, which is significantly improved as 
compared to the Quarter 2 FY22 loss of Rs. 5.4 million. During the 9 months 
FY22 the total consolidated revenue is Rs. 698.7 that is a higher by Rs. 25.5 
million to 9 months FY21 Rs. 673.2 million. The consolidated loss of Rs. 8.9 
million signify substantially improved by Rs. 44 million to 9 months FY22 loss 
of Rs. 52.9 million. Now, I open the floor for question and answer that may 
be required further clarification. 
 Moderator: 
We have the first question from the line of Tanush Kanakia who is an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead.  

 
February 15, 2022 
Page 6 of 8 
Tanush Kanakia: 
So, we have consistently had poor performance for the last many quarters. 
Is the management thinking of any change in strategy or change 
diversification in projects or geography as how long can this kind of 
performance continue? 
 Deep Vadodaria: 
Well, first of all, I disagree with disappointing performance. I think it’s in the 
back of the conscious transition that we have been trying to make for the 
last few quarters. Obviously, pandemic was one of the factors which have 
affected across the World but in that process we were able to speed up the 
entire transition and that's why in the initial part of the call, I already said 
that we successfully completed that transition. Now the unexecuted order 
book that we are sitting on is coming 91% from the PPP project. So, that’s a 
conscious call that we had taken before the pandemic actually began. So, 
pandemic actually helped us to speed up the process because the new EPC 
orders are now coming in, we finished of the old EPC orders into place and 
things look pretty good for the next financial year. And most of these PPP 
projects that we have been awarded, work has already started on the 
ground. The execution speed, obviously in the PPP project takes couple of 
quarters to catch up to the speed in terms of booking revenues. So, you 
would see the revenue is probably comparable in the next financial year to 
the pre-pandemic levels. So, we are not really concerned in terms of the 
performance going forward. However, I believe the last two years have been 
stressful for most of the companies out there, especially in the infra space. 
We are very grateful that this call of moving our focus to PPP was taken 
much before the pandemic, which allowed us to have a clarity of thought 
and that's why I commented that the transition now stands complete, and 
we have more than 90% of the unexecuted order book which are on PPP 
basis and not on the EPC. 
Tanush Kanakia: 
In what kind of revenue or profitability are we targeting this year or some 
kind of guidance you can comfortably provide? 

 
February 15, 2022 
Page 7 of 8 
Deep Vadodaria: 
As a policy, we don't come out with guidance’s, but 1 quarter to go in this 
financial year where all the projects have begun, but most of the projects 
have begun execution. But as I said on PPP projects, the execution speed 
takes about couple of quarters to catch up because the first part of the 
execution period is vacating the land and taking possession of a tenant. And 
then eventually starting construction and then we will be moving into the 
break of the year, which is Holi by the end of March. So, this quarter is going 
to be as usual, but going forward in the next financial year, as I said, we can 
look at the revenues which will be comparable to the pre-pandemic level 
and margin as well. 
Tanush Kanakia: 
 So, like I just said, well, it's not been more restrictive to focus only on PPP 
not EPC. Like, will its not be more restrictive to focus only on PPP and not 
EPC, will this not reduce our orderbook? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Answer of that is yes and no. so Yes because, it's not that we are not going 
do EPC projects, but we have a very clear cut guideline in terms of what 
other profitability that we are going to work with. Everybody's seen how 
people focused on heavy EPC orders have suffered in the last two years and 
we don't wish to go down that shore and anybody who's been tracking our 
company since many years, our focus has been very clear. We want growth, 
but we want sustainable growth with decent profitability. We are not only 
chasing revenue growth. We wanted to be sustainable at the profitable level 
and that's where PPP projects give us that flexibility because it's a higher 
profitability business. So, going forward, yes, growth obviously is this one of 
the key criteria’s but then growth has to be clubbed with decent profitability 
into equations. We are not going to chase revenue madly irrespective of 
profitability sinking. 
Tanush Kanakia: 
Okay and lastly just one point, we have given up a lot of orders. Can you 
elaborate the reason for that? 

 
February 15, 2022 
Page 8 of 8 
 Deep Vadodaria: 
There are couple of orders that the civic body, because of the change in 
thrust because of the pandemic has, had withdrawn and a couple of the 
orders where there were design changes. The order was scrapped by the 
employer. Not many, we have already reported all of them in the last few 
quarters, whichever have been withdrawn in the good governance practice. 
But most of these orders were withdrawn because of either a changes by 
the employer, in terms of the focus that they wanted and to the other 
element of orders which were withdrawn where pertaining to design 
changes in terms of Pandemic has changed a lot of things but if you look at 
the overall scheme of things, the number of orders had not been sizable in 
terms of the orders that we scrapped and even today we are sitting on 
unexecuted order book of Rs. 680 crores, which is a sizeable order book. 
Moderator: 
Since we have no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Deep Vadodaria from Nila Infrastructures Limited for closing 
comments. 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Thank you friends for taking the time out to attend this call. We will look 
forward to having you in the next quarter's call. Meanwhile, I and our team 
will be more than happy to assist you. Thank you again. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Nila Infrastructures Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
