Keva 
February 21, 2022 
To 
To 
The Manager 
The Manager 
The Department of Corporate Services 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai — 400 001 
Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 539450 
Scrip Symbol: SHK 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: 
Submission 
of transcript 
of conference 
call 
under 
Regulation 
30 
of Securities 
and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we are enclosing the transcript of Q3 & 9M FY 22 Earnings conference call for investors and 
analysts organized by the Company on Tuesday, February 08, 2022 at 02:00 P.M. IST. 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For SH Kelkar and Comp; 
  
  
Deepti 
Company Secretary & GM Legal 
  
Enel: As Above 
S H Kelkar And Company Limited 
Gig 
Lal Bahadur Shashtri Marg, Mulund (West), Mumbai - 400 O80. 
Tel 
: +91 22 2167 7777 
Regd. Office 
: Devkaran Mansion, 36, Mangaldas Road, Mumbai - 400 002. (INDIA) 
Phone 
: (022) 2206 96 O9 & 2201 91 30 / Fax 
: (022) 2208 12 04 
www.keva.co.in 
CIN No, L74999MH1955PLC009593

Keva 
S.H. Kelkar & Company Limited 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 08, 2022 
  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the earnings conference 
call of S.H. Kelkar and Company Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be 
in listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘* then ‘0’ 
on 
your touchtone 
phone. 
Please 
note 
that 
this conference 
is 
being 
recorded. 
| now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on S.H. 
Kelkar and Company Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY22 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us Mr. Kedar Vaze, Whole-time Director and Group CEO; and 
Mr. Rohit Saraogi, EVP and Group CFO of the Company. 
We would like to begin the call with opening remarks from the management, 
following which we will open the forum for a question-and-answer session. 
Before we start, 
| would like to point out that some statements made in this 
today’s call may be forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect 
has been included in the earnings presentation shared with you earlier. 
| would now like to invite Mr. Kedar Vaze to make his opening remarks. 
Kedar Vaze: 
Good 
afternoon, 
everyone. 
And 
thank 
you 
for 
joining 
us 
on 
our 
Q3 & 9M FY22 earnings conference call. 
We have reported a steady performance 
in the quarter and nine months. 
Q3 FY22 grew by 6% on back of rebound 
in consumer demand and new 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Concall Transcript 
Page 
1 of 21

Keva 
client wins. Emerging markets reported a 3% revenue growth on account of 
subdued volume particularly in December due to pandemic disruption. 
European market reported constant growth of 8% with 18% growth in CFF’s 
core business. In our core domestic Fragrance business, we saw improved 
demand momentum, with revenues improving by 12% year-on-year and 3%, 
sequentially. The Southeast Asia region continued to be affected by the 
COVID 
serge 
and 
is 
yet 
to 
recover. 
Furthermore, 
there were 
supply 
disruption during the quarter that has impacted export shipments. 
On the raw materials front, we continue to witness cost pressures on account 
of global inflation, with additional challenge due to supply chain constraints 
and logistics. This moderated our profitability performance and margins on 
a year-on-year 
basis. 
However, 
despite 
the ongoing 
challenges, 
on 
a 
sequential basis, our margins have remained 
in the stable range. Gross 
margin stood at around 41% and EBITDA margin stood at 15.8% in Q3FY22. 
In order to mitigate cost pressures, we are working with our customers and 
undertaking price hikes. Our Profit After Tax 
in Q3FY22 has come 
in at 
Rs. 32.4 crore. 
Coming now to some key business updates: 
We 
are happy 
to share 
that we 
have acquired 62% stake 
of Holland 
Aromatics, a leading Fragrance company in the Netherlands. The balance 
38% will be acquired in two tranches of 19% each over the next two years. 
The transaction brings onboard a high potential company with strong local 
presence in Europe, particularly Northern Europe, and complementary to our 
CFF business. A proven expertise in the F&F industry, along with a blend of 
capabilities from CFF, 
Nova and Holland Aromatics 
will strengthen our 
endeavor to tap upon diverse customer segments ranging from local MNCs 
and particularly assist us in our endeavors to take global MNC business. 
We are also pleased to share that we are now participating in a global RFP 
that is ‘Request For Proposal’ and engaging with a large global FMCG MNC 
for commercial tender submission. This is a global business in excess of a 
billion dollars, which is up for negotiation. This is a key step and sets the 
stage for SHK to tap upon further global opportunities and a key focus area 
that should drive the next leg of growth for us. 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Concall Transcript 
Page 2 of 21

Keva 
In another key development during the quarter, the Board has approved the 
acquisition of 100% stake of NuTaste Food and Drink Labs. This acquisition 
accelerates the momentum 
of our Flavour business and enables us 
to 
further expand into the high potential Flavour categories such as syrups, 
sauces, 
seasoning, 
fruit preparations, 
and 
other such 
premium 
grade 
products. The transaction brings onboard a solid and reputed customer base 
across the fast-moving FMCG, particularly QSR space. Overall, both these 
acquisitions are value accretive, synergistic and growth oriented. 
From a consolidated balance sheet perspective, our net debt position stood 
at Rs. 438 crore, as on December 31, 2021, compared to Rs. 347 crore, as 
on September 30, 2021. The increase in debt was primarily due to higher 
working capital 
in the current inflationary environment. 
| would also like to 
share that following the conclusion of our latest two acquisitions, we expect 
that our net debt will reach levels of around Rs. 550 crore 
in the coming 
quarter. While we had indicated in the past that we would be reducing our 
debt levels, these acquisitions presented significant potential 
for future 
growth. Both acquisitions are highly growth oriented and as such rare in our 
globally competitive and highly consolidated industry. They align and 
fit 
perfectly with our vision of emerging as a notable player, particularly with 
global MNCs. Having said that, we have historically been conservative on 
that, and we will continue our endeavor to reduce debt from the next quarter 
onwards. 
To conclude, with the Omicron variant impacting discretionary spending to 
some extent, we witnessed moderate growth 
in December and January. 
However, we are operationally 
in 
a strong position, seeing healthy wins 
across the markets and our strategic initiatives and participation 
in global 
RFP should result in positive growth momentum over the next few fiscals. 
Overall, we are confident on driving growth should enable 
us to report 
healthy performance going forward. 
| would request the moderator to open the forum for any questions or 
suggestions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much.. 
The 
first 
question 
is 
from 
the 
line 
of 
Viraj 
Kacharia from 
Securities 
Investment Management. Please go ahead. 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Concall Transcript 
Page 3 of 21

Keva 
Viraj Kacharia: 
First question 
is on acquisition. 
So, 
if you can just provide some more 
detailed perspectiveonwhat kind of complimentary portfolio and addressable 
market opportunity has kind of opened up for all? And you also alluded that 
it provides a high growth opportunity, so 
if you can elaborate a little bit? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, 
let me start with 
Holland Aromatics. 
Holland Aromatics 
is 
a niche 
Fragrance manufacturer 
in the Netherlands with about roughly EUR 6.5 
million annual revenue and greater than EUR 2 million EBIDTA. 
It is in close 
proximity 
to 
our 
sites 
both 
the 
erstwhile 
manufacturing 
site 
and 
the 
development laboratories in Amsterdam. Given 
its proximity and ability to 
work together with our development site, we are very confident of further 
expanding 
their business 
into 
Northern 
Europe 
covering 
Benelux 
and 
Germany as an additional market. We already have our CFF manufacturing 
site in Italy, which allows us to cover most of Southern Europe and Eastern 
parts 
like 
Turkey 
supplied 
from 
Italy. 
So, 
this two-manufacturing 
site 
approach will help us to consolidate our position in Europe. 
Additionally, there are a couple of global MNC FMCG companies with strong 
presence in the Netherlands havingtheir development and headquarters for 
corporate global working. So, the Netherlands acquisition also strengthens 
our liaising with the local headquarters or R&D centers in the Netherlands 
with these companies. So, this allows us to grow the CFF and European 
business on 
a much faster yield. As both 
North Europe, South Europe 
demand can be fulfilled in one composite group. 
Additionally, Holland Aromatics has export businesses in Indonesia. And as 
you know that we have embarked on a ‘3l’ strategy with Indonesia, India and 
Italy 
being 
our focus areas 
for future 
growth. 
So, 
Holland 
Aromatics 
complements the business that we are doing 
in Indonesia and with their 
support and they have some tie ups in the Indonesia market, which we will 
benefit going forward. 
As to the second acquisition, which is NuTaste. NuTaste is in the space, 
which is traditionally between Flavour and FMCG product companies. So, 
for example, we are making chocolate flavours, they are making chocolate 
sauces and chocolate 
inclusions 
for biscuits and 
bakery confectionery 
companies and with this, the complementary set of products that go 
to 
FMCG 
and 
pharmaceutical 
companies, 
we 
are 
able 
to 
offer 
the 
full 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Concall Transcript 
Page 4 of 21

Keva 
complement of products. They are already working with large FMCGs. And 
so, with the offering 
of both 
direct Flavour and Flavour plus additional 
products, we are able to cater to entire requirements of the FMCG, bakery, 
confectionery, pharma sectors. 
Apart from that we also have a solid powder Flavour facility together with our 
earlier acquisition, which has given us some amount of Savory Flavours. We 
are now targeting 
the QSR business and 
Savory 
Flavour business 
in 
combination, where 
in all the food segments there 
is this dual kind of an 
approach, one is the Concentrate Flavours, and the other is ready-to-use 
Flavours. And 
in this NuTaste 
is complementing our Concentrate Flavour 
business 
by 
having 
ready-to-use 
products 
for 
QSR 
(Quick 
Service 
Restaurants) 
and FMCG companies, 
including 
nutritional supplements, 
nutrition business and Flavour for beverage, pharmaceutical and bakery 
industries. 
It complements the Flavour business and 
it allows this to grow 
beyond the traditional R&D-led Flavour usage to broader usage, including 
large canteens and some of the midsized food delivery and food companies 
which utilize Flavours in a ready-to-use form. So, this has given us another 
growth opportunity for our Flavours business. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Just one follow up on Holland Aromatics. Sir, we paid around EUR 13 million 
for 62%, so it is easy to say we paid slightly upwards of 3 times. So internally 
when we think that we expect a high growth, what kind of growth we are 
looking at? 
Kedar Vaze: 
It is 10 times of EBITDA and we are very confident to replicate CFF type 
double digit growth within Europe. The company has been growing at excess 
10% CAGR 
in the 
last three, 
four years. And we 
will supplement and 
complement that with our CFF and Keva Technologies to further continue 
this momentum. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Second question is, so with the Holland Aromatics acquisition and the other 
as well, you said our overall net debt will be close to Rs. 550 crore, so over 
next one to two years do we have any target in terms of what kind of a debt 
levels we want to settle down with? And also 
in the December business 
update, 
we 
talked 
about 
paying 
Rs. 12.5 crore fee for participating in global RFQ, so that’s including in the 
current quarter numbers or it will get reflected in Q4? 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Concall Transcript 
Page 5 of 21

Kedar Vaze: 
Rohit Saraogi: 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Moderator: 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Keva 
So, 
Rs. 
12.5 crore 
is WIP, and hasnot crystallized 
as 
yet. 
So, we are 
currently in the business discussions and once the RFP 
is submitted, we 
hope to get sufficient business to be able to cover our investments in this 
tender process plus three 
years’ business growth. 
So, 
the 
total tender 
quantum is excess of $1 
billion and we are waiting and expecting the first 
awards of business to come 
in probably next two months and then 
it’s a 
process whereby the entire business will be awarded over a period of 12 
months thereafter. 
And the cost will get amortized over a period of the contract. So, suppose if 
we get 
a contract for a period 
of two years or three years, the cost of 
Rs. 12 crore will get amortized. 
Okay. And on debt part? 
Yes. So, debt reduction, we are already looking at that, as we talked earlier. 
The high inflation in the raw material has meant that almost Rs. 50 crore, 
Rs. 60 crore of additional raw material value we have taken for the same 
volume that we have been managing and keeping. We believe that once the 
raw material inflation stabilizes in one quarter to two quarters, this kind of 
money cash flow will quickly come back in addition to the operating profit of 
that quarter. So, there is a ballpark Rs. 60 crore of working capital which has 
gone 
in. And as the sales price increases take place, this entire working 
capital 
has 
to 
go 
through 
the 
cycle 
for 
recoveries. 
And 
we 
will 
get 
Rs. 60 crore out of the working capital in addition to the operating profit of 
each quarter. 
The 
next question 
is 
from 
the 
line 
of Lakshminarayanan 
from 
ICICI 
Prudential AMC. Please go ahead. 
Just two questions. 
If we look at our history, the last four or five years we 
have done several acquisitions, the small tuck-in acquisitions to large ones, 
right? So, 
if you just put it together over the last four, five years, what has 
been 
the experience 
in terms 
of the total capital that has gone 
in 
for 
acquisition, how that has actually benefited the company, either qualitatively 
or quantitatively? And subsequently, how do you look at it, whether this will 
yield results? One, should we look at it immediately, or should we look at it 
in long term, so how do you look at it because we have CFF last year which 
we acquired and this year also, we had this, right? While 
| understand this 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Concall Transcript 
Page 6 of 21

Kedar Vaze: 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Keva 
one is synergistic, just to understand how much capital has gone in and what 
has been the result qualitatively and quantitatively? 
| think, Mr. Lakshminarayanan, 
if you allow me to send that statement with 
a total capital outlay and a specific comment on each acquisition and where 
we are, that’s probably a better way of looking at 
it. So, we will make an 
update on this 
Yes, maybe one suggestion is that maybe in your presentation itself, you 
can actually just put a chronological snapshot of acquisitions, what has been 
done, so that it will be helpful for investors at large. 
We will try to post that in our annual report, where we can do justice on the 
total discussion. So, we will endeavour to make a section in annual report 
with our last five years view on acquisition and way forward. 
But anything on the top of the mind you want to tell, not numerically, but 
qualitatively? 
So, going back to the strategy of the acquisitions, first leg of acquisition was 
on the Ingredients, the second leg of acquisitions was on the Flavours, and 
now recently, 
it is to expand further the Fragrances business. In each way, 
we had a 
specific strategic target as to why we want to do the acquisition 
and what are the benefits for that acquisition. 
| think, by and large, 
| would 
say 90% of the objectives have been met. 
In terms the environment on GST and post pandemic, the subsequent 
penciled growth rates of the economy or customer side have not panned out. 
And that’s why some of the acquisition value and the debt has gone up faster 
than what we had originally planned. But these are matters, 
| would say, 
within tactical one 
or two years of slow growth and pandemic situation. 
Otherwise, by and large, 
if you see the CFF which was not facing the same 
kind of pandemic pressures, we have delivered double-digit growth. On the 
various Flavour acquisitions we have now integrated last year and you've 
seen that last year or two years, we have a double digit CAGR growth in the 
Flavours. There 
is good traction 
in terms 
of product development and 
approach. 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Concall Transcript 
Page 7 of 21

Lakshminarayanan: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Keva 
So overall, 
| think the acquisition strategies have been well worked out and 
it's working well. Wwe now need to focus on consolidating the acquisitions to 
build the synergies that we will take up in the next one or two years that we 
consolidate what we have. The key point here is that now we've also been 
able to demonstrate manufacturing and capability outside India. And one of 
the key conditions of the global MNC RFP, as I’ve mentioned earlier, 
is 
innovation and geographic spread beyond one location or one country. So, 
with the 
Italy and now Holland manufacturing, 
India manufacturing and 
China manufacturing, we are now in a position to participate on the global 
RFP. 
So, on the strategic front, the views that we had on the acquisitions have 
largely been fulfilled. On the technical front, yes, the revenue growth has not 
happened 
in the same manner that we had penciled when we 
did the 
acquisitions. 
But 
| attribute 
large 
part of that to the pandemic situation, 
because as soon as we've seen non-pandemic quarters, we are doing good 
growth. 
Got it. So, 
if you just look at next three to five years, would you be looking 
for more acquisitions or you would first be looking to consolidating this, how 
you think three to five years out? 
So right now, we are 
in the situation of consolidating what we have just 
recently acquired, 
till we are able to consolidate, bring down our debt to 
levels of less than 2 times of the EBITDA, we would not look at any further 
acquisitions. 
Got 
it. And in terms of the cost of debt, what is your approximate cost of 
debt? Because on the balance sheet appears to be a 3.5% or so, 
| mean, 
| 
don’t know whether my calculation is right. 
Yes, that’s right. The cost of debt is somewhere between 3% and 3.5%, 
because most of the debt is in overseas U.S. dollar or Euro denominated 
debt and underlying businesses are also generating sales and return on the 
same currency. 
And in the last one, two years, we have been accelerating on acquisitions, 
is it that there is some kind of a change in the landscape that a lot of assets 
are coming at good prices or one is, of course, your business need. But why 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Concall Transcript 
Page 8 of 21

Keva 
a lot of assets are coming up and how do you think about it? There’s some 
consolidation taking place or not? 
Kedar Vaze: 
| think, the obvious answer to that 
is that there 
is a 
lot of liquidity in the 
market. And there is a strong consolidation and a wave of consolidation not 
only from our side but as an industry all the large players and significant 
players are on substantial acquisition in the last couple of years. Plus, these 
midsize and smaller businesses have had to deal with the pandemic and 
effects of the pandemic which 
is making 
it attractive for them to sell their 
business or in cases joint venture or otherwise. 
So, there is a situation between sort of two opposing forces liquidity driven 
acquisition plus sort of businesses are willing to make a deal at this time 
because 
of the 
uncertainties. 
That 
is why there 
has been 
a 
trend 
of 
acquisitions in our industry and 
| think, 
in a lot of industries recently. The 
other flipside and the reason we needed to participate in this also is to ensure 
that we have some of our strategic goals in terms of Europe and further 
growth on Flavours and that we don’t fall behind. And there 
is further 
consolidation of the industry that we don’t get a chance to participate in the 
future. So, some of the acquisitions we have needed to do, making sure that 
we have a foot in the door and we know that there will be a player in the 
market in different geographies or in different business segments where we 
need to have our next leg of growth. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Got it. Just one last question from my side. So, 
if you split the business into 
India and non-India and again Fragrance and Flavours, which you think will 
grow faster and also be more margin accretive? Is it that the India Fragrance 
will outpace or the India Flavours will do or the international piece? 
Kedar Vaze: 
| think the opportunities are, we have the global RFP, which is largely on the 
Fragrance, which will not be only India centric, 
it will be on a global nature. 
Our acquisitions 
in Europe are on the midsize and smaller end 
of the 
Fragrance customers, so these are the areas which are growing faster in the 
developed market. And we continue to engage with all our large corporate 
customers within India and South Asia, which is third leg of growth. 
Having said that on Fragrance, the Southeast Asia region particularly has 
been affected in the pandemic on sort of longer timelines than Europe or 
Middle East. And we are looking at the correct strategy and timing to restore 
the growth momentum 
in Southeast Asia. 
So 
out of the three regions, 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Concall Transcript 
Page 9 of 21

Lakshminarayanan: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Moderator: 
Sachin Kasera: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Sachin Kasera: 
Keva 
Southeast Asia has been lagging, India is following market, Italy has been 
ahead of market on both current and in terms of the future potential. 
In the Flavour side, 
India as a Flavour and Food market is a very large 
opportunity for us in the next decade or two decades as the trend towards 
packaged food and flavoured products starts to increase. 
Okay. what has been the two-year CAGR of the fragrance division domestic 
and international? 
| mean, 
| have the one-year number which is there but 
what has been the two years growth? 
So, the fragrance, two-year CAGR has been 4% on Emerging Markets, and 
11% on the Developed markets in Italy and Flavour CAGR is double-digits 
across. 
Sir, you said India is 4%, that’s what 
| heard nine months. 
That’s right. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sachin Kasera from Svan 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Sir, my question is, regarding the tender, which you highlighted opening up 
in next couple of months, could you talk in a bit detail about them who will 
be the peers, which segment you will be looking at, the size of the tender, 
the business you're looking at? 
So, at this moment, 
| am only at liberty to say that it's well over a billion 
dollars total global annual potential, which we are bidding for. There are 
various bidders and over the next 12 months the tender which is sort of a 
total global tender will be broken up into specific bidding portions and that 
process will be complete 
in the next 12 months. We should have our first 
results in terms of business award or potential business award sometime in 
the next two months. And then following that, we expect a 12-month process 
where various parts of the overall business are then kind of tendered and 
negotiated and going forward the businesses start. 
Okay. So, what is the duration of the tender? 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Concall Transcript 
Page 10 of 21

Kedar Vaze: 
Sachin Kasera: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Sachin Kasera: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Sachin Kasera: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Sachin Kasera: 
Keva 
Multi-year agreement, excess of three, four years agreement to supply and 
it will start 
| think somewhere in April in terms of the timelines of the process. 
And 
it 
will continue thereafter business by business throughout the 
12 
months, the next year. 
So, sorry 
| missed that, from the time we win the tender, how long does 
it 
take for it to show it in the P&L? 
So, assuming 
that you 
have 
a business opportunity tender 
in 
April, 
it 
probably takes 
five 
to 
six months before 
the change 
in 
the 
business 
happens. 
If the tender is awarded in April, the business should start in 1st of 
October, something like that. So there could be two quarter delay between 
the award of the business and the actual revenue flow. 
Okay, okay. So, versus a billion-dollar tender size, what sort of size are we 
looking at in terms of the business opportunity, the customer also looks at 
our P&L size and kind of bid the business accordingly, how should we kind 
of understand this? 
So, we are bidding for all parts of the business. But in terms of our strategy 
and our current operations in Italy, India and Indonesia, we stand a better 
chance 
in these geographies and certain specific categories. 
Its 
a very 
complex process. And I’m not at liberty to divulge any more details at this 
moment since 
it's 
in work 
in progress. 
But we expect sizeable growth 
opportunity in this tender over the next 12 months, starting from April, May 
when the first result start coming in. And we anticipate that in terms of size 
of the business, the total size is over a billion dollars. But very practically, 
even 
if we look at 5% of that business being materialized 
in reasonable 
short-term, that’s something which is exciting for us to take forward. 
And sir a billion dollar, just clarifying will this be annual size of the revenue 
it's over time of the contract? 
No, annual revenue size 
is more than billion dollars and we hope to start 
somewhere with 5% to 7% of that business in the first wave. 
Okay. And sir, can you please repeat the Flavour -industry CAGR, two-year 
CAGR which you just mentioned to the other participant for the Indonesia, 
India and Europe market? 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Concall Transcript 
Page 11 of 21

Kedar Vaze: 
Sachin Kasera: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Sachin Kasera: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Sachin Kasera: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Sachin Kasera: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Sachin Kasera: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Bharat Sheth: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Keva 
Yes, so India, as 
| mentioned is 4%, Europe is 11% and Southeast Asia is 
minus 2% CAGR growth, somewhere minus 2%, minus 3%, where we have 
had supply disruptions and slow growth. 
Okay. this is F&F combined? 
This is Fragrance and Flavours is largely 11% CAGR growth in two years. 
India,Middle East and South Asia, this region, we monitor our markets in 
emerging and other markets and so further in South Asia placed as one and 
Southeast Asia as the second. 
Okay. 
And 
sir, 
coming 
to 
this 
Holland 
Aromatics 
acquisition, 
so 
you 
mentioned we paid 10 times of the EBITDA? 
10 times EBITDA ballpark number. 
Okay, okay. So that is almost similar to our valuation. 
That’s correct. 
Okay, okay. So, how many other companies were there along with us if you 
could? 
In terms of? 
In terms of bidding for the asset, were there any other companies? 
| don’t have full information on that. So, 
| don’t want to speculate. 
Good afternoon and thanks for the opportunity. Kedar, my all the questions 
have been answered, one question recently that Swiss company, which 
acquired a 10% stake in our company, which is of course, we are already 
working with them. So, with that, their acquisition do you think it can open 
up more door for us, our company to do business with them? 
So, we are already within the Fragrance and Flavour industry customers and 
competitors 
and 
suppliers, 
its 
a common 
pool 
we 
buy 
from 
all 
our 
competitors, competitors buy from us various ingredients, and we compete 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Concall Transcript 
Page 12 of 21

Bharat Sheth: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Bharat Sheth: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Bharat Sheth: 
Keva 
on the final formulation and composite business of the FMCG. So, there is 
always buy and sell relationship within the industry with many people. 
With this 10%, really it’s just 
| would say industry insiders thumbs up on our 
strategy and growth potential. And we are already discussing and working 
with Firmenich on various initiatives as a normal business development and 
| think this may open up some further initiatives on that front. 
| just want to 
stress that we are independent company in the industry. We have no tie up 
with Firmenich or anybody else. And we continue to remain independent and 
operate our own strategy in the future. 
Okay. And this Indian acquisition, what is the size of that company? And that 
how much 
really 
with 
complementary 
products 
and 
so 
cross 
selling 
opportunity is there for us? 
So, this year the revenue is estimated between INR 30 crore and 40 crore, 
depending on the pandemic scenario, 
if it eased up, maybe the revenues 
will pick up but we expect somewhere between INR 30 crore and INR 35 
crore of revenue annualized basis. And that adds nicely to our own Rs.120 
crore annualized basis revenue. 
And any colour on their EBITDA margin? 
So, 
| think their EBITDA margins are lower, as 
| mentioned, we are in the 
concentrated Flavour business, they are more in the ready—to-use business. 
Their EBITDA margins are in the 7% to 8% range but that is on a much larger 
volume, more linked to commodities and QSR and direct-to-consumer usage 
and also, with the FMCG customers. So, they’re sort of in between step and 
the Concentrated Flavour is converted into either a chocolate sauce or a 
chocolate inclusion 
or spicy sauce. And those are then included by the 
FMCG, or kitchens or direct to consumer product companies. So, it’s a step 
down from our Concentrated Flavours into ready to use Flavour market. So, 
its much higher volume from 
a volume point of view but most of 
it 
is 
commodity 
trading 
and 
value 
addition 
comes 
from 
the 
Flavour 
and 
nutraceutical elements. 
Okay. So, is there any cross-selling opportunity? 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Concall Transcript 
Page 13 of 21

Kedar Vaze: 
Bharat Sheth: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Bharat Sheth: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Madhav Marda: 
Keva 
There 
are good complementary 
set 
of FMCG and 
clients and 
certain 
segments which are not our current clients, like QSR and common kitchens, 
canteens, things like this, which are not using direct Flavours but using 
ready-t- use Flavour mixes. So, their business is a straight add-on business 
in terms of our approach to the client. The large clients they have a 
full- 
fledged R&D are often buying concentrated Flavours but the mid-size and 
sort of kitchen canteens, QSR, fast food chains they are interested to buy 
ready to use Flavour products. You've seen, for example, Peri-peri and all 
the fast-food chains have their mixes on top of their product. And all these 
are QSR products which this company also makes. So, it’s a very good direct 
approach to customer segment which we don’t have and complementary 
product mix to the customers that are common. 
So, Kedar if you can dive some colour on now, with pandemic, maybe at the 
fag end again and how the South-East Asia market will open up. So next 
year, what kind of whole consolidated number and EBITDA margin are we 
envisaging? And last 
- one core product that for which we had tie-up 
in 
respect of which we had done R&D So, is that ramping up? 
Yes, that is ramping up. Again, this is being expensive product, itis not easy 
to ramp up during the pandemic situation because 
it requires presentation 
to the clients and users and how to use and so on and so forth. So, we've 
had a stop and start and between the two waves of the pandemic, we were 
able to convert new clients. That business has started ramping up quite well. 
| think, next year, we expect it to touch INR 30 crore to INR 40 crore in annual 
revenue if everything goes normally. 
And the South-East Asia market, what's your sense on next year? 
So, In think, in South-East Asia market our basic product range and product 
type seems 
to 
be 
wel- accepted. 
Its 
a 
question 
of the 
supply chain 
particularly being disrupted during the pandemic.As 
| mentioned Holland 
Aromatics also has certain business in Indonesia, 
it 
will now help 
in 
local 
supply chain enhancement which will allow us to regain some of our lost 
market share. 
In a normal environment without any pandemic situation, 
| 
think we will restore our 10%, 12% growth rate in South-East Asia. 
Yes, my question is again in respect to global RFPs, 
it was a bit tricky for us 
to bid. But now that the opportunities have started opening up, what has 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Concall Transcript 
Page 14 of 21

Keva 
really changed, that now we can bid for these large global tenders, just 
wanted to understand on that? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, nothing has changed, we were always knocking on the doors. So, 
| think 
if you see the commentary, we’ve been talking about in the last three to four 
years that this is the opportunity of growth for us and 
| think finally, we have 
been able to initiate that and take it to the next level. 
Madhav Marda: 
Okay, okay. Got 
it. And this new business like you said, we are targeting 
something like 5% to 7% of that global tender, typically margins on these 
kinds of contracts, are they similar to our existing business margins or are 
they like higher or lower given that it’s a very large size contract? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Typically, the gross margin level will be lower but the net margin levels would 
be similar because the typical volume and the kind of overhead per kilo costs 
and other benefits in terms of operating leverage. So, we are looking at it in 
totality where we don’t see an erosion of net margin, we would see definitely 
smaller gross margin on a much larger base, so that will be typical scenario. 
If you look at our current composite margin of 41%, 
it varies from 30% to 
upwards of 50%, between the small and the large products. And with the 
size of the global business, we probably look at somewhere around the 25% 
gross margin level. 
It will have to be product-by-product country -specific 
discussion. But yes, 
it will be on the lower end of our gross margin level but 
they will be much larger volumes of business with the shorter lead times and 
shorter inventory cycles. So, we anticipate that is a different kind of business. 
Madhav Marda: 
So, 
it's 25% gross margins and EBITDA margins are like 15%, 16% or is 
there a bit more? 
Kedar Vaze: 
We have no colour on exactly how much business, which business we will 
get. 
But assuming we 
get an average cross section 
of small and 
big 
businesses, we will be in ballpark 25% gross margin and 15% plus EBITDA 
margin. And it depends on the synergies with the rest of the business, if it is 
similar in the common raw materials, things like this, then we will have a 
further benefit in the EBITDA margins. 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Concall Transcript 
Page 15 of 21

Keva 
Madhav Marda: 
Got it. And last question is everyone has been facing the issue around raw 
material inflation, do you think Q4 will be able to pass through most of it or 
it's goes to -- like sort of the impact will last more into Q1 of next fiscal? 
Kedar Vaze: 
| think raw material inflation 
is not static, 
its 
a dynamic thing. There 
is 
continuous pressure even in this quarter and as we speak. So, we’ve been 
able to pass on some of 
it to the clients, some of that we are managing 
through the inventory management and inventory stocking that we have 
done. 
| don’t have a specific timeline in terms of when the inflation will stop 
or how things will pan out in the future. 
As of now, in the first quarter January-March, we should be in similar gross 
margin as the quarter three, that’s our target and we will continue to push 
selling prices in line with the cost price increases and manage to hold our 
gross margin 
at these levels. However, 
if there 
is another bout of high 
inflation, it may not be possible to maintain the gross margins., We will come 
back on it in our business updates. 
Vipul Shah: 
Just wanted to understand from your perspective, first of all, congratulations 
on this really brave step of considering bidding for this huge opportunity 
which S.H. Kelkar is looking at. So, apart from the fee, which you have 
mentioned in your business update earlier, assuming that our company is in 
a position 
to back the contract, 
will there be 
a specific additional plant 
requirement to be put up? So how are you looking at the CapEx for this? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, again, as 
| mentioned, it depends on the nature of business and the final 
award. The objective and the manner in which we are negotiating that if there 
is any additional CAPEX, then it would be something that will get amortized 
over the period of the contract and we will recover from the contract period. 
We expect not very large amounts of CAPEX because most of the plant and 
machinery and the requirements for this are already in place but in event 
they need 
us 
to 
put any dedicated 
facility 
in any part of the world 
or 
somewhere any sort of additional capacity for whatever reason then we will 
have that paid back through the contract period amortization. 
Vipul Shah: 
So, what 
| understand is that if the contract size is say X amount, 
it can be 
catered to form our existing plants but if it's you say beyond X, then we may 
have to do some CAPEX depending on and as you said, we will be able to 
recoup in terms of our IRRs, right? 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Concall Transcript 
Page 16 of 21

Keva 
Kedar Vaze: 
Actually, 
in the geographies where we already have a plant or operations, 
there may not be a capacity constraint. But tomorrow since this is a global 
tender and let’s say want me to supply 1,000 tons of fragrance in Argentina, 
then we will have to set up something to manage that supply chain and we 
will amortize those costs accordingly through the period of the contract. 
| 
believe in Indonesia and Europe, we have sufficient assets on the ground 
and no real or large investments required. For the other regions, particularly 
America and Africa, we may require some investment if such a business 
does arise but 
it will be discussed with them at that time from a CAPEX 
neutral point of view, all our proposals are based on zero CAPEX basis. So 
if there is a CAPEX requirement, we will have that as an additional cost to 
the manufacturing. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
| think this question was raised earlier by a participant but 
| just want to have 
a follow through like, we've been saying for three, five years that we were 
trying to get in and break 
into the MNC customers and we were putting all 
the efforts but just to understand is it like now probably our scale has reached 
to a level or our balance sheet strength has reached to a level that we are 
being invited for such kind of deals? Or what exactly has changed that we 
are able to go and participate in the deals now? That is first. Second part is, 
do you see that probably whatever the outcome comes, do you see that 
more such inquiry levels could be coming up for the future, for Keva as a 
group? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes. So, to answer your question in two bits. First is that it's a step-by-step 
development 
in three years ago, we got a small engagement which we 
started the business last year, which was 
a 
kind 
of annual potential 
of 
Rs. 
1 
crore. So, 
it was sort of test. Last year September, we won a local 
business which is ballpark INR 20 crore to INR 30 crore annualized revenue. 
So, 
| think the steps of qualification kind of have been taken through. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Okay. Secondly when you said consolidation of our acquisitions. One is like 
streamlining the processes and bringing the cultural and the R&D team on 
single page. But in terms of growth aspects when you probably did these 
acquisitions 
and 
how 
do 
you 
see 
that 
growth 
aspect 
in 
terms 
of 
consolidation? When you said one of the companies have Rs. 30 crore kind 
of a top line, another is a EUR 13 million kind of a top line, what kind of 
growth do you believe that probably can be expected, once our consolidation 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Concall Transcript 
Page 17 of 21

Keva 
phase gets over, what kind of scale these companies should achieve? Or 
probably this kind of revenue these companies should be able to provide to 
Keva? How do you see that growth in terms of the consolidation phase? And 
secondly, on the margin profile, do you think there is enough opportunity to 
improve the margins in these companies as well? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, as a general case, the margins in the European markets are better than 
in the Asian markets in almost all product categories. So, we are adding that 
additional margin leg to our overall product portfolio. We're also dividing our 
R&D expenditure over larger base of customers and products, which help 
us in terms of upper, below or revenue cost of R&D to amortize 
it over a 
broader base. 
So, these 
benefits 
both 
the companies which we 
have 
acquired as well as our current R&D team to monetize their research at a 
faster timeline. Having said that, the opportunities are different, the global 
opportunity we have already talked. Plus, we are looking at European market 
opportunity through these two acquisitions of CFF and Holland Aromatics. 
We believe that the European market like most developed markets has 
undergone 
a major transition point in the pandemic and we would see a 
spate of new type of products particularly going direct to customer through 
the digital platforms, which is the growth leg which CFF is already benefiting 
from and we see similar growth in Holland Aromatics and combining these 
we can 
bring further operating efficiencies. And then further growth 
is 
midsize and smaller customer a new brand business in Europe. 
The other acquisition 
is in the food space, 
| think we are at the tip of the 
iceberg as far as QSR and food space in India is concerned. 
If 
| have to pin- 
point in terms of revenue growth opportunity that is a single largest exciting 
opportunity in terms of potential runway because we are at this moment INR 
30 crore and the business industry 
is already INR 2,000 plus crore and 
growing at a very fast pace. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Okay. Last question, Kedar, like 
if we go back to our previous years’ calls, 
and one of the thing was that the Company had invested a significant amount 
in R&D and had created a big pipeline of products. And that is why you had 
mentioned 
that probably the R&D 
costs 
will 
remain 
flat 
or with these 
acquisitions like CFF and subsequent the two acquisitions which we have 
done, how large does the R&D molecule pipeline or the developed product 
pipeline become for us? Is it significant enough? 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Concall Transcript 
Page 18 of 21

Keva 
Kedar Vaze: 
They are not innovator companies as far as R&D 
is concerned, they are 
more users. So, we have added more markets for our R&D molecules in 
European 
market. 
For 
additional 
R&D 
cost 
for 
us 
is 
actually 
faster 
monetization of all the products that we have been able to build and continue 
to build. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Just two questions on the large global tender, so the customer, who are we 
sourcing from currently? 
| mean, is it one single supplier, or any perspective 
you can share there? And broadly 
in terms 
of approach, 
post Holland 
Aromatics acquisition. So, 
if 
| just want to understand earlier, we’re trying to 
make a similar approach to PFW a couple of years back and then kind of 
rectify what we are thinking. Just trying to understand how differently are we 
approaching with this acquisition, and then the scale up? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, the first question on the global tender, currently the global company is 
buying from multiple vendors, 
| don’t have the full details but 
| guess that it’s 
four to five vendors on a global basis. And they will add few vendors in the 
discussion. The main thing is that the vendors need to be approved in terms 
of quality systems and process and we are now sort of a qualified vendor to 
be allowed to be bidding. So that’s the first key milestone to get into the 
FMCG global system. 
The second question was in terms of acquisition in the Netherlands. So, we 
had done the PFW acquisition, which was largely in aroma chemical and 
that has helped us to start to build our R&D capabilities, plus the relocation 
of that plant into Mahad. 
Holland Aromatics 
is now 
in the 
Formulation 
Fragrance side. So, we will be catering to the demands in Europe with our 
local manufacturing. So, the intention is to continue to grow that ona EUR 7 
million base together with the CFF and our objective is to reach sort of a top 
line of EUR 100 million in Europe over the years. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Okay. Second question is, when 
| look at ASEAN market for us, other than 
Indonesia, which will be the larger markets what will be the perspective in 
terms of future growth? 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Concall Transcript 
Page 19 of 21

Kedar Vaze: 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Bharat Sheth: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Moderator: 
Bhavya Sonawala: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Keva 
| think South-East Asia market is all the countries 
in ASEAN, they have 
collectively, almost a 400 million population ballpark and we expect it to be 
roughly the 
size 
of 
India 
in terms 
of opportunity. 
So, 
the 
size 
of the 
businesses are large. We are relatively small player, but there 
is a huge 
upside on the total quantum of business that is happening in the South-East 
Asia market or ASEAN market today. 
So, for us, what will be the annual business we will be doing in from ASEAN? 
At the moment, it’s a ballpark $10 million. 
That's including — 
| mean, obviously, including Indonesia. 
That’s right. 
Hi, Kedar, just take one more perspective of this global tender when we are 
bidding, we have bid, so we may be aware that each region may need to put 
up CAPEX and how much CAPE 
X, 
if at all, 
is required. So, what kind of 
ROCE target that are we looking 
if we were in this business? 
| think the ROCE target would be higher than 20%, we will maintain 20% cut- 
off. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Bhavya Sonawala, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
So, my question was, are we seeing any inquiries or are we working with 
any new brands who offer direct to consumer products the new fast growing 
brands? Are we seeing any inquiry or working with any of them? 
Yes, actually we are working with many of them on different products. So, 
it's a normal part of our business growth and engagement. 
| think in the 
recent past, this business side has got higher momentum. There is a good 
amount of business momentum that the D2C has seen as a result of the 
recent IPO and heightened awareness in the investments that are going in 
the D2C brands. 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Concall Transcript 
Page 20 of 21

Bhavya Sonawala: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Moderator: 
Kedar Vaze: 
Moderator: 
-End- 
Keva 
Okay. Thank you so much. Sir, last question is, when we said in recent two, 
three quarters that we had a couple of new wins. So, are these new wins 
coming from a particular part of the business or is 
it scattered across, are 
they small players, are they MNCs, what kind of players are they? 
We've large number of new wins, what we have announced is only win with 
the global MNC last year and that’s the one which has led to the RFP, which 
we are now participating. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. 
| now 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Thank 
you. 
| 
hope 
we 
have 
been 
able 
to answer 
all 
your questions 
satisfactorily. Should you need any more clarifications, know more about the 
company, please feel free to contact our team of CDR. Thank you once 
again for taking the time to join us on this call. 
Thank you. On behalf of S. H. Kelkar and Company Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
  
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Concall Transcript 
Page 21 of 21
