 
 
 
 
L25199WB1976PLC030532
 
 
21st February, 2022 
 
  BSE Limited 
                                                                   National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
               The Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543413 
 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: TEGA 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor Conference Call 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of the Investor Conference Call of 
Tega Industries Limited (‘the Company’) held on 15th February, 2022 at 4:00 PM IST. The same can also be 
accessed on the Company’s website at www.tegaindustries.com. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal 
Chief Financial Officer, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Tega Industries Limited Q3 & 9 Months FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. MEHUL MOHANKA –  
MD & GROUP CEO 
MR. MANOJ KUMAR AGARWAL – CFO 
MR. SYED YAVER IMAM – DIRECTOR, 
GLOBAL PRODUCT GROUP 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NACHIKET KALE – 
ORIENT CAPITAL PVT LTD. 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the maiden earnings 
conference call of Tega Industries Limited organized by Orient Capital. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode. 
There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance getting the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mehul Mohanka, 
Managing Director and Group CEO. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Mehul Mohanka: 
Good afternoon and a warm welcome to all the participants. I am joined 
today on this call by my colleagues Mr. Manoj Agarwal, the CFO of the 
company and Mr. Yaver Imam who is the Director of Global Product 
Group as well as Orient Capital, our investor relations partner. 
It is our maiden earnings call today after the initial public offering. As 
you all know, the company listed on the Indian bourses on the 13th of 
December 2021. I hope by now all of you have had the opportunity to 
go through our financial results and investor presentations which have 
been uploaded on the stock exchanges as well as our company website. 
Before we get to the Q3 performance, I would like to thank everyone for 
supporting the IPO of the company. With your support and trust, the IPO 
was oversubscribed by almost 219 times. Since this is the first call, there 
are some of you with whom we will be interacting for the first time and 
hence I would like to take this opportunity to quickly give you a brief 
description about the company. 
Tega commenced operations in 1978 in India with a foreign 
collaboration with Skega of Sweden with an objective of providing 
unique products and services for handling complex problems in material 
handling and mineral processing. We are the leading manufacturer and 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
distributor of specialized critical-to-operate and recurring consumable 
products catering to global mineral beneficiation, mining, and bulk 
solids handling industries. We are the second largest producer of 
polymer-based mill linings as well as one of the largest players 
providing hybrid liners across semi-autogenous and ball mills. We have 
close to 55 products in our portfolio spread across multiple geographies 
globally. Today we operate 6 manufacturing plants across the world with 
three in India and three in overseas locations. And we have 
approximately 513 installations at different mine sites across the world 
and as of financial year March 2021 in about 17 countries with 18 global 
and 14 domestic sales offices across the world, and almost 85% of our 
revenues is generated outside of the country. 
From the macro industry data, mineral processing industry is set to grow 
at a CAGR of 6.3% between 2020 and 2030. Infrastructure growth, shift 
to EVs, RE electronics, volatility hedge, etc., are key demand drivers for 
relevant metals. Declining ore grade enhancing demand for 
beneficiation products, decreasing ore grades requires a higher 
throughput which has led to greater demand for larger-sized equipment 
as well as high consumption of consumables. This is supported by the 
fact that our business is immune from CapEx cycles and it caters to 
aftermarket spend for customers which has recurring revenue in nature. 
So, all our products tend to be an operational expense for our clients. We 
drive continuous design innovation in all our products. As you all know, 
we launched the DynaPrime range of our products in 2018. It's a 
composite liner which is first of its kind in the entire world, and this has 
helped us unlock new addressable markets for our company, which 
includes larger-size mills which offers greater productivity gains and 
cost savings for our customers as well as almost a 50% increase in life 
compared to traditional steel linings. We have also embarked on 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
inorganic strategy in the past. We have successfully integrated more than 
3 acquisitions across the world. 
Some of the key growth drivers for us would be the demand for iron ore, 
copper and other metals and minerals which will drive the growth for 
mineral processing equipment industry in time to come. We all know 
about the electric vehicle manufacturing which will be top demand 
drivers for copper, aluminum, and other metals. EV as we know is now 
something which is synonymous with not only automobiles but it is the 
future of our country. Global gold and copper concentrate production 
industry is likely to grow at a CAGR of 4.3% and 3.7% respectively 
between 2020 and 2030. Gold and copper mill sites require superior 
quality of consumables and have high beneficiation requirements. 
Owing to ore grade depletion, miners are required to process more ore 
to get the desired throughput which will boost the demand for mineral 
processing equipment. Strong market position and entry barriers have 
helped us maintain high margins over time with revenues from 
operations growing at about 12.74% CAGR during FY19-21. Reported 
operating EBITDA margin was at 23.7% in FY21. We have successfully 
maintained these operating efficiency levels while completing and 
integrating acquisitions, JVs, and strategic alliances including our 
acquisitions in South Africa, Australia, and Chile. In several cases, our 
relationships with key customers span for more than a decade and it's a 
testimony to our business excellence. Our order book stands at about Rs. 
278.1 crores as of December 31, 2021. 
Our strategy going forward is to increase our penetration and market 
share in North & South America, Australia, and South Africa. To grow 
our market share and share of customers' wallet with improving market 
penetration and cross selling opportunities in high-quality products and 
solutions which have recurring demand and will lead to high repeat and 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
revenues. We will continue to leverage our in-house R&D capabilities 
to grow our product offerings and capitalize on future trends. Our in-
house R&D team focuses on upgrading our existing products and 
developing product variants on a continuous basis. We're going to 
continue to expand our manufacturing capabilities with planned 
expansions in our facilities in Dahej and in the Kolkata plant. We also 
are going to be setting up a new manufacturing facility in Chile for 
which, as you know, the board has already given us an in-principle 
approval. We would also continue to enhance our operational 
efficiencies and increase economies of scale to strengthen our 
competitive position globally. 
With that, I would now like to hand over to Mr. Manoj Agarwal, our 
CFO, to take you through the financial performance of the company for 
Q3 and 9 months under review. 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
A very good evening to all the participants. I hope all of you and 
your families are in good health. I will share the highlights of our 
performance for the quarter ending 31st December 2021 and following 
which we will be happy to respond to your queries. 
Quarter-to-quarter net revenue from operations is Rs. 257 crores for the 
quarter ending December 31st 2021 against Rs. 214 crores previous year 
same period delivering a growth of 20%. Operating EBITDA stood at 
Rs. 51 crores in quarter 3 FY22 as against Rs. 47 crores in quarter 3 
FY21, a jump of 8%. Operating EBITDA margin stood at 20% as against 
22% same period last year. The major impact on EBITDA for the quarter 
ending 31st December 2021 is due to higher input cost which we need 
to transfer to the customer which will take another quarter to pass it on. 
This is also impacted because of abnormally increased logistic cost 
which will again take some quarters to pass it on. Profit after tax 
increased to Rs. 33.5 crores for quarter 3 FY22 as against Rs. 31.5 crores 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
in quarter 3 FY21. It is to be noted that non-operating income has gone 
down from Rs. 14 crores in December 2020 quarter to Rs. 4 crores in 
December 2021 quarter. 
Now we may open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question & answer session. 
We will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first 
question is from Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
The first question is pertaining to the revenue growth. If you can provide 
some more color as to how the liner business has grown versus the non-
mill lining business, and within mill lining, how has the DynaPrime 
product range progressed in terms of growth? And also, broadly, with 
this 20% growth, if you can briefly break it up into how much would be 
realization increase driven or rather how much realization increase you 
would require to pass through the cost increases that you just mentioned 
and what has already been taken? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
If I just try to break up the revenue, on a 20% growth, what we 
see is about 10% is coming from the price and 10% coming from the 
volume. On the mill liner side, the overall growth is about 20% wherein 
the DynaPrime has grown at a rate of about 16% and the mill liner 
without DynaPrime has grown about close to 30%. On the non-mill 
liner, as of now, the growth is virtually flat. It's about 1%. And overall 
growth is about 20% for the quarter December 2021. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
DynaPrime, the growth rate has come up to 16%. If you could highlight 
what could be the major reasons for that? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
The growth has come mainly from the India side where we have 
got some new orders from the North America region and we are also 
able to expand ourselves in the western Africa region. Those 2 areas are 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
giving the kind of upswing in the DynaPrime segment and that is coming 
with the fact that we have been doing the trial in many other sites and 
those trials are getting converted into commercial orders. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
On the non-mill lining side, you mentioned it is flat. Overall, if you 
could help us understand the math because you mentioned mill lining 
has grown 20%, overall revenue just 20%. So, non-mill lining revenues 
should not be ideally so low for the average to be 20%, right? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
What I said basically in the mill liner, DynaPrime has grown to 
about 16%. The mill liner without DynaPrime has grown to about 25% 
which gives me about 25% overall growth and then the non-mill is 
coming about 1% and if I take the project in the non-mill liner because 
as you know that we also have the project under the non-mill business 
which are not recurring in nature unless the project got commissioned. 
So, if I add the non-mill liner including project, the degrowth will be 
about close to -6% to -7%. And if I remove the project business from the 
non-mill liner, it is about flat. And mill liner has grown substantially 
about 25 plus percent taking DynaPrime and mill both together. Maybe 
I can share the breakup separately to you. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Second part of the question was on what kind of cost pass-throughs are 
you expecting over the next 2 quarters for both raw material and logistics 
so that you are able to maintain the earlier level of margins around 20% 
to 25%. 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
We are looking at 2 parts here. One is raw material. We are 
confident that the raw material gap which is about 2.5% we will be able 
to pass it on. As far as logistics is concerned, which we know that it is 
abnormally high, it's more of that we will be able to pass through some 
bit of it in the coming quarters but not all the logistics cost. So, maybe 
one part is that how much we can pass it to the customers and how much 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
the cost gets normalized in the coming quarters. But basis the current 
situation what we see is that logistics cost will take another 2 to 3 
quarters to come to a lower trajectory. There is a challenge to pass on 
the entire gap of logistics cost to the customer, and if the logistics cost 
doesn't come to downtrend, that gap may be there for that period. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Last question on DynaPrime per se. Currently if you could give some 
trajectory as to at how many sites the trials are on currently and based 
on whatever your expectation is on the conversion rate, what is the 
average revenue per site can you grow to, and what should be the total 
growth in DynaPrime over the next 2 to 3 years? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
Sandeep, actually it is very difficult to give some kind of 
forecasting in this call basically. So, we can't talk about that forecasting 
per se but what we can say is that trials are running on in various sites 
globally and that will take up the growth trajectory as far as DynaPrime 
is concerned. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Poddar from HDFC Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
Congratulations on a good quarter. Sir, is it possible to give the revenue 
split for DynaPrime, what percentage of revenue is coming from 
DynaPrime? Or any absolute number if you can throw? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
It is about 19% of the total revenue. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
And you would expect that this 19% should grow faster so that 
percentage will increase going forward in the next 2 to 3 years? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
I just said that we are expecting our growth trajectory from 
DynaPrime obviously going forward. So, DynaPrime will take the 
growth forward for the company. 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Abhishek Poddar: 
The raw material gap of 2.5%, this is the commodity price inflation that 
you have not been able to pass on to the customers is what you are 
referring to? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
Yes, generally we tend to target about 60% raw material margin 
in our business. What we are finding is that there is still a gap of about 
2.5% to 3% and we believe that it will take another 2 quarters to pass it 
on as I said to an earlier query. So, raw material cost we will be able to 
pass it on. It may take 1 or 2 more quarters but there is a challenge in 
logistics cost as of now. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
In the Other Expenses, is there any FOREX loss in this quarter? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
Not as such. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
So, trying to understand that how the FOREX has impacted your last 
year's margin and this year's margin. 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
This year, more or less, the FOREX impact is not there, which 
was there last year. On the plus/minus side, it is more of getting nullified 
in terms of impact on the P&L account. If I talk about the number, the 
P&L account is coming close to hardly about net-net Rs. 13 lakhs. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
For this quarter? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
For 9 months. For this quarter, it is about Rs. 78 lakhs. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
Any comments on the demand outlook in the overseas market from the 
mining industry? 
Syed Yaver Imam: As far as the mining industry is concerned, in the last 10 months, copper 
production has increased somewhere around by 4.1%. Gold's latest 
figures are up to H1 of last year. There also, the growth has been 9%. 
As far as copper and gold are concerned and as far as the production is 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
concerned, it is more or less following the projections that were given 
earlier as far as the growth is concerned. The demand both from gold as 
well as copper is on the rise. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharti Sawant from Mirae Asset. 
Please go ahead. 
Bharti Sawant: 
What I wanted to understand is you mentioned that the overall growth 
in revenues of the 20%, 10% is driven by pricing. So, what kind of RM 
inflation are we seeing and is there a trend that the RM prices are kind 
of moderating and we should see an improvement in the margins going 
forward just on account of RM? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
On the RM side, what we are seeing for the last 2-3 months is 
that it is flattening down. We are not seeing any upswing which was 
there in the quarter 3. This is a good news for us in terms of not going 
to increase every time to the customers. From here, if it goes on a 
northward trajectory, then obviously it may have some impact but as we 
said that when talking about pass-through, pass-through works both the 
sides. We can't talk about pass-through on the upward trend and not the 
downward trend. And if the prices go down again drastically, again we 
need to pass it on to the customers also. The ultimate objective of ours 
is to stay at least at 60% RM margin and plus or minus 1% to 2%. 
Bharti Sawant: 
So, the key increase in the raw material cost could it have been more 
like 14% to 15%? Because despite of taking a 10% price hike, we are 
not able to pass on the RM cost. So, would it be that steep? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
Yes, it is that sharp, even more than that also. 
Bharti Sawant: 
Also, in terms of this 10% pricing, can you just explain us what would 
be the role of product mix change which will ride the realizations? 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
One is the price as well as the product mix. Basically, product 
mix got normalized in quarter 3 and quarter 4, may not be quarter 1 or 
quarter 2. Again, price depends on the local landscape of the 
competition, customer acceptance. There are a lot of levers to decide on 
the price part, though it is a critical sphere. But again, it is being based 
on the geography to geography and customer to customer. 
Bharti Sawant: 
Also, dwelling more on the expense front, we have seen a significant 
increase in the first 9 months. We have seen a significant increase in the 
employee cost as well as your Other Expenses unlike in the past 3 years 
wherein both these costs were quite benign. Would you like to throw 
some light as to where should these numbers stabilize, and given that we 
are targeting growth of closer to 14 % to 15% CAGR, can we expect a 
similar growth in the employee cost or should it remain benign? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
It will remain benign now because as we told earlier also that in 
our business we have to build up our team a year and two in advance. 
Last year also because of COVID period, the intent was to preserve cash 
and not to spend money. So, we have not done hiring per se last year. 
Most of the hiring has happened in this year itself so that we can take 
the growth from the next couple of years. What we believe is that 
whatever trajectory is going in today's employee cost, that will not be in 
the same proportion going forward. It will be kind of benign going 
forward as far as the employee cost is concerned. 
Bharti Sawant: 
Also, in terms of Other Expenses? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
Other expenses as I said because there are 3-4 main items there 
like I said logistic costs which is about Rs. 20 crores on 9 months to 9 
months which is something very abnormal and then we had some repair 
and maintenance which we have stopped last year, again because of 
COVID and cost preservation which comes to about Rs. 5 crores and 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
about logistic Rs. 20 crores and traveling also has been started which 
was absolutely not there the previous year. So, that impact also is 
coming. So, taking 4-5 bigger items, it's coming to that differences 
basically and then the other volume and price growths are there in the 
Other Expenses. 
Bharti Sawant: 
Last question from my side on the non-mill lining products. Given that 
earlier we have highlighted that our strategy is to increase the wallet 
share by increasing the products that we are supplying it to our mining 
customers, but given the way non-mill lining products have been 
performing like flattish number for the current quarter – I don't know 
what that number is for the 9 months. What strategy are we adopting to 
push more sales or to increase the contribution from the mill lining 
products if you can just highlight that? 
Syed Yaver Imam: The issue which we had discussed earlier also was on the increase the 
wallet share on acquired customers. What we are looking in the short-
term strategy which will be effective for the next 2 to 3 years is that 
DynaPrime the large customers that we are acquiring now, once we 
stabilize the customers from going through the trials and making them 
on board with regular supplies, thereafter we are looking at expanding 
their product portfolio with the non-mill products and this is already in 
operation in Chile where we will look at the non-mill growth. We will 
find good growth over there. Going forward, once we acquire the larger 
customers in rest of the world, this will happen. It's a question of 1 or 2 
years lag with the acquisition of customers for DynaPrime where the 
following will be the rest of the products to gain market share and wallet 
share there. 
Bharti Sawant: 
Also, while acquiring customers for DynaPrime, what strategy do we 
adopt? Is it more led by pricing or do we still earn margins during the 
trial period? 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Syed Yaver Imam: We earn margin on trial. Even in the trial period orders with the 
DynaPrime, we are close to somewhere around gross margin of 55% to 
58%. It is not too far off. The basic idea is that we are changing from 
steel liner. We go in with the value proposition and look at it. So, the 
changes which will come in once we go into a full application at site, we 
will bring it back to around 60% gross margin. That is the range in which 
we are playing with DynaPrime as far as the product lines are concerned. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Ashlesha, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashlesha: 
Congratulations on getting listed. I went through your presentation 
which helped me get an idea of your business model and I appreciate the 
company's rich legacy. I have 2 questions. First, what is the expected 
timeline on expansion in Chile? My second question is, what services 
do we provide in life cycle management? 
Mehul Mohanka: 
The timeline for the plant to be set up in Chile is within 24 months. The 
internal estimate is to try and aim for 18 months, but the attempt is to do 
it within 24 months. When we talk about life cycle management, it is to 
do with providing services to the customers which include monitoring 
the performance of the product using laser scanning technology, 
providing constant performance reports to customers, aiding in 
installation of our products, and also providing customers with 
opportunities to save on downtime of the equipment by improving the 
speed with which the products are installed. Those are part of our life 
cycle management services. 
Moderator: 
We will move to our next question which is from the line of Abhishek 
Jain from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Abhishek Jain: 
First, the DynaPrime, if you can explain in detail how big can be the 
opportunity there right now and what is our product differentiation? 
Second, as an earlier participant has discussed, what can be the margins 
we should take for the next 2-3 years down the line from the take 
margin? Third, if you can throw light on the Chile business right now; 
after the new capacity, what kind of revenues we are looking at? 
Syed Yaver Imam: As far as the DynaPrime opportunity is concerned, it is close to around 
$900 million, and globally when we are looking at this, the growth in 
the DynaPrime will come from this $900 million section. 
The margin which is there, as I have said before also, it is more or less 
the same gross margin we are looking at and our aim is to be at 60% 
gross margin as far as DynaPrime is concerned also. 
The Chile project that is being set up, as of now, we are running close to 
capacity in Chile for the next year. The idea is that the growth 
opportunity that has been put in and the trials that are working in Chile 
now, which will get into operational and commercial business; by that 
time, we should get the plant up and ready. The plant that we are looking 
at, we will be doubling our capacity in Chile and that is what we plan to 
see to get the growth from there. 
Abhishek Jain: 
What is our current capacity in Chile right now? How much revenue we 
are doing in Chile at this point of time, sir? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
Current capacity I will break in 2 parts. On DynaPrime side, we 
are close to about $30 million and this product accounts to $10 million. 
So, as of today, we can go up to $40 million in full scale. 
Abhishek Jain: 
After this expansion, we will be reaching around $80 million? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
Yes, close to that. 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Arora: 
Is it possible to share the 9 months' growth number of DynaPrime? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
I think what I shared earlier, it is 9 months' growth only, about 
16%. 
Nitin Arora: 
What then in this quarter the DynaPrime growth is? What is the growth 
in Q3? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
Q3 growth number I don't have. I will come back to you 
separately on that. 
Nitin Arora: 
The question is, sir, it's very contradictory statement from 2 angles. One, 
you are saying the demand is very good and at the time of the IPO also, 
you said DynaPrime is going to grow much ahead of the company's 
growth. The question I want to understand is, if the 9 months' figure is 
16% and I am assuming the inflation should be about 10%, it is a very 
low single digit growth its sum up in the 9 months assuming we don't 
have the numbers for Q3. What has led to this low growth? number 1) 
the demand is so strong and you are trying to penetrate in decline, is it…. 
Syed Yaver Imam: Right from the beginning, even in the road show which we were there, 
we have been saying that to look at our figures on a year-on-year basis. 
And if you remember, I told you most of the large mining corporations 
have their year on year on the calendar year. So, for us, especially for 
DynaPrime and all would be big months in the next quarter. Overall, 
when you look at it, we have to look at what is the growth in the order 
booking and then at the same time the pending order as well as what will 
happen in the next quarter. So, relevance of year-to-year growth would 
be more appropriate than to look at quarter to quarter or 3 quarters 
because DynaPrime mainly and the larger mills with life of 6 months 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
and 12 months are in that period where it will be on the 4th quarter for 
us or 1st quarter of the calendar year. When we look at that, I think that 
is the period we should look at it on the year-to-year growth. What will 
happen at the end of the quarter, I think, the figures would be more 
relevant to see. 
Nitin Arora: 
First of all, I asked for a number which you only gave me, which is 16% 
growth. I never compared quarter on quarter. It is a good thing you told 
me Q4 is more of a heavy quarter. So, if Q4 and you have a strong order 
backlog let us say for the DynaPrime, is it safe to assume a 40% growth 
what you stated at the time of the IPO 35% to 40% growth for the 
DynaPrime this year? 
Syed Yaver Imam: At the time of the IPO also, we were looking at 25% to 28% growth as 
far as DynaPrime is concerned, and from whatever the situation is today, 
we are on track on that. 
Nitin Arora: 
With respect to the cost arbitrage, you are already saying that 10% kind 
of a cost increase and we have passed on to the customers. In the non 
DynaPrime line business, if you can throw some light with respect to the 
pressure? Is there some pressure on the market share because if you go 
beyond a certain price point, the local player gets a little edge? Let us 
say not an edge, let us say cost is increasing for everyone, but if someone 
wants to get higher market share, they can actually do it because of the 
supply chain. How are you tackling that? In the DynaPrime, the cost 
arbitrage between the steel liner and the DynaPrime has widened a lot 
in this commodity scenario? 
Syed Yaver Imam: Steel prices have been going up also. It is not that the price of DynaPrime 
is going up. But there are 2 parts of this when you are looking at it. When 
we look at passing onto the pricing, we are talking about 75% of our 
spare business where we are passing on the price. The new business is a 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
combination of what the customer is spending, what the competitive 
situation is, how we are getting the thing, those are the questions. When 
we look at most of the DynaPrime where we have the growth coming at 
35% to 40% on that, then we look at the balance 75% where the price 
increases are being passed on to the customer. Where the steel is 
concerned, yes, steel prices have gone up and the margins we will look 
at growing according to what the steel prices are going up is about 60% 
margin. The problem which you have rightly pointed out is the question 
in the non-DynaPrime mills, especially where the logistic costs become 
so high that the local supplier would become…. For us, this is the 
challenge only in 2 territories because we have already covered Latin 
America, Africa, Australia, and India through this thing. The main 
geography which would be getting challenging would be USA and 
Canada. USA and Canada, the margins on the existing business are such 
that we have to make a call on where to pass on what portion of this 
thing to pass on to the customer. We are taking a call that the logistic 
cost somewhere in the near future would normalize. In some of the 
cases, we take a call to hold the customer and the logistic cost then gets 
passed on to a certain percentage, maybe not fully. Those are the calls 
which we take and which we do it overall to see that our margin on the 
gross level does not get affected. And as of today, the major challenge 
would be only in these 2 territories because the local manufacturers in 
other places mitigate that problem. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chinmaya Garg from Dron Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Chinmaya Garg: 
I just wanted to know since the company is newly listed and we do not 
have a lot of history of numbers, is there some seasonality in business? 
You mentioned that Q4 would be big for DynaPrime but for the rest of 
the business? 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Syed Yaver Imam: For us, the 2nd half usually becomes…. I think we have to look at the 
global mining companies and their shutdown schedules. Most of them 
are on a calendar year. The 2nd half of the calendar year, they are on a 
full production run, would normally not try to have any shutdown 
periods over there. So, for us, the 3rd quarter and 4th quarter where we 
get the order and start the shipping to meet schedules in the last quarter 
of ours and the 1st quarter of theirs. This is what the schedule is. So, for 
us, the 3rd and 4th quarters become heavy not only in DynaPrime but in 
most of the mill liner business because the customers are timing their 
shutdowns to half where they are not ramping up production. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anurag Patil from Roha Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Anurag Patil: 
Sir, for Dahej and Samali plant expansion, how much will we be 
spending? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
Samali plant is a very old plant per se but Dahej is the latest one 
and we have spent about close to 140 crores for Dahej plant. 
Anurag Patil: 
That expansion is complete as of now, right? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
The initial project was run in 2013. That was the initial cost. And 
expansion we will be doing from next year onwards. That expansion will 
be close to about 9 to 10 million taking Dahej and Samali together. 
Anurag Patil: 
Sir, out of our total revenue, what percentage constitutes the long term 
contract related revenue and the spot revenue? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
25% to 30% is long-term contract, generally. 
Anurag Patil: 
And the rest is on the spot basis? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
Yes, we used to get recurring orders from the customers. 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mithun Aswath from Kivah 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Mithun Aswath: 
Just wanted to understand in terms of your order book, how has the order 
book grown when you mention that visibility is reasonably good. Just 
wanted to get a sense of how that has moved up. 
Syed Yaver Imam: Order book in this period has grown around 24%. 
Mithun Aswath: 
Typically, how many months of business would you have the order book 
or is it a short cycle sort of….?  
Syed Yaver Imam: Usually if you look at the pending orders that we have, always there is 
an order booking for the next 3 months. We usually are looking at order 
booking which is…. because with our shipment and other schedules, this 
is the cycle that we have. We look at the order booking for a quarter. 
Mithun Aswath: 
So, every quarter, you are able to reprice your products, typically? 
Syed Yaver Imam: It's not quarter-wise. It's an ongoing process. What happens is, 
throughout the year as and when the orders are getting negotiated, we 
look at what the prices have been and what is passed on. So, when we 
talk about pass-through, usually 1 or 2 quarters it takes to pass on 
everything. So, whatever is coming up in receding during 1 quarter, we 
continue to pass it on. 
Mithun Aswath: 
I just wanted to get a sense because I think in your presentation, there is 
about 270 or 280 crores of orders pending. Also, your margins have 
fluctuated throughout this year and there has been some improvement 
quarter on quarter. Do you see the trend of improvement in the margins 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis sustainable or this would again depend on, 
like you mentioned, how the raw material fluctuation would go? 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: 
Yes, you are right. It depends on the raw material fluctuations. 
As I said that now it has got flattened, if we find that there is no upward 
movement going forward, then we can reach to our 60% in RMC margin 
in a quarter or 2 quarters going forward. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was our last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing remarks. Over to you, 
team. 
Mehul Mohanka: 
I would like to thank everyone for joining this call and I hope we have 
been able to respond to your queries adequately. For those that we are 
to come back with additional information, we will do so shortly. For any 
further information, I would request you all to get in touch with Orient 
Capital who are our investor relations advisors. Once again, thank you 
for participating in this call and we hope to see you again in the next 
quarter's earnings call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Kale, would you like to add any closing comments from your end? 
Nachiket Kale: 
Thanks everybody for participating in the maiden con-call of Tega 
Industries. We look forward to a continuous engagement with markets 
and all the participants and we will be more than happy to clarify any 
further doubts and queries which you would have. Our contact numbers 
and email ID are also present on the company's presentation. Thank you 
once again. Stay safe. Have a nice day everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thanks very much members of the management and Mr. Kale. On behalf 
of Tega Industries Limited and Orient Capital, that concludes today's 
conference call. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect the lines. 
