0 
'f ct.RTJp10 
f...'< 
..,,.,. 
~ 
'6 
\~~~) 
ISO 9001 
INDIA GLYCOLS LIMITED 
ISO 14001 ; ISO 45001 ; 
ISO 50001 
Plot No. 2-B, Sector -126, NOIDA-201304, Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar, Uttar Pradesh, Tel. : +91 120 6860000, 3 090100, 3090200 
Fax : +91 120 3090111 , 3090211 E-mail : iglho@indiaglycols.com, Website : www.indiaglycols.com 
21st February, 2022 
The Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500201 
Dear Sirs, 
The Manager (Listing) 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 , Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: INDIAGLYCO 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 -Transcript of Q3FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call 
Further to our letters dated 11th and 15th February, 2022 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call for Q3FY22 held on Tuesday, l 51h February, 2022 is attached. 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
www.indiaglycols.com. 
This is for your information and records please. 
Thanking you, 
Yours uly, 
For I d a Glycols Limited 
Ankuh ai 
Head (Lego ) & Company Secretary 
c}J/ 
Encl: A/a 
Corporate Office : 3A, Shakespeare Sarani, Kolkata - 700071, Phone : +91 33 22823585, 22823586 
Works & Registered Office : A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road, Kashipur - 244713, Distt. Udham Singh Nagar (Uttarakhand) 
Phone : +91 5947 269000 I 269500 Fax : +91 5947 275315, 269535 
CIN : L24111UR1983PLC009097 

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
“India Glycols Limited  
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. ROHIT SINHA – SUNIDHI SECURITIES 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RUPARK SARSWAT – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
MR. ANAND SINGHAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. SANJEEV GURWARA – PRESIDENT MARKETING  
MR. SK SHUKLA – HEAD - LIQUOR BUSINESS  
PROF DR. R K KHANDAL – PRESIDENT, R&D AND 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT  
MR. ANKUR JAIN – HEAD (LEGAL) AND COMPANY 
SECRETARY  

 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and a very warm welcome to the India Glycols Limited 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Sunidhi Security and Finance Limited. 
Please note that this conference call may contain certain forward-looking statements about 
the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as 
on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and 
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi Securities. Thank you, and over to you Rohit! 
Rohit Sinha: 
Thank you, good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us on Q3 FY2022 earnings call 
of India Glycols Limited. I would like to thank the management of India Glycols Limited 
for giving us this opportunity to host the call. 
 
From the management side we have with us Mr. Rupark Sarswat - Chief Executive Officer 
of the company along with him, we have, Mr. Anand Singhal - Chief Financial Officer, Mr. 
Sanjeev Gurwara – President of Marketing, Mr. SK Shukla – Head of Liquor Business, 
Prof. Dr. R.K. Khandal - President, R&D and Business Development, and Mr. Ankur Jain – 
Head (Legal) and Company Secretary. Without any further delay, I would like to handover 
the call to Rupark Sir for his opening remark, post which we will open the floor for Q&A. 
Over to you Sir! 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Thank you Rohit. Thank you for welcoming us and also for the introduction for myself and 
the team and I hope all is well and everybody who is attending this call and it was good that 
you reminded that there is uncertainty and you can never predict the future, never better 
than this time to remind up for very, very uncertain times and in summary I believe IGL has 
navigated based on certain times reasonably well and I will try and present to you or talk to 
you about summary of how our performance has been so far. 
 
Very briefly, I will talk a little bit about the performance highlights and then very important 
factor which is feedstock trend, and of course my colleague will also throw some light on 
financials and other things. 
 
If you look at the performance for the quarter and I have introduced two slides here and the 
reason for that is we have also formed a joint venture in between, so a session of the 
business has moved to the joint venture and when we talk about reported results obviously 

 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 22 
the joint venture sales and profit numbers are there for the entire quarter of last year but not 
there for this quarter of the current year. 
 
In overall terms, you have seen a gross turnover of 1760 Crores up 4%, a net turnover of 
794 Crores down 11%, EBITDA of 62 Crores, reported results down 36%, EBITDA 
margins of 7.7% and PAT of 24 Crores. So, you know very well that in our case the gross 
turnover is significantly higher because we have portable spirits as one of our segments 
where the excise is very high, I think of the order of 600% to 700% and that is what results 
in a significantly higher gross turnover number compared to the net turnover. 
 
So, if you look at this the key things to point out here is that we had the EOD business 
which went into the joint venture with Clariant last year for the same quarter, but it is not 
there in this quarter. In addition, we had a long shutdown which was about 16 days in 
December including catalyst changeover so that had some impact and as I will talk about a 
little bit more, we have had unprecedented escalations in feedstock and energy costs which 
we think will eventually not remain that high but all in all given these factors, I would say 
that we have continued to maintain the growth momentum despite the factors that I talked 
about. 
 
Let me also talk about the same performance in terms of continued businesses. When, I say 
continued businesses you understand, we have taken away the EOD numbers from both 
sides of the equation and this means gross turnover of 7% not going into reading out the 
numbers, net turnover of 12%, EBITDA down somewhat by 11%, EBITDA margin 
obviously the same and PAT up by 34% on a competitive basis. 
 
So, when we talk about continued businesses obviously the joint venture businesses have 
been excluded from the comparison but the EO sales to the joint venture obviously feature 
now as ideal sale though it does not feature much in terms of the profit and the same factors 
we have had the shutdown in December and we have had unprecedented increases in 
feedstock and energy costs and given that I may say that it is an excellent performance for 
the continued business given the circumstances that we have operated in and some of the 
headwinds that we had. 
 
If you look at the nine-month overview, I have given it there in terms of reported results 
you will see a turnover which is up by 21% nine months. EBITDA which is down 11%, 
EBITDA margins of 8.77% and PAT which is up also because of the slump sales up quite 
significantly at 273 Crores. So for the nine months again you will see that we believe that 
this is a resilient performance for the first nine months on the back of a good bounce back 
and I will talk about it a little more in the BSPC or the Bio-based Specialities and 
Performance Chemicals business and also good growth in portable spirits, despite the 

 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 22 
shutdown and the escalation in feedstock and energy prices, margins have been under 
significant pressure but I think with these factors you would agree with me that this has 
been a resilient performance. 
 
If I look at the same numbers on the basis that I spoke to you about earlier which is 
continued businesses, it is gross turnover of 34%, net turnover of 42% which is contributed 
by a few factors, one of them of course is very good performance in bio-based specialties 
and performance chemicals and portable spirits but also some EO sale to the joint venture 
which is included in the net turnover. EBITDA has not risen by numbers as good as the net 
turnover and I think the main reason for that as I mentioned is headwinds which have put 
substantial pressure on margin. Nevertheless, we have had an overall margin of 8.63% 
which is kind of in line with the margins that the businesses had and a profit of 263 Crores 
up quite significantly. So, that is the overall summary for the business. I can also give you a 
few quick highlights of the business which are also there in the presentation. 
 
I talked about the shutdown, so I will not repeat but this bring some pressure on the 
business for the big plant being down for about 16 days, I will talk in a bit about feedstock 
and energy prices. To update you that we are making good progress on the two bio ethanol 
projects which are in progress in Kashipur and Gorakhpur and we expect them to be 
commissioned by April and June in the coming years respectively. 
 
We have also made a small beginning as we talked about earlier in expanding our portfolio 
of BSPC which is Bio Based Specialties and Performance Chemicals with some stem that 
we are doing in modifying some of our plants to make specialty a main, so that is the kind 
of a beginning which we can talk to you about and we are also investing more in upgrading 
one of our existing R&D buildings and putting in more equipment and infrastructure and 
are also in the process of getting a few more people in R&D, so the thing to highlight about 
is the bounce back in Bio-based Specialities and Performance Chemicals in particular and 
good growth in portable spirits. 
 
I thought I will spend a little bit of time on talking about something which has been very, 
very important in terms of how we look at the business which is based on bio-based ethanol 
or bio-based ingredients, some of which I talked about last time, so, I will not delve into 
great detail because I spoke about it last time, there are a number of factors which have 
been affecting these businesses and to some extent have caused some headwind and I think 
it is important for you to understand, for you to draw your own conclusions in terms of how 
the business looks going forward and when I talk about margin compression and hopefully 
looking at the improvement in margins in the coming years, so you all know about the 
global energy crisis which was triggered by several factors, the coal shortage in India, the 
significant issues that we have been having globally in terms of sustainability and green 

 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 22 
transition, what is happening to commodity prices, I will talk about the impacts of climate 
changes and therefore the impact on crops and so on and the demand surge post COVID. To 
give you a picture of trends on as to how it has kind of affected our business, I have just 
taken some important commodities which in fact our business significantly, so, you see that 
when it comes to commodities like steel, coal, ethanol and acetic acid, so there has been a 
very sharp increase in feedstock cost which has rallied from something like 40% to a high 
of 70% to 80%. I have deliberately not put precise numbers there because the biggest thing 
is to talk about trend, not about the precise numbers and you see that your business, ideal 
given these kinds of increases that is why I said it has been a resilient performance.  
 
I will talk a little bit about what happened in the bioethanol space, so what you saw in terms 
of the bioethanol space is that there has been a very sharp escalation in prices driven by 
bioethanol produced in the US where prices went up from something like $1.4 gallons to 
$3.2 gallons in November 2021, they have softened the bit. We did not necessarily see the 
spot price increases because of our planning and contracts but there was a sharp impact. The 
other things that you see on the left-hand chart, molasses based ethanol that was produced 
in India has also seen an increase in prices to some extent coupled with what is happening 
to global ethanol prices and one of the important factors which has led to the global ethanol 
prices being high is the increase in corn prices which are shown on the right hand side. 
 
Let me talk a little bit about the bioethanol scenario apart from of course the numbers I am 
sure some of you may be interested in listening to this. So, some of these data is a little 
dated, it is 2019 but I think the broader picture remains the same, so in terms of bioethanol 
consumption you see that the US is the largest producer and consumer of bioethanol and 
more than 95% of the ethanol which is produced in the US is corn based and you see that 
US and Brazil put together produce something like 84% of global ethanol. Brazil of course 
produces most of its global ethanol based on sugarcane and one very, very important factor 
is that in terms of the global trade that happens, 70% of the global trade which happens in 
the world in terms of exports is entirely from the US, so which means that predominantly 
what happens to ethanol prices is determined by what is happening in the US as of now and 
51% of the exports from the US are actually to three main countries Canada, Brazil and 
India, India being the third one in that order. 
 
What has been happening in the bioethanol space is a number of factors increasingly the 
way ethanol is going into crude and blending, there is a coupling of ethanol which is 
happening to crude which was not the case earlier, it is also closely linked to, for example, 
what is happening to corn, what is happening to soya, the reason being that the American 
farmers or farmers elsewhere very easily switch over between corn and soy actually they 
are complementing crops, what happens to palm oil, for example, so this is the palm oil 
shortage that impacts soya and therefore corn, climate has meant what happens to the crops, 

 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 22 
various countries are implementing blending programs and so on, so what in general we 
have seen softening of ethanol prices from the peak but they are still kind of holding strong 
and we expect that there will be some support to these firm prices for in the near future. 
 
You all know about it, there has been fears about Ukraine invasion, you would say how 
does it impact ethanol, the reason it impacts, its knowledge that Ukraine is one of the largest 
exporters of wheat and corn particularly to China, so people start expecting that therefore 
impact corn prices which therefore impact ethanol prices. Rising crude prices is a double-
edged sword for us on one hand as crude prices go up our bio-based products become more 
viable but at the same time ethanol to some extent is getting plugged. 
 
There has been an increased demand for renewable biodiesel which means which comes 
from say soybean, so people have started to plant a little bit more soybean and therefore a 
little less corn, therefore impacting ethanol prices and recently I heard a couple of days back 
that Indonesia has put some restrictions on export of palm oil. What also happened as you 
know because of the disruptions caused by COVID, the input costs for farmers have been 
higher in LATAM and elsewhere availability of actives which has also impacted the 
position which people are taking on the harvest and the more and more countries are 
implementing blending programs, India targeting 20% blending in a couple of years of time, 
longer term, however, I have spoken about this earlier, ethanol will move on from food 
based products to cellulose based products to marine algae-based products to 3G ethanol to 
4G ethanol and depends on what is happening in the space to electrical vehicles, green 
hydrogen, renewables program and various technology developments. 
 
The reason for showing this slide to you was that I made some comments on what has put 
the headwinds on margin and I thought I will explain it to you in slightly greater detail than 
to just say that prices will go up and therefore our margins are down and on what basis will 
I say that over a period of time they will recover, so if you look at these factors some of 
them are not going to stay here forever, there are balancing factors amongst these itself and 
therefore we believe that our business is a strong business despite the anticipation that we 
have that there will be some firmness supported in the near term, longer term I think we will 
continue to find opportunities to add value to our business. 
 
Now, I have kind of done by my bit of storytelling about the business and the scenarios 
coming to the more important numbers I will request my colleague and our CFO Mr. Anand 
Singhal to brief you. 
Anand Singhal: 
Good evening everybody, so just to update on the Q3 numbers vis-à-vis, the Q3 numbers of 
the last year, the revenue from operations has increased by almost 11% or you can say 12% 
while as Mr. Rupark Sarswat has told that the cost of the material prices has increased by 

 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 22 
15%, so this is the I will say is the main reason for the impact of the profitability for the 
current quarter as well as because of the shutdown for 16 days. 
 
However, if you will see the EBITDA, actual number is 62 Crores vis-à-vis 69 of the last 
year corresponding quarters showing 11% downwards. EBITDA margin has come down to 
7.67% again 9.71% but if you will see the PBT the current quarter PBT is 31 vis-à-vis 27% 
of the last corresponding quarter. The main reason for the improvement is the reduction in 
the finance cost which has happened due to the prepayments of the term loans and the 
working capital as well as the normal payments. 
 
The fact for the continuing operations is 28% vis-à-vis 18 showing 33% up and of course 
the margin from the continued operations has improved from 2.52% to 2.99%. So, overall, 
we will say that the performance of the company is slightly lower vis-à-vis last quarter as 
well as the corresponding quarter of the last year is still the company has managed its 
operations in a very well manner keeping in mind the shutdown as well as the increased 
cost due to the alcohol and molasses prices and the shutdown.  
 
Regarding the segment wise net revenue, we are talking on the basis of the net revenue, so 
for the current nine month or rather I will say current quarter, the 74% revenue has been 
generated by Bio based Specialities and Performance Chemical business while 22% has 
come from portable spirits and 4% from NHR and other small units. For nine months the 
72% revenue has been generated by the Bio-based Specialities and Performance Chemical 
business, 23% has come from portable spirits means liquor division and 5% from Ennature 
Biopharma. If you compare the last year vis-a-vis the current three months, the business is 
more or less same although from 71% to 74% in case of the performance chemical and for 
the nine months it has increased from 65% to 72%, so overall, all the divisions are doing 
good, but performance chemicals have done better. Regarding the segment wise results, the 
chemical bio-based specialities and Performance Chemicals for the current quarter has run 
in of net of 587 vis-à-vis 505 which is up by 16% and for the nine months is 1597 Crore 
vis-à-vis 1012 Crores which is 58% up.  
 
We will talk about the EBIT; the current quarter EBIT is 24 vis-à-vis 10 which is showing 
136% up while for the nine months it is 77 vis-à-vis 20 Crores which is 280% up for the 
nine months. The portable spirit business, the net revenue is 175 vis-à-vis 163 Crores which 
is 8% up while EBIT is 22 48 Crores which is down by 55% largely because of the prices 
increase in molasses and alpha. The nine-month result if we compare 510 Crores is the net 
revenue out of this business portable spirits vis-a-vis 440 Crores which is up by 16% but 
profitability has come down to 67 Crores against 114 which is down by 41%.  

 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
Regarding the Ennature Biopharma business, the net revenue is 33 Crores for the quarter 
vis-à-vis 44 Crores of the corresponding last year quarter which is about -27% or down 
trade while EBITDA is 8 Crores against 12 Crores which is down by 35%. For the nine 
months, this is 119 Crores vis-à-vis 13 Crores which I will say is 6% up you can say is more 
or less same number while the EBIT is 29 Crores against 39 Crores is -26%.  
 
So, this is the segmental result from our side, and we will take your questions if any on 
these numbers during the call.  
 Rupark Sarswat: 
Anandji, if I can just add one or two points here, one is that just connecting what we said 
before, you see sound growth in the portable spirit segment which is a good thing because 
this is a B2C market and that is more important. However, the rise in the ethanol cost is the 
main issue which has brought our EBIT down by 41% and even before you ask us this 
question, the thing that we are doing for this is, for example, putting up the grain based 
distilleries which will significantly reduce the cost of ethanol which is available to us for the 
portable spirit segments, that is one. The second is that as you know for the portable spirit, 
it is not like a B2B business where we can just go out there and do a price increase, that is a 
long process and there has been a renewal of the policy which also means that we will see 
some increase in the prices which the government itself gives for country liquor, so those 
are factors that we think we will address in the near future especially in the starting of the 
next financial year and the bio based business has been driven by good sales in glycol, 
glycol ethers, some of them I must say have also been helped by some test bits that we have 
had in terms of glycol expertise process, which were much higher in the global markets and 
therefore, we could position our products better. 
 
Just some, I thought I will just add some high-level commentary to these numbers, nothing 
more from my side. Over to you for any questions and the team is here to take them. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and Company. 
Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you for this opportunity. As you have articulated the business environment for this 
quarter and the factors that resulted in the lower margins starting from there itself, currently 
how much have we spent on these grain-based distilleries as of now and what capex is due 
and how is this capex coming on stream will significantly change the margin profile for the 
portable alcohol business? 
Anand Singhal: 
Regarding the grain distillery, the total capex size is 300 Crores and we are hopeful that one 
of the distillery in Gorakhpur will start operations effective April while Kashipur will start 

 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 22 
from June, as far as the expenditure till date is concerned, we have already done say about 
100 Crores, the expenditure on these two distilleries and the work is in process, so 
everything is going as per schedule. Expected margin, Shuklaji will take up for the 
estimated margin.  
S K Shukla: 
You have asked a very good question because you know the UP government, UP excise has 
already announced the grain-based ethanol liquor leaker policy for the year 2022 and 2023. 
Precisely, I would like to inform you that in UP all the Indian made foreign liquor which 
producing from the molasses-based ENA will be converted 100% to the grain-based ENA 
with effect from 1 April 2023. So, this would be the major policy change of the UP 
government. Second, to promote the grain-based ethanol, directly linked with the farmer 
ambitious Modi's policy to increase the agriculture products double the income to the 
farmers. Country liquor, there are three segments in the country liquor, 42.8-degree segment 
of the country liquor, 100% convert into the grain with ENA, so in UP, a huge market of the 
grain-based ENA is likely to be coming from the 1 April and fortunately our grain-based 
distillery would be ready to produce ethanol as of start of the next financial year. So, we are 
hoping good profit while seeing the change in the excise policy. Just to add into this, the 
IRR against both the distilleries as per our internal calculation is within three years, this 
much I can tell you right now.  
Saket Kapoor: 
In case of the requirement for the imported alcohol, how will that dependence be anyway 
change because as like you said articulated then the entire thing will be shifted towards the 
portable alcohol only or we would be able to manufacture bio-MEG also from the alcohol 
that reduce? 
Anand Singhal: 
As per the sanction which we have got from the Government of India regarding these two 
distilleries, we have to go for the supply of 75% of the alcohol manufactured out of these 
grain distilleries, two for ethanol blending, just to avail the 50% subvention on interest, so 
for this we have to take up, rest of the things I think Shuklaji will explain. 
S K Shukla: 
Put together we have good capacity which is coming from the 1 April of the grain ENA and 
we are hoping that our entire demands of the grain ENA will be certainly meet out with our 
production capacity which we are presuming from the 1 April, so we do not think any kind 
of the minus projection about the availability of the grain ENA from 1st April.  
Saket Kapoor: 
No Sir, my point was 75% will be rooted to the ethanol bending program, the balance 25%, 
we would be able to divert towards MEG and what is our current, is this the first grain 
based or currently the ones are molasses based, the distilleries which we are operating, what 
is the feedstock Sir?  

 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 22 
S K Shukla: 
Currently, we are using feed stock molasses. From the 1 April, we will be planning to use 
the broken rice as a feed stock of grain-based extra neutral alcohol.  
Rupark Sarswat: 
May be, I can just add if it helps. What happens as we put grain-based capacities is that we 
have three potential sources of ethanol, one, imported ethanol, second, grain-based ethanol, 
third, we also have capacities to continue to produce molasses basis now. The reason I am 
saying this is that of course excess grain based ethanol can be rooted into all of these three 
areas, it can go into portable spirits, it can go into biofuels and to answer your question, it 
can also go into bio based MEG and it is difficult to give an exact number because that is an 
optimization exercise that we will do as to how much to import, how much to divert from 
grain, how much to do from molasses, the good thing from our perspective is that we have 
three potential sources and we have multiple potential end uses which is biofuel, portable 
spirits and bio-based specialities. Another point I would like to make here is that it depends 
on how much capacity you have got based on subvention, there is always more capacity that 
we may add which is not necessarily based on Subvention scheme and effect that you may 
have from before with you and be able to generate more grain based ethanol for other uses 
as well.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. The short points that I am trying to conclude please help me is this is going to be 
margin incremental with the commissioning of the distillery, the business profile, the 
feedstock, the dependence on the imported feedstock should wane down and this should be 
margin negative, am I correct in my assessment Sir? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yes, as of now I can only talk about numbers as of now, not talking about cost but there is a 
significant delta between imported ethanol and grain-based ethanol as we see it now, of 
course, we talked about uncertain times there are variables, but your answer is here, your 
assessment is correct. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Makarand Tilloo from Makarand Tilloo 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Makarand Tilloo: 
Thank you Sir for giving the opportunity and as we know, the grain based is the future, are 
we planning to expand our capacity in future? 
S K Shukla:  
Yes, we are planning, and we have already got permission from the government for putting 
200 KLPD another grain-based distillery in Gorakhpur, so we have already everything 
aligned but yes for the capex and everything will be decided in Q1 of the next financial 
year. 

 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 22 
Makarand Tilloo: 
Okay, so we from another con call, we came to know that per liter cost or margin is around 
Rs. 15 to Rs. 17 for grain-based distillery, is it correct Sir? 
S K Shukla:  
No, we cannot give you the exact number because these are the number varies from month-
to-month, customer to customer circumstances, so, yes, we are thinking the good profit but 
difficult to give you the exact number per liter it is very difficult. 
Makarand Tilloo: 
Okay, are we planning to utilize Shakumbari in any other way? 
S K Shukla:  
No, not now. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
I will add to your precise question, we do not have any plans in near future to be investing 
or spending in Shakumbari. 
Anand Singhal: 
Yes correct. no planning. 
Makarand Tilloo: 
But Shakumbari there was some disinvestment planning was there? 
Anand Singhal: 
Yes, what we have done, we have taken the permission to increase the ethanol increment 
from 60 KLPD to 100 KLPD but as such as of now, we do not have any planning to restart 
or to start the Shakumbari operations. 
Makarand Tilloo: 
Okay, can we just let us know Sir, what will be our total capacity of grain-based distillery in 
next two years? 
S K Shukla:  
1,80,000 liters will produce from the Kashipur plant, and 1,10,000 liters will produce the 
from the Gorakhpur which both the plants are in the erection stage and as CFO Sir has told 
one plant of Gorakhpur is coming on April and other is coming on the May last. I told you 
earlier that another 200 KLPD plant, we have already got the permission from the UP 
government but capex and everything will be planned in the next year, yes, we are 
evaluating. 
Makarand Tilloo: 
So, glad to know this new expansion because it will definitely boost the margin.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bajrang Bafna from Sunidhi Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Thank you the management team for clarifying the detailed analysis of the situation and the 
cost pressures that the company is experiencing and the direction going forward in terms of 
profitability and the margins, so Sir, my first question pertains to you clearly pointed out 
that the margin trajectory and the profitability is going to move up, so, back of the envelope 

 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 22 
calculation suggest that probably next year company will be having enough cash flow to 
fund the future growth and you already pointed out one aspect is that there will be another 2 
lakh KLPD plant will come up for the grain based facility and there will be something that 
you are thinking on the amines based chemistry, so Sir broadly if you could just guide us in 
terms of the chemical side, how do you see overall growth for the company, for maybe next 
two years to three years because we are also venturing into one new area which is the amine 
based chemistry, so, if we could hear something from the R&D Head that how, what is 
prompting us to move into a different chemistry, we are already into MEG and the ether 
side and the performance chemical side now we are moving into amine, so what is 
prompting for this entry will be really helpful and the overall future outlook on the chemical 
side of the business? 
R K Khandal:  
Bafnaji, thank you very much. I have only two things to say here; number one is, in future 
all companies we all know that India Glycolysis is a role model for self-sustainability and 
also the only company doing business based on renewables, in times to come, since every 
country had has committed in cop26 meeting that they will bring their products to net zero, 
so the focus of India Glycol should be there to capture those fellows who would be shifting 
would be making their products, not based on petroleum resources but based on renewable 
resources this is point number one I wanted to say. Our R&D will be focusing on creating 
new and new molecules and new process technologies which did not exist when we had 
products based on petroleum crude like already it has been told that amine based products is 
one which we have already decided to go and we are going ahead to create a big bio 
specialities and bio specialties facilities, so we will be actually targeting molecules to 
provide alternatives to crude based chemicals, now, we have the raw materials with us 
which nobody has, number one, bio ethylene oxide followed by smart alcohol based 
ethylene oxide. This is only we have. Number two, we have bio CO2 nobody else has bio 
CO2 along with EO, there are people who have bio CO2 but not along with EO, so there are 
several possibilities which R&D would be working like going on carbonates and 
polycarbonate then already amine we have already decided and suppose we with the success 
of amine if we go for backward integration and produce our own amines then it will be a 
very big boon for the company and for the country. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Got it and could the management team, my second and the last question pertains to, we 
entered into some sort of arrangement on this carbon smart feedstock with Unilever and 
Lululemon and if you could just site what is the progress on that side because Lanzatech is 
we have been hearing in the market that they are entering into some of the arrangements 
with petrochemical plants and the steel plants of the country, so any progress on that front 
and when can we see some sort of revenue generation on that count and what could be the 
size of that, some ballpark assessment of that will be really helpful? 

 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 22 
R K Khandal: 
I would only like to say from the technical point of view, please understand, all companies 
of FMCG business, Unilever was the one first who started it, now everyone I mean under 
the sun would be shifting it, so number one is opportunity for the C-smart alcohol-based 
products; number two is the Lanzatech is also expanding their base outside China and 
coming to India and setting up facilities but to answer your question when will the figures 
start coming, I think it will take by the end of this year, things will become clear but 
obviously on the exponential upward side. I think our Marketing Chief would like to 
comment on this but from technical side this is what it is.  
Rupark Sarswat: 
So, Bajrang, we have spoken about it that we understand this is something that we have 
established but we also understand this is a nascent area and yes, we would be producing 
some of the carbon smart products in the first half of the next year, some in the second half 
of the next year we are also working on putting up facilities for those, it is of course very 
exciting to all of us because it is based on missions but we also know that it commands a 
premium, it is also related to availability of carbon smart ethanol, it is a little difficult to 
precisely give numbers as of now, let us build this business, I am sure we will be coming to 
you every quarter to give you an update on how that is progressing, so, Sanjeevji you would 
like to add? 
Sanjeev Gurwara: 
Right, I think we have had discussions with Lanzatech and from the discussion it emerges 
that they are trying to work out the quantity of the smart alcohol which would be available 
and which they can give us and some logistical constraints which they have because the 
material will come from China, so, they are working it out and like Ruparkji has said it will 
gather momentum from the next this half of the year, the next half of this year and I think 
from next year onwards, it will be the quantities would be much more. Now, we are 
finalizing the operations so that you make the whole operation successful but one positive 
thing is that there are at least eight or ten companies which has shown interest and are in 
discussions with us and we will take them forward and I am sure that we can collaborate 
with them, and I think make it a success in the coming sides.  
Bajrang Bafna: 
Got it. Sir just from a curiosity perspective on this carbon smart ethanol, we know that now 
most of the companies in the world are moving towards the direction that if they want to 
reach 100% over next 20 years or 25 years in terms of carbon neutrality, they have to start 
somewhere and that beginning has started let us say from now onwards, so every year even 
if they think of 1% or 2% gets converted into carbon neutrality that provides an opportunity 
to our company but from a competition perspective vis-a-vis crude, what sort of price 
difference that this carbon smart ethanol or the carbon smart feedstock will be having 
because we know ethanol is available at Rs. 50 rupees a kg right now, let us suppose 
whatever import price that are there and your own production will be even lower than this, 
so, if you go through that Lanza Tech route, any idea that what sort of cost will be entailing 

 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 22 
that because if that becomes viable then I think it would completely replace your crude, so 
that is the biggest trigger for this sector and so if you could guide I know it is the domain of 
Lanza tech but since you people are also into association with them, if you could guide us 
some ballpark assessment of that will be really helpful Sir? Thank you. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Bajrang, obviously you have curiosity and we have excitement but it is also right for me to 
give an correct assessment, as these technologies evolve, it is not that they will only come 
from one location in future, they will start to come from multiple sources and locations and 
before we start to feed this market, it is very difficult to start to immediately say that the 
price that which I got Lanza tech alcohol for trials last year is the price that I should be 
taking going forward, so I would not hazard that yes, however for the few customers that 
we are working with obviously there is an agreement, they understand that price. There is a 
willingness for them to launch a few brands for their own sustainability positioning. Right 
now the biggest driver for people is to be the front runners in adopting these technologies 
and therefore position themselves as sustainability leaders and as these technologies evolve 
obviously, prices and with scale coming up, it will become more and more interesting, I 
think it is too far spects right now to say that it will entirely replace crude, I think that is not 
going to happen for a long time but yes it will become these kind of materials if you go 
back to a brief discussion I had which is talking about the longer term that is the direction. 
People will move towards not only renewables but more importantly more products which 
have a lesser carbon footprint which is cellulosic based which I think that is established that 
should be excellent for India, we create that much of a pharm base, to moving to algae base, 
to moving to emission based, to moving to materials which come from the green hydrogen 
root, so, there is a bouquet of sustainable technologies and solutions which are right now 
evolving, there is no doubt that this is the direction which is going to go forward, this 
bouquet is going to play around, we are fortunate that we are participating in some of those, 
very difficult to give you exact number, I think we will up for the next few quarters, one 
year and the picture will be clearer to you as well. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Great, thank you very much Sir for this detailed clarification and wish you all the best. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Bajrang, you started to always start off by that that always scares me, your back of the 
envelope calculation. Your back of the envelope calculation is very precise and highly 
insightful. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Sir that comes because I am a Gold Medalist Charted Accountant, so no argument on that. 
Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you the next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead.   

 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 22 
Rohit Nagraj:  
Thanks for the opportunity and thank you for presentation having a lot of details in terms of 
the industry dynamics. So, my first question is on the speciality amine, so as I understand 
that probably the initial phase we may be going in for ethanol amine and then probably the 
further derivatives of it, so what is the thought process from the amine space as I   
understand there is significant requirement in the domestic market but again for the amounts 
probably will be going through using grain based ethylene oxide and ammonia process 
where we will need incremental EO, so how are we going to tackle this entire project and 
what are the milestones that we are trying to have in this particular project? Thank you. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Rohit, you are right that initially we will be looking at amines which use feedstock that we 
have, for example, ethylene oxide and in the amines portfolio, there are also a wide range of 
amines, there are the amines which are considered as relatively commodity MADA then on 
the other side there are products like MDA and the derivatives which we think are the ones 
we should be looking at first in a small way as I said we are only modifying our plant to 
produce and then also derivatize them, make other products based on that. Our current 
project is not about MA DA TA, however we do believe that there would be requirement 
for amines also which are based on bio based resources, there have been discussions, people 
have asked about the same to us and I will just pass on in a minute to Professor Khandal to 
talk about it, I think it is early days for us to immediately talk about, what is the size of the 
price and how fast we will get there, so these are our initial steps in amine. We will start 
with where we can create more value, spend less capex and then build it up as a business 
based on a few factors. Our product development increasing traction for higher quality and 
sustainable products and then take it from there. I will pass it on Professor Khandal. 
R K Khandal: 
I think it was well explained but I just want to add one very an additional point on this that 
please understand in times to come now, the R&D on these products would be more 
collaborative R&D and instead of redesigning a molecule or a process and going to the 
customer and selling it, it will be completely different now, now the people will ask by 
choice and they would say they have in their plans to replace these products, referring to 
your point like MA DA TA almost about 15% MA and TA are the component of FMCG 
products which are there in the market, which is in billions of dollars you can imagine, now 
these fellows when they go even by lowest percentage of replacement every year, they 
would go by choice, so, we stand a big chance because we are designing these molecules 
along with their R&D, along with their Marketing Team that this is what they are going to 
launch and this is what the scenario is there with the Purple ethoxylates we launched, with 
Lanza tech and Unilever I mean everything was fixed there, the raw material supplier was 
there, the consumer was there, so, R&D India glycol has to be doing only the collaborative 
work and learning new knowledge through this collaboration. So, it will be a different 
dimension of R&D. 

 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 22 
Rohit Nagraj:  
Right Sir, got it and just you explained about the R&D, so the technology is already cracked 
at the R&D as well as pilot level, herein will be doing it on a smaller commercial level 
through the plant modification, is that right? 
R K Khandal: 
See, as far as the technology for these amines, we are talking we already have in-house 
R&D, we do not need that. As I said before, only when we go for the backward integration 
like for example, we make the base molecules of amine then we would be requiring the 
partners for technology or maybe we will have the design technology but these like MDA, 
all alkyl amines, we have our own technology and what plant modification required is that 
the facilities which are there to manufacture certain existing products, how we are able to 
take up these products in the same line those modifications are talked about? 
Rohit Nagraj:  
Got it. That is it from my side. Thank you so much and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Faiz Memon from Fidelis Wealth 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Faiz Memon: 
Congratulations to the team on a resilient performance. I have just a couple of questions the 
update on Lanza was great, I wanted to understand a) in terms of our current capacity 
utilization where we stand and b) there was a mention on our prior call with regard to the 
Delhi excise tax deduction wanted to ask if that happened if that is captured in our results? 
Rupark Sarswat:  
We did not understand this question on this excise tax reduction, can you just elaborate? 
Faiz Memon: 
I believe in our last conference call; we were told that there is to be a change in the excise 
tax and there is a max advantage for IFML in Delhi? 
S K Shukla: 
Regarding Delhi excise policy, Delhi excise policy has announced from November to 31 
March, again we are hearing that Delhi excise will continue with this policy for the 2022 
and 2023 years without any sizeable change in the policy, so this is the news coming but 
this is not authentic but trade is expecting that the same policy will be continued in the next 
year. 
Faiz Memon: 
Understood, okay great and the current capacity neutralization that we are looking at? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
It is difficult for us to give you utilization number because it completely varies on our 
product line, the short answer to your question is in the portable spirit space, we have plans 
and we are right now augmenting capacities to cater to growth, as far as ethylene oxide is 
concerned, we have adequate capacities for the next few years of growth and for the bio-
based specialties I think Professor Khandal already talked about it, we are in the process of 

 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 22 
putting up new facilities to add capacities. So, it is a qualitative answer but probably 
addresses your question. 
Faiz Memon: 
Okay, thank you Sir. I will get back into queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Marsal, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Marsal: 
I have couple of questions. One is this regarding that considering a cost increase because of 
power and fuel and the other raw material cost, what action or I think there are more action 
needs to be taken on the finance cost side, let us say compared to last year there has been 
some reduction in the finance cost course but if you see the last three quarters, it is holding 
around 15 Crores per month, so if you see that our finance cost is almost about 70% of the 
PAT profit after tax, so I think that some more action needs to be taken to reduce the 
finance cost because whatever we can save in the finance cost will directly go into the 
profit, so I feel that I am sure that the CFO is definitely taking some action but I want to just 
like know in this call that what action have we taken on the reprising of the existing loan 
from the existing lender? What actions are being taken on refinancing of the existing loan 
from some other banks at a lower rate because now our financial position or the rating has 
significantly increased and number three like over the last nine months we got a case for 
about 130 Crores plus 450 Crores we got from this our divestment, total we got about 580 
Crores, so how much has been repaid to the loan so that we can reduce the finance cost, 
please? 
Anand Singhal: 
So I will take up the question number two first, regarding the questions on the reduction in 
the finance cost, I would just like to tell you that if you see our finance cost in the last year, 
it was almost 25 Crore or 30 Crores per quarter which has come down to 15 Crores, so that 
is because of the two or three reasons; one is that the prepayments of the loan, number two, 
we have trapped some of the high cost loan to the low cost loan as well as the more 
utilization for the export credit. The company is still working on the same to reduce the 
high-cost loan by swapping or prepaying from its own sources. Second, yes, we are availing 
more and more PCFC and other things related to export, so as to reduce the cost. The third 
thing is you will find in next year when our cash flow will improve after the grain distillery 
and this thing automatically the finance cost will come down because the utilization relating 
to the working capital limits will reduce, we are also working for the swapping of the other 
high cost loan which is in process because what you said is correct is because of the rating 
improvement, yes, that is in process and we will take up, so, you will find from next year 
onwards there is a reduction in the finance cost further. 

 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 22 
Marsal: 
I understand like being a Chartered Accountant, I  am only insisting on this one that last 
year our finance cost was 73 Crores means 48 was 18.25 Crores, now we have 15 Crores, so 
hardly there will be 3 Crores, since we got 450 Crore from the divestment, 130 Crores the 
cash generated 580 Crores even if we repaid 400 Crores out of this as a repayment 400 
Crores at least if you consider 8% selling, it is 35 Crores, so quarterly savings should come 
8 Crore whereas we have only 3 Crores having in the interest, so what I am saying, kindly 
put some rigorous this target to the CFO to achieve it faster because like as you know 
currently the crude is now $96 vis-à-vis $80-$82 is the last quarter. So, this quarter we will 
get more hit from the power and fuel and the other ends, so this is one avenue which can 
offset the increase in the course so, we request you to please take some more external and 
more like some more target, stick to targets so that we can reduce this finance cost at least 
from 50 Crore to 12 Crore at least in this quarter number one and my second question… 
sorry 
Anand Singhal: 
We are on the job that is what we can say and our of course the insight is that we are 
targeting finance costs to reduce and for that we are working. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keshav from RakSan Investors. Please go 
ahead. 
Keshav: 
Good evening, Sir. I have a question for plant MEG and kudos to the earlier participants to 
for asking some great questions, it is sort of built on one, so the product has huge potential 
to take up share in the pet market over the years but one major prohibited factor is always 
the cost relative to the fossil derived products, so though the pledges will accelerate these 
alternatives the overall economics in general is the most organic driver of adoption, so there 
is a Dutch player who has a patented single step catalytic process to manufacture this which 
puts it at cost and quality parity with the fossil derived one, we on the other hand I guess a 
multi-step process for the same raw material which is glucose I believe and we have seen 
firsthand by the story of a recently listed chemical player in India of how such process can 
completely disrupt the market, they took up the line share within just a few years by 
following a similar route, so I wanted to understand from you if we are also looking into 
such technologies ourselves to safeguard if we were challenged by something like that? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So which product are you talking about when you say? 
Keshav: 
Plant MEG. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
MEG, okay. You are saying there are technologies which can do it through different routes, 
we are aware of some development work happening there, right now we are not directly 
working on those, but you know Professor Khandal will probably show some more light. 

 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 22 
R K Khandal: 
I have only one thing to say, MEG can be produced only by two wheels, one is you have 
ethylene oxidize and make energy, the other way is that you have carbon dioxide, hydrogen 
reacting in and making MEG. The catalyst is required and there are people who are 
claiming that they can do even from the CO2 coming from the atmosphere directly MEG, 
but they are not successful. We are not focusing on this kind of R&D for the simple reason 
that India is not on good standing as far as the catalyst development is concerned, so all 
those technology suppliers who have this catalyst technology, they are trying on almost 
every base material to produce the final product, so at the moment we have no plans on that 
and the second point is the MEG produced by Purple ethylene oxide is the most net zero 
point of view, most least carbon footprint material and the technology is very simple and 
well established and proven. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So I may over here add that even in the carbon smarts, there is a requirement and all of us 
talk about it and you are also very interested in knowing about it, for the next few years, we 
only see a small fraction of a product being serviced in the carbon smart area, before I  start 
to give you an impression and you are obviously very excited about it that suddenly we will 
have an MEG plant producing all carbon smart MEG, that is maybe hopefully in the not in 
near future but later on. 
Keshav: 
Yes, basically I am not trying to estimate a near or medium term target but directionally if 
we have that know how, if we are focused on that because it is, I am not talking about next 
three years to five years, it is more and more a long drawn or decadent view, so okay I will 
come back in the queue. Thank you. 
R K Khandal: 
I just want to say one thing, the value addition is not in making the mono ethylene glycol 
cheaper, the value addition is converting a clean oxide into products of high performance 
and high value, MEG is a commodity like earlier said by Ruparkji, many of the commodity 
chemicals will continue to be based on crude like the polymers, like the monomers, like 
MEG, only a fraction of it will go to shift to purple or bio but the real high value products 
which are going into pharma, which are going to personal care, which are going into food, 
they are the ones who will be based on bio and this purple EO and that is where the focus 
would be, not on MEG, this is just I wanted to say.  
Rupark Sarswat: 
I got your point what you are saying essentially is there are better technologies in your radar 
which will make the product in a simple and more cost effective way, are we keeping track 
on those, the point is we are not working on any of those right now, we are aware of some 
work happening in parts of the world, we are keeping an eye on that, if it is something 
which is viable for us and we can collaborate with somebody to get those technologies on 
board, we shall do it. 

 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 22 
Keshav: 
Thank you Sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraints, we will take the last question from the line of Divyam 
Lohia from Ramshila. Please go ahead. 
Divyam Lohia: 
I am a personal investor. Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to know as an 
investment point of view, I wanted to make an investment or consider an investment, so, I  
wanted to know how much of monopoly can we gain over a period of time in a product like 
this like ethanol and I wanted to know under what brand do we have any brand based 
alcohol if you can answer? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Are you talking about the portable spirit space or are you talking about the alcohol in 
general? 
Divyam Lohia: 
Alcohol in general. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Let me tell you that we do have right now a unique position in terms of making ethylene 
oxide from Bio based ethanol, there is only one more company in the world with to my 
knowledge does it, we were the first one, we are still the largest one, so that makes our 
product bio-based and with a lower carbon footprint and from our perspective for some time 
at least, we will continue to have that position in future as bio based ingredients expand, 
other people may enter the space but in what we think is that we only expand the market. In 
ideal what we are focusing on rather than maintaining a monopoly which is not in my hand 
as of now we think that is a strong position or there is a good position is to use our bio-
based credentials and add and create more value-added products in terms of performance, 
so our strengths sometimes I may end up conveying that it is only because you know we 
have a unique position in terms of making products from Bio based ethanol, we would like 
to see it slightly differently of course that is a strength but we would like to see us tend as 
also the ability to make products, design products, collaborate with partners, do application 
development, do product development, so look at the two in combination. 
R K Khandal: 
I just want to because this question is very interesting and very, I mean it is quite mind-
boggling and I thought I will give you input. In the year 1955 to year 1967, three basic 
molecules were produced from bio ethanol first time in India, one was by ICI and the plant 
came up in Kolkata and they were manufacturing bio ethylene making polyethylene bio. 
The second one was is styrene butadiene, that came in down South and the third one came 
PVC which is Chem plus; all these three molecules and this I am telling you specifically 
because when we discuss about chemicals made from the base materials, we should 
understand what these chemicals are for, PVC, styrene butadiene and polyethylene green 
bio will never be viable even if all countries decide to shift even if Saudi Arabia decides to 

 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 22 
shift from petroleum because these are the molecules which will continue to be on that but 
the molecules which are meant for human consumption, which are meant for veterinary 
applications, which are meant for personal care for FMCG, their petroleum products would 
be replaced by bio and that is what is the niche for India glycol. I thought I will just give 
you this input because after 1967 within 10 years, ICI plant was shut down purchased by 
Bindal agro and which again they never manufactured poly ethylene, Chem plus switched 
over from ethylene coming from bio to petroleum and the styrene butadiene is also based on 
styrene imported and butadiene important because we had even plant in Bareli which as old 
as 1970s and it could not run for more than four years or five years, never manufactured 
styrene butadiene. 
Divyam Lohia: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rupark 
Sarswat for closing comments. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Thank you for joining us for all of you who have joined, and I hope we were able to 
respond to your questions in a manner which was satisfactory. That is all from my side and 
also, I thank you to my colleagues and also from my colleagues to all of you. Have a good 
day and see you in the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Sunidhi Securities that 
concludes this conference call for today. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose) 
 

 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
Head Office 
2B, Sector – 126, Noida, 
Gautam Budh Nagar, Uttar Pradesh, 201304 
Tel: +91-120-6860000, 3090100, 3090200 
Fax: +91-120-3090111 
Registered Office: 
A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road, Kashipur – 244713 
District Udham Singh Nagar (Uttarakhand) 
Tel: +91-5947-269000, 269500 
Fax: +91-5947-275315, 269535 
Email: investor.relations@indiaglycols.com 
CIN: L24111UR1983PLC009097 
 
