S.PAPPARELSLTD.
UKAS
Regd. Office
39-A, Extension Street, Kaıkattıpudur, AVINASHI
- 61 654, Tamil Nadu, India.
Phone
. +0-14296-719000 E-mail
spindiaws-p-apparels.com
Web: www.s-p-apparels.com
CIN No.: L18101TZ2005PLC012295
Date: 21.02.2022
The Deputy General Manager
The Asst. Vice President
Department of Corporate Services
Listing Department
BE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
1* Floor, New Training Ring,
Exchange Plaza, 5" Floor,
Plot No.C/1, G Block,
Rotunda building, P.J.Tower,
Dalal Street, Fort,
Bandra - Kurla Comptex, Bandra (E),
Mumbai - 400 001
Mumbai - 400 051
Stock Code
: 540048
Stock Code
: SPAL
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEB (Listing Obligation and Disciosure Requirements) Regulations
2015
Sub: Transcript of the Conference call held on 14" February 2022
Dear Sir/Madam,
With reference to our letter dated 11" February 2022, intimation about the conference call
with Analyst/ Investor held on 14" February 2022, please find the attached transcript of the
aforesaid conference call.
This is for your information and record.
Thanking You.
Yours faithfully,
For S.P.Apparels Limited
N
;
t
\
N
K.Vinodhini
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Encl: As above
(A GOVT. OF INDIA RECOGNISED THREE STAR EXPORT HOUSE)

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“SP Apparels Limited  
Q3 FY'22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        
 
 
 
ANALYST: MS. PRERNA JHUNJHUNWALA, BATLIVALA AND KARANI  
                      SECURITIES 
MANAGEMENT: MR. P. SUNDARAJAN, CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR - SP APPARELS LIMITED 
                       MRS. S. LATHA, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - SP APPARELS 
LIMITED  
                        MR. S. CHENDURAN, DIRECTOR - SP APPARELS LIMITED  
                                 MRS. P. V. JEEVA, CEO - SP APPARELS LIMITED 
                        MR. V BALAJI, CFO - SP APPARELS LIMITED  
 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
  
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen good day, and welcome to the SP Apparels Q3 
FY ‘22 Earnings conference call posted by Batlivala & Karani 
Securities India Private Limited. As a reminder, all participle lines will 
be in the lesson only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation conclude. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal and operator by 
pressing * then 0 on your touchstone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Ms. Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Batlivala and Karani Securities 
India Private Limited. Thank you. And over to you, ma'am.  
 
P. Jhunjhunwala:  
Thank you, Janet. Good afternoon, everyone on behalf of B&K 
Securities, I would like to welcome you all to treat you Q3 FY’22 post 
result conference call of SP Apparels Limited. Today, we have with us 
the senior management, including Mr. P. Sundararajan, Chairman and 
Managing Director of the company. Ms. S. Latha, Executive Director; 
Mr. S. Chenduran, Director, Ms. P. V. Jeeva, CEO and Mr. V Balaji, 
CFO. I would now like to hand over the call to the management for 
initial comment. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
 
P Sundarajan:  
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and very warm greetings to all 
of you who are present on the con call to discuss about our Q3 FY’22 
results performance. I hope and wish that all of you and your loved 
ones are healthy and safe. Before discussing on the performance of 
each division, I would like to update you the development of the retail 
havoc high which has been completed on 1st January 2022. 
 
 
                                     We have shifted the operations of retail into our wholly owned 
subsidiary SP Retail Ventures at the consolidation of Rs. 53.5 crores. 
This consolidation will be converted into equity at an appropriate time. 
Further, I would like to take this opportunity to inform all of you that 
we will be looking to raise PE or strategic investments in our new retail 
venture to grow the business and excel in its industry. 
   
                                      Now let's talk about the garment division, segment wise performance. 
For garment division the shipments to customers have increased both 
in terms of Q-on-Q and year-on-year. In terms of customers, we have 
added one new customer from U.S. and expected to receive initial order 
in the next four weeks’ time. This addition from U.S will surely dilute 
our concentration in the U.K geography. 
 
                                      I would like to update you on our strategy in increasing utilization 
levels by addressing, sourcing, and training our workman, which has 
started the yielding better results now. The process of starting our 
second shift is still to be commenced and will likely happen in the 
month of May and will update you all, on this soon. Our current order 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
book stands at Rs.330 crores. Our garment division revenue for this 
quarters stood at Rs. 223.8 crores versus Rs. 176 crores for Q3 FY’21 
which is at the growth of 27%. Year-on-year. 
 
                                      The total revenue for 9 months stood at Rs. 523 crores versus Rs. 373 
crores for 9 months ended FY’21 at a growth of 40%. Adjusted 
EBITDA of the garment divisions stood at Rs. 44 crores for the current 
quarter as against Rs. 38 crores of Q3FY’21. Adjusted EBITDA for 
garment division for 9 months stood at Rs. 110 crores versus Rs. 75 
crores of 9 months FY’21. Regarding spinning, spinning is fully being 
utilised and is yielding good margins, adding to the garment division’s 
margin. 
 
                                      Our Expansion of three phase that is, 3,600 spindles is completed 
currently, and have started yielding production effective from 
1stFebruary, this year. Further as instructed in last call, to medicate the 
risk of availability of quality yarn and consistency in supplying we have 
tied up with a mill on a conversion basis so that supply is uninterrupted 
without any volatility. 
 
                                      Regarding processing, this division, utilisation level has increased 
which means, we are working even on two Sundays a month, so the 
working days have increased, coal prices have started decreasing and 
raw material prices and supply chain cost escalations are putting 
margins at stress level in the processing division. We have worked an 
alternative mechanism to mitigate the price escalation in coal during 
last quarter. Regarding SP Apparels U.K division, SPUK has seen a lot 
of descriptions in supplies chain majorly due to the third wave in the 
U. K and Europe. Escalation in the container cost has put the supply 
chain on a standstill and disturb the revenue for the current quarter. 
 
                                     The position is improving now and SPUK will pick up same from Q1 
FY’23. Revenue for the quarter stood at GBP 1.4 million as against 
GBP 2.1 million year-on-year. Retail division, performance has been 
separately disclosed to the exchange as business of discontinue 
business in our standalone financial reporting structure. Further as 
highlighted in the opening remarks we will be looking for some PE or 
strategic investors into our retail ventures to grow the business and 
move to the next level in our retail operations. The current security 
position is strong, and we have serviced all the debt up to date. Thank 
you. Now I will request CFO to give an overview of the financials. 
Thank you. 
 
V Balaji: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon. Everybody. I’ll just run you through 
the financial performance of the company. The revenues for this 
quarters stood at Rs. 254 crores on a consolidated basis, which is 
20%higher on year-on-year basis. Our consolidated adjusted EBITDA 
stood at Rs. 41 crores, as against Rs. 39 crores year-on-year. PBT stood 
at Rs. 30 crores as again Rs. 26 crores increase of 13.6% year-on-year 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
basis. Adjusted PAT stood at Rs. 24 crores as against Rs. 19 crores 
year-on-year, which is an increase of 25%. 
  
                                      On a 9-month basis of revenue stood at Rs. 609 crores on a 
consolidated basis, as against Rs. 459 crores year-on-year, which is an 
increase of 32.6%. Adjusted EBITDA stood at Rs. 107 crores as again 
Rs. 78 crores year-on-year, which is an increase of 37%. PBT stood at 
Rs. 78 crores, as against Rs. 43 crores, which is an increase of 80% 
year-on-year. 
 
                                      PAT stood at Rs. 59 crores as against Rs. 32 crores year-on-year, which 
is an increase of 82. On garment division, the revenue stood at Rs. 223 
crores for the quarter as against Rs.176 crores, which is an increase of 
27% year-on-year. Garment margin stood at 19.7%, as against 21.7% 
year-on-year. SPUK revenue stood at Rs. 17.6 crores as against Rs. 21 
crores which is reduction in the revenue due to the reasons explained 
by the chairman. 
 
                                     Our gross debt stood at Rs. 130 crores, and net debt stood at Rs. 105 
crores. My net working capital net is Rs. 55 crores and term debt Rs.50 
crores. My inventory as on 31st December is Rs. 240 crores are mainly 
because of increase in cotton prices and yarn prices. Debtors’ 
receivables are at Rs. 70 crores and payable is at Rs. 71 crores. Other 
information is available in the presentation, and we can get into the 
question-and-answer section. Thank you. 
 
Moderator:                  Sir, can we open the call for a Q&A session now? 
 
V Balaji:  
Yes. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin to 
question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may 
press * and 1 on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press * and 2. Participants 
are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the questions queue is 
assembling. 
 
                                      The first question is from the line of Chirag Lodaya from Valuequest. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Chirag Lodaya:  
Sir, this Rs. 330 crore order books if you can help us understand, 
compared to, say pre-COVID. How is it looking like? Is it much about 
pre-COVID order book levels or it is similar to that? Basically, what 
I'm trying to understand is how is overall demand trends in garment 
division? 
 
V Balaji: 
In terms of demand, I think there is a good demand which is coming 
up. When you compare our order book prior to COVID and after 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
COVID so like our order book prior to COVID was somewhere around 
Rs.250 crores, Rs.260 crores and now we are sitting on an order book 
of Rs.350 crores. And the demand is really very, very strong. 
 
P. Sundararajan:  
Yes, let me explain to you. See, the order book has now increased. It 
used to be Rs. 260 crores, Rs. 270 crores now it is Rs. 330 crores, which 
isa project-based order so we have the firm delivery of say three to four 
months’ time, so which means, Rs. 330 crores, 80% to 90% of this 
value will shifted in three to four months’ time. So, this is always the 
case. And this itself is a clear example that there has been an increase 
in demand for the supply from our existing customers. And that's a 
current scenario. So, we are going very strong with the order books 
now. 
 
Chirag Lodaya:  
Got it. Second answer margin. Given the inflationary trend on a Q-o-Q 
basis also, how are you looking at margins in garment division going 
ahead. Any range that would be helpful. 
 
P. Sundararajan:  
See, one of the reasons why there is a small dip in garment division 
margin is only because suddenly we have booked the order at the 
prevailing prices of yarn and the dyes and chemicals, but after the order 
book, the price went up, which nobody expected during the beginning 
of the cotton season. So, this is where it has misled us to some extent. 
So, we could not ask for increase in prices from our customers that's 
the reason why there has been a little bit of drop in the margins. 
 
                                      But now the customers have started accepting the increase in the cost 
price because, all over the supplying countries, this is a situation. So, 
they have started agreeing to reasonably increase of the prices. So, we 
will be back to the same situation of what we used to have the margins. 
 
Chirag Lodaya: 
So, is it fair to assume that 20% kind of margins in garment division 
should sustain going head also? 
 
P. Sundararajan:  
No. We always give you an indication the guideline is 18% to 20% 
always, that is how we work. For us if anything comes extra it’s a 
bonus. So, we tried to always maintain between 18% to 20%. So, we 
don't really give any false promise that’ll be a dip 10% because all 
streamlined our costings and their products and customers’ 
requirements all streamlined. So, this 18% to 20% is working out all 
the time irrespective of any volatility, so we don't commit anything 
much bigger than this. So, if it just comes well and good. 
 
Chirag Lodaya: 
In retail division this quarter there was spiking lockers. What is the 
particular reason and how we should look at retail division on an annual 
basis? What kind of cash flow should one to expect going ahead? 
 
V Balaji: 
Retail division for the current year has made losses, and we were not 
able to make sales during the month of December because of the 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
transition into the new company. So, all the stocks were kept on hold 
until there is a movement into the new company. So, retail has made 
losses for the current 9 months also. And going forward, I guess, things 
will stabilize. 
 
                                      So, like Q3, if you look at the month of October, we have disturbances 
where we were not able to open shops during the weekend. Saturdays 
and Sundays were not allowed to open, so we have disturbances in Q3 
because of the COVID. But going forward we guess that there will be 
good amount of traction in the revenue and move to the next stage. So 
that is all about retails. 
 
Chirag Lodaya: 
Got it. And sir just lastly on overall debt position. What to expect by 
next year, next end, what kind of debt level will be like?  
 
V Balaji: 
I think on the debt levels our current debt is close to Rs.105 crores. And 
on the term debt we have Rs. 55 crores and on the working capital we 
have Rs. 50 crores. Despite increase in the cotton prices and all the 
supply chain, we can maintain the debt at the low level. In case if the 
cotton prices had not gone up, we would have come to a stage where 
we don't have any debt. But debt, I guess, is purely based on how we 
work on the working capital. But I guess we are working towards a zero 
debt in 1- or 2-yearsyears’ time. 
 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaustubh 
Pawaskar from Sharekhan. Please go ahead. 
 
K Pawaskar:  
Sir, my first question is on your differentiated mechanism, which you 
indicated during your initial comments to mitigate the raw material 
pressure. So, can you just explain it what kind of mechanism or pricing 
strategy you are alluding towards? 
 
P. Sundararajan:  
No, I guess, it's regarding the raw material yarn. So, this is the 
mitigation. Yes, instead of we buy it from the open market see, 
currently our existing capacity can manage up to 60% of our 
requirement. So, the balance we must buy from the open market. So 
now we have increased the capacity so that the number one we get 
confirm the delivery of yarn, and the required quality. Because our 
babies’ products so the quality requirement is very, very, sensitive. So, 
we have a very consistent quality which we cannot get from the open 
market. 
 
                                      And the third one is the at least, we have a firm price without any 
volatility of the cost price of the yarn. So, these things will mitigate our 
risk in terms of quality, delivery, and the price. 
 
K Pawaskar: 
Right. So, sir this 60% has gone up to how much? Like 60% of 
requirement is through internal? 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
P. Sundararajan:           80% I would say. 
 
K Pawaskar: 
Okay, 80% of requirement is in-house, 20% you are buying from the 
open market. 
 
P. Sundararajan:  
Correct. 
 
K Pawaskar:  
And sir, on the pricing strategy. As you mentioned that since the price 
yarn prices, and dyes prices were booked earlier, and it was difficult to 
increase the price. But now since the market is opening up for the price 
increases. What is the maximum, level where you can increase the price 
which will be comfortable for this your customers? 
 
P. Sundararajan:  
As the older price increase by 12%. 
 
PV Jeeva:  
Yes, it will. It is working out to 16% to 20%. But we have already asked 
the customer to increase for 20% but for them it will work out to 14% 
to 16%. So, they are ready to give up to 15% increase. 
K Pawaskar:  
So, have you taken 15% increase or still it is to be taken. 
PV Jeeva: 
Yes, we have already taken 15% increase. 
P. Sundararajan:  
For the future 
K Pawaskar:  
Okay. Okay. And my, last question is on your capex. So now you have 
completed one already completed this including this unit capacity. Any 
further plans on capex you are looking at? 
V Balaji:  
If you look at what we have guided for in the last con call we have 
spoken that we are going aggressively moving towards hostel and we 
are investing closely around Rs. 20 cores of hostel facility into hostel 
facility. That will happen this current fiscal year FY’23 we will start 
investing into expanding our hostel facility so for that we are also 
increasing our capacity accordingly. 
P. Sundararajan:  
In factory. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arvind Kothari from 
Nivesh I. Please go ahead. 
Arvind Kothari:  
Sir, congratulations on a great state of number. I was wondering if we 
have also done a comparison of what has been the price increase by our 
competitors like Bangladesh and Sri Lanka and whether they are facing 
some issues because of the situation, in Sir Lanka in terms of currency 
and all the things. So, are we winning orders in with respect to them or 
they have also taken price increases, which in a way, puts us a better 
off or are we also is one thing if you could clarify book? 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
V Balaji: 
 Price hikes both in Sri Lanka and Bangladesh. Are also taking price 
hikes? 
P. Sundararajan: 
So, you mean to say that the top retail countries, right? Companies. 
Arvind Kothari:  
Yes. 
P. Sundararajan: 
They are also in fact, impacted severely when compared to us because 
we have this indigenous raw material, but for them they must rely on 
either China or India for Bangladesh or Sri Lanka. So, they will be 
severely affected there. So, the price increase is going to be the same 
or more than us for them and they must get the price increase. That is 
the reason why customers are being increase of 15%, 16%. It should be 
for all. Unless you know other demand, they would not be giving to us 
also. 
Arvind Kothari:  
Got it. And sir, my next question is on in the budget there was a lot of 
duty changes that happened across the imports like buttons, and I guess 
accessories for garment. Could you clarify what kind of cost benefit we 
would get, in percentage terms of our manufacturing cost? 
V Balaji: 
So, on the in the budget, I guess, there was only one slight change for 
the import in terms of people who import under a duty can get it, I 
mean, through an obligation they can do it. So that's the only thing, but 
I don't get that will be terms of percentage, which can be marked. It 
will be very, very small. 
Arvind Kothari:  
Okay. Got it. And sir, this new client that we are talking about in the 
U.S. I mean, and we in a way last quarter, I guess we had two clients 
that got added in the UAE so in terms of volume or maybe value terms 
if you could clarify it how what it means for us for our growth target 
that we had you talked about in the last firm. 
P. Sundararajan:                         See one customer we have already got I think truly out of 
two we already got that’s from Middle East we told you before. And 
the other one is the incoming order placed for them. So that's an U.S. 
customer. Now first year, there will be a small portion of our business 
contribution will be there on either side. So, real pick up maybe from 
’23,’24 onwards. So, easily it will not take about 10% to 20% of our 
pick-up of our sales that’s the plan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shikha Mehta from 
Equitree Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shikha Mehta: 
 what our current labor strength is? And if we seeing any shortage of 
labor? 
P. Sundararajan: 
See, as I mentioned that it started improving. Yes, still we need to fill 
the capacity with the new recruits, which already started working in the 
last two, three, four months’ time. So, over a period of another about 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
three months’ time we should be able to fill the existing installed 
capacity and slowly we will be doing as I said from May onwards, we 
will be gradually increasing the number of lines for the second shift 
without adding any additional machine. So, it's on the right track. 
Shikha Mehta: 
Right. And what's our attrition rate? 
P. Sundararajan:  
Attrition is slightly on the higher side. Now, we have already started 
working on the month-on-month about 5%. So, we are working on the 
serious retention strategies which will also yield the result in the next 
two, three months’ time, for sure. 
Shikha Mehta:  
Alright, sir. Sir, I guess our order normally that order normally be three 
to four months to be completed and our current order book is around 
Rs.330 crores. So, are we saying next quarter we'll be doing around 
north of Rs.300 crore top line? 
P. Sundararajan:  
Yes. Straightaway you don't take it this way. As I told 90% of Rs. 330 
crores will be for three to four months’ time, so it can be split into four. 
So, you can work on this. This is the order book we have for the 
coverage of four months of 90% and another 10% will be there for the 
next few more months. So, we cannot give you the correct number 
based on this, but you can guess it. 
Shikha Mehta:  
Alright, Sir, our employee cost also for the quarter again on the higher 
side, which is due to the writ petition, etc. So, can you give the normal 
salary paid for the quarter? 
V Balaji: 
So, like, if you are looking at the employee cost based on percentage, 
yes, the percentages are on the higher side because of our inefficiency. 
Once the efficiency comes in, we should see the employee cost in terms 
of percentage coming down. 
Shikha Mehta:  
Okay, so what percentage would you be looking at approximately? 
V Balaji:  
As per the industry I think the employee cost could be anywhere 
between 20% to 21% and we are working towards it. 
Shikha Mehta:  
Alright sir. So how much percentage has the raw material cost gone up 
by? 
V Balaji: 
So, it all depends on the product mix. Like if it is basics. If you work 
on basics, the raw material cost will be on the higher side. And if it is 
on fashion the raw material cost will be on the lower side. It all depends 
on the product wise which we work. 
Shikha Mehta: 
If you could give a broad percentage? 
V Balaji:  
It will be between 35% to 42% based on the product. 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
P. Sundararajan:  
It used to be around 37% - 38% raw material cost.  Now in the current 
reason it is about 40% to 42% because the customers have not been 
able to pass on increase the price. So, again the thumb rule is normally. 
As we said from the current order what we are booking now, customers 
have increased the upcharge the cost of increase. So, we will be back 
on track around 37% to 40% will be the raw material cost. 
Shikha Mehta:  
Okay. And sir, could you give us some light on the logistics cost? How 
much of balance is that? 
 
V Balaji:  
our orders are FOB 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Seth from 
Quest Investment. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Seth: 
Hi. Congratulations, Mr. Sundararajan and team on good set of number.  
Bharat Seth:  
Yes. Now current year, we can expect maybe around Rs.750 crore of 
our garment sales. So subject to how much we realise up from the order 
book. And the way the order book is expanding as well as we are adding 
the customer so can you give some senses, where do we look for FY’23 
subject to everything is normal and we will be able to ramp up the 
capacity as well as utilisation level. So how much are we looking for 
FY’23? As well as in the volume term, as well as in price value term. 
P. Sundararajan:  
See, as I’ve mentioned in most of the con call, we always appear to you 
look for about 15% to 20% growth, which is what we are always 
working towards. And this current year we expect the growth to be 25% 
for this FY’22 and next year also, it can be between 15% to 25% it’s a 
too wide range I know, but safe side you can have 15% to 20% growth 
on the top line. And the bottom line is always in we maintain 18% to 
20% EBITDA 
Bharat Seth:  
Okay, that's fair, sir. But if we look at, the way price increase we have 
taken, so will that accelerate some growth percentage? 
P. Sundararajan:  
Which business you are talking about? 
Bharat Seth:   
We have taken a price hike of around 15%. Correct?  
P. Sundararajan:  
Correct. 
Bharat Seth:  
So, from that scenario. 
P. Sundararajan: 
 No, that is what exactly is right increase the customer is going to pay 
now. 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Bharat Seth:  
Correct. Okay. But if they agree, then the growth rate will be little 
higher, correct? 
P. Sundararajan:  
Yes. That 15% price will also be an addition. That is what we are trying 
to say 20% to 25%. 
Bharat Seth:  
Okay, fair sir. And SP UK How we are seeing the situation now? 
P. Sundararajan: 
See, now it's back to normal. Europe is open and the all the retailers or 
corporate offices are open. They started meeting the vendors, the 
people so it's all back to normal, same as it was in the 2018-19. So, the 
whole thing on the demands is as usual after the pandemic there is 
going to be aggressive demand and that is what is happening. So, only 
the U.K. where we must look at the price increase with regards to the 
customers, their customers, who will also have some. 
                                      So, if we look at the top lines there will not be an issue. We, hope 
growth by 20%, 30% and the margins will be maintained as it is. 
Bharat Seth:  
Okay. Sir, last question, on the garment side, the new customer that we 
have added is more of a basic or a fashion side? 
P. Sundararajan:  
Mix, of basic and little bit of fashion. Because they come to us because 
of fashion styles only. So, it will be about more say 60% of basic and 
40% will be fashion. 
Bharat Seth: 
Okay. Sir, now you said that in retail we have an aggressive since it has 
been transferred to separate 100% subsidiary and we have aggressive 
investment plan. So, can you give some more color how much 
investment we want to make till we raised the fund, so it will be from 
which entity it will be funding? 
V Balaji:   
No, See, in this in chairman’s note he said we are raising funds for the 
growth. 
Bharat Seth:  
Correct. 
V Balaji:  
Now that is where we are growing at an aggressive pace. So, we are 
looking to raise funds both if there is a strategical investment coming 
in or a financial investment or a PE, whatever kind of investment that 
will accelerate the growth. So, the investment is for the growth. 
P. Sundararajan: 
So, we have a plan. We have aggressive plans and then if we need to 
grow. While it was in this company in SP Apparel, so we did not 
support them by further funding due to the board decisions. So, now 
this being hived off in the100% subsidiary now they are free to raise 
the money from anyone else. But the business plan is always, it's very, 
very positive, in domestic retail is very positive now. So, we have a 
plan for having one or two more brands into it. So, one will see now is 
this Crocodile men's brand and we have a plan for adding one kid's 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
brand or premium brand and the third one is going to be a licensee 
brand of world-famous sports brands where we will have an apparel 
and footwear. So, the business model and the business numbers are 
very, very attractive and very, very positive. So, with the additional 
infusion of money, we should be able to take it up for the next three 
years plan. 
V Balaji:  
One more point to be explained, is that there will be no more additional 
funding from SP Apparels into retail without any aggressive growth, 
that is coming in. 
Bharat Seth:  
Fair. See in current I mean, 9 months what is our basics and fashion 
mix? 
V Balaji:  
Mix. It should be 60% basic and 40% fashion. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Niraj Mansingka from 
White Pine Investment. Please go ahead. 
I have few questions. One from which date did you take the price Increase?  
V Balaji:  
No prices are quoted based on the orders which we have. See, example 
today I am getting an order. I go with the today's pricing. So, it's not 
like you don't go back and get the pricing. 
P. Sundararajan:  
So, it is not the commodity. Our products are. 
Niraj Mansingka:  
So, let me rephrase this question that from what is the has the quarter 
three seen the full impact of the price increased passed on to customers 
or the full impact is yet to come? 
V Balaji:  
Partly it is getting passed on. Maybe orders for, like, basics symbol 
could have been passed on. For certain orders it could have not been. 
P. Sundararajan:  
The same case for Q4 also. 
Niraj Mansingka:  
Okay, so then Q1 would be the full impact. Is it right? 
P. Sundararajan:  
Yes. Right. 
Niraj Mansingka:  
Okay. Got that. The other thing is how many employees do you have 
right now? And how many machines? 
V Balaji:  
Currently, we are working with 12,500 employees on roll. And we have 
5,100 sewing machines in-house and capacity utilisation is closely 
around 62%. 
Niraj Mansingka:  
Okay. So, one related question. You had told in the past also, that you 
don't need to add capacity now considering that you're going to go for 
a double shift. Do you think that by May you would be able to start 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
scaling up the double shift? And do you see any delays of that 
increasing the double shifting of the resources?  
V Balaji:  
Yes, as per the plan we are looking towards May, where we'll start up 
the double shift. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Right. 
V Balaji:  
We will not have them overnight. But gradually we will start having 
three lines four lines and five lines. And gradually we will keep adding. 
P. Sundararajan:  
s I hope I answered your question. 
Niraj Mansingka:  
No when your utilisation is low then why you still want to go double 
shift. So just can you explain that? 
P. Sundararajan:  
see there are certain factories which are associated with hostel. We can 
hire only in hotel factories. For the local factories, we will continue to 
fill the existing capacities and at the same time for hostel factories there 
will be more inflow of people so here automatically we will not stop 
the inflow we will add on the night shift lines. 
Niraj Mansingka:  
Okay, so is the labor availability an issue? Because see, one thing, I'm 
not able to understand is, industry is getting a lot of orders today, but 
aid, but you are still learning a 62% utilization and see a lot of scope to 
increase utilisation as well as to increase the hostel facility and go for 
double shift. So, then what is stopping you? Is it the availability of labor 
or some other operational issues that’s stopping you to scale up? 
P. Sundararajan:  
Managing the inflow. See suddenly, we cannot simply bring in 1,000 
to 2,000 people, so it must happen on a month-on-month basis. So, that 
is what is happening now. So, in the next two to three months there will 
be more of inflow, and we must train them and put them on job, so it 
takes its own course of time. 
Niraj Mansingka:  
Okay, so the last question. So how do you see the employees scale up 
in number of employees from here in next two years? And how do you 
see the training for them facilities that you're planning? Just wanted to 
get your thoughts on that. 
P. Sundararajan:  
See, based on the growth rate we said that 20% to 25% the same 
manner. First, we will fill the existing capacities and then we will reach 
a level where a year-on-year there will be a growth in work force by 
about 20%, 25%. And we have a proper training centre, so we take 
fresh people, train them up, and then put them after a certain period. 
Once we evaluate and found suitable, then we'll place them in the thing. 
So, this is a routine exercise. 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Niraj Mansingka:  
Okay, but can you give some number, like in terms of which will 
understand explains it how you are thinking? Like how many 
employees you cease two years from now?  
P. Sundararajan:  
See when I say 20% to 25% so you can think. Now he says 12,500 so 
there is going to be another 20% to 25%. 
Niraj Mansingka:  
Almost 40%, 50% addition in employees in next two years. 
V Balaji:  
See, every sewing machine I must have at least 2.25 people on the role. 
So, like every operator needs to be there and helper needs to be there. 
So, for every machine I add, I need to have a 2.25 person as per role. 
So, for example, I add 1,000 machines next year I must have another 
2,200 people on my roll. 
Niraj Mansingka:  
But this doesn't include the double shift. 
P. Sundararajan:  
So, if it is a growth at 20% so naturally you can say 2,500 will be the 
growth. 
Niraj Mansingka:  
Okay. No, I was trying to more understand from, like machines versus 
employee. Because your machines what I thought in the past also you 
have shared in the con call that your machines won't increase for some 
time because we were going to slightly 3 plus number of employees 
versus machine per machine. 
P. Sundararajan:  
The machine man ratio he mentioned which is about each machine 2 to 
2.25 is the ratio. So, you can work on it. Machine workers. 
Niraj Mansingka:  
No, but this is for single shift. But when you go for double shift, your 
efficiency improves more. 
P. Sundararajan:  
So there again, the number of machines will increase. Even if the 
second shift, if we are running 500 machines there is going to be 
another 500 machines. We are not talking about installing the 
machines, we are talking about running machine. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shivam from JHP 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
Shivam:  
A couple of questions. One is on the employee availability. Just 
continuing what the previous participant asked. So, when I go back to 
my notes of the last quarter con call, you’ll had stated that two shift 
facility will start by it means you will start two shift operations in one 
factory by September. So, has that started? 
P. Sundararajan: 
See, as we mentioned, because of this Omicron thing, it has disrupted 
the whole thing because the inflow of workman from other states the 
government has stopped them. So, now it has resumed, so literally we 
have lost about three to four months’ time. So again now, which is 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
resuming. So, again, I'm telling you there is one more, see pandemic 
one more this viral spread comes even we don't know what will happen. 
So, these are only the risk factors.  
So, what we plan for September moved to January, again now we are 
planning for May because disruption to resume it takes about six 
months’ time. Until we stabilize. After that, there is no big issue. While 
in the process of stabilizing this disturbance is really disrupting the 
plans.  
Shivam:  
Got it, sir. So, sir, assuming you'll have two shifts in the next year over 
the next year. So, what would be the capacity utilisation then for the 
next year that you would be targeting. So, its current 62%. 
 
P. Sundararajan:   
80% to 90%. Then probably we will be adding new more machines.  
 
Shivam:  
Okay. 80% to 90%. And this would be on 5,100 sewing machines.  
V Balaji:  
As sir said, we may add in couple more machines next year also. 
Shivam MS:  
Okay. Got it. And sir, when look at the GP margin. So, when I look at 
the standalone figures and I think that would give me a better 
understanding of the garmenting division, correct me if I'm wrong. So, 
when I look at those numbers on a Q-on-Q basis and on a Y-o-Y basis 
the GP margin hit has been substantial. So, if you could just give some 
color on how our raw material procurement has been over the last 
quarter. And what led to this hit? If you could give a little more granular 
understanding. 
                                     Because as far as I know, we keep three months of cotton inventory 
with us. And in a rising environment one would have been able to pass 
on the price with the low-cost inventory remaining with us, as in our 
stock. So, this kind of a hit would not have come in this particular 
quarter. So, just wanted to understand this part. 
V Balaji:  
So, I think you haven’t heard the previous questions which have been 
asked. So, we have already explained this why there is a hit. This is 
purely because of the products mix. So, when I do more of a product 
which is basic in nature there will be no value addition in terms of my 
cost. 
                                     So, when I do more of basics, then my material cross is always on the 
higher side. And more consumption towards the yarn or the fabric is 
going to increase the contribution. But in terms of margin, we guided 
for 18% to 20% of margin. Don’t look at EBITDA margin separately 
and gross margin separately. It's my basics contribution which is going 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
to be on the higher side. My personal cost could be on the lowest side. 
So, we have to look at it holistically. Hope I'm clear. 
Shivam MS:  
Yes, got it. And sir, if you could give us, give me the volume for this 
quarter in the garment’s division. 
V Balaji:  
Now we have already given that in the presentation. But still I'll tell 
you 13.6 million pieces exported and 0.4 million on the domestic front. 
So, both put together 14 million pieces. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Resham Jain from 
DSP Investment. Please go ahead.  
Resham Jain:  
Sir, my question is on the growth, which we are expecting for a FY’23. 
Considering this quarter, we have already done around Rs.225 crores 
which means we are already going to if we do this run rate that itself 
will give us that 15% to 20% kind of assuming that there is some more 
price hike, which was not available during first half of this year. So, are 
you seeing that these run rate in terms of volume will be like what we 
have done in Q3? 
V Balaji:  
Okay. I think volume could be anywhere between 10 to 15 percentage. 
And the price hike could be anywhere between 10 percentage. So that 
is why chairman has instructed that it will be 25 percentage for FY’23. 
P. Sundararajan:  
See, definitely we are planning for. 
Resham Jain:  
That is what I am asking. That if I look at the quarter three run rate of 
garmenting export revenue, the growth doesn't seem to be very high. It 
means that you are not adding to incremental volumes next year. 
P. Sundararajan:  
Yes, that's what I'm trying to say, that we are planning for capacity 
increase by about 20%. And also, the price increase will be around 
15%, correct. But it is not for all we will be getting the 15% growth. 
So, we have to work in such a way that combined, it will work around 
25% this is what we mentioned to you. So, this is only the guideline we 
are giving. We really, we cannot assure you on the numbers now. 
Resham Jain:  
Yes, I understood that part, sir. What I was just saying is that this 
quarter we have already done Rs.225 crores, that means, we are already 
doing Rs. 900 crores kind of rate which means that next year on this 
run rate, whatever we have done in quarter three, it seems that because 
1Q and 2Q was anyways much lower for us because of multiple issues. 
What you're saying is that you will maintain this run rate and some 
marginal 5% - 7% growth rate. Is what I'm coming to when you say 
20%, 25% growth, the growth doesn't seem to be very large. 
                                      The volume growth obviously doesn't seem to be more than 0%. 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
P. Sundararajan:  
So, already done it’s not Rs. 225 crores per quarter we have already 
achieved, and Q4. And I mean that if you look at the run rate to Rs. 225 
crores average If you take this Rs. 225 crores is also not to the existing 
capacity, also the previous one, which was because of the container 
issues and other things this has been happened. So, if we maintain this 
Rs. 225 crores in four quarters it will be easily around Rs. 900 crores. 
And incremental 10% incremental increase. So, you can work on this 
that close to Rs. 1,000 crore it is coming to. 
Resham Jain:  
Okay. 
P. Sundararajan:  
So, you're trying to say this incremental growth is not very attractive to 
you mean to say not advancing? 
Resham Jain:  
No, No, sir, I'm not saying that. I'm saying that you are already doing 
that kind of run rate to reach that 20% growth. So incremental capacity 
doesn't seem to be coming in. But what you are saying is, that you will 
do Rs.900 crores and then plus Rs.100 crores-odd so you can execute 
Rs. 1,000 crores next year FY’23. 
P. Sundararajan:  
Yes. I have also said it in the interview CNBC that we will be achieving 
Rs.1,000 crores in 2023 FY. 
Resham Jain:  
Yes. Got you, sir. 
P. Sundararajan:  
Yes. 
Resham Jain:  
So, basically growth will be more towards like 30% rather than 20% 
what you are saying. Understood. 
P. Sundararajan:   
So, you want me to say Resham, you have done all the homework, why 
are you try to bring it for me. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. Sir, second question is we are doing nice thing by 
debottlenecking by putting up hostel. But in terms of the real capacity 
addition, when do you think we need to start putting up newer 
capacities for incremental growth beyond FY’23, ’24? 
P. Sundararajan:   
See, this itself because with the existing set up we can easily grow 
another 40% to 50%. So, which means for another next two to three 
years’ time so this itself will give you the required increase, but we 
have a plan of another one big factory in 23 - 24. Maybe one more or 
two big factories, we will be planning to put up in 23 - 24 depends on 
how this one-year post to pandemic the things are settling down. 
                                      So, there is a plan for two big factories that will add, that is not ruled 
out. Where we will also do some consolidation. It is not that straight 
away, there may be reduction in number of production sites by another 
two or three big/small factories rental factories we will club those. 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Resham Jain:  
Okay. Understood. And sir the last question is, given that our capex is 
quite limited over the next 24 months or so and the generation is quite 
high, and also retail will not require the money. So how do you plan to 
deploy the money, which you are going to earn over the next 24 
months, which seems to be quite large. Your debt is already at Rs. 100 
crores, which is already subsidised rate. So, all the cash which you will 
be generating now seems to be like a free cash flow. 
V Balaji:  
So, anything in terms of cash, I mean capital allocation I think we have 
already guided for 15% of the EBITDA will be distributed to the 
shareholders accordingly. And, if at all, we have cash accumulation, 
the capital will be used effectively to pay off the shareholders either by 
way of dividend or a buyback. That may happen once we see good 
amount of cash accumulation happening. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ridhesh Gandhi from 
Discovery Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ridhesh Gandhi:  
Hi, sir and congratulations on your numbers. Just had couple of 
clarificatory questions. So, you indicated that we are running at about 
65% capacity. This is including the capacity on which we can like run 
on double shifts? 
P. Sundararajan:   
Yes. So, when we say the capacity is not installed capacity. Say, for 
example, out of say 5,000 machines we run 1,000 machines double 
shifts then it become 6,000 machines. So that's how we look at it, like 
one shift 1 machine installed. So, if that is the case, so if it is, you know 
60% now and when we say 80% that also includes the night shift. 
Ridhesh Gandhi:  
Understood. Got it. So, we’ve got a reasonable head room to grow on 
existing capacity as well. Sir, and the guidance which you have given 
for 15% to 20% growth is it that volume growth is that we are looking 
at? 
P. Sundararajan:  
As we said60% basic and 40% fashion. 
Ridhesh Gandhi:  
No, I'm thinking of 15% to 20%. Sir, I am assuming 15% to 20% 
growth which we indicated which we can do next year that would be 
on actually a volume growth, right? And its pricing would be over and 
above that. I mean depending on the price of the cotton.  
P. Sundararajan:  
Yes. In units. Yes. 
Ridhesh Gandhi:  
Got it. Sir, so then we don’t need then effectively, any incremental 
capacity, at least till the end of FY’24. Is it? Because effectively 
assuming 15% to 20% growth even for even for the till next two years 
we still wouldn't be an optimal capacity utilisation. 
P. Sundararajan:  
No. Yes, we may not the additional new machines, but we have we said 
that always we may have to have, when we have garment of about 10% 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
to 15%, we may have to invest in new machines to balance the line for 
each factory. So otherwise, there will not be any increase in the number 
of installed machines other than this 10% because we are using double 
shift. 
Ridhesh Gandhi:  
Got it. Sir, but given the overall demand scenario and what we are 
hearing from both the offline garmental, as in listed and unlisted, is it 
like the demand’s scenario is extremely strong. So, given we have that 
capacity and given we have the credibility, we have the client base, we 
have the scale shouldn't we potentially be attempting for even higher 
growth? 
 
 
I mean, I know 15% to 20% is a great number, but just wanted to 
understand isn't there a potential to do even higher?  
Ridhesh Gandhi:  
What is actually, a bottleneck in taking into a lot?  
 
PV Jeeva:  
Yes, it is definitely possible. If we get a continuous man power source. 
All depends on sourcing of the manpower. 
P. Sundararajan:  
Yes, this we have medicated we have faced the challenge of inflow of 
the people work force. But you know one thing which I always say the 
mobilisation was the challenge which now we are coming out of this. 
But you know, in the big volumes handling that handling is such a huge 
mobilization of workman. Most of them 90% to 95% are women, all 
girls. So suddenly it is not advisable to take about 1,000 to 2,000 people 
and just put them in the hostel and train them, so this must happen as a 
natural course of action. 
 
 
Like gradually per month, we can do about 200 to 300 machines and 
like this we can increase. At the same time we have to address on the 
retention also. Because currently we have addressed this inflow, but we 
have now started working on retention plans. So, what will happen say 
300 will come, maybe 100 will go so we cannot just suddenly bring in 
one to manage the whole thing. Because the productivity, quality 
issues, then saving of the material these are the challenges. So, it has to 
have only by 20% to 30% of workmen growth. This is what we strongly 
believe in. 
Ridhesh Gandhi:  
Okay, Got it. And in terms of just but is this in your view? Because 
what we are hearing from even some of the large analysis in this Texaco 
or Gokuldas etc is that people are looking that this as a golden era, 
potentially in a garmenting just because international customers are just 
looking to increase India's share. Is this something which you are also 
experiencing and see? 
P. Sundararajan:  
Yes. This is a golden year. Of course, the challenge is the price, which 
is, now they have accepted, and the second is capacity. See, we simply 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
cannot just acquire a big manufacturing company and just manage the 
whole thing rather, we used to grow 10%, 15% in the past now we are 
talking about 20% to 25% growth. This itself is the message that we 
want to make use of this opportunity. And maybe I’ll say 20% to 25%. 
Maybe if we manage to get 30% to 35%, we are happy to handle it 
that's not an issue. But when it comes to the official announcement, we 
only stick to 20% to 25%. 
Ridhesh Gandhi:  
Got it. And a last question. Someone had eluded to the utilisation like 
cash on the books. Given we’ve got a really a limited amount of capex, 
which is coming on stream, at least in the near term. Given our 
leverage, levels are reasonably low as well and given our retail business 
and we have committed like we’ll I mean no more require capitals what 
are we going to do with the excess capital? Some amount will be like 
received through dividends, but, I mean, in the event that we don't have 
the utilisation may be a good opportunity to utilise it to do in buyback 
at a reasonable given the prices also reasonable at the moment? 
V Balaji:  
Yes, you're right. I think you should hear the previous question where 
we have spoken about the capital allocation, which will be strictly 
investigated. And wherever it is possible and if there is good 
accumulation of cash, we will look into a buyback also.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much, Ladies and gentlemen. Due to time constraint, 
we take that as a last question for today. I would now like to have the 
conference back to the management for their closing comments.  
P. Sundararajan:  
Thank you for the participation in the con call. And we appreciate the 
various questions raised by all of you, which shows that how keen you 
are in this company's growth. And I am sure that we have been able to 
answer to all your questions exactly to up to your expectations. And 
please rest assured, as I promised the last time also, we have very 
aggressive plans. And as somebody mentioned that it's not really 
golden era. I think we are back to the normal this thing. Although there 
are always some challenges but now number one, we have learned how 
to manage, face these challenges. 
                                      Number two, the whole thing is in our favour. This industry is in our 
favour, and the third one is, that the talk of this industry all over the 
world is the free trade agreement which are already in the dialogues 
have been started. So, we are very, very optimistic about it. So, one of 
the reasons why customers are focusing more into India is they also 
anticipate about FTA agreement very soon. So, considering all these 
things, yes, this garment industry and the textile is a very, very, very 
positive and will be it’s up to the individual companies how to make 
use of these opportunities. And we are day and night working towards 
that to see how we can optimise and maximise this opportunity. Clear 
rest assured that we will do our best to see that your expectations are 
met out. Thank you very much. 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Batlivala and Karani Securities India Private 
Limited, we conclude today’s conference. Thank you all for joining. 
You may now disconnect your lines.  
 
