keveni seed company limited
21n Irebruary 2022
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd.,
I't FIoor New Trading Ring
Rotimcla Building
P.J.Towers, Dalal Street, Fort,
MUMBAI - 4OO OO1
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, 5'h Floor,
Plot No.C/1, C Block,
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
MUMBAI - 4OO OO51
koveri seeds
Scrip Code: 532899
Scrip Code: KSCL
Dear Sir/ Madam,
Sub: Transcript - Kaveri Seed Q3 & FY 2021-22 Results Conference
Call on Tuesday, 15th February, 2022 - Reg.,
The transcript and audio is uploaded on the Company's website as well on below
link:
l'tttps: / / rlu.u . kavcriseetls. in / invt'stors / financial-information/ #tab-transcriDt-of-
confercnce-calls
This is for your information and records
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
FOT KAVERI SEED COMPANY LIMITED
V.R.S. MURTI
COMPANY SECRETARY
ACS - 3566
Encls: a/a.
Begd. Ottice : # 513-8, 5th Floor, I\,,tinerva Comptex, S.D. Boad, Secunderabad _ SOO OOS. Tetangana, tndia
Tel i +g 1 -40-2784 2398 , 2784 Z4OS Fax : +91 -40-2781 1237 e-mait : into@ kaveriseedsin
CtN : Lo.t 120TG1986PLC006728
:i:,\:
co
seeds 
I
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Please find attached herewith Transcript of
Kaveri Seed Company Limited Q3 & FY 2021-22 Results Conference Call made on
Tuesday, 1 5tt' Febru ary , 2022.
Vedantam 
Ravi Shanker 
Murti
Digitally signed by 
Vedantam Ravi 
Shanker Murti 
Date: 2022.02.21 
18:22:56 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 26 
 
 
 
“Kaveri Seeds Q3 & Nine Months FY'2022 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. MITHUN CHAND – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
KAVERI SEED COMPANY  LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 26 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Kaveri Seed 
Company's Q3 & 9M FY22 Earnings Conference call. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today's 
presentation. Please note that this conference call will be recorded. 
Joining us today on this call is Mr. Mithun Chand, Executive Director. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements 
made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature and may 
involve risks and uncertainties. For a list of such considerations, 
please refer to the Earnings Presentation. 
I would now hand the conference over to Mr Mithun Chand. Thank 
you and over to you, Sir. 
Mithun Chand: 
Thank you. Good evening and welcome everyone to our Q3&9M 
FY22 Earnings Conference Call. We hope you have had a chance to 
review the Presentation of our Results which is also available on our 
website. I would touch upon the operational and financial 
performance of the Company then open the floor for a Question-
and-Answer session. 
We are moving from pandemic to endemic and I hope there will not 
be any tailwinds from Covid in the near future. 
The Indian economy has emerged as fastest growing economy at an 
estimated 9.2% during the current year and expected growth of 8-
8.5% for the next year. Gross value add in agriculture is estimated to 
grow by 3.9%, which is good for us. Inflation is bothering policy 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 26 
makers across the World; however, this shows that growth will 
eventually takeover inflation. 
The digitalization theme will be the backbone for new investments in 
agriculture, which will streamline government payments and 
procurements, which in turn will increase the cash flows in the hands 
of farmers for increasing adoption of new and hybrid variants across 
the crop segments. 
Encouraging start-ups and mechanization in agriculture are going to 
increase the investment in agriculture, which should in turn increase 
the pace at which the new technologies and hybrid varies are 
adopted for better yields in the country. 
Food and agriculture start-ups attracted a record $22.3 billion in 
venture funding last year, that’s twice as much as these segments 
raised in 2019, which is making agriculture not only attractive but 
also data rich, this will revolutionize the sector as a whole and we are 
going to be one of biggest beneficiaries. 
Coming back to Operational Highlights: 
 The income from operations for the quarter stood at Rs. 
102.08 crores, which is 2% higher on a YoY basis. 
 The EBIDTA stood at Rs.16.32 crores up by 8.22% on a YoY 
basis. PAT stood at Rs. 9.08 crores up by 21.88% 
 Our cash on books stands at Rs. 314 crore 
 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 26 
 
Segment-wise Highlights: 
As we were discussing Cotton and non-Cotton Crops: 
Hybrid Rice volumes increased by 22.38% in first months of financial 
year 2022. The introduction of the new hybrids has helped to achieve 
this strong growth. The contribution of new hybrid rice products was 
up from 67.93% to 75.68%. 
The contribution of new products was up from 9.55% to 25.49% of 
volumes in Maize. More than 60% of the revenues have come from 
non-cotton crops like rice, Maize and vegetable this year. In line with 
our focus on non-cotton segment’s contribution in 9MFY22 has 
increased to 62% from 53% in 9 months FY21 
We have witnessed significant growth in both revenue and volumes 
from hybrid and selection rice and vegetables segment. 
We have completed buyback of shares worth of Rs. 119.95 crore 
during the quarter. We are working actively to launch new products 
for mustard and wheat crops, which have huge potential, Hybrid rice 
is just 9% at 4 million hectares, out of 42.7 million hectares of rice 
market, and even 10% shift to hybrid is a huge opportunity for us. 
Contribution from our new products across seed segments is stable 
during the year. This should move upwards in the years’ to come, and 
this is the biggest driver for the organization.  

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 26 
Company always strive to deliver consistent growth on both revenue 
and profitability, better margins, build sizable new products, invest in 
R&D to have new pipeline products, looking for breakthrough 
technologies in the market to utilize surplus cash in the books of the 
company. The company has delivered 16% CAGR in revenue and 23% 
CAGR in PAT in the last 10 years. 
Current low yielding situation calls for adoption of hybrid varieties, 
which is happening on the ground. We currently have 17 advanced 
production facilities, 1 lakh large farmer base and 40,000 dealer 
network, with broad portfolio of 1 lakh acres under seed production, 
and 145 strong R&D team with 900 acres of dedicated research farms 
I would like to further state that, the company has generated good 
cash flows in the last 15 years of its listing since 2007. The company 
had started declaring dividends from the year 2009, since then, in the 
last 13 years, the company has rewarded its shareholders with more 
than Rs. 920 crore worth of cash, either in the form of dividends or 
buyback of shares. Moreover, the company had distributed close to 
Rs. 820 crore in the last six years alone in the form of either dividend 
or buyback. 
Company’s motto is to deliver consistent growth on both revenue and 
profitability, better margins, build sizable new products, invest in R&D 
to have new pipeline of products. 
Any major shift in adoption of hybrid and selection rice, increasing 
demand for green fuel and increased protein demand in Maize are 
going to drive the volumes for us. 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 26 
I would now open the floor for a Question-and-Answer session. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from the line of Tarang from Old 
Bridge Capital. Please go ahead. 
Tarang: 
Just wanted to check the CII estimates for cotton output for the 
current kharif is at about 34.8 million bales which is roughly at the 
same levels of last year. So, where do you see this moving now going 
forward especially given the first quarter we saw a lot of disruption in 
sowing from the unorganized players, so how should we look at it for 
the upcoming season? 
Mithun Chand: 
If you see the current sentiment for the cotton crop, it is very positive. 
If you see the price at which the cotton is trading at, it's like all-time 
high, the normal market is like more than 9,000 a quintal. If you see 
the sentiment is good and compare to previous year we see positivity 
in the cotton crop coming up this year. Regarding the other question 
like where it will move to the branded segment or the illegal or the 
unbranded segment, this time we are slightly confident that it will 
move to the branded segment as last time the unbranded segment or 
the illegal seed has given mixed result for them. So, we see a good rise 
in the branded cotton this year. In this financial year, this is the first 
pulse of the farmer. So we are quite positive regarding cotton crop 
this year. 
Tarang: 
One of the factors which impacted our maize business was the tender 
piece from government. So any indications that you are getting on 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 26 
that activity might be better this year versus last and would that 
activity be better in Rabi as well? 
Mithun Chand: 
Basically, the tender business comes in early of this second quarter. 
So we can take it as first half. So we have already lost that business. 
The government could not call for tenders and we don't expect any 
business coming in this year. But going back, as we see the normalcy 
coming back, we don't see much of an issue in that. But anyhow, as a 
company, our tender business we don't bank much on that but if you 
see the other segment like the normal trade business maize, we are 
doing well and most of our hybrids have gained well in terms of the 
market share. Even in this tough conditions in rabi, we have seen an 
excess rain in most of the parts in the second quarter, in the third 
quarter where there was slightly down in terms of the acreages in 
terms of maize and in terms of vegetables. Even in these tough 
conditions, we are able to do better than the competition and the 
industry. So, we are quite optimistic about maize stock in the coming 
years. And maize as a crop we see a lot of positivity not only in the 
coming one or two years but in the long run as the prices have also 
firmed up and the yields have also improved and usage of maize have 
also gone up. So, maize as a crop has a great potential going forward 
and we are in line, hybrids or whatever we are doing in research, in 
terms of launching of new hybrids in different segments, we are doing 
well and definitely we can see a good growth coming over. 
Tarang: 
Just two questions. So, on the tender bit, do you anticipate that the 
tender business to not receive in the next kharif also or you are 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 26 
getting early signs that maybe perhaps you will have that activity 
coming in, in Kharif of FY23? 
Mithun Chand: 
What I meant is that because of the COVID condition they couldn't call 
for tender this year that is '21-22. But going forward, definitely, we 
think that it should come to normalcy and they should again call for 
tenders and we might participate in that. What I specifically said is 
that we don't bank much on tender business because it's a one-time 
business. We usually work on the trade which is a consistent business. 
Tarang: 
What would be the closing inventory for cotton this year? 
Mithun Chand: 
It's too early to predict, but it should be between 8 and 9 million, it 
should be in line with last year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from IIFL Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Just wanted to understand the performance of a couple of segments 
this quarter. One is hybrid rice seems to be down for this quarter 
year-on-year. Is that because of the government's encouragement to 
farmers to move away from Rabi, paddy cultivation in both Telangana 
and Andhra Pradesh? And how do you see that impacting hybrid 
paddy business going forward? 
Mithun Chand: 
Not exactly. But last year, there was some sort of spillover sales, 
which was carried in third quarter. To some extent, what you said was 
right, because this year, these selection wise move a lot in terms of 
the hybrid paddy. But that's a very small portion on the smaller base, 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 26 
it looks like we have lost sales in hybrid rice, but as an overall segment 
this year, we have done very well in terms of the hybrid rice as 
compared to the industry. Industry figures are down by 5% to 7%. But 
we are growing by more than 20% to 25% in hybrid rice. So that's on a 
very small basis, that's not a significant one. Going forward, we see a 
very good adoption of hybrid rice segments. 
Abhijit Akella: 
So no change to our expectation of say, 20% to 25% growth in hybrid 
rice going forward? 
Mithun Chand: 
No, as of now, we still maintain the same guidance. 
Abhijit Akella: 
In vegetables, also, there is some 3% decline in the third quarter and 
also YTD it's grown only around 8% which is a bit low given the small 
base. So what exactly happened there? 
Mithun Chand: 
As I mentioned in the earlier question, excess rains in Northern India 
and some parts of Central India have impacted vegetable business in 
the third quarter, where we got into a good sale in okra and the other 
crops, okra being the major contributor in the third quarter, we 
couldn't gain the sales as anticipated and there was so much of 
returns which were lying. So we have taken that into account. That's 
the reason we have not grown much in third quarter. But if you see 
the fourth quarter and if you compare on a year-on-year basis, 
vegetables will grow and on a fourth quarter-to-quarter basis. 
Already, we had a good start in the fourth quarter. We can say good 
sales coming in the fourth quarter. 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 26 
Abhijit Akella: 
Then just on the Madhya Pradesh Government provision that we had 
taken in cotton in the first quarter, has that been reversed yet or not 
yet? 
Mithun Chand: 
Not yet. We are pursuing it. We might get in the fourth quarter or the 
first quarter of next year. But even though it's getting delayed, we are 
not bothered about the payment as I think it will be sorted out and 
the company will receive the payment. 
Abhijit Akella: 
So whenever it's reversed, it will be 15 crore added to the profit? 
Mithun Chand: 
Yes. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Bayer Crop Science has recently reapplied to the Indian government 
for GM technology approval. So, given that it's happening after so 
many years and there is finally some positive movement on that GMO 
front, would appreciate your perspective on where you see this whole 
GMO technology going forward? 
Mithun Chand: 
It's very positive news for the industry and we are quite optimistic and 
confident that the government will also encourage and allow new 
technologists to come into the Indian agriculture. Bayer is acting very 
proactively and they're working aggressively with both in terms of the 
technical team and in terms of government in explaining the 
advantages to the agriculture and as a whole to the country. That's a 
very good move. As you rightly said after a long time, we are seeing 
some sort of a technology movement at the government level. It's a 
very positive move. And once it gets approved, we might see a lot of 
new technologies coming even in food crops, edible crops as well. So 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 26 
that's a very good move. And that's a reason we are pretty confident 
about the future of the Indian agriculture and many more new 
technologies come into agriculture which are already there in other 
countries and just waiting for the approvals. When we interact with 
the Government, even they are also active; they are also willing to 
introduce new technologies. Of course, they will check the 
implications of it but they are positive in getting new technologies 
even at the government side it's a good sign. So we can see some sort 
of a development in terms of introduction of new technologies in the 
coming year. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Regarding the government tender business, there is one school of 
thought that because Telangana and AP have started giving these 
subsidies in the form of Rythu Bandhu and Rythu Bharosa that 
therefore, those state governments will not come back with tender 
business anymore in the future. So, what are your thoughts on that? 
Mithun Chand: 
Basically, if you see the tender business what you say both Andhra 
and Telangana never use this type of tender business, for example, 
they just give a subsidy of Rs.5 or Rs.10 a Kg, whoever is buying maize. 
So, that will not impact much. If you see the actual outflow of the 
governments, this is very few crores only. Whereas the tender 
business what we are mentioning is about the Central, States where 
the Government buys and gives it to the farmer on a free basis. Here, 
the farmer pays 90% of the amount. So that will not impact much in 
these States. Tender business doesn't make much difference in these 
States, even in Karnataka. They just give subsidies, Rs.5 or Rs.10 per 
Kg, that's it. 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 26 
Moderator: 
Next question from the line of Anurag Jain, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Anurag Jain: 
Kaveri has been on the lookout for acquisitions for some time. Now, in 
the last few months, Bayer India has sold its cotton, mustard, pearl 
millet and grain sorghum seeds business including the brands like 
ProAgro and Surpass to crystal crop protection. Now, let's say 
theoretically Kaveri would have participated in this transaction, and 
then would Kaveri have been eligible, would Competition Commission 
allow Kaveri to acquire other smaller seed companies given that 
Kaveri is a major player already? And then in the seed business it's not 
even possible for a new company to come in. So in that situation, if 
we could throw some light on what kind of acquisition opportunities 
you've been looking at and how do you see yourself vis-à-vis getting 
approval from Competition Commission for any possible acquisition? 
Mithun Chand: 
Yeah, we are open for acquisitions and we are looking for companies 
also, but at the same time, we are very conscious in acquiring 
companies as it should add value to the company, in the sense like we 
are strong in most of the crops, where we operate and we are one of 
the largest strongest network in terms of the distribution and in terms 
of research. So, we are looking for companies which can actually have 
some research base and with new product base, where we are not 
present or the new varieties where we are not present. We will look 
for acquisitions. We will acquire a company which makes sense in 
improving the revenues and in terms of the profitability and of course, 
the shareholders. And in terms of the Competition Commission, 
definitely before acquiring any company, that's subject to the 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 26 
approvals with the competition. And as we have not acquired any 
company, we have not approached any Competition Commission of 
India for any approval. If that happens, definitely we will take their 
approvals and then do it. 
Anurag Jain: 
Another question I have is last year basically branded seed market 
had lost market share for the first time after many years to the illegal 
seeds. There are two seed associations in India. So any of these are 
working, and they have planned to merge these associations. So is the 
association now planning to do some activity with farmers on 
educating them about the ill effects of illegal seeds or how do you see 
this situation of illegal HTBt seeds and cotton market pan out? 
Mithun Chand: 
Even though they were working independently, both the associations 
were working with the farmers in educating about the quality seed 
and not going for the illegal seed. Not only the associations, even 
from the government's front, they were working aggressively to 
educate farmers and to create awareness. And as an individual 
companies were also working on that. So now, what we see is that at 
least in the next year, with the awareness created by the organization 
and by the government and there were really stringent laws which are 
enforced by the government for example, even the Telangana 
Government and Andhra government are booking a PD Act for the 
companies who are doing illegal seeds. So, these types of actions are 
taken by the Government. So, definitely what we see is that the 
awareness has gone up and we think the movement of the illegal BT 
seeds should also come down next year. Anyhow we need to see, but 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 26 
as of now, it looks like it should come down as a percentage as 
compared to this year to next year. 
Anurag Jain: 
I missed your answer to the previous participant question. Like Rs.15 
crore was written off. So, do you expect this to recover in what time 
period? 
Mithun Chand: 
Maybe in the next three to six months we are expecting the money 
should come back to the company. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Srikanth Varma from State Bank 
of India. Please go ahead. 
Srikanth Varma: 
Everywhere today due to inflation, the commodity prices are raising. 
What will be the effect of your EBITDA margins due to the raw 
material price increase? 
Mithun Chand: 
Increase in the prices is a routine activity in the business and most of 
the time we pass it on to the end farmer. So what we try to do is we 
try to maintain our EBITDA margins. So as of now we don't see any 
stress on EBITDA margins. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aashiesh Agarwaal from Crescita. 
Please go ahead. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal: I understand that your rice business is doing very well and non-cotton 
is especially doing very well and congratulations on that. My question 
is with respect to the cotton part of the business and apologies if 
you've answered that before, but cotton still remains a large part of 
your business and there we are seeing the business kind of slowing 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 26 
down. So, do we expect this to remain like this, how is cotton growing 
overall, how is our market share moving and what is our thought and 
strategy on that, if you could throw some light on that part of the 
business? 
Mithun Chand: 
Even though cotton as a contribution to the overall revenues has 
come down, but cotton is a very important crop for us. We still focus 
on cotton. We are developing many hybrids in cotton for the new 
segments and launching of new hybrids in different segments is a 
continuous activity. As rightly said, even the cotton is contributing 
lower, but as a crop, even it has a good 35% to 40% of revenue 
contribution. As a crop, we don't want to lose any focus on that. But 
as the non-cotton segment is growing much faster than the cotton 
crop, so we are talking more about non-cotton segment but as a 
cotton, internally we see positivity coming back this year and last two, 
three years were tough years in terms of the cotton business. And as 
rightly mentioned in the earlier questions like introduction of new 
technologies like BG2 RRF by Bayer and most of the new technologies 
are also lined up for cotton business and cotton definitely will have a 
very big share in both in terms of the company and Indian agriculture. 
So cotton as a crop, we can't neglect and we still continue to be 
focusing on it. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal: To understand sir, in the last two, three years like you mentioned that 
cotton has been weak and obviously reflected in our numbers also. So 
if you could throw some light whether this has been across the 
industry or have we lost market share if you could share some sense 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 26 
about that? Is it only a question of a product pipeline that will change 
or is it something more to it? 
Mithun Chand: 
If you see as an Indian crop, cotton is close to 30% on the peak levels 
of 2014-15. And the other part, even the illegal BT has also taken up 
some share. These two has impacted the branded share segment. In 
terms of the market shares, we have slightly lost market shares in a 
couple of states especially like Andhra and Telangana where we were 
very strong. But if you see the other states like Maharashtra, Gujarat, 
MP, Karnataka, we lost market share. So if you see as overall market 
share, we are at 1% to 1.5% slightly down in terms of the market 
shares when compared to the peak, but if you see overall the cotton 
market has come down, that has impacted. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal: Just to talk on the point sir over here, you mentioned that we have 
lost some share in two States which is the large one. Is it a question of 
dealer margin, is it a question of our product, how do you see that 
and how do we go about addressing that? 
Mithun Chand: 
It's a combination of both, one is the product and second one is the 
dealer because products are pretty old and new products couldn't 
make much dent in these markets as like the earlier products did. And 
in terms of the margins, we are in line with the competition. We 
realize slightly more than the other players do, because we don't give 
much of a credit to the dealers. So, that slightly impacted us, but see, 
overall, we have developed some, we are introducing new products in 
the segments and we are pretty confident that we think that we will 
get back our market shares and that's not a major worry for us, and as 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 26 
I said earlier, it will be a slightly loss of 1% to 1.5%, not more than 
that. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal: What kind of volume growth can you anticipate for the cotton 
segment of the business for say the next 12-months? 
Mithun Chand: 
We maintain only 10% growth this year even though we see a lot of 
positivity in cotton crop coming up this year. We want to be a little bit 
conservative in giving the guidance for the cotton as we need to 
again, check the illegal BT and the non-branded seed segment. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal: Just industry specific thing, when does the cotton seed sales start 
hitting our P&L, so what is the cycle like? 
Mithun Chand: 
Basically, that comes in the second half of May to July 15th, because 
each State has got different sales window and again that depends on 
the rainfall also. So, in that 1 to 1.5-months’ time we will get a clear 
picture. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal: So basically in the month of July from our sales point of view? And 
dispatches to dealer would be happening sometime in May, June, is 
the right way to look at? 
Mithun Chand: 
Yeah, it starts from April and to May based on the State and it moves 
up to June end to July first week. If it is a nearby state from our 
godown, it moves fast. If it is far away it goes bit early. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal: If you could also throw some light on the margin profile on cotton, 
rice and maize? 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 26 
Mithun Chand: 
If you see the margins as of now, we are getting better margins in 
non-cotton crops, cotton is slightly under stress. But if you see as an 
industry, we still realize more than the industry and I think it’s already 
reflecting in the results for a couple of years. If you see further 12 to 
14months, the margin should be in line with the previous year. This 
year as the revenues were down and the sales returns were high and 
some impact in terms of the government receivables that have 
impacted the margin. Otherwise, in terms of the operations, the 
margin remains same and that will remain same going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anurag Jain, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Anurag Jain: 
Coming back on the cotton business for Kaveri, basically Cotton 
Association of India has projected that based on the current high 
prices for the next cotton planting season they are saying that in ten 
cotton growing states, the cotton acreages are likely to go up 
between 20% to 25%. So, in light of this projection, you have taken a 
very conservative view that you expect cotton volumes to grow 10% 
for Kaveri. So, just to understand, you are taking this conservative 
view of volume growth of 10% only, though the last year decline was 
26% of volumes, and despite only a 10% growth, for margins do you 
think you can come back with the previous year margin with 10% 
volume growth? 
Mithun Chand: 
As I said to the earlier question, I am taking a very conservative 
approach in terms of the cotton. Sentiment looks very good. But we 
are very bullish on the non-cotton segment where we grow in 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 26 
between 20% and 25% or the company growth should come back to 
the 15% and 20% and we will get back those to previous margins. So, 
that way we are not much worried. But at the start of the statement I 
said that we are taking a very conservative approach in terms of the 
cotton, we may also need to watch the illegal BT movement. 
Anurag Jain: 
For me to understand correctly, with only 10% cotton volume growth, 
you expect to come back to the previous year margins? 
Mithun Chand: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Mithun, my question is for the quarterly volumes. You have guided 
8.5-9 million packets and this is historically high. Assuming overall this 
kind of volume, apart from the acreage increase in the cotton because 
the prices are high, but overall, there is also a threat of illegal seeds. 
So, assuming that can you talk about what kind of risk we have in the 
8.5-9 million packets? 
Mithun Chand: 
In terms of inventory, there were a couple of questions, one is 
regarding the sales and one is regarding the inventory part of it. 
Regarding the inventory part of it, we are pretty conscious about the 
longevity of the seeds and in terms of the inventory management. The 
production whatever we have is like immediately previous year and 
this year production that we can use for next two to three years, we 
don't see any sort of threat in terms of the write-off, threat of not 
using the seeds. For the next year program, based on this thing, we 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 26 
will reduce the production or increase the production based on the 
sentiment in the initial beginning of the season. We don't see much of 
a threat in terms of the inventory management and we don't see any 
write-off coming from the cotton inventory at least. Regarding the 
sale, with the present inventory, if we can easily supply to the market 
and if there is much of an opportunity what we expected, even then 
we can manage with the present inventory what we have. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So overall illegal seeds have impact on cotton in this year, right. So 
what industries are doing, what government is doing in that? 
Mithun Chand: 
As I answered the earlier questions also that the companies, most of 
the government organizations and the private organizations and the 
government bodies are creating awareness among the farmers not to 
go for the illegal seeds and they are educating the disadvantage of 
going for that. Many governments have imposed strict action if 
someone deals with the illegal seed. These are the measures where 
the government is taking on and with that sort of initiative, at this 
time we might see a decline in the usage of the illegal of the seeds in 
the current year compared to the previous year. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Assuming overall Indian cotton requirement and globally China cotton 
has been banned by US, and the requirement of Indian cotton has 
increased and yarn has increased, so what is your view on technology 
side, should we adopt a new technology, do we have a new 
technology to increase the yield or you say acreage increase of the 
cotton, because that is not a solution, that can create imbalance of 
the other crops also, in the area a particular crop is going to reduce, 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 26 
the price of that is going to increase. So what government is doing 
and what we are doing for that technology side in the cotton? 
Mithun Chand: 
Both the government, the companies and most importantly for the 
farmers, increase in the yields is much required factor and if you see 
our yields when compared to the other developed countries or other 
countries where they are permanent in agriculture, we are much 
lower in that. So, we always require technologies and even I think the 
government is also pro in getting the technologies. As I said earlier, 
they are seeing what are the adversities in introduction of the new 
technologies in terms of the biological or the other pest and 
ingredients. So, that they are working on. Whenever they introduce 
new technologies, they check all those things and use it. As a 
company and personally, we encourage new technologies to come 
into the agriculture field and we are for it. 
Sumant Kumar: 
But still we are waiting for the new technology in the cotton seed to 
increase the yield? 
Mithun Chand: 
Companies like Bayer has applied for new technologies. That is of 
good. There are some other companies also might follow it and we as 
a company will take those technologies and then make seeds to adapt 
to those technologies. 
Sumant Kumar: 
How much time it will take? 
Mithun Chand: 
Each technology takes different time, but it's too early to comment on 
that. Once we get the approval, then we can say to you how much 
time will it take. 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 26 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohan Modi from RSM Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohan Modi: 
My question is in Q1 of 2022, we were impacted in the gross margin 
due to the late placement of our packages in the market due to the 
COVID scenario. We had more impact in cotton packages or another 
crop in write-off? 
Mithun Chand: 
Both the crops. If you see the margins impact, one is we are down in 
terms of the revenues as compared to last year. Especially the 
employee costs and other expenses have gone up. And as we have 
not received the government money, that is also impacting in margins 
and to some extent the write-off the crop, because we have placed 
that in the market in all the crops including maize and cotton, very 
few portion in cotton, but basically in rice and maize we have lost 
because of write-off, that has impacted the profitability. 
Rohan Modi: 
One of our competitors in a cotton seed industry is gaining continuous 
market share in last five years and right now in our markets compared 
to another player and we are retaining our market share. I am talking 
about the Rasi Seeds. So, what is your view on that, what is their 
market share, are their products better than us or something like? 
Mithun Chand: 
They are the biggest player as of now in the market share. And we 
don't like to comment on other competitors' strategy in terms of the 
business. But yes, they are number one player in cotton. They gained 
market share in the last five, six years from other players. They're 
doing it. In fact, they are in line with the market. 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 23 of 26 
Rohan Modi: 
So I'm just viewing from our point of view that it's a difference in 
product or it's a difference in market status, what is your view? 
Mithun Chand: 
It might be both, but basically in terms of the product traction. As I 
said that we have lost market share in a couple of states and we are 
gaining market share in a couple of states. That clearly gives an 
indication that our product is faring well in those states and not doing 
well in other states. Their product was doing well, they gain the 
market share in Northern India. 
Rohan Modi: 
We have done open market buyback and thank you for considering 
our feedback from an investor. So, I would like to ask that in future we 
are more about open market or tender, what is your experience from 
open market buyback? 
Mithun Chand: 
Again, that we will give to the board for the decision. As of now when 
the new buyback comes in, definitely, we will have discussion in the 
board meeting and definitely we will have the final outcome and then 
let you know. But from the company's point of view we always see in 
rewarding the shareholders and we think of a larger benefit to the 
shareholders, that is our prime motto and we'll work on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nishit Shah from Aequitas. Please 
go ahead. 
Nishit Shah: 
Sir, I would like to understand export opportunities for us, what are 
the steps we are taking for increasing our export market share? 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 24 of 26 
Mithun Chand: 
Indian exports have a good contribution in the total overall export, to 
export of seeds to Asian countries and especially the African 
countries, we are working on that. Yes, we couldn't work as per our 
anticipation a couple of years due to COVID conditions and we 
couldn't test it in the normal markets, but we have given samples in 
many countries and most of the samples and the results are very 
encouraging. Exports will be a definitely focus area for us and we are 
pretty confident going forward exports will also contribute to the 
revenues. 
Nishit Shah: 
What was the export in last nine months? 
Mithun Chand: 
So if you see in the last three years, we have not grown much in 
exports, it was flattish, we are doing plus or minus around 20-odd 
crore in last three to four years. We couldn't increase sales in the 
exports. There were some or the other issues in terms of the 
operations or in terms of the testing updation of this testing, that took 
some time. So we couldn't do that. But even in this touch two to three 
years of pandemic years, we were working with the countries where 
we are trying to operate, we are completing the trialing procedure 
and we have given many samples there. So definitely we are 
progressing in that direction but not as per our expectation. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yogesh Mittal, an investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Yogesh Mittal: 
One thing I want to ask is about the development what are the talent 
retention policies we basically inculcate and develop and retain the 
talent in this as it seems to be very critical in this field? About the 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 25 of 26 
herbicide tolerant varieties, as it seems that it is now affecting life 
over the last few years in the cotton, is this herbicide tolerant kind of 
technology being used only in the cotton or in other kind of seeds as 
well in India or outside India in any of the developed world? 
Mithun Chand: 
In terms of the HT, there are many crops even in other crops also, HT 
technology is used, but as of India, companies have only applied in 
cotton seed or HT as Indian government only allowed GM crops in 
non-edible crops. And that is only in cotton as of now. So as of now, in 
India HT is only applied for cotton, but in other countries the food 
crops also have HT. Going down the line, if the government takes 
policy to allow GM in food crop, then that technologies might also 
come into India. And regarding the first question, that's a very critical 
part in the industry as it takes a very long time for the leaders or for 
the company to launch hybrids and it's a continuous activity even 
though the companies want to jump which plays a critical part in 
developing hybrids, at the same time, good team just not breeders, 
but in terms of the technology scientists and the product 
development team, everyone plays a very critical role. So, employee 
retention is one of the main prime focus areas. We are very keen to 
retain employees and in terms of the company we follow all the 
standards in terms of giving the employee benefits and in terms of the 
compensation and moreover that we give a lot of stock options to 
employees that we have already seen in the last three years, we have 
created trust and bought some shares and giving it to the employees 
for the long term retention. That's a continuous activity what we are 
doing in the company for last 10 to 20 years. 

 
Kaveri Seeds Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 26 of 26 
Yogesh Mittal: 
You said that some of the other countries have allowed the HT 
technology being used in cotton and other seeds as well, is this 
technology being received well in the developed world in some of the 
countries, just wanted to understand whether the reason that Indian 
government has not allowed this basically because of the impact on 
the biodiversity and the other harmful impact on around it? 
Mithun Chand: 
Across the world, wherever the technology is used, the results are 
encouraging. And there is a mixed view about using the technology or 
not, but countries in which they're using, they're using it regularly and 
they're gaining market share continuously. Coming back to India, the 
government has not made any policy in terms of the edible crop that 
is a food crop in getting GM technology. If the government is clear 
about the policy, then we can see about the new technologies coming 
into the Indian country. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. For any further 
details or meetings, plant visit, please be in touch with Rama Naidu 
from Intellect IR. You can contact him on 9920209623. On behalf of 
the management of Kaveri Seeds Limited, we conclude today's 
conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
