23rd February 2022 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot C 1 - G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Sandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: SHRIRAMPPS 
Dear Sirs 
BSE Limited 
Dept of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543419 
Sub: Transcript of Investor/ Analyst M eeting- 15th February 2022 
~ Shriram 
'!iProperlies 
Homes that live in you 
Further to our letter dated 12th February 2022, regarding the conference call with Investors/ Analyst, 
please find attached the transcript of the conference call held on 15th February 2022. 
We request you to take the above information on record. 
Thanking you. 
Regards 
For SHRIRAM PROPERTIES LIMITED 
D. SRINIVASAN 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
FCS 5550 
Shriram Properties Limited 
"Shriram House", No.31, Old No.192, 2nd Main Road, T Chowdaiah Road, Sadashivanagar, Bengaluru - 560080 
T +91-80-402299991 F +91-80-412362221 Web: www.shriramproperties.com 
Registered Office: Lakshmi Neela Rite Choice Chamber, New No.9, Bazullah Road, T. Nagar Chennai - 600 017 
GST No: 29AAFCS5801D1ZI CIN No. tJ72.zOOHl2GOOPLG044560 
L72200TN2000PLC044560 

Page 1 of 27 
 
 
“Shriram Properties Limited 
Q3 FY 2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                
  
 
 
ANALYST:  
MR. ADHIDEV CHATTOPADHYAY – ICICI SECURITIES 
MANAGEMENT:  MR. MURALI M, CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR - SHRIRAM PROPERTIES LIMITED 
                                 MR. GOPALAKRISHNAN J, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
GROUP CFO - SHRIRAM PROPERTIES LIMITED 
                                 MR. K.R RAMESH, ED- OPERATIONS - SHRIRAM 
PROPERTIES LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 2 of 27 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the 
Shriram Properties Limited Q3 FY22 Results Conference 
Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen only mode. And there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Adhidev. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Yes, thank you, everyone for joining us on the call today. 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, we are pleased to host the 
management of Shriram Properties on their maiden 
conference call to discuss the Q3 FY ‘22 results. From the 
company management we have with us today Mr. Murali 
M, 
the 
Chairman 
and 
Managing 
Director; 
Mr. 
Gopalakrishnan J, the Executive Director and Group CFO; 
and Mr. K.R Ramesh, the ED - Operations. I now like to 
hand over the call to the management for their opening 
remarks, tell us a little bit about the company, how the 
quarter has been and how the road ahead looks. Over to the 
management. Thank you. 
Murali M: 
Thank you, Adhidev. Good evening friends. This is Murali 
here. I’m pleased to welcome you all and thank you all for 
joining our first investor analyst earnings call post our 
listing. We sincerely thank ICICI Securities for hosting this 
event, and especially thank Mr. Adhidev for moderating the 
call today. Friends, I’m sure you all have seen our press 
release for Q3 earnings. And also assume you have 
accessed the presentation uploaded on our website, as well 
as the pocket changes earlier today. 
Friends overall, it has been an encouraging quarter for us, 
as we have reported positive net earnings consistent with 
our expectation of turnaround in the year FY ‘22. Our 
focused efforts to ramp up and build scale, leveraging 
strong operating platform built in the recent years are 
yielding results. I’m very happy to state that despite macro 
headwinds, we’ve been able to deliver very strong volumes, 
both during the quarter and for the year to date. Stable 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 3 of 27 
quarterly sales run rate of 1 million square foot plus is quite 
encouraging. Our execution ramp up in the recent quarters 
has been very satisfying as well. Supported by very strong 
project pipeline, we are confident of sustained growth 
momentum. Improving scale, operating leverage and rising 
share of development management income should help in 
improving profitability further. We believe we are on the 
right path to sustained profitability. I will request my 
colleague to walk you through the overview of Shriram 
Properties and also highlight the performance for the 
quarter and the year, as well as the strong visibility we have 
on the earnings over the next year or two.  
I will request my colleague Gopal who is the ED and CFO 
to go through a brief presentation. After that I’ll take 
questions that any of you have. And we’ll be equally keen 
to continue our interaction even outside this call in the 
coming days to ensure that you’re able to appreciate the 
compelling investment case in Shriram Properties Limited. 
With this, I request Gopal to make a presentation please. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Thank you, Murali. My name is Gopal and I am going to 
use the presentation that is already on BSE NSE website. 
So I might refer a few page numbers from there. Over the 
next 20 minutes, I will try and walk you through our 
current performance as well as outlook.  
Starting with Page 3 of the presentation, as an introduction, 
we are a pure play mid-market, affordable housing 
company from the south and one of the few professionally -
- truly professionally - managed real estate player in the 
listed space . 
We are part of the Shriram Group backed by globally 
renowned PE investors, who own 35% of the Company 
even post listing. We are among the largest - top three, top 
five players - in each of our core markets. As I said we are 
a pure play mid market housing company. 90 plus percent 
of our portfolio historically has been in mid market 
affordable housing space, will continue to be in the same 
space with 87% of our portfolio forward as well.  
We have demonstrated our track record over the last few 
years. We have ramped up quite aggressively post RERA 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 4 of 27 
taking advantage of the consolidation ongoing in the 
industry and we have scaled up very nicely and stabilized 
to the higher level. To sustain the growth momentum, we 
have built a very strong pipeline, 35 projects, 47 million 
square feet of development potential. Over and above this, 
we have some residual land bank that we have for FSI sale 
and is the only land bank that we have in this company.  
To clarify, we are not a land banking company. We 
primarily acquire land parcels for the project, barring 
exception of Calcutta, we have no land bank in the 
company’s portfolio.  
The other theme that we have followed for 20 years is the 
asset light nature of our business model. We have always 
traditionally focused on JV/JDA, about 87% of our 
portfolio is in that JV/JDA space. And we also kind of 
pioneered the development management model in the 
southern part of the country, which was about three years 
ago. That has actually stabilized very nicely. It is making a 
material impact now, which I’ll walk you through as we go 
through in this presentation.  
Just looking at the Slide 4 our journey so far, as I said, top 
three top five player, midmarket player and established 
leader in southern regional of the markets. Strong execution 
platform built consciously over the last few years, taking 
advantage of the consolidation that is going on in industry. 
We have incurred some significant management time, 
energy and costs in building this platform, which we 
believe is now well fed and well oiled. Therefore, with 
improving scale and efficiency and the strong pipeline that 
we have, our margins are poised to grow. And the 
beginning of that was evident over the last couple of years, 
and called -- on a quarterly basis, we have been improving 
our overall scale, revenue recognition, as well as we are 
able to see now a material impact or material improvement 
in our profitability, which we believe is sustainable.  
Looking at the operational highlights for the quarter and the 
nine months on Slide 6, our overall volumes for the quarter 
has remained very stable at the 1 million mark on a 
quarterly basis. We have been working consciously towards 
stabilizing volumes in the 1 million plus mark on a 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 5 of 27 
quarterly basis, and we have been able to reach that despite 
macro headwinds over the last few quarters.  
If we look on a nine month period, we have achieved about 
2.6 million square feet of delivered of the pre sales, reflect 
a 56% growth on Y-o-Y basis. 
On a sales value basis, we have achieved about INR 1,000 
crore sales value . I must clarify here quickly that the sales 
value is a combination of both our apartment sales as well 
as plotted development sales. And therefore, you would get 
a misleading number when you divide the total sales 
volume divided sales value. I would request you not to 
jump to any conclusion on the sales realization by dividing 
these numbers.  
On a comparable basis, if you look at, our average 
realization is about INR 4,500 per square foot for 
constructed apartments. Plotted development, we sell 
anywhere between INR 1,800 to INR 2,400 per square foot 
depending on the micro-market. So, the blended average 
realization is what you will see here as the sales value. 
On the collection front, the quarter has been extremely 
good as well. INR 314 crore of collections, up nearly 30% 
quarter-on-quarter from Q3 current year versus Q3 last 
year. On a nine month basis, if I look at we basically have 
INR 843 crore of total collection this year, reflects a 64% 
growth year-on-year.  
On the construction side, we have actually made a 
remarkable improvement in construction during this quarter 
as well as during the first nine months of this year. 
Construction spend has nearly doubled to INR 137 crore 
for the quarter and INR 423 crore for the nine month 
period. You would notice in the presentation that INR 250 
crore was the full year spend last year. That clearly shows 
that we have managed to overcome the challenges of labor 
migration that we saw last year post-COVID 1.0. We now 
have 5,000 labors across all of our sites as compared to 
4,200 labor pre-COVID. So overall, operationally, the 
quarter has been good. And also the nine months has been 
extremely encouraging. We believe the momentum will 
continue.  

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 6 of 27 
We’ve had 8 successful launches for the nine month period. 
We have very successful launches as highlighted in page 
number eight. All of these launches have delivered very 
good response to us. What we measure ourselves is a 
metric called sales at launch, which is nothing but the 
actual sales realized in the first 90 days of launch, formal 
launch. And we have consciously tried to reach a 35%, 
40% number in each of our projects over the last three, four 
years. We’ve stabilized in that 30% plus range. During this 
year, they’ve been more encouraging. The weighted 
averagesales-at-launch has been around 45% for the past 
nine months, which clearly means the project when you get 
a 50 plus percent of sales volume sold at the launch period 
and you do a subsequent sales in the remaining three, four 
months period, first six months if you achieve 50%-60% of 
the project inventory sold, that actually de-risks the project 
as the collection from customers, and a very marginal 
working capital or a construction finance required would 
take care of the project execution. That has been a 
conscious strategy that we have built. And I think it’s 
working very well.  
You heard us talking about DM consistently through the 
entire 
road 
shows 
as 
well 
as 
in 
subsequent 
communications. DM has been a strong growth driver for 
us, and we believe it will remain a growth engine for 
Shriram. What do we do in DM? We provide end-to-end 
solution to our customers, which is primarily the smaller 
developers and the landowners. We take over the project 
from them. The land is owned by the landowner company 
SPV. We become a contractor, we provide end-to-end 
solution for them, right from project planning, launch, 
sales, collection, construction, execution and handover. 
Everything is done by Shriram in the brand of Shriram. 
Landowner remains at the end of the waterfall as a residual 
beneficiary of the project cash flows. And therefore this 
model has worked very well for us over the last three years. 
Today, it accounts for one-third of our project pipeline. As 
you could see from Slide 9, between 35%-38% of our sales 
volumes on any period that we look at is now in DM 
model. And DM revenues account for about 22% of overall 
revenues as well. We believe it’s a scalable, sustainable and 
a profitable model. And we’ll continue to focus on it as our 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 7 of 27 
future while remaining focused on JV and JDA as our other 
alternative formats of development as well.  
Turning to Page 10, we’ve built a very strong pipeline, as I 
said, in the opening remarks, as you might have seen from 
the RHP and we have 35 projects, 47 million square feet of 
development potential well spread between ongoing and 
the future projects, 26 out of 46 is the ongoing projects, of 
which 21 million has been launched. Remaining are the 
additional phases of our ongoing projects so they are yet to 
be launched. Out of the 21 million square feet, 85% is sold, 
remaining 15% will be sold as we progress the 
construction, as we go through the project lifecycle or the 
next year or so, which basically means we have a very 
small residual inventory in these ongoing projects. 
Number two, we do not have any inventory in completed 
projects. That’s a big positive and benefit of being a mid-
market affordable housing player. Therefore, the future 
growth pipeline will help us sustain growth momentum as 
we have only 15% of ongoing projects as left as sustenance 
sales. And that’s why the forward pipeline becomes very 
important for us.  
We have a nicely stacked up projects which are PUD 
means projects under development as disclosed in the 
prospectus. These are all the approvals all the land 
everything is under control and waiting for some last set of 
approvals or registrations with RERA. So they are getting 
very close to launch readiness. FC, which is basically forth 
coming projects means projects are still being baked, it 
might need some last leg of approvals maybe pending. In 
some cases, maybe a last milestone or last leg of land 
acquisition might still be pending, either by us or our JDA 
or our DM partner. So they are probably still some time 
away from launching. 
So we have nicely staked up maturity profile where some 
part of the pipeline is ongoing, some projects getting ready 
for launch, and some will take another year or so to get 
ready for launch. So that we believe should help us in 
continuous launches and therefore sustain momentum. 
After filing RHP or since November when we filed the 
RHP we have signed more projects as you can see from 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 8 of 27 
Slide 11. We have signed five more projects, adding up to -
- aggregating to 2.3 million square feet of development 
potential, both in Chennai and Bangalore, both in the DM 
and JDA formats. And they are at various stages of launch 
readiness, and therefore, they would actually be taking off 
on a nearly immediate basis. In addition, we also have 
another 11 or 12 projects at an advanced stage of closure 
which will add another 10 million square feet of 
development potential across models, both JV/JDA, DM as 
well as some of them are our own.  
So, all of this we believe should consummate and result in a 
very strong robust pipeline for us before the year-end that 
will support the accelerated growth that we are targeting. 
Even with that level of enhanced volume, it will support us 
for the next three to four years in terms of growth. So I 
think the growth ingredients are already in place.  
I’ll talk about the execution and therefore earnings 
visibility. But before that, I would like to walk you through 
financial highlights, both for the quarter and for the nine 
month period. Slide 13 gives you a snapshot of how the 
quarter has been, as Murali said in his opening remarks, 
after a gap this is our first quarterly positive earnings. That 
turnaround is very encouraging. We believe this is just a 
beginning as expected and as indicated through the entire 
road show process, we are on a path to recovery. And we 
believe with the improving scale, I’ll talk about the drivers 
behind the past, but fundamentally, we lacked operating 
scale because we were building the organization for a 5 
million square foot of throughput on an annual basis. 
As you would know, AS 115 forces us to recognize 
revenue only when you complete and handover. The 
historical volumes that we did in 2016, ‘17, ‘18 is what is 
getting handed over and therefore, the scale was missing. 
With having sold almost in the 3 million to 3.5 million 
square foot range over the last three years. They’re all 
coming up for completion and handover over the next 24-
36 months. I’ll give you some of these numbers as we go 
through. But fundamentally these improving operating 
scale, rising share of DM fee, which is a fee income and 
therefore flow through in the P&L, combination of these 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 9 of 27 
two should help us see EBITDA margin stabilizing at a 
much higher level. 
On a full year basis, we believe we should be able to be in 
the mid-20s or higher than that levels. And we should be 
able to stabilize fairly quickly. Q3 if I look at the very 
current quarter alone, our total revenues have been INR 1.3 
billion or INR 130 crore and we reflected a quarter-on-
quarter growth of 38%. On a Y-o-Y basis, the numbers 
were slightly lower, primarily because the overall revenue 
recognition or the registration that we did is lower during 
this current year, because last year, we had a much higher 
Q3 registrations as a result of the pent up registration 
demand. Meaning the first six months of last fiscal, we lost 
five months out of the six months because the COVID, 
registrar offices were closed. And therefore there was a 
lumpiness in the overall registration in Q3 last year. And 
therefore we had a year-on-year drop.  
But overall EBITDA if you look at we have on our current 
quarter against INR 130 crore of revenue. EBITDA is about 
INR 53.2 crore or INR 532 million reflect a very strong 
growth both on a Q-o-Q and Y-o-Y basis. EBITDA 
margins are higher than what we believe should be a 
normalized EBITDA, primarily because we were able to 
income recognize in some of our plotted development in 
micro market, they were high margin markets. They are 
Shriram Earth (Whitefield), where we had our own plotted 
development, which came in for revenue recognition this 
quarter. And that being given the micro market that you all 
are fully aware, it’s a high margin micro market and 
therefore we had a higher margin.  
Second, as you would have seen from the notes to the 
accounts, one of the projects where we surrendered or we 
renegotiated the development rights, we acquired phase two 
and phase three of the project as our own JDA. And 
therefore we partly completed and handed over DM rights 
in one of the phases of the project called Divine City in 
Mangadu in Chennai. As a result, we had an income 
recognition of INR 12 crore. A combination of these two 
took the EBITDA margin at a higher than usual number of 
41%. We believe mid-20s is the margin that I think is 
sustainable on an annual basis.  

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 10 of 27 
We had negative earnings in the past, as I explained 
because of operating scale mismatch between the earnings 
–as a result of recognition of current costs and historical 
sales volume related revenues. That’s a basic simple one 
line summary of why we were suffering in the past. So we 
have turned around, and we believe this will be a 
sustainable turnaround. And as we have been maintaining 
through the entire road show, that FY ‘22 would be a year 
of turnaround for us. And, we see a very strong growth in 
earnings with revenue recognition of all volumes that were 
sold over the last two, three years, coming up for income 
recognition in FY ‘23 and FY ‘24. And therefore, we see 
the momentum continuing. 
I’ll go into more in detail in the next slide. But 
fundamentally, Page 14 gives you a very simple summary 
of the entire P&L that we have. As I said, positive earnings, 
encouraging turnaround, consistent with our expectations, 
improving operating leverage and rising share of DM 
income, supported higher profitability and earnings for us. 
And individual component if I look at, as I said earlier, pent 
up registration from H1 helped us in recognize more 
revenue this year. But more importantly year-on-year basis, 
it suffered primarily because last year was a higher base in 
terms of number of registration that we did. Other income 
is lower primarily because of lower interest income on 
short-term loans given to JVs, as well as in some cases to 
the DMs partners -- DM projects, where it might be waiting 
for its own financial closure. And so we might have 
extended short-term loans to them. Otherwise, we don’t 
have exposure to DM projects financially. 
Overall cost growth has been slow and fundamentally 
reflect the nature of projects that have come up for income 
recognition. Operating costs are only 7%, employee costs 
lower marginally. That reflected improved EBITDA 
margin that I said few minutes ago. We’re working towards 
bringing down interest cost, but fundamentally, current 
interest costs are marginally lower, 12% lower on a Q-o-Q 
basis. And we believe the interest cost will drop 
consistently when you go through the IPO proceeds related 
pre-payments, as well as some debt restructuring or debt 
refinancing that we’re trying to do, moving away from 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 11 of 27 
NBFC focus to a bank focus, because we don’t have a land 
related debt in our books. It’s all project specific 
construction finance. And therefore we should be able to 
move to bank funding, especially having become a listed 
company with the current rating of BBB +, we should be 
able to refinance them in a banking market. And that 
should help us bring down finance costs.  
So, overall if you look at, encouraging Q3, slightly lower 
year-on-year on most metrics, and on a Y-o-Y basis for 
nine months period, revenue from operations down 22% 
year-on-year, largely due to some delays in registration, 
revenue recognition in some projects. Notably Southern 
Crest and Grand One, these projects were originally 
scheduled for this year’s first half and then got postponed 
to 3Q registration that has got further postponed to year 
end, primarily because of labor migration last year set us 
back in terms of construction milestones. They’re now 
catching up and therefore we should be able to recognize 
these revenues, a few months of movement here and there. 
We are now back in control in terms of construction 
activities. Pre-COVID, we had 4,200 people across all our 
sites, went down as low as 900 as you would have heard 
from other listed players, and therefore construction 
milestones had to go through a little bit of revision, but we 
got them back quickly in  November 2020. Jan ‘21 onwards 
we have been having rising trend. Started with 4,500 in 
January and now we are standing at 5,300 people across all 
sides. So we’re back in control in terms of construction 
progress. And therefore we should be able to recognize 
income in Q4 as well as in Q1 some of these projects. 
EBITDA has remained flat. EBITDA margins are about 
31% in nine months, as I said we would strongly urge you 
to consider a mid-20s as a more sustainable margin for this 
company.  
If I move to the next slide, cash flow, which is more critical 
in our business as you all appreciate, we had fairly positive 
cash from operations this quarter. We have been having an 
improving trend in operating cash flows, cash flow from 
operations. And we’ve had an improving and encouraging 
trend and that continued even in Q3. We see this trend 
continuing in Q4, with much larger positive cash flow, 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 12 of 27 
because one of our DM projects, an office complex in 
Chennai is nearing closure . And those cash flows will also 
start coming to us in Q4 of this year and in Q1 of next year. 
So overall, we see a cash flow profile very strong, as you 
might be seeing two tables in Slide 15. The table on the left 
is SPL consolidated. Table on the right is the SPL along 
with the 100% share of JV cash flow, because that’s our 
controlled cash. Because these JVs are joint venture with 
landowners and therefore these are controlled cash by us. 
And that shows the true picture of our operations. And if 
you look at that, it continues to have positive cash from 
operations as well as strong liquidity at around INR 365 
crore that centers across all our operations as of the 
December quarter end. We see the liquidity remaining 
strong and improving in fact, as we go through. 
Shifting to balance sheet, we have traditionally had a low 
gearing in our company, prudent practice, same value 
system that we follow across the Shriram Group. Low 
leverage is always beneficial and prudent in our business 
and it’s a debt heavy sector and therefore, low gearing level 
will always ensure competitive advantage for us in the 
marketplace. And we’re continuing with the strategy. Post 
the IPO as of December, the IPO proceeds were in cash and 
cash equivalents. And the net debt is at 0.3:1. Post 
December, we have repaid some of the loans which were 
intended for pre-payment of loans as from IPO proceeds. 
We have done about INR 140 crore of pre-payments in 
January, we intend to do remaining INR 60 crore pre-
payments during February and March. 
And therefore by year end or net debt will remain around 
the INR 300 crore mark, but cash and cash equivalents 
would have been used for repaying gross debt. So interest 
burden will come down for the full financial year next year.  
Apart from that, as I said, we have a strong operating cash 
flow coming in with closure of projects. Therefore, we 
have enough growth funding as well available. And our 
interest burden should go down with refinancing efforts 
that is underway.  
If I shift gear and talk about what do we see for the next 
quarter and few more quarters to come by, very briefly, I’ll 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 13 of 27 
touch upon Slide 7, and then I’ll cover longer term outlook 
in a slide further down.  
Q4 visibility remains strong for us, fundamentally, based 
on the volume that we have sold for the last two, three 
years and executive schedule that we have, which we 
believe we are back on track now post-COVID aftermath. 
Therefore, we see a very strong revenue recognition 
visibility and that should actually give us enough headroom 
for Q4 revenues and also EBITDA. 
Looking beyond the strong volume outlook, it is also 
actually supported by three planned new launches during 
Q4 as well as we have a few other additional launches 
prepared. If the market window permits, we are fully 
prepared to do additional three to five launches, these are 
multiple phases of current ongoing projects, where the 
inventory is almost over. And therefore we would be 
prepared to launch additional phases of these projects.  
So overall supply side we have enough supplies fully 
baked. Therefore, we should be able to achieve the targeted 
volume as we have said consistently, targeting to have 25% 
to 30% growth in our volume for this year. Targeting to 
close this year with about 4 million or thereabout and 
growing to about 5 million or thereabout next year and 
sustain the volume growth momentum at around 20%-25% 
on a three to five year basis. 
From a construction outlook in the short term, as I said we 
are 
caught 
up 
with 
the 
construction 
milestones. 
Construction spend is a clear indicator of how aggressively 
we are caught up. Our nine month spend is far in excess of 
what we did the whole of last year. We expect to close the 
year between INR 500 crore to INR 600 crore of 
construction spent, which basically compares with INR 250 
crore of construction we did last year. So nearly doubling 
our construction on a full year basis also, we believe is 
possible. 
And collection outlook is also equally encouraging with 
milestone being caught up, demand not going out, we see 
collections actually strengthening as well as we go through 
the rest of the financial year and next. As I talked about 
strong visibility, we have five projects which will account 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 14 of 27 
for 80% of Q4 revenue recognition. Of this, two projects 
are just waiting for OC, Southern Crest in Bangalore, 
Grand City in Kolkata, and we expect them in the 
remainder of Q4. Therefore, we should start getting 
registration process beginning. 
The other four projects that are planned for revenue 
recognition, Vizag, one in Bangalore and one plotted 
development that we started already. All of these are only 
registrations are pending. Therefore, the bottom line I’m 
trying to highlight is the revenue recognition visibility is 
there. Under 115, we should be able to recognize as we 
complete and handover these units to our customers.  
DM fee is an integral part of our growth and our revenue 
strategy. We see a very strong outlook for DM. Over the 
last couple of years we have grown DM fee income 
consistently. And we see INR 120 crore to INR 150 crore 
annual DM fee potential based on projects signed already. I 
am not including the projects that have been signed post 
RHP or post prospectus. But notwithstanding that, we still 
have a very strong DM recognition potential and that 
should be stabilizing around annualized rate of INR 120 
crore- INR 150 crore. Q4 also, we see strong potential from 
these DM projects.  
Looking a little longer term, we’ve been targeting to reach 
4 million square feet and should reach there comfortably 
this year. And I think, despite COVID, NBFC crisis, 
despite these repeated interruption from COVID 1.0, 2.0 
and now Omicron, we still have been able to sustain this 1 
million square foot per quarter run rate. And therefore, we 
believe we should be able to maintain and grow from here. 
And to support that we have enough projects coming up, 
ongoing projects aggregate to about 26 million sft, 21 
million sft is launched out of which 85% is sold. 
Based on these projects therefore, when we complete and 
handover we shall have revenue recognized. We believe for 
the next 24 months, 15 million to 18 million square feet 
will be recognized. You must have seen from the Slide 1, 
over the last several years, we’ve achieved 17 million 
square feet of delivery. We’re talking about doubling our 
delivery in the next 24 months based on ongoing activities. 
It’s not only aspirational delivery volume. So that should 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 15 of 27 
actually present a very strong revenue recognition potential 
for us. 
Looking little longer, all the cumulative volume that we 
have sold till December 2021, should help us achieve 
nearly two thirds of our projected revenue over the next 
three years. That basically means we have a very strong 
visibility on the volume that are going to be driving this 
revenue recognition. So as long as we complete and 
handover, we should be able to recognize revenue. That’s 
why we are focusing on execution now. And as I said a few 
minutes ago, we believe we are on the right track, we 
should be able to achieve our completion and handover 
targets.  
So overall, we have a very robust financial outlook and we 
are on a path to recovery in FY ‘22. And our efforts over 
the last two years or three years have endorsed that fact. 
And you would have seen the ROCE chart, couple of years 
ago when we first started interacting with external capital 
market investors the question was, what is the sustainable 
operating margin? Will you scale up nicely or is only 
aspirational? Will you reach a stable steady state operating 
margin, which is comparable to industry average or resi 
player margin? Where will you reach ROCE? 
We believe over the last two years we have managed to 
prove or demonstrate our progress on all of the three. We 
scaled up from less than 1 million square feet annual 
volume in pre RERA environment to 3 million, 3.5 million 
square feet steady state volume over the last two years. We 
are now fully set, the machine is well-oiled platform is set 
and therefore we believe we should be able to rise from this 
4 million square foot in FY ‘22 to 5 million and then reach 
at 20%-25% CAGR annually.  
We’ve also apart from ramping up and stabilizing, shown 
improvement in operating margin over the last two years. 
We have already reached the 22%-23% operating EBITDA 
margin, we believe we should be able to stabilize in the 
mid-20s. ROCE used to be about 3%-4% ROC a few years 
ago, you would have seen the chart in Slide 16. On an 
audited accounts basis, we were already at 7.4%. We 
expect to see double digit ROC fairly soon. We believe we 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 16 of 27 
should be able to stabilize around mid-teens in a 
foreseeable future. 
Just last couple of slides, I’m not obviously going through 
the industry outlook, all of you are experts in it, and we 
learn from youand therefore, I don’t want to be investing 
your time into explaining the sector. It just suffice to say, 
the sector seems to be on the cusp of a new growth era. It’s 
actually in a sweet spot today, because a variety of 
fundamental factors, which all of you know and you keep 
writing in your research, and therefore we read from there. 
Therefore, I don’t want to invest your time into explaining 
them. It is suffice to say large branded player is seen in the 
market. We’ve established ourselves as a large branded 
player over last several years. We’re reaping the benefits 
today, the consolidation is going to continue. And we 
believe therefore, the ground is well set for us to be able to 
continue our growth momentum. 
Just looking very briefly on the last two slides. Slide 22 just 
summarizes what our strengths in the markets are, what 
we’re thinking of doing. We are continuing our strategy 
that has helped us grow. We are actually unlocking value 
from Bengal. We are going to focus on DM as a growth 
accelerator. I will take some of the questions on DM and 
Bengal in the Q&A. But I just wanted to draw your 
attention to Slide 23 and 24, which explains more about 
what our unlocking strategy in Bengal is and how do we 
see DM model as a growth engine for us.  
With that, I just want to summarize saying very strong 
brand. Well governed company. Trust, transparency, 
governance have been pillars for Shriram Group. And that 
applies to Shriram Properties as an integral strategy for us. 
Proven track record of growth and improving profitability 
by now, strong growth outlook not just for the sector, but 
also for us, supported by a pipeline of projects, which is 
growing as we speak in a positive industry environment. 
With a strong balance sheet, we believe we should be able 
to grow and deliver value for our shareholders. 
I’ll stop here, and we’ll be very happy to take questions 
from you. 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 17 of 27 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the 
question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a 
question may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on the touchstone telephone. 
If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue 
you may press ‘*’ and ‘2’. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen we 
will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. 
We have the first question from the line of Biplab from 
Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead, sir. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Good afternoon, sir. Hope all is well. Sir, my first question 
is regarding your business model. You have DM and JDA -
- mostly DM JDA projects. Could you give us some color 
like what proportion of your sales that sales booking that 
you do? What proportion of that is from DM and how 
much from JDA?  
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Yes, I will make an attempt and then my colleagues will 
join me. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
And also… 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Over all on a nine-month basis.  
Biplab Debbarma: 
Yes, sir. Sorry. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
So, JV/JDA is accounted for about 50% of sales volume 
during this year. DM accounted for 38% of sales volume 
during this year. But more importantly on an overall 
pipeline basis if I look at that determines what’s our overall 
outlook. About a third is DM and about 40% odd is 
between JVs and JDAs. So that’s fundamentally how we 
are spread from our long-term perspective as well. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Okay. And sir typically what is the DM? Like how much -- 
typically how much do they share? How’s the structure you 
do DM –and what’s the DM fee that you have in DM 
projects?  
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Yes. So, as I said that we have about 13 DM projects 
signed already, there are some in the pipeline. When we 
started, we started charging DM fee, which is core 
marketing and CRM activities and project management. 
For that we used to charge anywhere between 12% to 16% 
or actually 10% to 16%. Our median DM fee, till recently 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 18 of 27 
was about 12%, which primarily goes up if we have to 
absorb additional costs, which means, as I said earlier, we 
do 
end-to-end. 
We 
provide 
our 
product 
design, 
development, marketing, our brand, marketing, sales, 
collection, construction and handover. 
If the selling expenses and everything has to be borne by 
the landowner company, which is the DM Company, we 
then collect only the fee for marketing, CRM and project 
management, which is averaging around 12% on a 
weighted average basis for all the signed contracts. If we 
have to absorb the marketing costs to Shriram, we simply 
gross that out. So, therefore, some of the contracts actually 
go up all the way to 20% as well, depending on what all we 
add and delete. But it is suffice to say on a comparable 
basis, if I have to say what is your core DM fee, which is 
only manpower cost will be the cost for you what is the 
core DM fee, it will be 12%. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
And sir, what are the responses -- like do you have to -- 
suppose there is a project I am the land owner I come to 
you and say sir you do my project this is my land, you do 
the DM project and all? So whose responsibility it is to get 
approval, to get funding like debt funding, and in RERA, 
would you be the co-promoter? 
K.R Ramesh: 
It’s Ramesh, I am replying your query. First thing is, 
depending upon the kind of opportunity in some cases, land 
owners may come to us who himself is a developer with 
approved project also. So, once the approved project comes 
here depends upon the kind of design which we have, we 
will take up the project. If there’s any design changes there, 
then we suggest that. So design is also done. So approval 
also we take up the responsibility in case it is necessitated 
for the project sale. This is regarding the approval. 
As my colleague said, we take end-to-end from the project 
design, approval, construction, handover, and some cases 
maintenance as well. So this entire gamut will be taken by 
us. In one or two cases where it is pure marketing we do 
only  the marketing and CRM related and handover related 
things. So, generally barring few cases we take up only 
from the beginning to the end, end-to-end spectrum we will 
consider. As far as funding is concerned, it depends upon 
the project viability, we decide what fund is needed 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 19 of 27 
primarily to fund the working capital requirements of the 
particular project. 
Normally, we don’t allow any kind of fund outflow from 
the project other than what is required of the project. So, 
the funding in some cases we take the responsibility, we 
may give certain guarantee depending upon the cash 
viability of the project. Other cases it is the responsibility 
of land owners themselves. 
Third question in terms of the RERA, the RERA because as 
we are explaining, the entire sale and construction is done 
by the land owner company only. So, legally, they are the 
promoters in any case, we are registered as a service 
provider and we are commercially responsible for it, legal 
responsibility will be with the land owner. Since our brand 
name is at stake, we ensure that all RERA compliances, 
including filing and tax filing will be controlled by Shriram 
Properties because we’re manager. Hope I could answer all 
your three queries. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Okay, that’s great. One final question if I may please. On 
Kolkata,you have presence in Kolkata. What my 
understanding is that Kolkata is the market where the 
pricing has not seen much escalation for many years. And 
also the volume has not been increasing as we may have 
seen in other cities. Can you give us some insight on this? 
How’s the market overall Calcutta as a real estate market?  
Murali M: 
Yes, this is Murali here. Calcutta as a market has been 
extremely, extremely positive and good for us. We have 
launched the phase one, which is about 2 million square 
feet 2,300 apartment and apartment Grand One which is 
called, Shriram Grand One which we have fully sold. We 
are hardly left with any inventory. We start handing over 
the apartments by April. So there is a good response to that. 
And phase two is called Shriram Sunshine. It has got about 
3,200 apartments, first phase of it we launched about 1,200 
apartments. We have already sold about over 800 
apartments in that. We have launched second phase of it 
with another 1,200 apartments. Again, we’ve got a good 
response so far. Calcutta, we’ve done exceedingly well. 
And our land is very, very strategically located. It is about 
20 minutes from Howrah by train and also well connected 
through the highway. As we speak now, we have got 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 20 of 27 
tremendous response for all the housing offering. And also 
we are in active discussions with people who are interested 
in setting up warehousing in our location.  
So we’ll come back to the market soon with output on what 
is happening on the warehousing development. So people 
have shown a lot of interest in buying large fraction of land 
for warehousing, and data center. So Calcutta, we remain 
extremely, extremely bullish and positive.  
Biplab Debbarma: 
Okay, that’s great. Thank you, sir. Thank you so much.  
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Just to submit one last message. So you talked about 
Kolkata volumes have not grown. I think whatever we read 
from the public reports, like Anarock recent research also 
talks about the strong volume momentum in these markets. 
So that’s consistent with what we’re seeing on the ground. 
Market has actually been reasonably active and vibrant. 
Just wanted to point out. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Okay, okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, anyone who wishes to 
ask a question, may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on their touchtone 
telephone. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Hello, yes, so this is Adhidev here again from ICICI. Sir if 
you can just elaborate on sort of price hikes we have taken 
across projects in this year. If you could break it up 
between plots and apartments and how it has been across 
different cities in Bangalore, Chennai, or Kolkata? If you 
could give us a perspective on how you’re also handling the 
input cost inflation? That is my first question.  
Murali M: 
With respect to the price increase, we estimate the price 
increase to take place steeply. I would estimate maybe in 
the next 9 to 12 months time, price increase could be about 
10%, particularly in Bangalore and Chennai markets. 
Calcutta, we expect the price increase to happen at least 
about 8%. That’s my estimate in the next 12 months time. 
Some of our projects, we have increased the price in the 
last two quarters. And we also expect to increase the price 
in the next quarter also in some of our projects. So in 
overall, we anticipate in the next six months time price 
increase of at least about 5% to 8% across all the projects. 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 21 of 27 
Both plots and apartments, there has been a constant 
demand, hence we are looking at increase in prices. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay. Sure, sir. So the next question is basically on our 
unsold inventory. As you mentioned, we don’t have much 
inventory to sell. And if we’re looking to launch new 
projects, you could just broadly share with us the unsold 
inventory levels like how many months or what is the value 
of this unsold inventory? And what is the value or area of 
the projects you’re looking to launch in the quarter’s going 
ahead, in order to achieve our guidance, which we have 
stated?  
Murali M: 
As we have seen last nine month time, we have launched 
five new projects, over 2 million square feet, we have done 
45% on sale, which is one of the best benchmark across the 
industry. We have a very healthy trend of project sales at 
launch. So since, we are catering to embark in an affordable 
housing, where there is a tremendous demand and as a 
brand, we have a very strong credibility in the market, we 
have been able to sell the projects whatever is launched. 
So one such example is that in the first nine months of the 
year, across five projects over 2 million square foot 45% on 
sales is a excellent number. So hence we have close to zero 
inventory on the projects completed. Gopal can give you 
specific numbers.  
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Yes. So, on the launched projects, as I said 26.3 million is 
our ongoing projects, out of which 22 million is launched 
and of which 2.67 million square foot is the inventory as of 
the end of December. Will add to a potential sale value of 
about INR 1,200 crore to INR 1,300 crore as an unsold 
value in these projects. And the additional 4 million square 
foot can come from these ongoing projects alone, in terms 
of the multiple phases that can be launched. So we have a 4 
million there. And we obviously have our projects under 
development. 
If I look at the specific launches that we are planning, we’re 
planning for, as I said earlier, three new launches in Q4. 
And we are also prepared enough for three to five 
additional phases of our own ongoing projects. So three 
projects new launches that we are talking about would be 
adding about 1.25 million square feet of saleable area, 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 22 of 27 
which we believe we should be able to launch in remainder 
of Q4. 
Additional ongoing projects, as I already told you 2.67 
million is the unsold inventory from the launched projects. 
4 million is not launched projects from ongoing. Out of it, 
we think we can be prepared to launch about 2 million 
square feet if the market window permits. So we only have 
45 days right now. Otherwise, they’ll slip into Q1 of next 
year. Apart from that we have eight launches planned in 
FY‘23 aggregating to about 3.6 million square feet based 
on projects that we have already firmed up or signed up 
already. So they would have a revenue potential of 
somewhere close to INR 9,000 crore or there about. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay, okay. Sir that was pretty helpful. And sir with this 
Omicron impact and everything, so are we still confident of 
achieving this 4 million square feet guidance? What are the 
upside or downside to that number? That is my last 
question. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
We should be able to achieve our estimated number. We 
have made a lot of measures in managing this COVID. In 
fact, pre-COVID we had about 4,000 labors approximately. 
Now, we’ve got about over 5,300 labors across all of our 
sites. And we have taken a lot of initiatives in ensuring 
educating the labours to take vaccination, we have 
conducted vaccination drives and trying to keep all our 
workers onsite very, very healthy. So we should not have 
any major impacts because of the COVID impact. So we 
should be able to achieve our number comfortably.  
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay, sir that was very helpful. That’s it from my side. And 
thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. So we have the next question from the line 
of Biplab Debbarma from Antique Stock Broking. Please 
go ahead, sir. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Sir, thank you for taking my questions again. If I’m not 
overshooting the time. Sir two questions, one is what is the 
on-ground market scenario like in the three cities that 
you’re operating? How are you seeing better traction? I 
mean, just wanted some insight like what are the sweet 
spots in each of this market? How things are different in 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 23 of 27 
terms of inquiries earlier compared to now, and say pre-
COVID or say one year ago? And what kind of interest you 
are seeing like, when we saw rebound in real estate 
residential, we saw customers interest towards completed 
projects or nearing completion projects? So now, what are 
the trends and traction that you are seeing in terms of ticket 
size? What are the sweet spots? What kind of project do 
they prefer? How are the inquiries level and how are the 
conversion levels in each of these three cities? Thank you, 
sir.  
Gopalakrishnan J: 
How the market dynamics have changed. 
Murali M: 
Okay. See post COVID particularly I mean immediately 
after the COVID there has been some kind of a concern. 
But, things have changed quite a lot. There has been a good 
demand, which have come up now. A lot of people who 
were not looking at buying homes, they all come into 
buying homes today. So the demand has only gone up post-
COVID now. Particularly on the mid market and affordable 
housing or the way the first time homebuyer is looking at, 
the demand has substantially gone up and across all the 
markets, whether it is Bangalore or Chennai or Hyderabad, 
Calcutta or Pune. So, where we are operating, the demand 
has gone up post-COVID. So, we are also seeing good 
progress in absorption of all our projects across the cities. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Hello? 
Murali M: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
No sir, I’m also saying like, what are customers still 
preferring, the ready to move-in inventory, nearing 
completion inventory or you are seeing increasing share of 
customer interest in under construction or in newly 
launched projects? 
Murali M: 
On the mid-market and affordable housing it’s a continued 
demand for the projects, which are under construction. For 
the luxury projects people prefer to have finished once. 
That’s what is the trend today because on the midmarket 
and affordable housing customer also needs some time for 
him to mobilize, to meet his aspirational home. Hence, 
there is a strong preference for projects under construction 
on the midmarket and affordable housing segment.  

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 24 of 27 
Biplab Debbarma: 
And sir, what would be the typical sweet spots in each of 
this market that you are selling? 
Murali M: 
Bangalore on the apartment, it is somewhere between INR 
50 lakh to INR 1 crore. In Chennai it is again INR 40 lakh 
to INR 80 lakh is Chennai. In Calcutta it’s between INR 30 
lakh and INR 60 lakh is what we are seeing big demand. 
On Villas, across all locations it’s about the INR 1 crore to 
INR 2 crore, INR 2.5 crore.  
Biplab Debbarma: 
So you continue to remain upbeat. Outlook is quite positive 
for real estate in these markets. 
Murali M: 
Yes. We have very, very optimistic view.  
Biplab Debbarma: 
That’s a great news sir. Thank you, sir. That’s all from my 
side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have the next question from the line of 
Soumya Sarkar from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Soumya Sarkar: 
Yes, so congratulations on great Q3 numbers. So I just had 
one question pertaining to the DM model. I am clear about 
the fees and all that it’s like 12% to 15%. That’s fine. So 
you told about there is a cash waterfall to the land owner. 
So I just wanted to know like, can you just throw some 
light on the cash waterfall. And what kind of margins can 
we expect to unlock after the waterfall, just according to 
the DM model, so just about this. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
So there are two ways to look at this. One is from our 
perspective as a DM partner -- as a DM service provider. 
For us, the 12% is the clean fee, minus my allocated 
manpower costs will become the EBITDA or PBT. 
Because there are no other costs it flows through. So based 
on our experience, we believe this 12% minus our allocated 
manpower won’t be more than 2% or there about. So we’re 
talking about 9.5% to 10% of PBT from this business as a 
percentage of project revenue. As you know, we recognize 
only the fee income so the EBITDA margin will be very 
high. And I’m not getting into that because it really pass 
through so 75% plus of the fee should be the flow through. 
From a landowner perspective therefore he is paying us 
12%. And we don’t do projects which have EBITDA 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 25 of 27 
margins of anywhere less than 25% or there about. So 
therefore, from his perspective, even after paying DM fee, 
he gets his value unblocked very comfortably. In fact, we 
can share this data with you if required. We have done 
comparative models between DM, JDA, own and ORP. 
These are the four options available for a landowner. On a 
cash flow basis, because he gets the enter residual 
waterfall, right. So from a collection perspective, if you 
look at, first, collection goes towards statutory, then 
construction payment and other contractor payment like 
marketing bills including DM bills and then therefore rest 
is to his account. 
So statutories would include all the taxes, interest, all the 
servicing requirements. So the cash flow is to him, if I look 
at on a NPV cash flow basis. If I look at the DM actually 
generates the second highest cash flow compared to other 
alternative formats of development from his perspective. 
The only other way he can make more cash flow from the 
same land parcel would be the own development, which in 
today’s market is not happening because smaller brands or 
smaller developers are not able to develop on their own. 
Therefore, it is even superior than JDA from his 
perspective, because in JDA we fix the land value upfront 
and therefore you determine the revenue share or a space 
share. As you could expect any commercial organization 
will take their own risk weighting. Therefore, you fix the 
price. So, there is a lot of cost aspects involved. There is a 
lot of land value judgment involved. So, both parties play 
conservatively and there can be a disconnect. 
And whereas, in DM all the upside and downside belongs 
to him, so they have a comfort and confidence they are 
playing the market properly. So, therefore, we believe this 
DM will be a value accretive or a win-win for both service 
provider like us, as well as a land owner like the DM 
landowners. And that’s why we believe it is a sustainable 
business model on the long run. 
K.R. Ramesh: 
To add further, this is not only when we embarked upon 
DM we talk about it. In fact, when we started the journey 
from 2018 to 2022, we have completed one residential 
project where we proved to the land owners that they got  
better money than one of the cases, which were completed. 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 26 of 27 
In another two plots also we were able to establish they are 
able to reap better benefits by this. So it’s not only 
theoretical, in terms of actual practical work which have 
been done on ground, we are able to reap that kind of 
money for the land owners. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
That’s an important point I forgot to mention that. So for 
the benefit of everybody else on the call so we have gone 
through the whole full lifecycle of the DM projects by now, 
three years ago when we started DM residential a lot of 
question marks were raised today. I think in March-April 
our first residential DM will be ready for completion and 
handover to customers. So, that means we have gone 
through right from a land approval stage all the way to the 
completion and hand over, the entire learning curve with 
the partner. So we know now how to overcome or iron out 
any differences that can arise. 
Our first plotted development project Shriram Earth 
premises, all our plotted development is sold in the brand 
name of Shriram Earth. So Shriram Earth Mysore Road is 
also ready for handover and registrations have begun and 
we should be completing the process during this fiscal. So 
all this gives us a good comfort and confidence that we can 
actually manage DM model smoothly without risking our 
brand. That may be one of the concerns that people had. 
We don’t give control of the project to anybody. We run 
the entire end-to-end control with us like as we have with 
other projects, and therefore brand risk is minimized.  
Soumya Sarkar: 
Okay, sir. Got it. Thank you. That was quite detailed. 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last 
question. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Yes, thank you very much everyone for being on the call. 
And it was a pleasure talking to all of you. And we look 
forward to your support as an analyst as well as an investor 
buy side community. We are new on the block on the 
exchanges, we look forward to your support, both in terms 
of helping us sail through the whole capital markets, and 
request your support in terms of coverage. We’re happy to 
remain engaged with people after this call as well to see 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 15, 2022 
Page 27 of 27 
how we can explain our investment case more 
appropriately that allows you to have a view on the 
company and explain it to your investors and clients. 
For the buy side investors who are on this call, thank you 
very much for the support that you’ve extended to the 
entire IPO journey. And also thank you for being on this 
call. On behalf of entire management team of Shriram, we 
sincerely thank you for joining us and look forward to 
interacting with you more often in future. Thank you.  
Murali M: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes 
this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
Murali M: 
Thank you. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
