  
 
            BLOOD TESTS • DIAGNOSTICS • WELLNESS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited  
 
 
Registered & Corporate Office: 250 D, Udyog Bhavan, Hind Cycle Marg, Worli, Mumbai ‐ 400 030. 
 
 
CIN: L73100MH2000PLC192798 Tel No.: 8422 801 801 Email: support@metropolisindia.com 
 
 
Website: www.metropolisindia.com 
 
 
Global Reference Laboratory: 4th Floor, Commercial Building‐1A, Kohinoor Mall, Vidyavihar (W), Mumbai ‐ 400 070. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ref: MHL/Sec&Legal/2021-22/79    
 
 
 
 
Date: February 24, 2022 
 
 
To, 
Head, Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Scrip Code: 542650 
 
Head, Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1. G Block, 
Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 400051. 
Scrip Symbol: METROPOLIS 
 
Sub: Transcripts of Earning Call for Q3FY2022 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, please find enclosed herewith transcripts of the Earning 
Call held on February 11, 2022, wherein the management of the Company discussed the Financial and 
Operational Performance of Q3FY2022. 
 
The same has also been uploaded on the Company’s website and the same can be accessed at 
www.metropolisindia.com.  
 
This is for your information and records 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
 
 
Simmi Singh Bisht 
Head – Legal and Secretarial  
Membership No.: ACS 23360 
 
 
Encl. a/a 
 
 
 
Simmi 
Singh Bisht
Digitally signed by Simmi Singh Bisht 
DN: c=IN, st=Maharashtra, 
2.5.4.20=26030f0f5f8a4b28f73303312abcbf651a6162
9c5a776513507b34a7712c7c7d, postalCode=400066, 
street=A/1306,Dheeraj Hill View Tower,Next To 
Dheeraj Upvan,Mumbai,Borivali East,Mumbai 
Suburban, 
pseudonym=d8e34bd996fe07c82e2dc1c11d834b53, 
title=5625, 
serialNumber=80a282e36414f5d6340ff9536bae1db1
d43f37685a4ad4c6f163b46ffb964360, o=Personal, 
cn=Simmi Singh Bisht 
Date: 2022.02.24 15:19:08 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
“Metropolis Healthcare Limited Q3 FY-22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been included / 
omitted due to human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all information should be verified 
with the company by the reader. 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. AMEERA SHAH – PROMOTER & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR. 
MR. VIJENDER SINGH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER. 
MR. RAKESH AGARWAL, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. 
MODERATOR: 
MS. CYNDRELLA CARVALHO – CENTRUM BROKING.  

 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY22 Earnings Conference Call of 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited hosted by Centrum Broking Limited. This conference call may 
contain forward-looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions 
and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees 
of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a minder 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Cyndrella Carvalho 
from Centum Broking. Thank you and over to you.  
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thanks, Margaret. Good evening, everyone. I Cyndrella Carvalho welcome you all on behalf of 
Centrum Broking on the Q3 FY22 Earnings Concall of Metropolis Healthcare Limited. At the 
outset, I thank the management of Metropolis for giving us this opportunity to host this earnings 
call. From the management team today we have with us, Ms. Ameera Shah, Promoter and 
Managing Director; Mr. Vijender Singh, Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Rakesh Agarwal, 
Chief Financial Officer. I now hand over the call to the management team for their opening 
remarks and further insightful discussion on the quarter. Over to you Ms. Ameera Shah.  
Ameera Shah: 
Good evening, everyone. And thank you for joining us for the Q3 FY22 Earnings Call. I hope 
you and everyone around you is safe and healthy. And I’m joined today by the Vijender, Rakesh 
and SGA Advisors. The presentation press release have been issued to the stock exchanges and 
uploaded on the company site, I hope everyone’s had an opportunity to go through the same. Let 
me start by giving you our thoughts on the quarter that’s just gone by.  
Point number one, we embarked at FY22 with a network expansion plan with a view to deepen 
our presence across geographies and increase the B2C ratio of the business. Accordingly, we 
have added 10 labs and about 470 centers in nine months.  
Point two, we have posted strong 31% growth on Y-o-Y basis in our core business which is non-
COVID business excluding COVID, COVID allied and the government contract. So this is the 
B2C, B2B core business that we have. Our B2C revenues have also grown strongly over the last 
few years. In fact, nine months FY22 we have crossed the B2C revenues of FY21 and are on 
course to report our highest ever B2C revenue in FY22. Even in quarter three, we have grown 
by 25% on a year-on-year basis.  
Point number three, we have successfully acquired Hitech and expects synergies to start 
contributing meaningfully over the next few years as we have got from our past acquisition. 
Happy to share that during nine months of FY22 Hitech reported 76 crores of non-COVID 
revenues higher than the full year of FY21. And now on course to deliver its best ever, non-
COVID year.  

 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
Point four, we’ve continued to focus on improving collection efficiency in our business. And 
accordingly, we’re able to bring down our debtors to 31 days a measure of a higher quality of 
business that Metropolis has been enjoying over the past few quarters.  
And point number five, increasing coverage on our home testing business which has now 
covered 103 cities and the non-COVID home visits revenue is now 22% of our B2C business in 
Q3 FY22, which was much smaller, maybe eight quarters ago.  
All the above points are a result of the sustained focus efforts we have put in building a 
sustainable consumer focused scientific lab. We continue to see a long runway of growth for us 
in the diagnostics industry. And therefore it’s important for us to make the investments to further 
strengthen our brand scientific image, test menu, expand our leadership team and on ground 
servicing to increase our consumer connect. These investments have led us to dip slightly in 
EBITDA margins in Q3 along with the deleverage effects on account of loss of revenues due to 
large government contract. As we had indicated in our previous on concall, this is not unexpected 
and as per our guidance. 
Apart from lower government business in Q3 price capping on COVID test, and unseasonal rains 
in a large market impacted the testing volumes. In spite of all these challenges faced we have 
reported healthy normalized EBITDA margins of 27.5%, that is EBITDA before CSR ESOP and 
one time acquisition cost. We expect some of the digital and marketing costs to remain in Q4 
but expect growth in margins in Q4 on account of higher quarter-on-quarter volume growth in 
the government contract and the leverage benefits they’re on. Hence, we expect to close FY22 
at similar levels of normalized EBITDA margins that we recorded in FY21. Happy to share that 
we have onboard a Chief Revenue Officer in the leadership team, who shall identify ways to 
augment revenue from existing business segments as well as identify new growth opportunity. 
This is in line with our focus to strengthen our leadership team and the middle management. We 
will continue to make investments in strengthening our team in a bid to capture market 
opportunity.  
Let me now share with you our growth strategy on Hitech. As we have completed the acquisition 
our focus now will be on time bound into the integration of Hitech within Metropolis. To extract 
synergies on revenue as well as on cost. On the cost fronts we expect to save on raw material 
procurement on the back of increase scale of business. Rationalization and infrastructure 
manpower, logistics and usage of Metropolis IT will lead to optimization and operating 
expenses. This will eventually improve EBITDA margins of Hitech by 3% to 4% points as the 
integration continues. On the branding front at this point, we have decided to go with a dual 
brand strategy in Chennai and a single brand strategy in the rest of Tamil Nadu and Karnataka, 
on the basis of which brand can pull maximum customers. This will lead us to minimalize the 
cannibalization of business in Chennai and at the same time expand the addressable market size 
for both Metropolis and Hitech. 

 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
On the business front, we are planning to launch 100 centers in FY23 for Hitech. Further our 
efforts are to increase the wellness contribution of the business, which currently is low for Hitech 
and has room to expand to the level that Metropolis has of 8%. On the Hitech performance, were 
pleased to share that the revenue is 95 crores in nine months of FY22 and surpassed non-COVID 
revenues of FY21. This trajectory gives us the confidence that Hitech will close FY22 at its best 
possible. Let me quickly touch base upon our thoughts with regards to digital and marketing 
efforts. We are investing in a new tech stack behind the scenes to ensure that the entire ecosystem 
which engages with Metropolis is optimized. This should result in better control over operations, 
faster turnaround time, higher consumer engagement, thereby strengthening the brand profile of 
Metropolis. We are not only working on automation and digitization of consumer connect, but 
also our suppliers, business partners, including doctors, franchisees and the third party patient 
service network. This will require us to make some upfront investments which has happened in 
Q3, and partly in Q4, and we remain confident of the sustained returns over a long period of 
time.  
Look at it like this, the efforts in terms of on ground coverage brand building initiatives and 
technology spends on backend we engaged in FY16 to 19 period yield in benefits in the tough 
period of 20 and 21 not only were be able to run operations, but we were able to penetrate faster 
in terms of home visits services and new tests in a period which was extremely challenging in 
terms of pricing, intensity of different variants, higher than normal volumes and availability of 
skilled technicians and management team. The investments of Q3 and Q4 are somewhat similar 
to creating that backbone for the next level of growth that we envisage in the business.  
To summarize, our near term objectives will be as follows, number one, execute a time bound 
integration of Hitech into Metropolis to extract maximum revenue and cost synergies. Number 
two, continue the network expansion as per the plan of 90 labs in 30 months and 1800 centers 
to penetrate newer geographies as well as strengthen our brand in existing geographies. Invest 
in digital and marketing initiatives and expand the homeless coverage it should eventually drive 
our B2C growth and deepen the leadership and middle management talent to focus more on 
priority areas. Before concluding my part of the speech, I’m pleased to share that the Board of 
Directors have declared an interim dividend of Rs.8 per share. That’s all from my side Vijender 
now will take you through some of the operational parameters.  
Vijender Singh:  
Thank you Ameera and good evening, everyone. Let me talk about the key performance metrics 
which we track for our progress. The first is the revenue share of B2C business, B2C business 
has been one of the core focus areas of Metropolis and we have steadily made progress on that 
front. As also mentioned by Ameera we posted 25% year-on-year growth in B2C non-COVID 
business in quarter three FY22. Our revenue share of B2C business in focus cities for non-
COVID business stood at 59% in nine months, FY22. Our near term target is to reach 65% 
contribution. Our investments in digital marketing and scaling of home visit services are with a 
view to achieve this target. Hitech being a focus B2C player will also aid Metropolis to increase 
the B2C business especially in the focus cities of Chennai and Bangalore. 

 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
Number two specialty test contribution. Metropolis has always adopted the science first 
approach in the business which has led us to become to go to brand for doctors when it comes 
to recommending specialized tests to patients. Specialized test earn higher realization enhances 
profitability and creates a differentiating factor for the company. Our specialized test volume 
and revenue contribution, however has fallen in quarter three FY22 year-on-year due to lower 
volume from the government contract. This has been indicated is a one off event and as volumes 
return we normalize in quarter four. Going ahead, we will continue to focus on research and 
development to introduce newer specialized tests in order to provide value to our customers. For 
the home visit testing business, home visit testing is one of the key growth verticals for 
Metropolis. FY21 has been an extraordinary year for the home visit business as people opted for 
home visits considering the safety and convenience for COVID as well as non-COVID.  
In FY22 we see growth continued from home testing as well from the centers as lockdown 
restrictions were relaxed. Overall revenue from home visit dropped in quarter three FY22 due to 
COVID pricing capping. However, the home testing for non-COVID business remained firm in 
nine months FY22. Home visit revenue for non-COVID stood at Rs.74 crore as against Rs.80 
crore in the whole of FY21. At current run rate, we shall post strong growth in home visits 
revenue for non-COVID in FY22. We believe the growth will come from centers as well as 
home visits for us, and hence our Omni channel strategy we believe is the right way to move 
ahead. Our home visit coverage has now been extended to 103 locations in December 2021 as 
compared to 89 in September 21.  
On digital initiative, we have ramped up the digital initiatives at Metropolis to make us future 
ready and create an all-round digital ecosystem for all our customers, partners as well as doctors. 
Let me highlight few of the initiatives we have taken, number one, we have launched e-
commerce capabilities on a web platform that will allow Metropolis the capability to connect 
with other e-tech players. Number two, we have built a multi-channel interaction capabilities 
across websites, applications, WhatsApp and chat for our customers. Number three, for our 
partners we have built a roadmap to scale up the home visit business. Number four, we are 
digitizing operational processes to improve efficiency and turnaround time. Number five, we are 
providing enhanced capabilities to retail customers like appointment booking, sample tracking, 
et cetera. As a result of these efforts, about Rs.76 crores of revenue came through lead generated 
via digital medium, which is about 8% of nine month FY22 top line. Our target is to reach double 
digit revenue contribution through digital leads by end of FY22 and increase it significantly over 
the next three years.  
Let me now come to operational numbers. I’m pleased to share that we recorded strong 22% 
growth in patient volumes to 3.3 million for quarter three FY22 while number of tests increased 
by 24% year-on-year to 6.3 million in quarter three FY22. However, the revenue per patient for 
non-COVID business dropped by 5% year-on-year to Rs.911 and revenue per test for non-
COVID business dropped by 9% year-on-year to Rs.423. This was primary on account of 
consolidation with Hitech which has lower revenue per patient and revenue per test as compared 
to Metropolis. As they cater to the value end of the market. Lower volumes from government 

 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
contracts also had a negative impact on this which is expected to reverse in quarter four. 
Including COVID revenue per patient has decreased by 13% on year-on-year basis to Rs.898 
and revenue per test has decreased by 14% on year-on-year basis to Rs.462. As COVID test 
prices were much higher last year and were cap downwards towards during the year. Our revenue 
profile among focus reading and other cities stood at follows. Focused cities five cities including 
the city and peripheral area around Metropolis region contributed 64% to the total revenue in 
quarter three of FY22. Seeding cities eight cities including the city and peripheral area around 
the region contributed 18% to the total revenue in quarter three of FY22. Rest of the other cities 
contributed 19% of the revenue in quarter three FY22. With respect to geographic distribution 
revenue contribution from West region was 56%, South contributed 25%, North contributed 7% 
while rest was contributed from East and international locations.  
To conclude from my end, our focus going ahead will continue on ramping up the B2C business 
on the back of investments in digitalization, marketing and expanding the home visit services 
location along with the plan network expansion. On the acquisition front our efforts will be 
focused towards the smooth and quick integration of Hitech operation with Metropolis to drive 
the synergies. That’s all from my side. I will now ask Rakesh to take you through the financials. 
Thank you.  
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Hi, thank you, good evening to everyone on the call. Let me give you a snapshot of our financial 
performance. As mentioned earlier, the Hitech numbers are consolidated with Metropolis with 
effect from 22nd October, the day the acquisition was completed. Quarter three financial year 
22 revenue stood at Rs.293.1 crore as compared to Rs.274.7 crore in quarter three financial year 
21 by 7% year-on-year. Hitech contribution stood at Rs.19.6 crore in quarter three financial year 
22 revenue. Non-COVID business contributed 83% of the revenue while COVID RT PCR 
contributed the rest 17% of the revenue during quarter three. 
 
Non-COVID revenue stood at Rs.244 crore in quarter three financial year 22 as compared to 
Rs.224 crore in quarter three financial year 21 up by 9% Y-o-Y%. COVID RT PCR revenue 
stood at Rs.49 crore in Q3 financial year 22 as compared to Rs.51crore in quarter three financial 
year 21. As COVID test prices are significantly lower this time as compared to last year same 
period even though COVID volume grew significantly in the same period. EBITDA before CSR 
ESOP and one time acquisition cost stood at Rs.80.5 crore in quarter three financial year 22 as 
compared to Rs.90.2 crore in quarter three financial year 21. EBITDA margins for the same 
stood at 27.5% in quarter three financial year 22 as compared to 32.8% in quarter three financial 
year 21. The EBITDA margin drop was led by investment of approximately 17 crore in the 
following. 
Number one, investment in digital initiative which impacted margin by 2.9%. Investment in 
network expansion which impacted margin by 0.5%. COVID led pricing drop impacted margin 
by 0.1% and upfront investment in manpower at corporate and front end considering the growth 
aspiration of the company impacted margin by 0.9%. Accordingly reported PAT stood at Rs.41.2 
crore in quarter three financial year 22 as compared to Rs.58.6 crore in quarter three financial 

 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
year 21. The PAT was also impacted on account of higher financial cost due to high tech 
acquisition which has increased from Rs.1.7 crore in quarter three financial year 21 to Rs.5.8 
crore in quarter three financial year 22.  
Coming to our working capital ratios, our debtor days has significantly improved from 41 days 
in March 21 to 31 days in December 21. Overall working capital days has increased by four days 
in March 21 to 13 days in December 21 on early payment to creditors. OFC to EBITDA stood 
at healthy 77% for nine months financial year 22. Cash and cash equivalent stood at Rs.231 crore 
as of December 21. This includes payment of 336 crore for Hitech acquisition. Total debt drawn 
for the acquisition of Hitech was Rs.300 crore of which we have already repaid 15 crore hence 
current debt stood at Rs.285 crore, we expect to pay the external debt for acquisition within three 
year timeframe. That’s all from my side, we now leave the floor open for Q&A. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Incred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
First question essentially Ameera was, if could help me understand the non-COVID patient 
volume growth. So, I’m looking at a number of 2.42 million which is basically the patient 
volume for 3Q FY20. So, any analysis on a two year CAGR basis, excluding Hitech and 
excluding all COVID allied any like-to-like number, could you help us understand what is the 
CAGR growth we are looking at on non-COVID please, that’s my first question.  
Ameera Shah: 
Rakesh you want to address that? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
You can go ahead with your second question we’ll just quickly come back on that. Can you ask 
the second question?  
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay, so second essentially is on bookkeeping. Could you help us understand some balance 
sheet headline numbers for Hitech. Just before this consolidation happened from 22nd October, 
like networth, net block, cash and goodwill recognize in Metropolis that’s my second question.  
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Sorry, I was looking at the numbers so can you repeat please. So, from a volume point of view 
what you asked is we are growing around 11% CAGR currently. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay, this is like-to-like excluding Hitech, excluding COVID? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
It’s everything, this is absolute like-to-like. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay, cool thank you so much for this and on the headline number for Hitech, networth, net 
block, cash and goodwill recognized? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
So, basically at quarter three we are not publishing our balance sheet. So, this number have been 
formed out and we are in the process of closing these numbers with our internal, external 
auditors. So, this number will get firmed up somewhere in this month and in quarter four results 

 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
when we publish we will give you all the stake up of the cost which has been incurred, and the 
items where it is going. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay. Specifically, I was looking for, if you would help me just one number on depreciation 
amortization, whatever goodwill has been created in Metropolis books, the number was charged 
to the P&L in Q3, is that possible to share?  
Rakesh Agarwal: 
So, basically there is a small amount which will be charged to the P&L because the goodwill as 
per the regulatory requirement is not subject to any depreciation. So, that one information I can 
give you but, in quarter four you will get further information about it, but the amount to which 
has to depreciate will be very small amount.  
Rahul Agarwal: 
Cool, thank you so much. And just one last request, not a question that essentially there was very 
little time gap to analyze a presentation when it’s uploaded to stock exchanges and within this 
call, if you could just have like an hour of gap between these two things, it will help us better to 
analyze and take on meaningful questions. Thank you so much.  
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Fairly point taken. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from Edelweiss Financial. 
Please go ahead.  
Praveen Sahay: 
My first question is the revenue, we can see there is a dip specially in this seeding city revenue, 
it is largely to do with COVID number or non-COVID volume has also impacted their revenue? 
Ameera Shah: 
So there’s a break up of multiple things. The most important thing is number one, which is that 
Q3 is always the weakest quarter of the year. So actually, if you go back and look at the history 
of the industry, not only Metropolis usually we find Q3 as the weakest quarter, even pre-COVID, 
volume drop because as festivals are there Diwali, Dussehra and other festivals, we always see 
the less number of patients. So that’s number one. Number two, we had actually guided in our 
previous concall, that we are expecting lumpiness in our government contracts in Q3 and that 
there will be a sharp decline in volumes in Q3 in government contracts, only because it’s a 
quarter-to-quarter thing nothing else. And therefore, that has obviously impacted in Q3 in terms 
of volumes and in revenue, otherwise the revenues would have been significantly more. The 
third piece is the COVID allied test, which obviously as COVID comes down the COVID allied 
test come down. But overall if you see on the non-COVID piece there is still a positive 
movement. 
Praveen Sahay: 
So it is specific to the seeding city versus your focus and other city because there is a growth 
disparity between the three different geographies. So, I am asking if this like this government 
contract is largely in the seeding cities? 
Ameera Shah: 
No,  the government contracts usually span the whole country, but usually tend to be in smaller 
markets. So actually, you will probably find a bigger difference in the other cities. So usually 

 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
this comes with a large amount in the seeding and the other cities and therefore you may see 
some change of contribution in those two geographies.  
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay, thank you. And next question is, revenue per patient as in the presentation you had 
mentioned for the Metropolis excluding Hitech it’s a Rs.930. So in that sense, the revenue per 
patient for Hitech is much lesser than the Metropolis and if it’s the case, what’s the plan to 
improve those?  
Ameera Shah: 
Each business has it has it’s own positives and negative so, yes number one the Hitech revenue 
per patient is lower than Metropolis because Hitech is more of a lab and there is more routine 
testing. And Metropolis, as we know has a large amount of specialized testing. Now, this creates 
the opportunity that we are able to go back to Hitech customers and actually now be able to 
educate them on specialized tests and be able to increase the amount of specialized tests from 
those customers as well. It also gives us the ability to be able to drive wellness packages more 
in that market. And both these actions could result in a higher revenue per patient and time. But 
obviously, that will not happen immediately in the next one or two quarters. But, over the next 
few years, we will definitely see we believe that we should be able to see the revenue per patient 
moving. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Correct me if I am wrong, is it in the range of around Rs.550 to Rs.600, for Hitech? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Hitech revenue per patient is approximately 700 in Q3, whereas the revenue per patient for MHL 
is around 932. So overall, the revenue per patient is coming to 911 including Hitech. So if we 
look at MHL, we are de-growing by 3% year-on-year on revenue by patient, basically because 
of the government contract, revenue being subdued in this quarter.  
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. And the last question is related to the employee expenses, which have been increased for 
the quarter, is it because of Hitech? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Basically, the employee cost increase from a percentage point of view one contribution is 
because of the revenue going a bit down this quarter that is one reason. And obviously, as we 
mentioned in our presentation, and also in our speech that we are investing a bit on the front end 
and the leadership team so that cost is coming upfront, but obviously we’ll see benefit of it 
coming in the next quarters and time to come.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. Please go 
ahead. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Just first, I’m looking at slide #25, Hitech strategic initiatives. So, in the opening remarks it is 
mentioned we are doing the dual brand strategy but slightly different with a single brand in Tamil 
Nadu and Karnataka exception is Chennai. So what’s the thought process here, how do we 
manage this kind of integration and also, October 22nd to now how was your experience been 
when you look at Hitech, how it’s been performing related to your expectations while you’re 
doing your due diligence? 

 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
Ameera Shah: 
Thanks for the question Shyam. So let me start by answering the second question first. Probably 
been about three months now and obviously, we’ve been busy in not only in closing formalities 
and also the basics of when you do an acquisition in terms of making sure that your compliances, 
your billing, all of your bank statements, all of those things are getting completely aligned. So 
all of that has been done, we have also initiated some of our synergy plans on the cost side, in 
the first three months and those are well on track, we had already made a very detailed integration 
plan, pre-acquisition of planning what we will do in the first three months, six months, nine 
months, et cetera. And as of now, for the first three months, we are on track with our plan, there 
have not been any surprises at this point of time or anything, we have discovered post entry 
because our diligence and spend time on the understanding of the business was fairly good. So 
that’s on that piece.  
On the second piece, which is on the question around the strategy and the brand around it. The 
idea is that majority of the business of Hitech is in Chennai. And as we all had already mentioned, 
Metropolis is the number one player in Chennai and Hitech is the number two player in Chennai. 
And the idea is that there is a different positioning that both these brands have in terms of pricing, 
in terms of the kind of testing they do, and what are the strengths in the mind of the consumer 
and the doctor. And the idea is not at this point is to put everything together, but the idea is to 
leverage the strength of each brand in the market of Chennai. So together, we continue to have 
the leading market share in Chennai, which is close to now about 25% to 30%. So the idea is to 
expand both, and that’s what we will be doing for the next few years. On the backend however, 
we are looking at opportunities to say how do we not duplicate cost and how do we not duplicate 
capabilities in both brands and Chennai. So while on the backend we are working at synergizing, 
on the front end we are continuing to expand both as independent brands. As far as rest of Tamil 
Nadu and Karnataka, in both these markets, we have found rest to Tamil Nadu especially we 
found a good overlapping of cities as well and we felt that in neither of these markets do we 
have enough of a volume in either brand to just continue to brand and it made more sense to 
actually bring the two together and have one brand strategy that we go ahead with. And we found 
that the positioning and the pricing was not very different either and therefore it would be easier 
to do. So in Karnataka and in ROTN we are going with a single brand strategy while in Chennai, 
for the time being we are going with the dual brand strategy. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Got it, very helpful just in the 95 crore nine month Hitech. How much is coming from Chennai?  
Ameera Shah: 
I don’t have an exact number for you. But majority would be for coming from Chennai, maybe 
about 70%, 75%, 80%.  
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Yes, absolutely, between 70% to 75%. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Got it. Last point on this particular thing, margins expected to grow by 3%, 4% for Hitech. So 
is it the combination of things that you just said, or is there more on the cost that we can do in 
terms of synergies or can you help us explain how we improve margins, and what is current 
margins for Hitech? 

 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
Ameera Shah: 
So, traditionally Hitech has had sort of pre-acquisition, the margins were close to Metropolis 
margin around the same 28% approximately, so similar margin profiles, what we often find in 
these acquisitions of smaller players or regional players, we have obviously not invested as 
effectively in technology in quality of team in processes and systems. And therefore, usually 
when an acquisition is done, the buyer does need to make certain investments and making sure 
that not only compliances. But also processes and system are invested into to handle scale. On 
the flip side, there are some cost savings efficiencies and lever which can be pulled, in a short 
timeframe, that also gives some cost savings. So we have to look at the net, net of this when we 
are talking about sort of margin expansion. And the third part is obviously as we continue to 
expand when we hire teams, and we hire and we build centers and all of that, initially it will be 
investment rather than immediate revenue. And therefore that will also play out and which is 
why we said that we believe that there is a margin expansion. But we don’t want to at this point, 
push ourselves to try and achieve that margin expansion in the next quarter. Because the focus 
at this point should be more about putting the right processes systems and the revenue and growth 
rather than just saving cost. And so we believe that we can get to these margin numbers soon 
and that’s the goal. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pooja Bhatia from Morgan Stanley. Please go 
ahead. 
Pooja Bhatia: 
So my first question is on network expansion Ameera 30 labs and 600 centers for this year, looks 
like a lot of the deals in the pipeline have been bunched up to Q4. So, is it only due to COVID 
or are there any changes and negotiations in the terms? 
Ameera Shah: 
So actually we only announced the strategy Pooja, in July sometime. So really, it’s been only 
six months of energy and effort by the team. And very surprisingly, we’ve already managed to 
do about, eight, nine centers in this last six months, and there are another, if not mistaken about 
10 centers planned for Q4, which are already in progress and getting launched as we speak. So 
this year, we should be able to do about 20 labs, and the estimation of about 500, 600 centers 
collection centers. And next year, the idea would be to do about 30 labs, and similarly around 
600 centers. And then the balance, in the third year period, we are very much on track as far as 
our plan, because obviously we built a new team to execute this. So we never expected that we 
will do 30 labs in the first year, we always planned that we would do about 20 because we only 
had nine months of the year to actually execute.  
Pooja Bhatia: 
Understood. And how are the terms of the agreement generally, revenue share, profit share? 
Ameera Shah: 
These are a combination of green fields and what we call is lab on lease. The green fields 
obviously just our own lab, so we are paying rent and starting labs in these locations. So there’s 
really no revenue share or profit share. In the lab on lease model these are all long term 
agreements, where there is a revenue share on the existing business that they hand over plus a 
lesser revenue share on the new business that’s generated. But all these are obviously long term 
contracts.  

 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
Pooja Bhatia: 
That’s helpful. On Q4 generally, seasonally it is a better quarter so this time, it could be different 
given that there is the Omicron outbreak. So how is the core business done so far in the first few 
days of this Q4, both on the acute and the chronic side, routine and centralized? 
Ameera Shah: 
As you rightly said, obviously during the wave obviously the non-COVID business does get 
temporarily impacted. And that’s obviously what has happened in January. But, this time 
Omicron being obviously a very easily transmissible but not a very severe disease, I don’t think 
it’s been as sort of deeper shock as it was a couple of waves before. And therefore, quarter four 
should still be a fair quarter, it’s still a bit early to sort of comment on whether it will be very 
good or not, it would be too presumptuous to mention that at this point. I don’t know Rakesh, 
Vijender if you want to add anything to that? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
sSo generally obviously we have seen it’s more or less normal and as January was also impacted 
by COVID third wave. So we have seen some fluctuation in the numbers. And obviously, it’s 
again too early as rightly said by Ameera that we need to really get more deep into February to 
understand the whole quarter. So, that’s how I will put it. 
Pooja Bhatia: 
Okay. And last one from my side on the digital front, is the cash burn 40 to 50 million a quarter, 
is this number correct and how does this go going forward?  
Ameera Shah: 
Rakesh, do you have a specific comment on that? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Yes. So, basically this is actually not cash burn, because we are investing this money into our 
digital initiatives. So, we have invested some 4, Rs.4.5 crore extra in quarter three and which are 
giving us good result as we are getting more leads. And on that basis, we will see more 
conversion happening in future and obviously revenue increasing not on a paid marketing but 
on our organic marketing. So, that is how we are looking for future that we are investing this 
now to bring people on board and then maybe these people will then hook to us and then keep 
coming to us again and again. So that is how we are looking at it so from an investment point of 
view, we have done this 4.5 crore extra investment in marketing. And this will continue to some 
extent as also guided by in the earning call that we will keep investing some amount every 
quarter so that we can get more-and-more leads and more-and-more customer into our digital 
platform.  
Ameera Shah: 
And some of this is while of course a lot of it is marketing, but some of it is also just in building 
the platform, the cost associated with doing digital in general. So whether some of it goes into 
the cost of technology, some of it is the cost of the people, cost of setting up new processes, et 
cetera. And of course a lot of it is in digital market.  
Pooja Bhatia: 
Operationally, how is the website views been in the last quarter any update on that, is it grown 
on? 

 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
Ameera Shah: 
We’ve put a slide actually in the presentation on the traffic, et cetera. And we are seeing 
definitely a growth quarter-to-quarter as far as the website traffic as well as the increase in 
digital.  
Rakesh Agarwal: 
You can just see this nine month update we have already given so this is 276% increase in digital 
users. So we’ve increased our digital users coming to our website is increased by 276% and there 
is a 297% increase on the website views nine month. So this is the kind of increase we are seeing 
in the numbers of visitors in the website. 
Pooja Bhatia: 
And this imply double shift contribution revenue front by Q4? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Yes, so we are looking seeing an 8%, 8.5% of contribution to the top line from digital which is 
increasing every quarter. So we are expecting that this should go to the double digit by the end 
of this year and maybe we are higher, we will step up the number of gain much higher in the 
next year.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead.  
Tushar Manudhane: 
Just again on the margin front by considering the initiatives on the digital fronts plus considering 
the aggressive addition of labs as well as addition of the manpower. How do you see the margin 
profile and plus, at the same time we have the Hitech synergy as well, parallelly going on. So 
how do you see the margin profile for let’s say, next couple of years? 
Ameera Shah: 
If you look at pre COVID, our margin was approximately 27% odd and it was during COVID, 
of the year of FY21, and 22, where it of course increased more significantly, largely because of 
the additional volumes that are coming in through COVID into the existing infrastructure. Also 
the other reason was that we worked on a lot of cost efficiency on the back end. And we also 
managed to save a lot of cost which are very sustainable in nature. So overall, the actions that 
we took in 21, and 22 have been very helpful to expand the margin. And we are now using those 
same savings to actually really reinvest in the business to expand for the next growth, because 
at the end of the day, in business, there’s always going to be a choice to say that look, should I 
focus on revenue at this point of time, should I focus on margins at this point of time. And while 
we focus on margins the last couple of years, we think it’s time now to refocus on revenue 
without really compromising margins significantly. So like, what are the things there is 
obviously also a lot of competition in the sector. And therefore, it’s important that we build out 
the digital space, it’s important that we, continuously keep advancing our services towards 
excellence, we make things easier for the consumer, and at the same time expand our footprint 
all across. So, generally that’s the direction we are going in, and the profit margin of 2021 and 
22, as he had always said was an elevated the profit margin, but we think going forward, it will 
be at a more normalized level, as we have seen on a more conceptual basis.  

 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Got it and secondly on this e-commerce side, while we have our own digital platform, but are 
we also thinking of providing as a portfolio or as a package of service on the websites in terms 
as a marketplace per se? 
Ameera Shah: 
Absolutely we are already tied up or tying up with players in the health ecosystem and 
participating in the digital growth on the phone. So that is a part of the journey as well on the 
digital side. It’s not only about what consumers come to us, but it’s about how we can partner 
with others in the health ecosystem, and if we are generating consumers how we can support 
them from a pathology and diagnostics system. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madanagopal Ramu from Sundaram Alternates. 
Please go ahead.  
Madanagopal Ramu: 
If I look at the non-COVID business for the current quarter, and if we remove, you mentioned 
that digital contributed 10%. So probably it would have come year-on-year basis, the base 
business seems to have been flat almost. Is there any loss of market share due to the new age 
companies coming in and competing with us, because at any point we would have expected at 
least a mid-teen or low teens sort of a growth in the base business to continue? 
Ameera Shah: 
There are two, three things happening in the industry right. Firstly, digital and offline are all 
obviously going to feed off each other. Because finally usually anytime you see the industry has 
come together it’s never going to be completely additional, it’s the same patient who’s now also 
exploring digital as a means to, so when we say we are acquiring a consumer through digital, all 
it doesn’t mean that it has degraded our offline days, because it’s all the same, today if somebody 
wants to do anything go into a store or go to a lab, the first thing they do is Google it and say 
okay, what’s the closest location to me, and I’ll go and click there. And book an appointment 
online, and I’ll walk in. Now, we would count that as a digital acquisition because it’s come 
from our website, but it could have been already a patient which has already been coming to us 
offline so we don’t see these worlds are separate. These are worlds that are all going to get 
completely infiltrated. So, we are not internally separating them and saying that, this is the 
offline business slash and online business is growing. So we would urge you to also look at them 
as a more integrated model because that’s how it’s going to be in the future. And that’s how our 
lives are today actually. So, overall therefore we don’t track them really separately. The only 
reason that we are even talking about the KPI of acquisition through digital channels is just for 
our own distance to say that we are investing into digital to make life easier for the consumer. 
And are we getting increased traffic volume through the digital channels as well. And of course, 
as we understand that, the more we are able to move through the digital channel, actually in 
many ways it reduces the administrative cost, that it goes into catering to a patient on certain 
things you can reduce your call center, you can reduce your other administrative costs if people 
are digitally engaging with you. So, the tracking is more for that reason, rather than separating 
them from a revenue perspective.  

 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
Madanagopal Ramu: 
No, actually the question was that, like with these digital initiatives and our investments into 
them, and we were seeing also traffic coming through. But that is not leading to any superior 
growth, then what we would have probably seen in the business, that’s what is worrying. That’s 
what we wanted to ask. 
Ameera Shah: 
Look, the question is, what is the benchmark in the mind and the benchmark clearly cannot be 
digital first company, because they follow a very different form of acquisition of customer. So 
if tomorrow for example we had unlimited funding and no worries about losses, it will be very 
easy to scale up the business, because you can go and buy revenue. But if you want to do it in a 
manner where you’re still making profit, and you still are getting a customer who’s sticky, then 
obviously the growth is never going to be at 50%, 70% number. So, really the question is about 
choosing strategically the choices of saying that even though we are on a digital platform, we 
want to acquire customers that are sticky, that are willing to pay, and they are not just coming to 
you because you’re throwing freebies at them. And so that’s not the strategy that we’re 
following. And therefore we don’t expect to see crazy growth, just because of the digital channel. 
Because your way of attracting the customer is still disciplined and good quality.  
Madanagopal Ramu: 
Sure. The second question is on the Hitech, I don’t know whether you mentioned this, what is 
the current utilization level for the existing labs?  
Ameera Shah: 
I don’t think we have that number today. But if the question is more around, does it need a lot 
of CAPEX or does it need a lot of expansion and capacity the answer is no.  
Madanagopal Ramu: 
But my question is more about, is there a larger scope for utilization you mentioned it better lab 
utilization. So just wanted to judge like how much of capacity is available.  
Ameera Shah: 
We don’t have the test wise capacity utilization, that comment comes more from the fact that 
the variety of tests done in Hitech is quite good. But the volume of tests is not proportionate 
across the different test. So there are certain tests in which the volumes are very high. And there 
are many tests in which the volumes are very low. And so therefore, there will be different levels 
of capacity utilization for each test. But we don’t have a test by test today.  
Madanagopal Ramu: 
Okay. In the same slide we have mentioned, margins are expected to grow 3% to 4% this is for 
Hitech, is what the target is right? 
Ameera Shah: 
That’s right. 
Madanagopal Ramu: 
So, the benefits of adding new centers and the labs that we are doing probably, as another caller 
also asked you probably it happened more towards the second half of the calendar year, we will 
see those benefits coming through over the next say one year, because I understand these labs 
are not immediately going to throw big volumes, it takes time.  
Ameera Shah: 
The labs that we had setup this year will give obviously some benefit next year. But like you 
rightly said this is more about setting you’re feeding a market, and that will help you over the 

 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
next sort of three to five years or 10 years. And because you’re entering the new markets 
completely, so there will be obviously some revenue kicker, but considering the volume will be 
small, even after 20 new labs, it may not impact your overall numbers in a drastic way. So, as 
we do 90 labs over this next three year period in 1800 centers together, when that infrastructure 
is completely built, it will obviously add a good revenue kicker for the next few years. But 
obviously, just the 20 labs and 600 centers may not give you that overall big kicker, because the 
volume will not be significant.  
Madanagopal Ramu: 
So, finally we should start sticking any benefit of those from a FY24 probably to other 
meaningful numbers if at all? 
Ameera Shah: 
Yes, the benefits will obviously come from year one. But the question is on what the assumptions 
in each year are. So, maybe we can come back to you guys with what are sort of the broader 
historic trends that we are seeing, one thing which we are clearly seeing is that, we’re doing this 
in a very focused manner, we are able to see a faster breakeven than we used to see in the past. 
So in the past when we used to start a Greenfield lab, one we had maximum done on the five, 
six labs ever in the history of Metropolis in a year. And we’ve already done obviously, like we 
said in the last six months, we’ve already done eight, nine, and there’s another 10 coming. So 
that would be the fastest escalation and opening of labs, but more importantly, the way they are 
being done, the compliance quality, standardization and the breakeven, is expected to be 
achieved much faster.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from IIFL Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
Rahul Jain: 
Can you please quantify the impact which the lower government business had on our overall 
volumes during the quarter. So we indicated that our non-COVID volumes on a like to like basis 
have grown 11% on a two year CAGR basis. So what this number could have been, if all 
government business was not impacted? 
Ameera Shah: 
We are not giving the breakup of all this business at this point of time, for competitive and 
confidentiality reasons. So as we mentioned, the core business if you keep aside all the other 
pieces, we’re still doing well, and it grew to 25% year-on-year.  
Rahul Jain: 
Sure, ma’am and with respect to the government business, do you expect this business to 
normalize fully in fourth quarter or would it take us a few quarters before the business stabilizes? 
Ameera Shah: 
Yes, it has normalized, the end of January.  
Rahul Jain: 
Okay. And with respect to some of these initiatives, or investments on the digital and the 
leadership team, do you think or what quantum of these investments could sustain going into 
next year FY23. And you have guided that the company at this point in time is prioritizing 
revenue growth over profitability. So going forward, can we see, because of these initiatives, as 

 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
well as the organic network expansion plans, which we have our revenue growth for going 
forward could be higher than the mid-teens, which we have delivered in the past? 
Ameera Shah: 
I don’t think we had a point to be able to give guidance at this point of time on revenue and 
profit, what I can tell you is two, three things. One thing is as we said that the market in general, 
is obviously getting more competitive, it has been for the last couple of years. So, with COVID, 
a lot of new entrants, a lot of new players on the tech side, as well as on the offline side. And 
therefore it’s very important that as leaders in incumbent we continue to up the game, not only 
from a talent perspective, from a services perspective to make sure that the moat around the 
business is really strong. So we are doing that, because that’s what needed to do from the 
business perspective, in the short term, and in the medium and long term.  
Second of all, the point I made about margins was only about saying that FY21 and 22. Were 
normally, a very high margin because of all the main things we had mentioned before. And these 
margins are obviously not going to be sustainable going forward. But our attempt is going to be 
to make sure that our pre-COVID margins which were also extremely healthy, is what we try to 
sort of sustain and continue to maintain. So, the idea is not to really compromise margins in any 
very significant way. But the focus is to say, how do we continue to make customers delighted, 
happy, excited, in the short and medium term and how do we put the ingredients in place to drive 
the revenue. Difficult to comment at this point of time as to what the revenue will come out to 
be because there are a lot of moving parts also in the industry.  
Rahul Jain: 
Okay, but on the margin side you are saying that despite these incremental investments, we 
should sustain our pre-COVID margins?  
Ameera Shah: 
Yes, that’s what we are attempting to do.  
Rahul Jain: 
And do you think that this 300 to 400 basis points of margin improvement, which we are 
targeting from Hitech, that can help us to improve our overall margin profile, despite these 
incremental investments? 
Ameera Shah: 
Well, 300 and 400 basis points on Hitech will obviously not give a huge increment on MHL 
overall, because Hitech itself is not a very large percentage of Metropolis so overall, net, net we 
have taken the benefits expected from certain areas and the certain from costs and investments 
and therefore we said that keeping in mind the balance of certain things and where we have to 
invest the benefits and the cost, we think that the goal will be to try and sustain pre COVID 
margin.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sayantan Maji from Credit Suisse. Please go 
ahead.  
Sayantan Maji: 
So, I have one question. So, when we say that we plan to launch 100 centers in FY23 for Hitech, 
so this is quite a fast expansion. So, where are these centers coming up so, will it be in Chennai 

 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
or will it be in the other markets and secondly, will it help in increasing the growth trajectory of 
Hitech which has been at a high single digit, if you look at on a three or four year basis? 
Ameera Shah: 
Vijender you want to take that? 
Vijender Singh:  
First of all, these 100 centers could be across Tamil Nadu, this includes Chennai, peripheral 
markets and rest of Tamil Nadu.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anubhav Agarwal from Credit Suisse. Please 
go ahead. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Sorry, for two of us asking questions. Just a clarity, I joined call a little late, but clearly employee 
cost which increased by 10 crore per quarter. How much of it would have come from Hitech 
integration can you talk about that?  
Rakesh Agarwal: 
So, we will give you a bifurcation right now, out of 10 crore almost 40% increase is because of 
the Hitech piece around 4 crore and rest of the increase has come from MHL. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Okay. And this 4 to 4.5 crore that you are spending on digital, first of all very basic question so 
far for as a CAPEX, how much you invested for this digital initiative so far. So how much is the 
CAPEX so far and how much is the impact on the P&L from a digital initiative can you talk 
about both the number? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
So CAPEX number we are still work in progress a lot of things is happening. So we will firm 
up our number and in quarter four, we will give you the exact number of CAPEX what we 
invested in IT, digital, infrastructure and all. So, just wait for the quarter to sum up, let us sum 
up the whole number, and then we’ll give you the perspective, from OPEX point of view, as we 
rightly said we have spent some 4, 4.5 crore in the quarter that includes basically the cost on 
some consultancy, which we have taken for the digital part that also involve the digital marketing 
cost which we are incurring and that also involves some manpower cost which will incur for 
digital piece. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Can you just talk about the digital marketing that you guys are seeing, honestly as a customer, 
when I go for test, I haven’t seen too many ads from Metropolis on the digital division? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
So, we are basically more investing into the website where we are getting share of the Google 
and other sites, which probably is when you search the search engine, and then you get to know 
about the Metropolis coming in the first place, we are more getting into that space of search 
engine.  
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Okay. And when you talk about additional front end staff, sorry I have joined the call a little 
late. You mentioned about Chief Revenue Officer, et cetera. So what kind of additions have you 
talked about, have you done in the team, other than Chief Revenue Officer, any more important 
position that you want to enumerate over there. 

 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Yes, so apart from Chief Revenue Officer, we have added some more people into our digital 
space, two or three people have joined in digital space in this quarter. Obviously, we have guided 
that we have added a lot of people in the front end because we want to strengthen our sales force 
in the front end team. So mainly the investments are going into digital space and obviously the 
leadership team we have added CRO and the lab obviously we are also strengthening our lab 
operations. So, these are the three areas where we are building up our teams. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
And what’s the timeline, you will be rolling out your app, the new app? 
Ameera Shah: 
The new app is already ready actually; we are just waiting for approval of the App Store to put 
it on. They have come up with some new regulations in the past two months. Otherwise, 
everything is ready so hopefully it’s a matter of weeks. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay Jain from Jain Capital. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Jain: 
I just had one question. How do you look at FY23 in terms of growth?  
Ameera Shah: 
How do we look at it in terms of growth. Well, we will continue to expand the geographical 
expansion as we discussed, we’ll continue to do all the engagement with consumers, continue to 
you know build the product line. All the activities that we mentioned we are going to do and the 
growth revenue, growth will always be an outcome obviously of that.  
Akshay Jain: 
Any number that you’d like to put to that? 
Ameera Shah: 
No, giving a guidance on revenue at this point or ever it doesn’t make sense, frankly. So, we 
should go more by sort of looking at what are the inputs and how historically Metropolis has 
performed and we will stick with that.  
Akshay Jain: 
Just another question. What is the estimated CAPEX for next two years, a ballpark number 
would also be fine?  
Rakesh Agarwal: 
So in last two years, if you look at we have spent some around 25 crore to 30 crore of CAPEX, 
and as we said that this year we have intensified a bit of our network expansions, we have also 
invested some in digital, we have also invested some money in the infrastructure up gradation. 
So overall, we are looking at around 30%, 40% increase in our CAPEX, which was happening 
earlier in last two years. And that is how the run rate should continue in next one or two years.  
Moderator:   
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Nair from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Prashant Nair: 
Just one question on the digital expenses that you mentioned. So, is this kind of a new normal in 
terms of expenses or do you think some of these will go away after the initial spending?  

 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Yes, so basically as I said, that we are just trying to invest into the digital space to have more 
and more clicks in to our website and get more consumers into our fold. So we will continue 
investing this maybe whatever we have invested in Q3, maybe Q4 will see a bit of a lesser 
investment overall. But this investment is something which will go on for some quarters before 
we get into a situation where we feel that organically, we are now growing really well, because 
of this investment. So, this is a matter of two, three, four quarters where we keep investing, into 
this digital space and then reap the benefit in the coming future.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Incred Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Rahul Agarwal: 
Ameera, just one question on Hitech. So on as a basis, I assume that Hitech was a very well run 
and a mature lab. And, if network utilization at pretty fair levels the expansion, the growth we’re 
talking about, as analysts we should look at growth purely from a top line angle for high tech 
going forward purely because you guys are putting up new center. And that I think is more 
Metropolis driven, rather than Hitech driven or should I look at margin improvements more 
coming because of cost synergies because you don’t need to replicate lot of stuff which they 
were doing because they’re two separate entities. So could you help me understand this thing 
please. Thank you. 
Ameera Shah: 
When you say it is already a mature entity, it was mature from the perspective that the centers 
that they had started many, many years ago, will obviously now not give  superior growths in 
terms of same store so those would have matured from an aging perspective and therefore 
building new infrastructure, new centers is necessary to give sort of say additional growth and 
that’s what the goal is, is that okay, while you may have certain level of basic stable growth 
coming from the existing center, how do you ramp it up and you build new infrastructure to do 
that. And still at that obviously, build new collection centers to do that, and still continue to feed 
it with your existing lab infrastructure which still has capacity to sustain us. In terms of the 
margin expansion, it will come from the areas that we will make investments, we will make 
investment in technology, we will make investment in manpower because usually these regional 
labs do not operate at a mature management level. They operate as single operators by the 
pathologist who earlier run them, so they have no management teams, et cetera. So you have to 
build the talent to now scale it. So there will be investment and management, there’ll be 
investment in technology. There’ll be investment in upping services and in quality of 
infrastructure, the front end services, for example, for patients, and obviously to make sure that 
everything is compliant, and as per system and process of Metropolis and governance.  
On the positive side in terms of the cost savings, the cost savings for large amount will come 
from material costs, because obviously we get economies of scale in terms of purchasing and 
negotiation cost of Metropolis which can be also applied there. And some benefits which will 
come by integrating the backend facility. So that’s what we are saying that the margin expansion 
will come through a combination of these factors. 

 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Right. So essentially that means that the current infrastructure and the patient network essentially 
was organically also underutilized apart from the old age lab or collection centers, maybe even 
the staff would have opened our last three, four years. It’s still not to the market, and hence, that 
is where we can actually come in and get it to par. Is that understanding correct? 
Ameera Shah: 
When you say not up to the mark, you mean revenue wise, or you mean infrastructure?  
Rahul Agarwal: 
No, infrastructure wise. So, as in terms of you said tech investment, manpower, upping quality 
of infra, more compliance, and hence you get more scale from the same lab. So, basically trying 
to ramp up the SSSG for stuff which will open like last three, four years that’s what I mean.  
Ameera Shah: 
No, so see last three, four years, for example Hitech has not opened much anything the total 
number of centers they have is approximately 40 center of which majority of them would be 
much earlier. So it’s not like there was a big network built in the last three, four years, every 
year, they were opening maybe two centers or three centers. So therefore, it’s not that there is a 
very young network, which can be now leveraged by amping up the front end, we have to build 
network. So that’s what we are saying is that we’ll build the network and then amp up the sales 
compared to what they were able to do on their own before, by one building the network and 
hopefully improving the way the sales is done in terms of sales. So, the revenue benefits will 
definitely accrue to us. But obviously, there is a gestation period in building the network and 
accelerating the sales excellence, to be able to get.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints that was the last question for today. I 
now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments.  
Ameera Shah: 
Thank you everybody for joining us today. As we talked about there are a lot of exciting things 
happening in the company, not only with us transforming ourselves with new technology, new 
ways of operating through new channels, and also our expansion network. Overall, we feel as 
an organization that going through a big transformation and obviously, as we go through a big 
transformation, there will be huge number of opportunities, and investments that we will have 
to do to make sure that we are able to really transform ourselves to become the organization of 
the future. So at this point of time, as we said while we continue to be very hopeful and work 
very hard on making sure that we maintain margins as pre COVID. The goal will be to try and 
see how do we really compete, not only from a short term or long term, how do we continue to 
focus on revenue and how do we continue to build a good quality business, which is sticky, and 
which really stays with Metropolis and is worthy of the brand that we are building over the times 
to come. It’s very easy sometimes to go into markets and throw money at consumers and 
customers and get quick business. But we believe that’s not really the right strategy to grow. 
And the right strategy to grow is to do it in a disciplined, sustainable manner that truly gives us 
long term value. And make sure that we get the customer who values the brand and therefore is 
willing to pay the price for getting the best quality of report available in the country. I’ll leave 
you with that and thank you, all of you for attending today.  

 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
Moderator:  
Thank you members of the management. On behalf of Centrum Broking Limited that concludes 
the conference call. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
