 
February 24, 2022
To 
To 
The Manager 
The Manager 
The Department of Corporate Services
The Listing Department
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalai Street, Mumbai — 400 001 
Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 531147 
Scrip Symbol: ALICON 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Investor Conference Call 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of conference call with analysts, which took place                          
on February 16, 2022. The said transcript is also uploaded on website of the Company.  
We request you to kindly take the above information on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Alicon Castalloy Ltd 
 
Swapnal Patane 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
Alicon Castalloy Limited 
Q3-FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 16, 2022 
 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good day and Welcome to the Q3 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call of Alicon Castalloy Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR India. Thank you and over 
to you, Sir. 
Mayank Vaswani: 
Thank you, Margaret. Good day, everyone and thank you for joining us on Alicon 
Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 earnings conference call. We have with us on the call 
today Mr. Rajeev Sikand – Group CEO; Mr. Vimal Gupta – Group CFO; Mr. Shekhar 
Dravid – Chief Operating Officer of Alicon Castalloy Limited; Mr. Andreas Heim, 
Managing Director of Illichmann Castalloy; and Rajiv Gupta, Head of Domestic 
Business of Alicon Castalloy Limited. 
                                          
Mr. Vimal Gupta will cover the financial performance for the quarter, following 
which  
Mr. Dravid will walk us through the operating highlights. In order to share a more 
granular view of the initiatives towards both the global and domestic markets, we 
also have Mr. Andreas Haim and Mr. Rajiv Gupta to provide insights on these 
areas. Following which our Group CEO Mr. Rajeev Sikand will give us a brief 
summary of the quarter gone by. Thereafter, we shall open the forum for a Q&A 
session.  

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 2 of 24 
                                          
Before we begin, I would like to point out some of the statements made in today's 
call, maybe forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been 
included in the earnings presentation shared with all of you earlier.  
                                          
I would now like to hand over the floor to Mr. Vimal Gupta for his opening remarks. 
Over to you, sir.  
Vimal Gupta:  
Good morning to all our investors. I hope that all of you and your near and dear 
ones are safe and well. Thank you for taking the time out to join our earnings call. 
We have reported a steady performance in Q3FY22 and delivered continued 
improvement each quarter through the year-to-date period this fiscal. This 
quarter witnesses several macro challenges coming together and intensifying. 
Alicon faced and combated four such key challenges, which we have termed as 4 
‘C’s. The first ‘C’ is Corona being the impact on our operations on account of the 
third wave of the COVID-19 pandemic, which impacted overseas operations from 
mid-September and resulted in muted demand in domestic markets, especially in 
the later half of December.  
                                          
The second ‘C’ is Semi-Conductor as the chip shortages and supply chain 
constraints, which persisted during the period impacting volumes for the 
Automotive industry across the globe, especially in high end vehicles, and high 
value addition parts. This in turn, moderated our sales performance during the 
quarter.  
                                         
 The third ‘C’ was a Cost based inflation, wherein we saw higher input material 
costs on account of the inflationary trends and even increased freight and logistic 
costs, led by supply chain issues. And the fourth ‘C’ was the Cost of new product 
development. However, with rapid change underway due to EV evolution and light 
weighting, which has come with only a short gap from the switch from BS4 to BS6, 
the product life cycles are shortened.  
                                          
Overall the quarter was marked by these four key challenges and despite this non-
linearity, we delivered steady top line in the quarter with consolidated revenues 
from operations at Rs.  278.9 crore, higher by 4.2% over the immediately 
preceding quarter.  

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 3 of 24 
                                          
Four Cs impacted profitability too, especially the continuous increase in 
commodity prices, along with inflated freight costs and costs towards new product 
development, which resulted in higher expenses during the quarter. However, our 
sustained cost reduction initiatives using Kaizen principle enabled cost reduction 
at micro level across our operations. This was supported by slightly enriched 
product mix as we were able to increase the volume of higher margin products.  
                                          
Like we had indicated last quarter, we have been working collaboratively with our 
customers to undertake price corrections and have successfully passed on some 
part of increased costs. The combination of these above factors have helped us to 
support margin performance This has been building results with our margins 
coming in stable at 12.1% in Q3FY22. Another aspect to keep in mind is that the 
alloy prices are passed through for us but higher prices elevate the denominator. 
So even when absolute EBITDA remains intact, EBITDA margins will naturally 
reduce due to higher denominator.  
                                         
 In Q3FY22, the impact of higher denominator has led to EBITDA margin reducing 
by over a percent and had alloy prices been stable, we would have reported an 
EBITDA margin in excess of 13% this quarter. 
                                         
 While the margins were lower by 40 BPS year-on-year, on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis they are higher by 268 bps, compared to quarter three last year. So overall, 
the impact of our margins has been largely contained despite the combination of 
challenges we faced this quarter.  
Another highlight to note here is that all our operating costs are directly controlled 
and optimized across our business model. Even when the operating environment 
normalizes, we do not anticipate significant increase in the cost model going 
forward.  
                                         
 Overall, the gross margin stood at 50.1% in Q3 FY 22. Our EBITDA stood at Rs. 33.8 
crore. Profit after tax during the quarter stood at Rs. 12.1 crore, with our 
continuous focus, as cost pressure stabilizes we expect our EBITDA margins to 
return to pre-COVID a level of 14% to 15%.  

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 4 of 24 
On the operational front, in Q3FY22, our factories in India and Europe did not face 
any mandated lockdown, despite the disruptions due to third wave. We continue 
to do our best to ensure we create and maintain a strict workplace for our people. 
Despite the cost pressures and supply chain disruption, we are focused on ongoing 
improvements. We witnessed a sharp increase in alloy prices, which had a 
resultant impact on cost of inventory and on debtors. However, we were able to 
drive greater efficiencies, which had enabled us to actually improve the working 
capital days despite these pressures. We expect this to stabilize going forward. 
                                          
During the quarter, we have reported steady cash flow from operation. The 
conclusion of equity raised through QIP and preferential issue as further help 
enhance our liquidity and balance sheet of position. On the balance sheet front 
our net debt has been maintained around Rs. 200 crore to Rs. 250 crore and the 
net debt to equity ratio remains comfortable at 0.55x.  
As you would recollect, last quarter we had discussed that we have deferred our 
CapEx for FY’22 to due to the uncertain macro environment led by COVID-19 
disruption. So, we had Rs. 90 Crore at the start of the FY’22, but we mostly would 
be closing this fiscal year around Rs. 55 crore to Rs. 60 crore. More importantly, 
this CapEx has been utilized towards upgrading capabilities and elevating end of 
process capabilities, such as finishing and machining. Thus, we have leveraged our 
unutilized capacity at the backend and deployed capital towards value addition in 
the front end of the process enabling us to deliver greater value creation for 
customers enabling margin addition.  
                                          
The balance of Rs. 30 crore to Rs. 35 crore which is deferred CapEx for the FY ‘22 
along with fresh capex to the tune of Rs. 60 crore, will be invested towards growth 
in FY23. Resulting in cumulative CapEx of Rs. 90 crore next year. We anticipate a 
normalized operating environment in FY ‘23 and expect faster recovery.  
                                          
To summarize, we have reported resilient performance during the quarter despite 
the disruptions in the automobile industry. We continue to operate a healthy 
financial profile and strong balance sheet. In a normalized environment we look 
forward to building on this further.  

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 5 of 24 
On that note, I would like now to hand over to Mr. Shekhar Dravid, who will talk 
about operating highlights for the quarter. 
Shekhar Dravid:  
Thank you, Vimal. Greetings to all. I trust all of you are well and staying safe. The 
trends in the domestic auto industry continued to be a mixed bag. While we saw 
strong demand and higher consumptions in the market led by festive and holiday 
season. Inflationary trends in the global markets and a touch of a third wave during 
the latter part of December, impacted sales performance for the industry as a 
whole. The Auto and Auto ancillary space continued to witness bottlenecks in the 
raw material supply chain. As a result, during the quarter, the industry has 
experienced an extremely challenging and volatile input pricing environment. In 
some cases, we have seen aluminium and related alloy breach new highs. The new 
wave of a pandemic in certain Asian countries has resulted in aluminum prices 
reaching a fresh 14 year high. In addition, logistical problems and inflation in 
shipping and freight costs, further downplayed the momentum in sales.  
                                         
Across the domestic industry, CV volumes saw improvements during the period 
supported by the healthy demand for both passenger and cargo segments. Two-
Wheeler volumes, however, saw a notable impact due to lower consumer 
sentiment affected by the third way of the pandemic. Similarly, the PV industry 
sales continued to be impacted by the supply chain constraints and the semi-
conductor shortages. 
                                          
Besides weak rural sentiments, delayed harvest season, floods in the southern 
states as well as higher fuel costs restricted the pace of recovery in the quarter. 
On the international front, most of our key export geographies in U.S. and Europe 
reported strong Auto sales, led by festival holiday demand and stable currency. 
So, against this backdrop, we have reported a stable performance during the 
quarter.  
                                          
The four C framework that was discussed by Vimal impacted our overall growth in 
the quarter. This is one of the rare times wherein we have seen all these operating 
challenges acting together in the industry. However, it is noteworthy how over 
team has been able to navigate through these difficult situations well, and we have 
been able to seamlessly manage supplies to all our customers on time.  

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 6 of 24 
                                          
In the quarter we have added 30 parts from 9 customers. Let me talk about the 
highlights of our performance across each of our five key strategic growth pillars.  
The first being our auto business:  
This industry in the past two years has been adversely impacted due to COVID. 
Mobility restrictions across geographies, supply chain issues and raw material 
inflation. However, as environment is normalizing, we are seeing the mobility 
sector on a whole bouncing back with a staggered recovery in sales. The 
consumption across vehicle segments, be it passenger vehicle, commercial vehicle 
or even the two wheelers segment is on the increasing trend. So, what we're 
seeing is that while supply chain issues moderated production across the industry, 
the end consumer demand has been on the uptrend. There are tell-tale, signs that 
suggest semi-conductor supply shortages could begin to ease in the latter half of 
2022, albeit in a phased manner. This will further boost sales in the industry. 
Another data point here is that if you were to look at the penetration levels of the 
cars across the globe, India is one of the lowest with around 225 registered 
vehicles for every 1000 people. Encouragingly, there has been a constant increase 
in this number in the past decade and as micro environmental recovers, the car 
consumption and the penetration level will keep growing.  
                                          
The pandemic for instance has accelerated the consumption for consumers 
preferring personal transportation modes. We have been seeing sharp rise in first 
time auto buyer across urban, semi urban and rural markets, with improving 
traction in vehicle registrations. So overall, the outlook for this segment remains 
solid and this in turn bodes well for Alicon.  
                                         
The global industry witnessed a downfall of 13% in last quarter over last year Q3, 
Alicon witnessed a growth of 22%. New order wins SOP helped to performed 
predominantly better than the market. In ICE segment, we are seeing strong 
inquiry levels across domestic and export markets. We also are also seeing repeat 
orders coming in from customers such as Eaton, Garrett and Maruti Suzuki. I'm 
happy to share that in the quarter, we have won orders for 7 new parts from these 
customers. 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 7 of 24 
                                          
Coming now to the second of our growth pillars, which is the electric vehicle 
division.  
The division continues to register exponential growth, not just in India, but also on 
the global level. According to the reports by the International Agency, roughly 
1,30,000 EVs were sold every week in 2021. As against 1,30,000 EVs sold 
worldwide in the year 2012, suggesting an explosive growth. In the year 2021, 
while we saw the auto industry reporting moderate growth across traditional and 
hybrid segments, EV sales marked a healthy growth. Closer home, the total 
registered electric vehicle sales in India more than doubled in 2021 as compared 
to 2020, and crossed the 3 lakh mark in 2021, the highest ever annual volumes.  
                                          
December in fact, was the first time when electric vehicle registration crossed the 
mark of 50,000 in a month. 90% of the sales in India were in two wheeler and three 
wheeler segment. The market has seen strong collaborations of exciting EV models 
by established and new players. This along with increased preference for personal 
mobility, reducing price parity between EVs and ICE vehicles and growing 
awareness about the global warming continues to fuel growth in the EV sector in 
India.  
                                          
In the union budget as well the government has announced support you policy for 
electric vehicle. The announcement of a new batteries swapping policy will 
improve the country's EV infrastructure and create an impetus on faster 
adaptation of environment friendly public transportation and three wheelers. 
Auto manufacturers will also be encouraged to develop sustainable processes for 
batteries which will help in increasing the EV ecosystem efficiency. For this 
segment we are working with OEMs as well as the Tire 1 suppliers. We have been 
working extensively with Dana Corporation, Scania, Tata Autocomp, Arrival, Eaton 
on both domestic and international orders.  
                                          
During this quarter we won -- we have won orders from existing customers, such 
as Tata Autocomp, and Scania. We have also added a new logo win in this quarter. 
We are received an order win from a customer called Arrival for 17 new parts. We 
are the first Indian supplier to be empaneled with Arrival which manufactures 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 8 of 24 
electric buses and vans and belongs to a niche segment. They currently have the 
plants in UK and USA and are coming up with a plant in Spain and India.  
                                          
In addition to the 17 parts already booked. We are in closed discussions for other 
opportunities related to our frugal engineering and thermal solutions. We 
introduced light weighting solutions, high pressure die casting to low pressure die 
casting conversion by giving customer advantage of lower CapEx, thermal 
solutions for the components like battery housings and motor housing and other 
such technological advancements.  
                                          
One such area where we are seeing strong response from customers is the light-
weighting of products in the auto and EV space. We are getting increased inquiries 
from the OEMs both in domestic and export markets, and the development of 
various product categories such as motor housing, battery housing and controller 
housings.  
                                          
In December 2021, for the first time ever, Tata motor was the second highest seller 
of vehicles in the passenger vehicle segment. JLR, a Tata Group company, has 
already announced 100% EV by 2025. 
                                          
We are already supplying EV parts from our European subsidiary to them and now 
we are in active discussions for the opportunities from India. Another exciting 
development for us has been the breakthrough order wins with Tata Motors. We 
have been observing the progress being made by Tata Motors, which has emerged 
as a leader in electric four-wheeler as well as passenger vehicle category in India 
and we're very keen to be empaneled as a supplier given the prospects for the 
strong volumes. We are delighted to share that we have been empaneled for two 
critical and complex motor housing with them in the last quarter with good 
volumes. With the industry on the cusp of next phase of growth, Alicon is one of 
the frontrunners in the EV space to capitalize on these growth prospects.  
                                          
We have already built up a portfolio of over 101 parts, catering to EV and other 
revenues from EV business stands at 9% in Q3 FY‘22. Our target is to bring the 
wallet share of EV business to 36% of overall revenues by FY2025- ‘26. Clearly, we 
are progressing well with our strategy as 57% of our new orders during the quarter 
were from EV segment.  

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 9 of 24 
                                          
Now on to our third growth pillar, being a technology agnostic platform. This 
segment is where we are directing a focus bringing value addition to all our 
product categories. Alicon’s philosophy has always been towards manufacturing 
innovative and differentiated products. Having a European hub at an early stage 
of our growth journey gave us a first mover advantage in the domestic markets. 
During the quarter, we have received orders from KTM.  
                                          
Coming to our fourth growth pillar which is a Non-Auto business. In this we are 
witnessing healthy growth in demand, especially from the different sectors. 
During the quarter we are received an order win from existing customers like JCB 
and a new win from Textron, USA.  
                                         
In the non-auto business, we have been seeking to add critical and complex parts 
in this segment with sustainable volumes with the empanelment with the Textron, 
USA. For fully machined cylinder head supplied to the U.S. market, we will be able 
to showcase our capability of manufacturing such parts to other OEMs which will 
open up more opportunities going ahead.  
                                          
Our previously announced orders are progressing as per the schedule, and we 
expect strong order being in the quarters ahead. As discussed last quarter, we 
have submitted a tender of 4,000 wheels for defense and we are expecting the 
finalization of the same shortly. We are penetrating with the existing customers 
like Siemens, GE and IR in this segment.  
                                          
The fifth growth pillar is our focus on improving customer wallet share and the 
customer stickiness. With several parts moving towards SOP, we are well placed 
to enhance contribution from repeat customers and demonstrate customer 
stickiness and belief in our brand. Our long-term approach is towards building 
wallet share and positioning ourselves as a trusted supplier for an existing 
customer base.  
                                          
On that note, I would like now to hand it over to Mr. Andreas Heim to throw light 
on our global business. 
Andreas Heim: 
Thank you, Mr. Dravid. A warm welcome to all of you, I will briefly cover the 
developments on our International business.  

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 10 of 24 
We have delivered a steady performance in Illichman during the quarter on the 
back of improving demand environment in our key global markets of US, Europe 
and China. However, the chip shortage issue across the globe resulted in a 
significant impact on international vehicle sales in the third quarter. For the 
quarter, exports including overseas revenues contributed to 22% of the total 
revenue and for 9MFY22 its 24% I am happy to share our exports, including sales 
from Illichman subsidiary stood strong during the quarter and was higher even on 
a sequential basis.  
We are also seeing increased costs on account of inflationary trends in aluminum 
and other alloys. In addition, greater freight costs have further resulted in higher 
expenses during the period. While this impacted margins during the quarter, we 
have been passing over the price hike, which has resulted in steady profitability 
on an absolute basis.  
Overall, we have delivered an encouraging performance during Q3 & 9M FY22. 
While there are ongoing concerns about the pandemic in some of the key global 
markets, we expect minimal and short-term impact. Overall, we remain very 
excited about our future growth prospects and opportunities in the medium to 
longer term across markets of Europe, US, Middle East, and Brazil. 
On this note, I would like to now hand it over to Mr. Rajiv Gupta, who will cover 
developments in the domestic business for the quarter..  
Rajiv Gupta:  
Thank you, Andreas. Good day everyone.  
We have seen mixed trends in the domestic auto segment during the quarter. 
While the demand has been upheld issues on account of persistent raw material 
pressures and shortages have significantly impacted production levels for 
automotive players in the domestic industry. Lower production levels due to chip 
shortages have resulted in unusual waiting period ranging from six to nine months. 
We're also seeing a dip in inventory levels across dealerships. Passenger car sales 
are seeing a continuous decline on account of chips shortage. Even entry level 
segment is facing challenges due to increasing fuel prices and weak rural 
sentiments. The sentiment was further weakened by Omicron related concerns in 
December and January. However, we are seeing steady recovery from mid-

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 11 of 24 
January onwards as concerns around the third wave have eased. Also, the chip 
shortage situation is easing out slowly and gradually, which we believe will elevate 
sentiments in the industry.  
                                          
Now coming to the performance given the macro-economic backdrop. Alicon was 
able to report steady sales in Q3 FY22. We have booked an average yearly sale of 
around Rs. 40 crore with projected sale of around Rs. 155 crore over a period of 
five years in quarter three. In nine months, cumulative this year we have added 60 
parts of which 32 were in the EV segment with average yearly sale around Rs. 30 
crore with a project sale of around Rs. 130 Crore over a period of five years. Our 
total order booking now stands at around Rs. 3,250 Crore over a period of five 
years, with a yearly average sale of around  Rs. 650 crore till now.  
                                          
Overall, we are witnessing a good level of enquiries and bookings in the market 
and are hopeful that improving macros will further support this momentum.  
On this note, I would request our Group CEO Mr. Rajeev Sikand to share with you 
in perspective on Alicon performance.  
Rajeev Sikand:  
Thank you. I welcome all our investors. Thank you for joining the call. I hope you 
and your family members are well and safe. I would like to add that the way Alicon 
team has overcome the challenges thrown at us in the last two years gives me 
every reason to be optimistic that we will negotiate further challenges that will be 
thrown at us, in the ever changing and dynamic scenario, the automotive sector is 
facing. My confidence in the long-term potential for Alicon and the opportunities 
across the Auto, Non-Auto and E-mobility space remains unshaken. While we are 
seeing headwinds in light of persistent raw material challenges, the chip shortages 
across the globe, there are signs of the situation easing out with the resumption 
of chip manufacturing across Asia. But my view is it will take another two quarters 
for it to really stabilize.  
                                          
We are hopeful that with the parts of the world moving away from lockdowns to 
learning to live with the virus, we should see the pre-pandemic sense of normalcy 
return soon across domestic and global markets. Educational institutions, 
corporate and private offices are now slowly opening throughout India. This along 
with the augmented consumer sentiments, improvement in finance availability 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 12 of 24 
and gradual pickup in economic activities will translate to a higher demand, 
especially towards personal mobility.  In addition, better macros will further 
support in commercial vehicles in the longer term.  
As discussed by my colleagues, in the nine-month period, we have announced 
significant order wins with multiple OEMs. Our current order book stands at  
Rs. 3,250 crore and this provides us with strong growth visibility for years to come. 
Our business fundamentals are strong, and we are proactively engaging with the 
existing and new customer groups to accelerate this growth further.  
We are focusing towards improving our product portfolio and have added a range 
of high potential, SKUs across Auto, Non-Auto and EV segments to bring in 
differentiation and value addition in our model.  Sustainability is one of the 
cornerstones of our business framework and we are pursuing many initiatives by 
way of business processes, manufacturing capabilities and product development.  
Looking ahead we believe that demand conditions in the market will continue to 
improve, and we are optimistic on the medium-term outlook of the Auto industry. 
Also, Alicon diverse product suite will enable us to capitalize on demand reversal.  
                                         
The recently announced Union budget also announced growth boosting reforms 
which will further create and maintain demand in the market. The battery 
swapping policies scrappage policy, PLI link scheme, fame scheme and improve 
CapEx towards road infrastructure augurs well for the sector and will help those 
consumption. On the whole, we look forward to a promising future.  
                                          
On this note, we would be happy to take your question now. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Saurabh Jain from 
Sushil Finance. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Jain:  
Good afternoon, everyone. So first of all, congratulations on yet another 
wonderful set of numbers. And thank you for the opportunity. I have a few 
questions, my first one in your opening remarks you mentioned about new logos 
added and some ordered wins from Arrival, probably for 17 new products you 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 13 of 24 
mentioned and some products for Textron as well. So would be helpful if we could 
quantify the orders and execution timeline. Some highlight on that and also the 
orders on hand for Rs. 3,650 crore plus. So, what would be the execution timeline 
for the same? 
Rajiv Gupta:  
Yes, we have mentioned we have added two new logos in last quarter, one was 
with Arrival in the EV space, we have added 17 parts and these are very critical 
structure parts. And the good thing with Arrival is the concept with setting up 
plants across regions. So as currently this opportunity is for the UK market, but 
there are chances of multiplying this opportunity once they come up with future 
plans in Spain and India. So, if you talk about order opportunity, this order the 
yearly average sale is around Rs. 10 crore for these 17 parts and on a project basis 
this will be around Rs. 40 crore in total. So, this was a great achievement because 
Alicon was a first supplier from India, who is awarded with Arrival.  
Second is Textron, yes we were eyeing this particular segment, because this 
belongs to a niche segment. Also, these are very critical paths with give us a  
chance to showcase to our existing OEMs also. So, this order is for the US market 
for a very critical complex cylinder head and this also we bagged in last quarter.  
Also we added his Tata Autocomp with motor housing, we were eyeing this 
segment, as mentioned in the last quarter, because we noticed Tata Motors in the 
domestic market were picking up quite well. And with that, we've added two 
critical parts. So with that scenario in last quarter, we've added the confirm yearly 
average sale of roughly around  Rs.  40 crore with our total project value of around 
Rs. 150 Crore over a span of five years.  
With this, my order booking now have touched to on a yearly average of Rs. 650 
plus crore and total to Rs. 3,250 crore. The good thing over here is we are focusing 
on EV, and in last quarter also, the order booking 57% comes from the EV segment. 
So that was a good sign what we have noted. And if we talk about nine months, 
the EV contribution is 33%. So we are moving ahead with what we have 
strategized.  
Saurabh Jain:  
Okay, so one follow-up on that out of this Rs. 3,250 crore of order book, how much 
would be from EV overall?  

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 14 of 24 
Rajiv Gupta: 
17% is from the EV have total, the INR 3,250 crore, what we are talking at this 
moment is 17%.  
Saurabh Jain:  
And this is also executable over five years, right?  
Rajiv Gupta: 
Yes.  
Saurabh Jain:  
Okay, so, coming to my next question, it's amazing to see gross margins being 
maintained, especially during these tough times, which is currently prevailing 
across the industry and this showcases our strength, despite lower margins on the 
standalone, we did substantial improvement in our European subsidiary, we have 
managed to maintain our overall profitability on YoY basis. So, the subsidiary 
continues to do exceptionally well with the almost I guess 21% EBITDA margins. 
So, how is the trend looking going forward? I'm talking about a European 
subsidiary.  
Vimal Gupta:  
So Saurabh for the European subsidiary the major margins are coming up from the 
EV segment, because the Autos are increasing the volumes there and we have 
negotiated because this is the development stage in the EV segment. So, these 
margins now, this is a pattern when the volumes will grow. So, hopefully, we will 
be able to maintain, because we can see that in Q4FY22 also that we will be able 
to even perform much better if we compare with Q3FY22. That are our 
expectation for this and hopefully we will be able to maintain the same 
momentum in the coming year. 
Saurabh Jain:  
Okay. Sir, one follow-up on that. This quarter we did turnover of around Rs. 28 
crore in the European subsidiary, how is the scalability here of the top-line.  
Vimal Gupta:  
So, for this approximately this year, we will be able to do Rs. 120 crore to Rs. 125 
crore, but as for our strategy, we have not planned to scale it up to a large level. 
The reason being it is our development center, we want to use that location to 
deliver our critical parts and also as knowledge center. Because whatever the 
developments we are doing in India, so those are being supported by the 
European team, because you know that the cost of production in Europe is so high, 
maybe you are seeing these volumes, the margins are high in Europe maybe on 
that basis you are feeling that the we should grow more there, but at the end when 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 15 of 24 
the volumes goes up, so they also look for some alternate sources from low cost 
countries. So, our concept is that we will maintain maybe Rs. 120 crore to maybe 
maximum go to Rs. 200 crore in the coming three four years. But the idea is to win 
the orders, bring the volume to India. So that is strategy we are working on. 
Saurabh Jain:  
Okay. Got it. And sir my last question, what was the contribution from new orders 
during the quarter and if I believe in previous con calls, you had mentioned that 
new orders for the FY ‘23 contribution would be around in the range of Rs. 350 
Odd crore. So, are we on track or the headwinds which global auto industry has 
been facing for some time, we'll deviate our goal?  
Rajiv Gupta:  
For this with the new orders, we are noticing we will be booking around Rs. 260 
crore to Rs. 280 crore for this year.  
Saurabh Jain:  
For the coming fiscal? 
Rajiv Gupta:  
For the coming fiscal this would be at a range of Rs. 450 crore to Rs. 500 crore.  
Saurabh Jain:  
Okay. So, you're expecting a very big growth in the overall top line for next fiscal, 
right. Or there would be some major phase out from this current year?  
Rajiv Gupta: 
Yes. Talking about the current business we are noticing the ICE segment 
particularly the two wheelers might get a hit with the acceptance of customers to 
the EV. So, we are noticing that. And also, with other factors like increasing fuel 
prices and cost of production. So, with that, we are expecting the current sales 
with existing number of customers and parts might come down, but the good thing 
is we have added these parts and this will help me to cushion up and further 
increases going forward.  
Saurabh Jain:  
Would you be able to quantify a bit? The phasing out products or the contribution?  
Vimal Gupta: 
That we will come back, but the phasing out will be less, only that because due to 
the challenging market so we are not anticipating that there will be growth in the 
running business. So that is a factor that we are now factoring in our plans.  
Saurabh Jain:  
Got it. One last question if I may squeeze in, just a short one, how is the revival 
seeing in two wheelers, do we get some fillers from the OEMs. 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 16 of 24 
Shekhar Dravid:  
At this moment, we don't see any of the enthusiasm from these OEMs and we are 
keeping close watch and connect with our existing OEMs to get a feel on this. So 
that is the situation at this moment because of the dynamics of the market.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghunandhan NL from Emkay 
Global. Please go ahead. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Congratulations Sir, for good results under challenging circumstances. And many 
thanks for the detailed opening remarks. So, my first question was being early 
mover companies gaining market share in the EV space across segments, would 
you be targeting higher market share and EVs compared to that of ICEs? And can 
you talk a bit about company's strengths or competitive advantage, which will 
support you in getting the market share on the EV space both in domestic and 
export markets?  
Rajeev Sikand: 
Our playbook here is very simple. We are developing thermal technology. And this 
is very, very unique. And this has been done because of our European plan, this 
was developed from 2016. And we've been supplying to Bosch, we supply to all 
the OEMs then to JLR to Samsung. So, this technology is our playbook. And so, we 
have divided our parts thermal and other. So, our focus is thermal, and yes, at the 
same time we have to focus on other parts in the EV segment. So, this is where we 
are coming in. I hope that answers your question.  
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you Rajeev Sir. So, basically just extending on the same question. In terms 
of competition, would you say that this work which you have done on the thermal 
side has put you ahead of the competition, and that will continue to remain a 
competitive edge for us?  
Rajeev Sikand: 
See when you come as a first mover and because of our advantage, because of 
Illichmann, where we invested, and we took this up in 2016. So, this will remain 
for our time being, I don't see this competition going, but sooner or later people 
do copy, do acquire. So, but it is going to give us one or two years of headwind or 
free space to take this on, because it's not so easy, you may even get that 
technology, but how to manufacture, how to handle on the shop floor. So, we 
have paid that price in building up in Illichmann and that kind of thought process 
is now available with us.  

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 17 of 24 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you Rajeev Sir, that is very helpful. My second question was on the order 
book side. So, you know, like management did make a statement Rs. 260 crore to 
Rs. 280 Crore order for FY ‘22 and Rs. 450 crore to Rs. 500 crore order in FY ‘23. 
The clarification I wanted is, is it the amount of new order executions or is it the 
new order bookings which was referred?  
Rajiv Gupta: 
These are executions, this will be the realization from these accounts what we 
have booked in the past.  
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you so, much and another clarification was on TACO the order book which 
we have, is that  lifetime order book of Rs. 150 crore or that yearly order of Rs. 40 
crore. This is the overall notebook with TACO or is it a new order win? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
This is actually a new order win and what is happening with TACO we are doing 
two things. One is we are supplying the global facilities which they have acquired. 
And secondly, you know Tata Motors have gone in with a concept where other 
OEMs are doing born EV Tata Motors have adjusted their EV. So, like they have 
taken Nexon and other current car which is an ICE and made an EV. So, they're 
gone head on in this. So, what we have proposed there, when importing these 
parts from China, these critical parts and assembling them. So, we are going to 
come in in their phase 1 of localization to develop this very strategic thermal 
solutions for them. And we have bagged those two orders as of now, in the two 
very critical models.  
Raghunandhan NL: 
Understood, thank you. Thank you for that. Next, I had a question in terms of the 
underlying domestic industry is there any improvement which you are seeing in 
the production schedules for the underlying two-wheeler segment for February or 
March, now that the COVID wave intensity is waning.  
Rajeev Sikand: 
As my colleagues have said, we are seeing this demand is muted. And you are 
much aware that how much OEMs have put up the capacity and what are the 
numbers. So, the reading is it's both – it’s a couple of issues which they're facing 
and as my colleagues have already highlighted, both on the demand side and the 
supply side and the consumer is facing in the entry level motorcycles, their own 
value in terms of purchasing power. And then there is also -- let us not run away 
that there is a demand disruption to extend with all this COVID on and off. A lot of 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 18 of 24 
service industry has got impacted, small restaurants, small businesses like that. So 
there is an impact which we are seeing.  
Raghunandhan NL: 
Understood Sir. Thank you. To Vimal Sir, Sir on the input cost inflation pass 
through. You know now that the focus is on the monthly adjustments given the 
further pass throughs that are happening look Q4 to better gross margin 
compared to the Q3 levels?  
Vimal Gupta:  
Yes, definitely because in the last quarter, when I explained that there was the 
impact of the cost inflation on the margins and we have started negotiations with 
the OEM. And we have seen the impact in the quarter three and that still not 
settled with all OEMs and that is also in process. So, definitely we are seeing 
further improvement in the margins in Q4.  
Raghunandhan NL: 
And sir like on Europe operations, can you help us understand the key factors 
helping profitability, the management highlighted that now that the EV businesses 
are ramping up and initial phase the margins are on the higher side? Would that 
be the main reason, or would there be any tooling revenue, which is also helping 
the budget?  
Rajeev Sikand: 
It is all composite is not only one is tooling revenues, operations getting 
streamlined on those parts. If you make the same part every day, all the other 
costs, which were there in terms of building those parts, plus, of course, the 
margin. So, our team in Europe has done very good. We have a general manager 
from India, one of our best guys is running their Mr. Satyapal. So we are very happy 
to see the progress our European team has done.  
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you Rajeev. Sir. Sir, my last question on the site of your technology partner. 
So, just wanted to understand from you how the support is continuing, given the 
COVID times and travel is restricted. I mean, how is to support continuing on new 
product development, plant upgradation, or they helping in terms, I mean Enkei 
Corporation helping in terms of getting new orders? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Good question. Sorry, we have also missed out that Enkei is our teacher. And just 
to give you, you know, before I answer that question, I give you answer is, we have 
a new project with Toyota. And with the COVID times these people are not able to 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 19 of 24 
come from Japan. But every day they are able to visit the shop floor virtually 
they're able to discuss this development. So, every day, there's a call at 2:30 in our 
Indian teams Toyota India, Toyota Thailand, Toyota Japan is joining. And there is a 
value addition for both sides. Discussions, same thing is happening with Enkei. 
That meeting is fixed. One is on a need based, which is typical, and one is on a 
quarterly basis. So, both the things continue, and Mr. Suzuki is very, very active 
personally, in getting his updates. Every quarter, we have two meetings with them. 
So, which is even more than what we were having when he was coming physically. 
Of course, we were having a virtual meeting. But so, you know, this is a way I think 
the world has evolved, not only Alicon, every other supplier has also evolved in 
the same way.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone 
Financial Advisors, please go ahead.   
Dixit Doshi: 
My question is, you know, you mentioned about the EBITDA margin this quarter, 
it was around 12%. And as a percentage of sales, it will look lesser because of the 
increase in the alloy prices. Since the denominator has increased. At the same 
time, you also mentioned that margins will be 14% to 15% very soon. So, even at 
these high alloy prices, you're expecting margins can come back to 14% - 15%.  
Vimal Gupta:  
Yes.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karthi Keyan from Suyash 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Karthi Keyan: 
Yes. Good morning to everyone. I had a couple of questions. One is the order book 
that you spoke about the Rs. 3,250 crore of new orders, this is not adjusted for 
inflation, I assume is that correct?  
Rajeev Sikand: 
Yes.  
Karthi Keyan: 
Right. So as in when your actuals come through that is when the adjustments will 
be done.  
Rajeev Sikand: 
Yes.  

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 20 of 24 
Karthi Keyan: 
The second part is that of the order backlog, you said an incremental Rs. 200 crore 
roughly would be executed next year over the current year's base, is that correct? 
I am just making sure that I understood it correctly?  
Rajiv Gupta: 
Right. Yes.  
Karthi Keyan: 
Right. And the third thing is what would be the current two-wheeler contribution 
to your revenues? Because you give a fairly, or shall I say, not a very optimistic 
commentary on the two-wheeler segment. So, can I know, the current 
contribution of two wheelers to 9MFY22 revenue basis?  
Rajiv Gupta: 
It's 50% Currently.  
Karthi Keyan: 
Currently 50%. Last question will be this you spoke about Illichmann revenues 
being limited to a certain level and a lot of the production being transferred to 
India. So, in that context, I'm asking you this question. So, when a customer places 
an order does he identifies the location or does he identify the entity how exactly 
does that work? So, can you split the order backlog between Illichmann ordered 
separately and you know, parent entity separately.  
Rajeev Sikand: 
So, basically, what Vimal was trying to explain is that Illichmann is our European 
entity having European cost center and certain parts cannot be delivered from 
India, keeping you know, sometimes when you start in the EV they're low volumes 
or there are special requirements. So, Illichmann plays that role of easing some 
business out and acquiring these new parts into his portfolio which is a playbook. 
But basically, second point is, it’s our technology center to bring all these new two 
segments, EV and the structural agnostic parts, or technology agnostic parts. 
Knowledge, their capability to us in India. So that is the role Illichmann plays. And 
it is not that there is some part which is shifted from there. We offer those parts 
only from India, that is why the customer comes to us.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aveek Mitra from Aveksat 
Financial Advisory, please go ahead. 
Aveek Mitra: 
Hi, thanks for taking the question. I more than a question. I think I need your view 
on the long-term staff of the company. So the first question is basically you have 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 21 of 24 
at 
present  
70% domestic revenue, and I think mostly it is coming from your legacy business. 
And as you have already said, that legacy business part -- mainly the two wheeler 
part will have some kind of a headwind ahead. So how would you plan to execute 
your long-term projection of reaching Rs. 2,000 crore revenue by the next three, 
four years? So if you can give me a view, I think I'll appreciate that more, rather 
than questions.  
Rajeev Sikand: 
This we will divide into two parts. Over the last three years, we have been reducing 
our two-wheeler share of business. So, it's more than a three or four years 
strategy. We've been using this our share. Secondly, what we are going is, we are 
going for higher machining. So whereas there is a more value add which we are 
providing. And of course, two wheeler is by volume, it does not mean it is by the 
value additional also. So just to give you context on the whole thing, and now I let 
Rajiv answer you on the numbers.  
Rajiv Gupta: 
Over here, as Mr. Sikand has explained we are focusing on increasing the share of 
business. Also we are trying to penetrate to the existing accounts where we were 
not there, like earlier we are supplying a cylinder head, now we have added a pipe 
or we have added a headlamp where we were not there which will increase my 
content per vehicle. And also, we are now focusing to add new logos where we 
are not there. So, with this mix definitely we are going to increase our sales in this 
particular segment.  
Aveek Mitra: 
Okay, but on EBITDA margin actually is almost the same or plus minus a few 
percentage points over a quite some time now, if I look into the trend, so, if you 
can give a comment on what is your roadmap on this basically going ahead?  
Vimal Gupta:  
First is that when you see the EBITDA margins, so, there is a structural change in 
the business that is explained by Mr. Sikand and the Rajiv Gupta, that reducing our 
exposure in the two-wheeler market, but moving towards the other segments, 
either CV or passenger vehicles, where we are having the complete machine parts. 
So, increasing our value addiction. So, we can see the improvement in the EBITDA 
margin, but that as explained, there is a major impact has comes in due to the cost 
inflation in the last two quarters. Otherwise, if you take that impact and remove, 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 22 of 24 
so, definitely we are on the employment side. And but now, we have taken the 
two ways to counter this. One is that to deal with the customers going to the 
customers and asking for the absorbed cost and participate in this and second is 
we have taken a lot of actions in house to reduce our cost. So how to improvement 
in our operation then like the operational cost, we have to reduce and where we 
have seen the cost engaged in the logistics, so negotiating with the customers and 
output from the people. So, every area we are focusing, so from both directions 
from customer as well as from in house, so that will help us to further improve our 
margins in the coming years.  
Aveek Mitra: 
So I don't hold you on this, but I just wanted to understand that what is your wish 
list of EBITDA margins when you reach Rs. 2,000 crore of revenue.  
Vimal Gupta:  
Definitely maybe 2% to 3% increase. 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Sorry one more dynamic which has happened, where you are all seeing FY’18-’19 
the first half was where the industry was doing phenomenally well, then started 
the ILFS issue and the decline, whereas fundamentally, structurally the things were 
same. So this fiscal this was a changing period. And I think not only us, everybody 
has faced this challenge and is evolving from here. From this FY‘18-‘19 the base, 
or the first half was a base where we were growing also at 30%. This is something 
structurally which we have worked at and it is not something which has happened 
it is started from there. And where we have come today and thereafter 
subsequently, we got hit by these, last, I thought last year Corona was very tough 
year, having worked in this industry for more than 30 years, directly but I think this 
year has been even more enjoyable, let's put it this way for everybody. You know, 
all the things coming at the same time, including the EV overhang in the mind of 
the consumer, plus the fuel prices plus the other things which is affecting the 
purchasing power. So, it's also gives you insight that what the team can perform 
under these challenging circumstances.  
Aveek Mitra: 
Yes, absolutely. I really appreciate your effort of maintaining at least the bottom 
line and top line in spite of the perfect storm which has been faced by the industry 
for last two years. My last question actually is on, again a view which actually I am 
looking for, that you are writing as a key point in your presentation, that not align 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 23 of 24 
to a single anchor customer and we have got many customers with small per 
customer kind of revenue of Rs.  15 crore, Rs.  20 crore, if I understood correctly. 
So, as you know over a period of time this EV market will also get consolidated and 
there will be five, six or 10 players who will be in the market. Like any other 
industry like in internet we have seen 1000s of companies, but ultimately it has 
boiled down to few. So, how are you placed to really scale up to somebody when 
suppose that guy is actually stabilized and becomes a leader throwing out others. 
Like the Arrival, you said that that is a startup, right? A new player. We don't know 
whether what will happen to this company two, three years down the line.  
Rajeev Sikand: 
Let me give you, a lot of EV companies where we are giving, we also know, maybe 
there is a 30% to 40% down, but some more will come. So, this should not be 
forgotten by everybody. Because today somebody saying I want to be the Tesla in 
the bus. So, Arrival is coming here. And we have a policy, wherein what we want 
from each customer that turnover must not go beyond a point. So, we have our 
own norm. And these norms we review very clearly each quarter. And we are in 
fact, when we started five years back, we were on a higher end each year we keep 
on bringing this norm down for a customer. So that our risk is we are de-risked to 
extend. And of course, as we will go globally, which is also what we want to do, 
our global business, so that is also another way of de risking ourselves. Besides the 
four-wheeler and the other industry, which we have said.  
Aveek Mitra: 
Suppose somebody scales up really fast, will you be able to scale up with them? 
That is my question. 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Scale up and down is part of the industry. See this is a value chain and  if there's 
no value chain, and the chain is the weakest, will break the link. So, if he has to 
scale up there is also testing costs, there is also testing times because 
homologation times whether it is India or anywhere in the world, so in automotive, 
it does not mean scale up means it suddenly changes, even if they were very, very 
fast. 
The 
fastest 
we 
saw 
the 
scale 
up 
was 
in  
FY’18-‘19, the first half, where you know everybody went to the peak number 
those kinds of things you are able to manage.  

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 24 of 24 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen. That was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Vimal Gupta:  
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactory. 
Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more about the 
company please feel free to contact our team of CDR India. Thank you once again 
for taking the time to join us on this call and we look forward to interacting in the 
next quarter. Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Alicon Castalloy Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
