REF:INABB:STATUT:LODR:TR_CONCAL: 
February 21 , 2022
BSE Limited
P.J. Towers
Dalal Street
Mumbai 400 001
(Attn : DCS CRD)
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No. C/1, G Block
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E).
Mumbai 400 051
Attn: Listing Dept.
Dear Sirs
Sub: Transcript of Analyst concall
In continuation to our letter dated February 10, 2022, wherein we had enclosed a copy
of presentation made at the Analysts Call scheduled on February 11, 2022, we now
hereby enclose a copy of the transcript of conference call with analysts, which took
place on February 1 1 , 2022 post announcement of Q4 2021 results of the Company.
The said transcript is also uploaded on the Company’s website.
Thanking you
Yours faithfully
F 
ABB India Limited
Trivikram Gu
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
ACS 17685 
V
Encl: as above
ABB India Limited
CIN 
: L32202KA1949PLC032923
www.abb.com/in
Registered and Corporate Office
Disha - 3rd Floor, Plot No. 5 & 6, 2nd Stage
Peenya Industrial Area IV
Peenya, Bengaluru - 560 058
Karnataka, India
GST 
: 29AAACA3834B1Z4
Phone : +91 80 2294 9150 - 54
Fax 
: +91 80 2294 9148

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“ABB India Limited Q4 CY21 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJEEV SHARMA – MANAGING DIRECTOR, ABB 
INDIA LIMITED. 
MR. T K SRIDHAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ABB 
INDIA LIMITED. 
MR. SANJEEV ARORA – MOTION, ABB INDIA LIMITED 
MR. G. BALAJI – PROCESS AUTOMATION, ABB INDIA 
LIMITED. 
MR. KIRAN DUTT – ELECTRIFICATION, ABB INDIA 
LIMITED. 
MR. SUBRATA KARMAKAR – ROBOTICS & DISCRETE 
AUTOMATION, ABB INDIA LIMITED 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to ABB India Limited Q4 and Full Years CY21 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”then 
“0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. Please note that 
unauthorized recording of this call is strictly prohibited. The recording will be made available 
on the company’s and SEBIs website subsequently. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. TK Sridhar – Chief Financial Officer of ABB India 
Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
TK Sridhar: 
Thank you, Margaret, and very good morning to all of you. It’s a bright sunny day in Bangalore 
as I sit in my Disha Office in Peenya. So, welcome to the Q4 2021 and the Full Year Result Call 
with all of you. 
So, we have absolute pleasure in discussing these topics as every quarter. Along with me in the 
room, I have Mr. Sanjeev Sharma – MD of ABB India Limited, Sanjeev Arora, who leads the 
Motion business for India, Subrata Karmakar, the Head of Robotics business, Kiran Dutt who 
represents Electrification Products and also Balaji who represents Process Automation. 
Without wasting much of time, I hand over to Sanjeev to take us through what happened in Q4, 
the full year and also how we see going forward in 2022. Over to you Sanjeev. 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Thank you Sridhar. Good morning to all of you. Let me also acknowledge that apart from our 
divisional managers who are present that is Sanjeev Arora, Kiran Dutt, Balaji for Process 
Automation and Subrata Karmakar for Robotics. This time, we have also invited in a listen-in 
mode all our division managers, we have 18 divisions in the country. So, all division managers 
are also present in the listen-in mode for us because as you all know, ABB is a company in India 
which has 18 distinct divisions and sum total of all these divisions performance, is presented to 
you as a cumulative result of ABB India. 
Coming to business highlights. We have been investing in the smart factory and the 
manufacturing excellence over a period of time. And we have seen substantial productivity gains 
in our factories by employing robotic solution and also squeezing the space that is required to 
produce. For example, in our Nelamangala factory, we were able to use the same space, reduce 
the footprint of our manufacturing by 30%, but increase the manufacturing by 30%. So, there’s 
a huge gain of productivity. Recognizing that and many other initiatives taken by our teams, 
Frost and Sullivan gave ABB India an award for Smart Factory and Manufacturing Excellence. 
This is something which we believe in strongly and we will continue to invest in all our locations 
and factories as and when the opportunity comes up for upgrades.  
We won a large order for automation system for a second largest lube plant globally. This is one 
of its kind order and is something we have started into a new segment, wherein new technology 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
is being brought with ABB India and ABB France coming together, to deliver this very complex, 
but at the same time, something which we are very versed with globally in technology and much 
of it will be executed in the country. This is something we are proud of and we believe that this 
will have a multiplier effect going forward. We also flagged off our energy efficiency movement, 
highlighting the importance of energy efficiency in industrial world. This is a sweet spot 
portfolio of ABB at this point of time as whole world wants to make sure that their assets are 
energy efficient, infrastructure is energy efficient, and are not only producing energies in the 
non-fossil way, but also contributing by saving energy by deploying the equipment and 
technologies which save energy. So, this movement has taken quite a quite a momentum globally 
and also in India and we are getting a very good response.  
We also partnered with Indore Smart City Development Limited to provide continuous power 
supply with digital technology. All the smart cities or the cities which are very progressive, we 
find that they have a tendency to buy good technology now, and they want to go for the solutions 
which are quite high end and that’s good to see the trend that we are observing. ABB India 
Limited’s Board also has approved divestment of our turbocharger business as a going concern 
on a slump sale basis to its wholly owned subsidiary. And this is in line with ABB group’s 
announcements around this business globally. ABB India also unveiled the new corporate office 
and the business office, it’s an integrated office. Earlier our registered office was in World Trade 
Center, which was a leased facility, but we chose to make an investment in one of our 
manufacturing plants here in Bangalore, in Peenya location that is our registered office, We have 
the corporate office and the business offices integrated which not only brings market oriented 
synergies, but also is an example of how conscious we are of new trends post COVID, how we 
should organize ourselves to serve our customers and the market base. We have used several 
ABB products in this building and every building that we do, and it is automated to its teeth, it 
is likely to have 25% to 30% energy efficiency related to similar size business which is operated 
without ABB technologies.  
Looking at the profitability and the growth. So, the numbers in front of you speak for themselves 
– we had a strong quarter year to year growth between Q4 ‘20 to Q4 ‘21, which means the 
December quarter for us. And if you see Q4 ‘21 on sequential basis with Q3 ‘21, there’s a strong 
growth in all the parameters. For the full year CY21 versus CY20, there’s a strong growth in all 
the parameters. So, we are quite pleased with this trend given that H1 ‘21 was disturbed because 
of COVID related health emergencies that we had to deal with and certain disturbances in the 
market. But we came back quite strongly, and this shows the underlying strength of our portfolio, 
our connection with the market segments, our team’s performance as well as the market 
resilience to bounce back and reward with our engagement with them.  
Now, on the qualitative side of the growth, we found that we had quite a good uptake on the 
short cycle orders. We have 18 distinct divisions which connect with about 20 market segments 
and all these market segments have their own cyclicity and we find that this connection and this 
matrix between our division proposition versus the multiple market segment really gives us a 
very robust and resilient base. Not one particular segment affects and impacts us adversely. We 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
have observed in the market segment that there are more market segments joining in on the 
growth trajectory and the same is being reflected in our underlying numbers. 
Systems and services made a good comeback, the system orders, the integrated system orders, 
the services, and our ability to deliver services at customer side improved and that also is 
showing in our services business. On the oil and gas sector and the customer activity in power 
generation remained stable and it continued to reward us both on the fresh orders as well as on 
the service orders. Transport infrastructure in the buildings, renewables, data center and railways 
we continue to see good traction.  
These were some of the highlights to give a color about the nature of solutions that we put into 
the market and the differentiated market segments we deal with, be it the conveyer system 
wherein the electrification drives and automation was used by ABB, or be it ABB drives which 
has the Covaxin manufacturing facility on the emergency basis so that we can ramp up those 
manufacturing plants. We expanded our capacity for low voltage motors at our Faridabad factory 
which is powered by renewable energy. In the city of Surat, we continue to provide solutions, 
both electrification and instrumentation for clean water supply in entire city. 
Likewise, we reached the five-gigawatt milestone in the solar automation solutions delivery in 
India. We also completed a melt shop digitalization project for one of India’s leading steel 
company and they are measuring the boost in their productivity and profitability because of this 
implementation.  Ola, is making a mega factory for electric scooters, completely automated by 
our robotics and automation solution. It is finding it’s scaling up as we go forward. And having 
chosen the robotic solutions, and also the automation solution, that’s a good base for a company 
to scale up. Last but not the least, we are proud, and we feel very good on part of our engagement 
to help the cause of women and child education. We have about 200 young girls who are 
meritorious but from the poor families. They are being sponsored by us for four years for their 
engineering education in colleges in Pune, Hyderabad and Bangalore and we continue to expand 
it through our partners, Lila Poonawalla. Not only do we sponsor the education, we also do the 
mentorship as well as internship possibilities for these girls so that they are prepared when they 
come out of their colleges.  
Now, we saw a strong growth in our exports, more and more allocations have come into our 
manufacturing plants. And more and more markets are being served by us here. That shows that 
the confidence level of our global businesses to use India as a base to expand and use the 
manufacturing from here to go to the other market. We have very stringent standards. So, we 
don’t do it in a rush, we don’t move from one location to the other, but we make thoughtful 
decisions. Wherever all the divisions have taken the additional mandate to export, they are doing 
a world class job. Most of the customers who we deliver to and the markets we deliver to, right 
from North America to Southeast Asia, customers are quite satisfied, and demand is growing 
and that is also boosting certain expansion. Likewise, I mentioned earlier, services grew, and 
they continue to expand, and we see that trend going forward in 2022 as well.  

 
ABB India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
On the sustainability in practice, we are running certain concurrent programs, and we are making 
investments. We made several investments in 2021 and already saw some results in 2021 end of 
the year with some certifications that we received for our factories. At the same time, we will 
see much more of it in 2022, as those investments stabilize and start getting results. On the safety, 
we have a weekly focus at the country management level, daily focus and every morning focus 
on safety in every location and every site. We collect hazards around our locations and plants, 
and we resolve it and our resolution rate was 98%. We increase the recycling of water by 25%; 
it will increase further in 2022. Green power we are at 43% level and because of the investment 
we are making, it is going to go close to 70% to 85% by the end of 2022. 
Waste recycling at the moment is 95%. We are committed to net zero discharge from our plants 
and we hope to achieve this by 2025, 2026. We have programs and investments on the ground 
that will take us in that range. Health and well-being were top of our priority – we prioritized 
health over business during the COVID period. And that has had a good response from our teams 
as well as the communities we serve. On the sustainable business model, first we made 
investment in green factory buildings; for all our locations, we have committed that they will be 
either gold or platinum standard green factory certifications. We have already received platinum 
certification for Nelamangala plant in December and for Peenya as a gold certified IGBC 
certified. The Peenya location was also certified for eliminating single use plastics last year, and 
we continue to do that. Our Nelamangala plant was declared as a water positive location with an 
index of 1.24 that implies, we use less water actually; we contribute more water than we 
consume. And the same programs are being run for our Faridabad, Nashik and Maneja factories 
and all other large locations. And we will reach these parameters there. It’s a very systematic 
and structured program. And that’s something which we are committed to do within this year.  
Sustainability in practice, you can see some of the impressions of the actual work being done at 
our locations and plants. Our new head office in operation has integrated business and corporate 
office called Disha, which has more than 5000 ABB products being used in this three plus one 
floor building. And, next time when we have an opportunity to bring you here, maybe you can 
see it in action by yourself. Next, sustainability in practice, we did talk about a number of CSR 
projects that we carry out, we improve the infrastructure of the industrial area where we are 
present so that it’s safer for women as well as for people, pedestrians and traffic through 
substantial interventions there on the mobile health care units for Peenya Nelamangala, 
Vadodara, Nashik and Hyderabad. And of course, we partnered with many other charity 
organizations as well.  
We do see a massive CAPEX push by government to support growth and they fall in our sweet 
spot of our portfolio, be it data center, food and beverage, water and wastewater, transport, 
warehouse and logistics, electronics, pharma and health care, power distribution, building an 
infrastructure, marine and port, cement, metals and mining, and many of these segments are 
already rolling well, and we are seeing the other segments which are of interest to us, they will 
find traction as the inquiry base is getting built in those market segments as well. That was a 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
quick overview from my side, and I hand it over to Mr. TK Sridhar to take you through the 
financial highlights. 
TK Sridhar:  
Thank you Sanjeev. The performance overview for 2021, we have booked an order of 2243 
crores, probably the highest after several quarters for ABB India. It’s also notable to understand, 
as Sanjeev was mentioning, this includes a large order from a reputed oil customer, which is 
roughly around about 400 crores included in this, and there are some steel customers as well. 
Even on the base orders, we have seen a good traction compared to the previous year, which was 
only the base orders. So, we are having a strong order backlog, which will cover almost seven 
months of revenue on an overall basis, but it also has project revenues, which will have to spread 
over the project schedule. So, they will be certain book to bill orders which will come through 
in the next two quarters to come. We did have a strong bottom line in this particular quarter, and 
we will also deal with it going forward in more detail in subsequent slides. we had an 20% 
growth on profitability on profit before tax compared to the previous quarter. But on a year-to-
year basis, it was substantially higher. Similarly, for profit after tax, which was higher as it 
included certain exceptional items of business sale which happened during the last quarter. In 
the Q1’ 21, we had also another exceptional item of monetization or one of our plants in Mumbai. 
On cash balance, we are strong. We saw that whatever profits we earned during the year, 
excluded by the dividends and the tax advances what we pay, those profits are reflected in the 
cash position of the company. This is efficient for us for fueling the next set of growth which 
should come in 2022 onwards. 
This particular chart is quite interesting. One bit of information, which I would like to share with 
you, this actually is slightly different than what you would see in the SEBI results – the other 
income in SEBI. As per the reason standards, a net foreign exchange gain must be included in 
the income as per the SEBI, whereas, the chart which is in front of you is showing those results 
which is purely other income. The corresponding changes what has been carried out in the SEBI 
results, is reflected in the exchange and commodity variation net line in this particular chart. Last 
year, we had a 5-crore gain on a year-to-year on a full year basis. And this year we had a 40-
crore gain on the year-to-year basis. So, that’s why in the SEBI results, for the full year, other 
income is around 160 crores compared to 111 crores last year and 160 crores includes this 40 
crores which is there as a net income which is to be re-classed as per the standards. Other than 
that, if you see in this particular chart, we did leverage upon the capacity utilization and the huge 
volumes which we generated in Q4. However, that was offset by the headwinds, which we faced 
on the material cost is due to commodity increases, mainly impacting EL and MO divisions, 
because they definitely impact the short cycle orders as they always fixed price contracts and 
the price increase is always formed into the market follows after the cost increase is absorbed 
by the business. So, that’s something which we need to understand, but other expenses, probably 
the personal expenses, other expenses are all absolutely in control. And only those expenses 
related to revenue is what we saw.  
Travel, as an element, continues to remain muted because travel was not quite restricted this 
year. In future, we could also see some freight cost increasing because of the fuel prices, which 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
is increasing and also the volumes will increase. So, overall, we could deliver a strong result in 
this particular quarter and so far for the full year as well. We see the mix changing in terms of 
strong export content and services coming back in 2020, we had lesser services due to mobility 
constraint, which was easier in this particular year.  
Looking at how each business has performed. Electrification is continuing its growth journey 
and if you look on a quarter-to-quarter basis and also on the year basis, they have been pretty 
strong in their performance both in orders and revenues, and they have a strong backlog of 1316 
crores which is fully executable in the next few months to come. And they could see that the 
higher volumes what they had in the first two quarters could get converted to the revenues in 
next two quarters and they had benefited because of product mix. The improved price realization 
could help them offset some of the commodity prices increase they had to face. 
Motions had a bull run in this particular year. The first three quarters had a very strong growth 
and that resulted in the revenues picking up quite strongly; however, Motions also had to face 
the issue of material costs. The good part is that we could note how did we able to generate better 
capacity utilization this year is our integration with the global supply chain which helps us get 
the material on time and deliver it in despite the economy reeling under the pressure of material 
disruption, supply chain disruptions. So, overall, Motion had a good mix of service, good mix 
of exports and a good system orders which could deliver strong profitability.  
Process automation is probably seeing a comeback year,  Balaji is there and so he always keeps 
saying that when situation becomes tough, the tough get going and so here is the division, which 
has turned around in this particular year, we did have extraordinary items of legacy projects last 
year which we had taken. But overall, this year it’s an overall turnaround, both in terms of orders, 
revenues, profitability, and a strong cash which could be reflected in the results.  
Robotics and automation grew pretty strong in the first and second quarter. They were able to 
make up for last years’ muted growth in this particular year. They have a good backlog of 130 
crores, which will definitely be still augmented from the future pipelines.  
Given that we have the year end, we are giving a color of the constitution of our revenues. 
Revenues, predominantly, have taken a shift in the industry sector. The channels are slightly less 
integrated, other ones have picked up. So, it’s also a good mix what we see. And again, in the 
exports and the service offerings, we are strong, we did not miss any opportunities. So, while on 
this, I would like to just give a bit of an information on the slide, which you saw during Sanjeev’s 
presentation, that was for the full year on the service and export just done for Q4. I’m sorry for 
the typo.  
Talking about our focus areas in 2022. We will continue to focus on health and safety, including 
any probable threats from COVID which will still exist in the economy; it’s important to protect 
our human assets, who are vital for delivery of the results in the next year. We have a strong 
backlog so that calls for flawless execution of backlog to reflect in the bottom line and in the 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
revenues. And last but not least is, our secret of success which is our customer connect is tier II 
and tier III cities which has helped us to grow the base orders consistently. And as Sanjeev was 
saying, the positive momentum and the markets and also the policy decisions, what has been 
announced by the government, if it reflects on the ground, I’m sure that we will leverage it. We 
will continue our journey to focus sharply on the margins and stabilize it, going forward. Without 
any extraordinary income, we are talking of operating margins, clear margins from the business 
lines and also the risk which will be pertinent when we run any business. And so what is pertinent 
for us is the commodity and the FOREX volatility risk which will happen and to combat that 
particular risk, we will continue to focus on our supply chain actions,  and of course, look at 
hedging data front so that we are not taken by surprise on the FOREX element. Most important, 
is to have a good mix of orders from all avenues of services, exports and fast-growing segments 
where we have better margins.  
Lastly, I would come on the cash. Cash is strong, so we would like to consolidate further on this 
particular cash position, we will remain focused on cash collections and such. So, while on this, 
I would say our DSOs have substantially reduced than previous year levels. And that’s because 
of the good customer connect, quality revenues; our mantra of cash over revenue remains intact 
– that doesn’t take any preferential treatment. So, overall, we look forward for 2022 as a year, 
where we will have, we expect less disturbances in terms of COVID. But we will be agile to 
manage that as well. And we see that the growth momentum will start to slowly step in. 
So, with that we can close this call and we can take up questions.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL. Please go ahead.  
Renu Baid: 
Sir my first question is on your comment where you mentioned that few sectors have started to 
see a comeback in terms of demand environment and the outlook is improving. So, if you can 
give more color in terms of which are these end markets, where now demand is picking up. And 
this year, we also saw some system orders coming back in terms of inflows and driving growth 
in addition to the base orders. So, do we expect the system orders to continue growing in the 
next couple of years as investments in core sectors accelerate. That’s the first question. 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Sanjeev here. Thanks, Renu, for that question. On a broader basis, we do; just to give you a 
flavor of how we see the market segments tracking, in terms of the estimated growth rate we 
see, I’ll talk in the sequence. Renewables are on the top of the list based on water, then followed 
by water and wastewater, warehouse and logistics, electronics, food and beverage, pharma, data 
center, railway, power distribution, automotive, building and infra, marine and port. So, these 
are really tracking well. The ones which still have to come out to the double digit growth rates 
are in the cement, oil and gas, metals and mining, pulp and paper, rubber and plastic, textile, and 
conventional power generation are down right now or not tracking as strongly.  

 
ABB India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
When we correlate our view of the market and our engagement with the market, with the union 
budget segment impact, we believe that this budget will create more positive traction in 
renewables, water and wastewater, warehouse and logistics, pharma, data center, railways and 
metro, automotive, buildings and infra, marine and port, cement, and metals and mining. That’s 
a macro perspective and the first chart which I spoke about is our own perspective. Typically, it 
is good to read macros, but what we do is we read the market strength based on the inquiry and 
the interest from those segments and the customers build up towards us. So, we do feel that the 
ones which are already tracking well, they’re quite stable; we are not seeing any dislodgement 
there. But we are seeing that the inquiry base in the core sector segments, it’s increasing, both 
on the end user side, and also the OEMs, who supply into them, and also other integrators who 
are also our channel partners. So, that’s an overview for you Renu. 
Renu Baid: 
Sure. In the motion segment if we see sequentially there was weakness in inflows. So, are there 
any pockets of concern or certain end markets, which are slowing after a very strong growth or 
recovery that we saw in the last 12 months. Anything to worry or it’s more of a timing issue or 
transient impact in the market?  
TK Sridhar: 
Renu, it’s more of a timing issue. We had some system orders which got finalized in Q1 and Q2 
and the last quarters were more driven by the base orders.  
Renu Baid: 
Got it. Thirdly, on the cash utilization on exports, you had last year mentioned that the company 
is in the process of finalizing certain CAPEX plants to step up manufacturing capacities in the 
existing facility. So, any updates in terms of which product segments are we looking to expand 
capacity for export. And from cash utilization perspective apart from dividend, how do we plan 
to really use the strong cash which is there on books today? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Number one, it feels good to have some cash in the pocket. It doesn’t hurt, especially when we 
were in the middle of 2020, and we were really scraping all the battles how to pass through the 
COVID period because that was something which was a concern during lockdowns, et cetera. 
But now when we see how we have performed, and to build up our cash reserve that shows the 
underlying strength of our teams and our businesses, and that was good in 2020 and it is 
extremely good in 2021. Now to your question, in terms of our export led quarterly quality, yes, 
we have activated a number of divisions who have become more export oriented and some of 
them have grown to double and are likely to double again in one or two years. There are two 
divisions in motion division and already you have seen the expansion of our capacity in 
Faridabad. We also have capacity expansion plans in our Baroda factory where we do the large 
machines, which we are exporting across the world. At the same time, in electrification, there is 
a traction now, given our productivity and the operational stabilization and operational quality 
is quite high, it is the same standard as we deliver in a global basis; there is an increasing interest 
in our global growth to also ensure that they are meeting the demand in the different markets in 
the global side, from there. Process automation already serves various markets outside India in 
certain applications and robotic automation, they help certain application support as well. So, 
that’s the spread. You have to see us as a company, which is highly localized already for 18 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
divisions. Our investments are always in increments on top of what we have, we don’t have a 
need to make a big kind of a ticket expansion. It’s more incremental expansion, but they are 
substantial in terms of what it costs us as we go forward. At the same time for our cash reserves, 
it’s not because we have more cash, that’s why we are doing it. But we are also evaluating 
globally and in India, some inorganic possibilities. As and when they mature and as and when 
we like something that will be part of the play. So, that’s where apart from paying dividends, 
these cash reserves provide us a good support for operational revenue growth, as we will see 
with the strong backlog, but at the same time we have it for our expansion of our divisions as 
their business plan. As their capacities saturate, they will make more investments to expand. And 
then of course the play that will come on the inorganic side. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
I have a couple of questions. The first one is if you could just help us understand any decision 
taken on the electric charging division globally that is going in IPO, what would be for the Indian 
listed company. The second part is you also probably mentioned in your opening remarks, in the 
previous calls, about building automation and warehouse automation, which is an area where 
ABB does not have a market leading position and even perhaps, if you could just give more 
color on where are we heading over the next three, five years on this segment, that will be useful. 
The last part is you did mention about capacity expansion in various division. With the current 
capacity, what is the kind of growth that you can fund from the existing facilities and the factories 
and is there a need of greenfield investment sometime in the near future. Thanks, these are my 
questions. 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Thanks for the question. With respect to building automation and warehouse automation, if 
you’re following ABB closely, we globally acquired a company in Spain for warehousing 
automation, and our core robotics automation also goes into that space. We are seeing a very 
good traction of it in America as well as in Europe. We have had a good dialogue with certain 
large scale warehouse manufacturing, because you see it’s not only the money being spent by 
the smaller warehouse operators, but now we have the global money coming into those assets 
and they demand good space and good productivity. We are seeing traction there so we do see a 
positive scope for us as the time passes, because this global company that we have acquired will 
also become part of our offering locally and that’s how we will supply into the warehouse 
automation.  
When it comes to the building automation, our headquarter here in Disha is a testimony of how 
the building automation can bring the energy footprint down, combined with our motors which 
are IoT enabled as well as the drive which run the HCLT. So, you can knock off about 25%, 
30% energy footprint. And the same thing we demonstrated by the building we have opened in 
Bangalore for seven floor building for our R&D center. And those something which will be 
testimony available to all our customers. So, we are seeing increasing use of building automation 
in the hotels, the large hotel chains in this country has started converting their old hotels with  

 
ABB India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
automation and substantial business is taken by us with some leading brands or five star hotels. 
We know that buildings consume about 30%, 35% over the energy consumption in an economy. 
Given the ESG, as well as the energy efficiency movement, that is about to pick up or is picking 
up, we see this as a sweet spot for our portfolio, both for our electrification, our bidding 
automation, which also is part of the electrification and also for our motion portfolio with the 
high energy efficiency machines, combined with the drive that add to further efficiency. What 
was the second part of the question?  
Bhavin Vithlani: 
The second part of the question, there were two other questions. The expansions how far current 
capacity can take you.  
Sanjeev Sharma: 
On our balance sheet, we have lot of land adjacent to our existing plants, be it in Faridabad, be 
it in Maneja, be it in Nelamangala, be it in Peenya. We have enough land available to double our 
capacity without really having to buy anything outside. So, that’s number one, and that is adjust 
and to our existing plants. When we talk about Greenfield there’s nothing called Greenfield, we 
always have brownfield expansions. So, it means the same facilities, the same utilities. So, the 
cost of land is limited, we have cash in our balance sheet, we don’t need to borrow it. So, as and 
when the demand shows up, first what we try do is we always have a headroom of about 20%, 
25% on our capacity, that’s how we operate. And then we also have a possibility to run second 
shift, third shift based on how capacity and the demand peaks come our way. And the moment 
we start seeing the resilience of the economy as well as demand of the sector is strong enough, 
we start doing the forward planning. As we speak, I’m not at a discretion to tell you what, but 
right now we are setting up a new plant you can call it as a greenfield building in Nashik wherein 
we have a certain expansion wherein we will do very heavy localization of certain products, 
wherein we have a very strong market position. And we should do well with those kinds of 
investments. So, similar investments we did for robotics last year. And we have done the 
expansion for Faridabad plant and now we are doing expansion in Maneja in Faridabad. We are 
also doing the productivity gains investments in several other units, wherein we apply a lot of 
robotics. It’s not only the building brick and mortar, it is also what you do inside and how you 
do it. That’s another proposition we have towards our customer is not only the expansion of the 
building, how you are automate and how you robotized you’re in inside of your existing 
processes. That’s where again you gain a lot of productivity. So, this is a mix of things wherein 
we make our investment. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Sure. The last question was on the impact of the IPO EV charging on the Indian listed entity? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Well, this part is something is still being dealt by the global group. We haven’t assessed that 
kind of impact globally. As far as we know that this is part of ABB portfolio, and we continue 
to serve the customer, we continue to serve the demand. We have a very strong demand in 
western part of the world and also in Southeast Asia. And in India, it is picking up as the 
availability of the cars, high end cars start coming in we find that the more traction of EV 
charging space is building up in the country. But it is not at the same level as we see in Europe 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
and America at the moment. So, we will let you know when we get more information from the 
group on this. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Mahawar from Edelweiss. Please go 
ahead.  
Amit Mahawar: 
I have two quick questions. First is on the entire robotics industry market size. The way lot of 
sectors are undergoing expansion, especially in the auto chain. Do you think the market in RDA 
will move from current level of $150, $200 million to by 24-25, maybe around two to three 
times? Are we up for that kind of sizing in the RDA? And similarly, on the low voltage side 
where our product portfolio in 35 kW and below is pretty comprehensive where are we 
positioned to tap the market, that’s my first question. 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Okay. On the robotic side, couple of years three years back when we were talking, we had a 
consumption of about four robots per 10,000 workers in the country. Now it has gone to six 
robots per 10,000 workers in the country. And that’s 50% jump, but it’s a very, very low base 
right now. And if you look into similar economies of China, if you look into economy of South 
Korea, Japan, and many other countries which have manpower, but they want to do more 
automated work, it is 10 times or 15 times and 20 times size of the market. So, that’s a scale you 
have to keep in mind. Earlier, there was a less sensitivity towards robotic but now we know that 
all the companies of scale be it on the automotive side, which have been a prime driver, 
ancillaries which supplies into automotive, they can’t do without robotics. So, that’s number 
one. So, as that area expands, accordingly it will expand. All the processes are robotized there. 
Now the new areas in the electronics manufacturing, which is seeing a very good uptake, and 
we are also participating in those areas, we see that the area which is opening up in India, and 
we are supplying into many large electronics manufacturing place. In food and beverage, 
typically, there are a lot of bottlenecks, and they can be removed by robotics. And we are seeing 
that the large FMCG players are using our robotic solution at a much larger scale in last two to 
three years. Then we go to areas like warehouse and logistic that’s an area which is developing 
and that again we will have the proposition and the solutions provision there as well. So, we do 
see this is working and we are also looking into how the battery manufacturing, which will scale 
up in the country, will be able to use the more automated and robotics solution. My projection 
is that it will definitely expand to a much larger level, a much multiplier level of the current base 
because which is very low. So, initially the multiplier effect it will come and maybe in few years 
down the line, we will see quite a large number of workers in the country. So, that’s my 
projection.  
Now when it comes to the low voltage products parts, we do have Mr. Kiran Dutt in the room. 
So, question Kiran is what our strategy is and how we see the traction in the market. 
Kiran Dutt: 
Thank you, Sanjeev. On the low voltage side, we have been pretty aggressive in the market in 
terms of our positioning. We have gained quite a bit of market share over the past few years as 
well. As you can see, we have already grown and the numbers have been shown very clearly on 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
the electrification side, from both Sanjeev and Sridhar on that. And there are very key segments 
which we focus upon which is practically growing on the double-digit side as well. So, quite 
position segments operating in that particular markets, which is actually contributing growth. 
Let me mention a few of the segments, something like the data centers, the renewables, we have 
been pretty well positioned in these kinds of segments, as well as railways and building and 
infra. So, it’s a pocket for growth, the markets have really opened up now. And we are really 
positioned there as well. The second point I would like to emphasize is the growth is not only 
happening in the metro cities, but also it is also happening in Tier I and Tier II cities, many 
places, as you can see Metro in terms of infrastructure development, and we are trying to 
contribute ourselves in terms of the nation building activities as well. So, metros have been a 
very, very big part and we have been into that in terms of pushing our products there and 
positioning it very well in terms of competition as well. So, it’s been a good gain of ground in 
terms of the positioning in low voltage switch gear.  
Amit Mahawar: 
Thanks Kiran and Sanjeev. My second and last question is on, EBIT if you see the corporate 
EBIT, versus segmental EBIT now vis-à-vis last year our EBIT has doubled on low base, but 
what is not changing is the un-allocable item which is roughly around 160, 170 crore. My 
question is more about when ABB does all the hard work from bottom up, all the divisions 
contribute to profitability, somehow it is not translating to the corporate EBIT. And I know this 
question comes every quarter but is it that this number is something beyond our control as a 
variable or do you think we have something to do about it. Thank you. 
TK Sridhar: 
Okay. So, let me give you a bit more color on this. We have an entity to serve,  therefore, those 
costs which are at running this organization and certain common functions, which are to be held 
for the health of the business are those which are centrally hosted and which represents in the 
corporate sphere. So, that is forming part of the non-located stuff. If you look at the non-located 
PBIT, between last year to this year, we have 150 crores, which is similar to what it is. This has 
got three elements what we see one is space, there are certain PG power grid related non, 
business does not transfer to them electrical balance of plant and the rural electrification, which 
remained with ABB. So, we are absolutely now closed out all those projects, there are some 
small costs which come in over there as we close it. So, that’s one element that’s very minor. 
Another one is around the shared services cost, which is not a part of the ABB business results, 
but it’s part of the corporate realm and expense is what we take. Additionally, we have the other 
branding and other communication costs. So, this is actually quite stable compared to the last 
three to four years. So, as the volumes increase, this will not see a corresponding increase. This 
is all well monitored, when the money which are spent are now directed towards efficiencies, 
which would result in improving the profitability of the businesses.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead.  

 
ABB India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
The first question is pertaining to the e-mart sales for the current quarter or from full year 
perspective, if you can share what percentage of your EL segment is come from this, and what 
is the kind of growth specifically in this particular sub segment is what we are looking at? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
So, as far as this particular way of selling in the industrial market is concerned, one has to 
acknowledge this is a new approach in Indian market, and we are doing it with our own platform. 
So, what it does for us is, there are two sides of selling our product, one is the physical side, 
another is the reachability to the farthest corner of the country. So, what e-mart is doing is, is 
able to make these products available to the Tier II, Tier III, Tier IV cities in a seamless way, 
wherein what we find is that people are able to evaluate the portfolio, and they are able to make 
selection, and then they choose whether they want to place the order on the e-mart, or they want 
to place direct orders through the channel partners. We are seeing the earlier factors that we are 
seeing the related growth of our e-mart launched to be quite strong, but the flow of orders is still 
coming with the traditional channel of channel managers because each geography we have the 
channels which have been established. So, that’s how the physical interface and the virtual 
interface takes place. But we have seen also a lot of customers who are now moving towards 
buying from the e-mart channel itself. So, we have to allow the market to adjust itself, because 
it’s an industrial product, which has to be carefully selected with the parameters. While the 
customers select,  they want somebody to verify it for them that listen, they have done the right 
selection so that when the product comes when they apply it for their application, it is the right 
fit. So, it’s a behavior change. And also, as we gather those queries and kind of information they 
want, we also learn on our side, what kind of questions are coming and we keep on standardizing 
our configurator based on that so that the customers are able to choose those products effectively. 
So, that’s the kind of an effect we are seeing with e-mart at this point of time. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Got it. Second question is pertaining to your turbocharger business sale, if you can give us some 
indicated numbers on top line and what would be the net asset sale value that we can fetch from 
this asset? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
So, right now it’s not sold to a third party. Sridhar? 
TK Sridhar: 
Yes, at this point of time the board has approved the formation of a fully owned subsidiary under 
ABB India Limited. The same is under process at this point of time, we expect that process to 
complete in the next two to three months of time and probably, when we come for the first 
quarter results in the month of May is what we were able to provide more color on it  
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Sales percentage if you can share for last year? 
TK Sridhar: 
We don’t give that at this point of time we will give it to you later.  
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
And last third question is on the other expenses in the quarter, they have seen a very sharp jump 
although you mentioned that raw material price pressure has been there to some extent which 
has impacted margin while some of the other travel cost and freight cost have not normalized. 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
So, do we expect this cost to increase disproportionately from here when the other costs 
normalize or I you can highlight some of the major cost items which have seen an increase over 
year please? 
TK Sridhar: 
If you refer to the slides, i.e., slide number #18, and there if you look at it compared to the 
previous year of 1011 crores we are at 1162 crores that means, we are talking of a 50 crore 
increase while the revenues have jumped substantially. So, yes there will be certain if you look 
at these expenses, there are typically three categories of expenses one which is volume driven, 
one which is more of fixed expenses what we have and something which is semi fixed right. 
Variable expenses which form almost 30% to 40% of the other expenses will increase with 
respect to the revenues compared to other elements like travel, the packing, the other contracting 
services, allwill have an impact but the others would remain probably stable. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
In the slide #18, which you mentioned if you look at the other expense line item for the fourth 
quarter itself that’s 336 crores which is a jump of about 46 crores versus your third quarter of 
CY21. So, that is the change that I’m trying to inquire about.  
TK Sridhar: 
Okay, very good. Thanks for asking this particular question.I If you look at it, the majority of it 
has come from freight.  The sales for the quarter have increased substantially compared to the 
previous quarter. So, that’s one of the key drivers. The other one is around packing, which is 
also important because it’s also an element which has led to this thing and we need to stock 
certain stores and spares. Another element, of course, is the repairs and maintenance, as we are 
crank up our capacities to make sure that we are able to have the headroom for the growth. 
Broadly, these are the driver expenses which have increased and also quite a few things we have 
outsourced and perform on a subcontracting basis. So, that’s also another element which we 
have. The answer to your question, we don’t have any untoward one-off expenses it’s all normal 
expenses, which is more driven by the volumes what we need to execute.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We’ll take one last question which is from the line of Renjith Sivaram from 
Mahindra Manulife Mutual Fund. Please go ahead.  
Renjith Sivaram: 
Now that the Hitachi Energy has become completely independent and on its own feet. So, just 
wanted to get some clarity, is there anything that is stopping Hitachi from introducing this 
medium voltage, low voltage product of Hitachi in this Hitachi Energy subsidiary, is there any 
non-competing kind of an arrangement? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Renjith, I’m sure you will get this opportunity to ask this question to Hitachi Energy. So, we 
can’t comment on a portfolio of independent company and that’s a good order.  
Renjith Sivaram: 
No, just wanted to clarify whether is there any anything that you have any agreement that or if 
they are completely independent and on their own? 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
It’s a completely independent company under the umbrella of Hitachi Energy, and they should 
do what is suitable for their portfolio and what their market demand is. And of course, whatever 
has been written as an agreement in terms of portfolio globally, that will apply to them as well 
as to everybody. 
TK Sridhar: 
Renjith, let me answer this question in a different way. ABB in India is basically focused on the 
medium voltage and low voltage market, and we have no restriction to not to offer or to offer 
only to specific markets. So, the market is freely available and what we have to do is what we 
will do. What Hitachi does is their prerogative, there is absolutely something which we would 
like to clarify. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Okay, that’s helpful and sir one more thing, one of your strong competitors, CG Power has 
become more active in the market. So, are you also facing more of competitiveness in the related 
market there or you feel that it doesn’t impact much on for us? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Well, the nature of competition is that whenever the market expands, more and more players 
will come. It all depends upon what our relative spent is in the eyes of the customer. That’s all 
matters for us and what we do is, we work more towards the customer to have our proposition 
clearly defined that’s the only thing which we can control and manage. What impact a particular 
competition will have, that’s something which has to be seen with their strengths, and by the 
customers’ acceptance. We can’t make much comment on that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint that was the last question for today. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. TK Sridhar for closing comments.  
TK Sridhar: 
Thank you, everyone for joining this call, it was always a pleasure to answer to the questions 
and provide clarifications wherever possible. In case there still are certain unanswered questions, 
please feel free to reach out to me or Sohini; we will do our best to ensure that you get the 
immediate clarification. Thank you very much for joining the call and look forward to meet you 
in the AGM in the next quarter. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of ABB India Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited for improving readability) 
 
 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Investor / Analyst contact: 
TK Sridhar 
Chief Financial Officer   
sridhar.tk@in.abb.com 
 
Sohini Mookherjea 
Head – Corporate Communication 
sohini.mookherjea@in.abb.com 
  
Registered Office: 
ABB India Limited 
Plot No. 5 & 6, 2nd Stage, 
Peenya Industrial Area IV, Peenya 
Bangalore 560058 
Karnataka 
 
CIN: L32202KA1949PLC032923 
https://new.abb.com/indian-subcontinent 
 
