呸1 Avanti 
a 
1 Feeds Limited 
March 02, 2022 
The Deputy General Manager 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Code: 512573 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Aiding Sustainability & 
Reliability to Aquaculture 
The Listing Manager 
National Stock Exchange India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza 
Sandra (East) 
Mumbai -400 051. 
NSE Symbol: AVANTIFEED 
Sub: Transcript of Audio Conference Call for Investors held on February 21, 2022. 
* * * 
Further to our letter dated February 17, 2022, we enclose herewith the transcript of Audio 
Conference Call for Investors conducted on February 21, 2022 in connection with Un-Audited 
Financial Results for the Quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2021, and the same 
is being uploaded on the website of the Company at www.avantifeeds.com 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Avanti Feeds Limited 
呸呸呸Ct呸 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
Joint Managing Director, 
Company Secretary & CFO 
Encl: As above 
Corporate Office: G-2, Concorde Apartments, 6-3-658, 
Somajiguda, Hyderabad-500082, Telangana State, India. 
\. +91 (40123310260 /61 .!!i +91 (40123311604 
www.avantifeeds.com 
avantihoraavantifeeds.com 
Registered Office: Flat No.103, Ground Floor, R Square, 
Pandurangapuram, Visakhapatnam - 530003, 
Andhra Pradesh, India. 
CIN: L 16001AP1993PLC095778 

.呸 Avant!' 
n 
1 Feeds Limited 
Avanti Feeds Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
21st February 2022, 04:00 PM IST for a duration of 59 mins 31 secs 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
Mr. A. Indra Kumar 
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao 
Mr. A. Venkata Sanjeev 
Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh 
Mrs. Shantilata 
Ms. Lakshmi Sharma 
Chairman and Managing Director 
Joint Managing Director, CS & CFO 
Executive Director 
ED Avanti Frozen Foods Private Limited 
General Manager - Finance and Accounts 
Manager- Corporate Affairs 
- 1 - 

Moderator 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, I am Moumita, moderator for the conference call. Welcome 
to 03 and 9M FY22 Post Earnings Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Ltd, hosted by K-FIN 
Technologies. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * and O on your touch-tone 
telephone. 
I would now like to hand over the floor to Mr. Sherwin Fernandes of K-FIN Technologies. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Sherwin Fernandes 
Thank you, Moumita. Good evening everyone. Welcome to the Avanti Feeds Q3FY22 Post 
Results Earnings Conference Call. On behalf of Avanti and K-FIN Technologies, we'd like to wish 
each participant and their near and dear ones a very warm 2022, and we wish them good health 
and prosperity. 
From the management, we have with us Mr. A Indra Kumar, Chairman and Managing Director, 
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao, Joint Managing Director, CS & CFO, Mr. A Venkata Sanjeev, 
Executive Director, Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh, Executive Director of Avanti Frozen Foods Private 
Limited, Ms. Shantilata, General Manager-Finance and Accounts, and Ms. Lakshmi Sharma, 
Manager Corporate Affairs. 
I now request the management to take over the call. Thank you and over to you. 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
Thank you, Mr. Sherwin. Good evening ladies and gentlemen. I'm C.R Rao, Joint Managing 
Director to start the proceedings. On behalf of the board, on behalf of the company, I extend a 
warm welcome for all of you for this Investors Conference calls to review the unaudited financial 
results for Q3FY22. Along with me here are Mr. Nikhilesh, Mr. Venkata Sanjeev, Mr. Indra Kumar 
is also around, he will be joining in a short while and Mrs. Shantilata, GM Finance, Ms. Lakshmi, 
Manager-Corporate Affairs and other team members. The results of Q3FY22 are already with you 
for some time now and we are sure that you would have gone through them. 
However, I would like to share with you some of the key indicators relevant for our discussion 
today. 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR Q3 FY22: 
Q3 FY22 RESULTS: 
First, we'll take up the consolidated financial results for 03 FY22. The comparative performance 
of 03 FY22 with that of 02 FY22 and 03 FY21 have been given in the presentation already 
circulated. Gross income in 03 FY22 is Rs. 1,088 crores as compared to Rs. 1,252 crores in the 
previous quarter 02 FY22, a decrease of Rs.164 crores down by about 13%. Compared to 03 
FY21 gross income of Rs. 944 crores there is a decrease of Rs. 144 crores by 15%. The PBT is 
66 crores in 03 FY22 as compared to Rs. 38 crores in 02FY22, an increase of Rs. 28 crores by 
7 4%, and compared to 03 FY21, PBT of Rs. 108 crores, there is a decrease of Rs. 42 crores by 
39%. The consolidated results indicate net impact of several factors such as increase, decrease 
in income, expenditure and exceptional items related to feed as well as frozen foods division, 
which have been discussed in the following divisional performance of this units. 
STANDALONE FINANCIAL RESULTS OF FEED AND PROCESSING DIVISIONS 
A. FEED DIVISION: 
Q3 FY22 RESULTS 
Let me first discuss about feed division, the gross income for 03 FY22 is Rs. 819 crores as 
compared to Rs. 982 crores in the previous quarter 02 FY22, decreased by 163 crores and down 
by 17% mainly deduction in feed sales due to lean season for the aquaculture. The gross income 
in 03 FY22 increased to Rs. 819 crores from Rs. 697 crores in the corresponding quarter of 03 
FY21 increased by Rs. 122 crores by 18% mainly due to increase in sales volume and sales price. 
However, the 9 Months FY22 registered a gross income of Rs. 3,058 crores as compared to Rs. 
2407 crores in corresponding 9M FY21, an increase by 27%. Increase is on account of increase 
in sales volume by 63,367 metric tons, but which is represents about 18.41 % an increase in sale 
price. The PBT for the 03 FY22 is Rs. 50 crores as compared to Rs. 20 crores in 02 FY22, an 
increase of Rs. 30 crores, by 150%. 
The PBT in 03 FY22 is reduced to Rs. 50 crores from 78 crores in the previous quarter 03 FY21 
of the corresponding quarter, 03FY21 decreased by 36%. 
. 3 . 

You may observe that in spite of increase in gross income due to increase in volume of feed sales 
and feed price, the PBT has come down by 36% compared to the corresponding quarter Q3 FY21 
due to steep increase in raw material prices. 
As you know, there are three (3) major raw materials - Fish Meal, Soyabean Meal, Wheat Flour, 
which significantly impact the raw material cost of feed. While Wheat Flour prices were less 
volatile at Rs. 21 to Rs. 24 per kg during the FY21 and first 3 quarters of FY22, the other two raw 
materials, Fish Meal and Soya bean Meal have been highly volatile, leaning towards higher prices. 
During FY20, the fish meal average price was Rs. 89 per kg, went up to Rs 94 per kg, which 
further went up during the first three quarters of FY22 to the extent of Rs. 102. The main reason 
appears to be shortage in fish catches, coupled with large export demand, and pushed up the 
prices. It's hoped that that fish catches improve and demand for export reduces, which is expected 
in a short time, maybe about 15-20 days, the prices would help the stabilization of fish meal prices 
in due course. 
Similarly, the prices of soya bean meal also increasing steeply in the past nine months of FY22 
compared to FY21 and FY20. In spite of several steps initiated by the government, such as 
permitting import of soya bean meal for a short span to check the unabated increase of soya, 
suspending trading of soya in NCDEX even with a good crop, the prices are not coming under 
control. The average soya bean meal price has been Rs 70 per kg during the first 3 quarters of 
FY22 compared to about Rs. 43 Rupees in the FY21. 
However, it is hoped that the steps taken by the government will yield results in due course and 
soya bean meal price will stabilize. Recently, the government in order to control hoarding, issued 
order prohibiting stocks of soya bean meal beyond the 200 metric ton by traders. 
Increase in Sale price of Feed: 
Increase in sale prices of feed is one of the ways by which they maintain the margins. 
However, in spite of increasing the average feed price realization by about Rs. 8.07 in the 9 
months, 3 times increased, Rs. 2 once, Rs 3.15 paise, and Rs 4.25 paise, the third time due to 
steep increase in raw material prices, the raw material costs increased by about Rs 10.48 per kg 
leaving a difference of Rs 2.41 paise unabsorbed. 
.) 
- 4 - 

However, with soybean meal and fishmeal prices likely to come down gradually, expected to 
stabilize the cost of raw material price in near future and margins are likely to improve. 
In this context, it is relevant to mention that a cautious approach has to be taken before 
considering any price increase due to governmental regulatory constraints and recent budget 
decision to bring back customs duty on feed import to 5% or 15% which was increased to 15% in 
Jul'21, very recently. However, the government took the decision to bring it back down to 5% 
again in the recent budget. Representations have already been made to the government to 
restore the 15% import duty in the interests of the domestic industry because large domestic 
industries are suffering because of the competition from the imported feed. 
8. SHRIMP PROCESSING DIVISION: 
Q3 FY22 Results 
The gross income for 03 FY22 is Rs. 270 Crores as compared to Rs. 273 Crores in 02 FY22, 
registering a degrowth of Rs. 3 Crores at 1 %. The gross income in 03 FY22 increased to Rs. 270 
crores from Rs. 242 crores compared to corresponding quarter in 03 FY21, an increase by 12% 
mainly due to increase in sales volume by 499 metric tons. 
However, for the 9 months ended December 31, 2021, gross income registered an increase of 
7% to Rs. 718 Crores as compared to Rs. 670 Crores in corresponding 9 months of the previous 
year. The increase is mainly due to increase in sales volume by 701 metric tons from 8,576 metric 
tons, 9277 metric tons and price realization remained at almost the same level. 
The PBT (before the exceptional item) for 03 FY22 is Rs. 26 Crores as compared to Rs. 41 
Crores in 02 FY22, a decrease by 15 crores represents 36% mainly due to inclusion of MEIS 
benefit of Rs. 14.14 crores pertaining to FY21 received during 02 FY22. Excluding impact of 
MEIS, the 02 FY22, the PBT is Rs. 27 crores as compared to Rs. 26 crores in 03 FY22 which is 
almost the same level. The PBT in 03 FY22 is Rs. 26 Crores, a decrease from Rs. 32 crores in 
the corresponding quarter, 03 FY21, a decrease by 19% mainly due to increase in ocean freights 
by around US$ 5,097 per container. 
However, for nine months ended December 31, 2021 registered a PBT before the exceptional 
item of Rs. 79 crores as compared to Rs. 107 crores the previous year, nine months, a decrease 
by 26% mainly due to increase in ocean freights by around US$ 3,681 per container. 
- s - 

The average freight rates during 9M FY22 is Rs. 5.41 lakhs per container as compared to 2.67 
lakhs per container during the corresponding period of FY21. 
RoDTEP: 
The Government of India had announced a new incentive scheme, Remission of Duties and 
Taxes on Export Products introduced effective from January 01, 2021 in the place of MEIS. As 
per the scheme announced by the government, the company is eligible for RoDTEP scripts to the 
extent of Rs. 18.48 Crores from 1st January 2021 to 31st December 2021, for which no provision 
has been made, and will be accounted for as and when it is received. 
STATUS OF RECALLED PRODUCTS BY AFFPL: 
As you are aware, the company had to recall some of the consignments of cooked shrimp 
products found to be with Salmonella contamination by USFDA and CDC in the recalled products. 
The recall had to be made twice in Jun'21 initial and Aug'21 (Expanded). The recalled products 
are not allowed to be brought back to India and they have to be destroyed in US itself. 
As a result, the company is liable to compensate import customers for recalled products and 
related expenses of destruction charges, etc., to the extent of the product returned and destroyed. 
The company is also liable for reimbursement of medical and related expenses to the consumers 
who fell sick and underwent treatment after consuming the recalled products. 
INSURANCE COVERAGE: 
The company has product liability insurance coverage, the medical and related expenditures 
mentioned above; however, there is no insurance coverage in respect of reimbursement of 
products returned and destroyed, and also other related expenses such as product destruction, 
call center management, storage expenses, etc. These costs had to be met by the company. 
PROVISION IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 
In the financial statements, the provision has been made for the 9 months, a sum of Rs 27.50 
crores. Q3 FY22, a provision of Rs 6.25, 02 FY22, Rs. 17.15 crores, and Q1 FY22, Rs. 4.10 
Crores has been made a provision as an exceptional item towards value of returned destroyed 
product and other related expenses on actual basis and as and when received. A provision is 
being made on a quarterly basis. Out of the set provision, an amount of Rs 6.11 crores has been 
returned to the customers. 
- 6 - 

The provision in the financial statement has been made on the basis of the returned and destroyed 
value of the products together with the related expenditure as stated above is Rs 27.50 crores. 
As regard to the claims for bodily injury caused by consuming company's contaminated products 
under recall, the company's insurer New India Assurance Company has appointed a surveyor 
recently for processing the claims. So far, the company has received 16 claims towards bodily 
injury, which have been forwarded to the insurance surveyor for processing. Since the liability has 
been covered under the Commercial General Liability Insurance Policy, no provision has been 
made in the financial statements. 
PRESENT STATUS OF TERMINATION OF RECALL AND REINSTATING GREEN LIST 
STATUS: 
The Company received communication from USFDA, stating that all the information, 
documentation required from the Company has been received by them, and it will take some time 
to terminate the recall which will be informed in an automated email. 
The Company has shipped out five containers of cooked shrimp on clearance by USFDA, these 
containers, the green list will be restored, lifting red alert which is expected to happen about in 45 
days. Once the red alert is lifted, the company will be in a position to accelerate exports of cooked 
shrimps. 
PU SCHEME APPLICATION MADE BY THE COMPANY: 
On November 29, 2021, the Ministry of Food Processing published the list of qualified applicants 
based on fulfilment of basic criteria, and also the applicants eligible for the PLI scheme on the 
basis of ranks assigned and allocation of funds earmarked by the Government of India Rs. 993 
crores in all 11 (eleven) seafood processing units, including the company have been qualified and 
are selected for PLI scheme by earmarking funds of Rs. 79.44 crores to each of the applicants in 
fulfilling the achieving certain criteria. 
The company has completed necessary documentation, including providing bank guarantee to 
the department to comply with the conditions of PLI sanction. 
- 7 - 

INDUSTRY OVER VIEW - FUTURE OUTLOOK: 
As the world gradually recovering from COVID-19 impact, you may notice that the performance 
in calendar year 2021 was much better than calendar year 2020, and it's expected to be still better 
in 2022. 
At the start of this year, the environment for shrimp culture in the country is highly favorable and 
a promising year appears certain. The total production of shrimps is expected to increase as the 
farm gate prices are at all-time high and remunerative and climatic conditions are favorable. The 
Company estimates that India would be able to produce about 8 lakhs metric tons of shrimps with 
an estimated consumption of about 12 to 13 lakhs metric tons of shrimp feed. 
SHRIMP PRODUCTION AND FEED CONSUMPTION IN 2021 AND COMPANY PLANS: 
Shrimp Feed Consumption: 
The Shrimp Feed consumption in India declined to about 9.55 lakhs tons in the calendar year 
2020; however, as the demand for shrimps increase in calendar 2021 due to return of normalcy 
and favorable shrimp culture conditions, the shrimp feed consumption grew by 10% to 15% over 
the previous year, with consumption of shrimp feed around 11 lakhs tons. 
The company's feed sales during the calendar year 2021 was about 5.36 lakhs metric tons and 
expected to be around 6 to 6.5 lakhs metric tons in calendar year 22, an increase by about 15% 
to 20%. The company is expected to maintain its market share of about 48% to 50%. 
As the demand for shrimp feed is expected to increase, then company is in the process of 
expanding the shrimp feed capacity by setting up a new plant with the annual installed capacity 
of 1,75,000 metric tons with an estimated CapEx of Rs 125 Crores and expected to commence 
commercial production by June 2022. 
Shrimp Processing & Export: 
The production and exports from India in calendar year 2021 was around 6.5 lakhs metric tons; 
however, during the current year January 2022, the production and exports of shrimp feed is 
estimated to be around 7 .5 to 8 lakhs metric tons, a growth of about 10% to 15% over the previous 
year. The company's shrimp exports in calendar year 2021 
is about 219 metric tons. The 
estimated export in calendar year 2022 is about 13,500 metric tons, a growth of about 10% to 
12% over the previous year. 
- 8 - 

The company envisages to invest Rs. 81.32 Crores towards CapEx for setting up preprocessing, 
processing new units with an estimated capacity of 7,000 metric tons per annum. 
With this, I would like to conclude with a positive note that Aquaculture industry is poised for a 
relatively improved performance in 2022 compared to 2021. Thank you. Now we'll take up the 
questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. If you 
have a question, please press * (star) and 1 (one) on your telephone keypad and wait for your 
turn to ask the question. If you would like to withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * 
(star) and 1 (one) again. Participants are requested to restrict to one question per person in the 
initial round and may join the queue back for further questions. Thank you. 
First question from Depesh Kashyap from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead, sir. 
Depesh Kashyap 
Good evening, and thanks for taking my questions. Sir, given the current price of soya meal and 
the fish meal, in my view, you will need another four Rupees per kg price hike to restore your 
profits to historical level. Sir, is that assumption correct and secondly, given the farm gate and the 
International Shrimp prices high, they look very favorable. So, do you think you will be able to 
take the price hike in coming months? 
A. Indra Kumar 
Good evening Mr. Depesh. Definitely, we would be able to take the price hike because the shrimp 
price are high and also the situation is, the raw material prices are rising, and we are looking into 
it. 
Depesh Kashyap 
Sir, by when do you think? Because I think this February is already over, so do you think in the 
coming weeks. 
A. Indra Kumar 
By this month end first week. 
- 9 - 

Depesh Kashyap 
Oh great. And also given the inventory, just want to sense, how are the inventory levels in US 
because last year the US demand was very strong, so do you think it can be sustained this year 
also? 
A. Indra Kumar 
The inventory levels in US, I believe by end of December, it was the Christmas season and the 
New Year, the consumptions were good, and the demand is there. 
Depesh Kashyap 
Okay, great. Sir, price rise that you said, just a follow up on this, please. 
Moderator 
If you could come back, Mr. Kashyap? 
Depesh Kashyap 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. The next question from Mr. Ashwini Agarwal from Ashmore. Please go ahead, sir. 
Ashwini Agarwal 
Good afternoon. You spoke about the import duty protection of 15% going down to 5% being an 
issue, but my question is that if the raw material prices such as fish meal and soymeal are driving 
up your costs, those would be more or less global events, right or is there anything specific that's 
hurting you more than it's hurting other producers? 
A. Indra Kumar 
No, see in global pricing there is a demand and supply across the globe. In fact, the prices of fish 
meal and soymeal have been going up across the world. 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
Yeah. Ashwini, another thing, which I may add to what CMD said, is that these companies which 
are exporting to India has certain advantages over our Indian conditions, because some of the 
raw materials in soya bean meal, which is GMO seed, they will be getting at a slightly lesser price 
than what we are procuring locally. Our prices are little bit higher and similarly because of the 
ocean price and all the transportation charges for fish meal if we import it would be more, but the 
- 10 - 

local price there is a lot of demand for export of fish meal from India. So, these two couple of 
advantages that the foreign companies are getting is apart from the local duties are also less, 
number two the soybean prices are less, and added to that they are getting this 10% advantage. 
So, they are passing on that advantage to the local dealers. So, that is what it is happening, but 
the CMD has met the senior officials in Delhi and told them that because there is lot of 
representation, they have increased it to 15% only in July 21, and again because of this budget 
this year, now they have increased to 15%, we are now again given representation to bring back 
to 15% increased 5% to 15%. The government will understand the situation because a lot of inbuilt 
installed capacity is available in India for feed manufacture, definitely to protect the domestic 
industry, and also the Prime Minister's the policy of Made in India, and this will be a value addition 
definitely. I think the government will take a positive look at it. 
A. Indra Kumar 
Yeah, maybe we are representing to the Government of India regarding the duty for the imported 
shrimp. We are working on that and also the ocean price for the imported price has gone up very 
high. See, they have advantage of duty, the GMO soya, but also when they export the container 
costs have gone up very high. See, we should work with the government and say that the 15% is 
retained. We are working on that. 
Ashwini Agarwal 
Sir, one quick question. 
Moderator 
Mr. Agarwal. 
Ashwini Agarwal 
Madam, is the same question. Please give me a second. Just connecting this to what the previous 
caller had asked, assuming the duties remain where they are, do you have the room to take a 4 
Rupee price increase? 
A. Indra Kumar 
Yes, definitely. 
Ashwini Agarwal 
Okay, thank you so much. 
- 11 - 

Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Next question from Mr. Nitin Awasthi from lncred Equities. Please go ahead, sir. 
Nitin Awasthi 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity. One question, very straightforward on the PLI scheme. As we 
read from the details, what it says is, on value added marine products, you get an incentive of 
10%, add the RoDTEP incentive to that, add the duties drawback to that, so you're looking at 15% 
definite incentives. 
Is there any notification, any review from the government that one of these 
incentives will not be allowed if you take the PLI incentive or . 
A. Indra Kumar 
There is nothing like that Mr Awasthi. 
Nitin Awasthi 
Oh, Got it. I'll just follow up on that. If you are going for that, wouldn't it be prudent to start and 
produce as much shrimp as possible to get the PLI incentive and if you do that, how much is 
allotted to the company for the PLI scheme? 
A. Indra Kumar 
What is it? I didn't get you. 
Nitin Awasthi 
No, if you're going to get incentives close to 15%, it should be the company's best interest to 
produce as much as processed shrimp as possible, and if it does that, how much is the money 
allocated specifically to the company or the sector in which how much is to the company or is it 
like competitive that this much money has been allocated to the sector and whichever company 
maximize it, can get the maximum benefit in it? 
A. Indra Kumar 
This is 933 crores which has been allocated to the sector. And for the company it has been 
around 80 crores approximately. 
Nitin Awasthi 
Okay, approximately 80 crores benefit. Okay, got it sir. 
A. Indra Kumar 
The PLI scheme for you to understand, it is more than what we do this year, next year how much 
we do, we get only for that, incremental. 
- 12 - 

Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Will request Mr. Awasthi to come back in the queue again. We'll take the next 
question, sir. It comes from Mr. Dipak Saha from Savart SEBI registered. Please go ahead, sir. 
Dipak Saha 
Thanks for taking my question, sir. If you can emphasize a little bit on the price hike path, because 
the realization currently stand at 75 whereas it should have been around as for the previous 
announcement close to 78, so why exactly we have not taken the price hike in this particular 
quarter and when we are planning to take this going forward? 
A. Indra Kumar 
As we said, we are going to take the price hike sometime in the first week of next month. 
Dipak Saha 
Okay. And, it would be in the same alignment, sir, the announcement that we made earlier? 
A. Indra Kumar 
Pardon me. 
Dipak Saha 
The range of the price hike, could be that of 4 Rupees range or we can further expand it? 
A. Indra Kumar 
We are working out on that. 
Dipak Saha 
Okay. And sir, regarding this product recall. If you could kindly allow me this question, because 
this is. 
Moderator 
Sorry, sir, if you could come back in the queue, please. 
Dipak Saha 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you so much, sir. The next question from Mr. Yogansh Jeswani from Mittal Analytics. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
- 13 - 

Yogansh Jeswani 
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity, sir. My question is on the proposal that we have put forward in 
our board meeting the other day regarding the salary hike that management is seeking. So, given 
the kind of cash flows that we have and investors' concern for last several years of the usage of 
cash, isn't a better way to reward promoters as well as the shareholders is to go the way of 
buyback or something, or a higher dividend instead of increasing managerial remuneration? Your 
thoughts on that, sir. 
A. Indra Kumar 
Sir, we are giving dividend, good dividends and we are rewarding the investors on the good 
dividend, and I think if the performance is good, we may go higher dividend also. 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
Our GM Finance will explain the reason for hike. Please explain Ms. Shanti. 
Shantilata 
Hello, good afternoon. Mr. Dipak, see, our whole-time director's remuneration is a combination of 
fixed portion and a percentage of profits. So, and with it within the of overall limit of the Companies 
Act and the Companies Act, the limits was fixed long time back. I think at the inception of the 
Companies Act. So, the fixed portion is expected to cover the increase in the cost of living and 
other inflation year on year. So, when we are taking the overall commission and this together, it 
would be exceeding the overall limit fixed by the Companies Act. Now, the Companies Act is 
allowing you to take more percentage, so that is why we are going for an increase. 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
Shanti, let me tell you, one thing. First, these remunerations are fixed. It is not that we cannot 
increase the remuneration, but there are certain conditions which were prescribed and if you look 
at the table in the schedule in the Companies Act, the fixed salaries given in a specified manner. 
We cannot exceed that. A simple logic if you apply, let us say in the 5% if your salary itself, the 
salary and others which are essential, and which in an over a period of time, even in normal an 
employee gets a 10% increase in his salary over the years. If you take last 10 years, the schedule 
has not altered, in fact it was prescribed much earlier. If you take even the 10% annual increment 
it would be much more than 100% increase that is needed to be made in order to make the salary 
itself, the fixed percentage, the fixed a component of the remuneration. 
- 14 - 

See, once you increase it to 10%, what is happening is, your overall remuneration, the percentage 
of commission on the profit is getting drastically reduced. It is based on the performance of the 
company, and moreover, the performance of the companies again dependent on several other 
factors, for example, in our own company, we are seeing that the raw material prices have gone 
up, the share price realizations have come down. So, the margins are reducing. So, even if you 
put percentage commission, it won't really make but that is not the criteria which is contemplated 
under the Act. 
The Whole-time Directors work in the interest of the company and the investors. So, these are 
the reasons by which, we consider, because we have not acted the terms of fixing the 
remuneration, salary particularly. We have not gone through it till now. Because of this specific 
reason, we have done it and rather now the shareholders have the power to give them whatever 
the relief that they consider that the management deserves, we should give it. That's the reason 
why we have gone into that. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. The next question from Mr. Aman Madrecha from Augmenta Research. Please 
go ahead, sir. 
Aman Madrecha 
Sir, actually, I wanted to ask, like given that there is raw material inflationary scenario going on, 
so how are we looking at the demand side, like are we seeing a robust demand or is there some 
reduction, and also can you just explain me why 03 is the weak quarter? 
A. Indra Kumar 
Pardon me, your voice is not there, sir. We are not able to understand. 
Aman Madrecha 
Hello, is it audible now? 
A. Indra Kumar 
We can hear you, but voice is not clear. 
Moderator 
Mr. Madrecha, there is slight echo in the voice, if you're using a headset if you could remove that. 
Aman Madrecha 
Okay. Now it's audible? 
- 15 - 

A. Indra Kumar 
Yes. 
Aman Madrecha 
So, I wanted to ask, given that the raw material inflationary scenario, so how are we looking at 
the demand side, like are we seeing any robust demand or is there is some reduction. And, can 
you just explain why 03 is a seasonally weak quarter for us? 
A. Indra Kumar 
Pardon me. 
Aman Madrecha 
Like in Q3, generally capacity utilization comes to around 65% to 70%, against like 85% to 90% 
every quarter. 
A. Indra Kumar 
Sir, this is seasonal industry. See, shrimp culture is seasonal industry. This is two crops, I think 
following the shrimp industry, it is the seasonal industry. Actually, the crop starts, the farmer seeds 
around from the mid of January to almost first week of April, and he starts harvesting from end of 
April to July. And the second crop he starts around June. This is how the culture goes on. At the 
end of the year they harvest, so this is a seasonal industry. If you take the sales of every third 
quarter, you can see it is same every year. 
Aman Madrecha 
Okay and sir, also on the first part of the question. 
Moderator 
Mr. Madrecha! 
Aman Madrecha 
No, I just want because the first part of the question that how is the demand. 
Moderator 
You come back in the queue please. 
A. Indra Kumar 
That the demand for the sea food is going up and the culture is going up, and that's why we are 
expanding, and we are expecting our sales would go up. 
- 16 - 

Moderator 
Thank you, sir. We request Mr. Madrecha to come back in the queue please. Thank you. We have 
a follow up question from Mr. Nitin Awasthi from lncred Equities. Please go ahead, sir. 
Nitin Awasthi 
Hello, sir, thank you for the follow up. I would like to ask why, was there a company incorporated 
the Thai Unions, the state. 
It was specifically, not mentioning what part that Thai Union has 
contracted with the promoters in the Avanti to form a separate company for some business of 
Thai Union in India, why is that being kept out of the purview of Avanti Feeds? 
A. Indra Kumar 
The business which Thai Union, it is the business of RBF, RBF is a food ingredient company 
which is more of a seasoning business, and which is much related to poultry meat industry and 
also part of sea food industry. Since it is a trading activity where Avanti Feeds is a major 
production company of producing shrimp feed and into aquaculture related activities where we it 
is a trading activity between and also it is only 51 % is held by the RBF. It is a minority share, so, 
it is not of much activity what we had, and since it is a trading business, Avanti has been more of 
a manufacturing and direct customer related. 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
I would like to add that, as CMD said, the 51 % is held by RBF and the 19% is held by Thai Union, 
so together 70% is held by the foreign company, and they want to trade their own products under 
their brand and we are putting only 30%, the management is by them only. Also, it is not much 
connected with our regular business. 
As he is rightly said that we are not manufacturing, and we are not responsible for the products 
inside and all these things are taken by them. We are only because being in India and one of the 
large groups with reliable reputation here, as a group they've considered us as a partner. That is 
the criteria they have adopted. You know as a matter of policy, we want to focus more on our 
quality of the product, expanding our activity, focus on this industry, manufacturing and feed, and 
processing and expand. We are going for expansion. We are going for processing plant also. We 
are going for expansion. We want to keep our focus more on these products rather than getting 
into the altogether a new business which we don't have at all experience in that at this point of 
time. The management is theirs. Because this is their company. The holding company is the RBF, 
they are into the ingredients manufacturing and distribution. They want to do their import and do 
their trading activity here. 
- 17 - 

Nitin Awasthi 
Understood, sir. 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
It also not in a significant way, it is much less business, maybe 5-10 crores. It will not be more 
than that. So, we do not want to get into that. That's the reason why we have kept it different from 
the Avanti Feeds. 
A. Indra Kumar 
See it's a trading business and the management is not in our hands and the brands as Mr. Rao 
said, is not our brands and it's the RBF brands, so anything would be not to be in the interest of 
the company. 
Nitin Awasthi 
Understood, sir. And, on the feeds that the company is actually expanding on like the fish feed 
segment, if you could shed some light on the concrete plans to go ahead, like to mention from the 
aqua shrimp segment that we are actually seeing very, very good demand, how is the demand 
and how do we foresee the demand there for your produce, because you had mentioned species 
like Sea bass which actually still need a lot of support to be domesticated in India. 
A. Indra Kumar 
Yeah, it takes some time. Actually, it takes some time and we are working seriously on that and 
the process is on. 
Nitin Awasthi 
By when can we expect concrete results, sir or at least concrete plan? 
A. Indra Kumar 
It may take another six months to one year. 
Nitin Awasthi 
Got it, sir. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. 
Nitin Awasthi 
Thank you. 
- 18 - 

Moderator 
The next question from Mr. Akhil Hazari from Robo Capital. Please go ahead, sir. 
Akhil Hazari 
Hello, good evening, am I audible? 
A. Indra Kumar 
Yes. 
Akhil Hazari 
Sir, I just wanted to know, could you give us any revenue guidance of FY23 and FY24 and you 
know, as the raw material prices stabilize, going forward, what are the margins that you're 
targeting? 
A. Indra Kumar 
We are targeting around 10%. 
Akhil Hazari 
EBITDA margin? 
A. Indra Kumar 
10-12% 
Akhil Hazari 
EBITDA margins, right? 
A. Indra Kumar 
Yes. 
Akhil Hazari 
Okay, fine. And revenue guidance? 
A. Indra Kumar 
See, I think revenue should grow another 15%. 
Akhil Hazari 
Fifteen percent for both, so FY23 and FY24? 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
FY21, we may go by about 10% to 15%, we will go. We are targeting. See it's a seasonal business, 
at this point of time, in the beginning of the season, we are expecting it to be very good. If things 
- 19 - 

go well without any problems in the process, we should be able to easily achieve about 10% to 
15% increase in the revenue growth, and margins it all again depends on the raw material prices, 
r 
how much price hike we can really take it. All these things put together, we are targeting you 
know, now it is around 6%, we are targeting about 10%. One is on the raw material prices hoping 
to be stabilized. Similarly, we are hoping to get some price hike also, put together we should be 
able to achieve about 10% EBITDA. 
Akhil Hazari 
Okay, fine. That's it from my end. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. The next question from Mr. Puneet Mittal from Global Core Capital. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Puneet Mittal 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Can you hear me fine? 
A. Indra Kumar 
Yes. 
Puneet Mittal 
Yeah, thank you. I have been following this company for many years and I think this is more of a 
suggestion than a question. As Mr. Rao just said, for last few years there has been constant 
challenges in the business and even after that many shareholders have stood with the company 
to thick and thin. However, the biggest wealth for both the shareholders and the management will 
be created through the right valuation, which is discovered in the market. I think the current steps 
that the management has taken has created a lot of red flags which is including the cash that is 
kept on the book, the increase in remunerations, having businesses outside the purview of the 
core business and everything. 
Now, I know you have defended some of those things, which is fair, but this will only create more 
red flags for the company and that is very much visible with a valuation of the company, which 
has been very stagnant for last few years. So, I think I just expect, and I just would like the 
management to consider this that why is the market valuation of the company has been stagnant 
and has not been rising, and if we continue to add more red flags, it may create further devaluation 
of the company. Thank you so, much. 
- 20 - 

C. Ramachandra Rao 
See, let me just address the first couple of questions which you had the red flags which you 
consider, but, we at the management level, we do not consider as red flags because, number 
one, you talked about keeping the funds, because in a very tight financial market situation, it is 
always to be a cash comfortable position, where you would be able to maintain your cash flows 
intact. See, maybe a little bit more than what is required maybe there, but certainly that would 
only help in case of need. 
Let me tell you that, if you go to a bank, supposing, we have 700 crores of stocks, we have 
maintained in the last 3 to 4 months to maintain because the price hike of all these raw materials. 
Abnormal increase in price where the prices have gone up to the roof, but we have been able to 
maintain to reasonably extended by 5.5% to 5% less compared to the market increases, how it 
could happen? It could happen because of our policies of you know, giving cash and carry basis, 
we purchase raw materials. 
We get better terms and these cash if not available, we would have gone to the bank for 
borrowing. So, the borrowing cost what it is compared to the what we are getting in the markets 
now, for our investments either mutual fund or any other, definitely it is much costlier to borrow 
the fund. And moreover, as you know that the banks are very tight, they are not giving a liberal 
attitude. Under these situations the markets, there are a lot of apprehensions by the banks to 
extend a credit because of the market situation. In these circumstances and the tough time is 
going on, it is always better to be with cash in hand so that we do better. We have been able to 
maintain this performance levels in fact the growth because of these constraints. See if we have 
financial constraints, definitely it is very difficult to maintain this level of performance, that is 
number one. I think I've addressed the first question. 
Coming to the second question of managerial remuneration, see apart from that I did not 
mentioned earlier that our income tax structure is that, we are paying 43% income tax. So, you 
tell me how much income tax has gone up. When you get 100 Rupees you pay 43 Rupees, the 
income tax. Is not a constraint for the anyone who gets the income? It does impact, is it not? And 
also, as I told you the reasons, which I've already mentioned that the efforts that are being made 
and there has been a very stagnant structural remuneration payment to the managerial person 
over the years which is completely controlled by the government, and these are the constraints 
under which the management is working with lot of pressure. 
I think they deserve. The 
- 21 - 

management, the shareholders as an investor, you should appreciate this and cooperate. This is 
what we expect because we are taking care of our investors. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. 
Puneet Mittal 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator 
The next question from Mr. Pranav Parekh, he is an individual investor. Please go ahead, sir 
Pranav Parekh 
Thanks. My questions have already been answered. 
Moderator 
Thank you, Mr. Parekh. We have a follow up question from Mr. Dipak Saha from Savart SEBI 
registered. Please go ahead. 
Dipak Saha 
Thank you for that. Sir, for the product, in the exceptional part, we've again recorded 6 crores of 
adjustments, so is this associated with the products that we record in the second and first quarter 
or there is any fresh incidence that has taken place? 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
It's all late product recall only. What we are doing is, every quarter we are reviewing the situation. 
We are providing in the financial statements depending upon the claims that have been received 
during that quarter. So that 6 crores which you are referring is for this quarter. 
A. Indra Kumar 
It's old recall only. 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
Old recall only for this quarter, claims received. The recall is the only one recall, the recalls which 
were made earlier. There is no fresh recall. 
- 22 - 

Puneet Mittal 
Okay, so there is no fresh recall. Thank you, sir 
Moderator 
Thank you. The question comes from Mr. Yogansh Jeswani from Mittal Analytics. 
Yogansh Jeswani 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity again. Sir, my question to you is that you mentioned in your opening 
remarks that we are putting up another capacity for process shrimps and similarly, there are 
several other players in the industry who are also putting up .... 
A. Indra Kumar 
Your voice is not clear, sir. 
Yogansh Jeswani 
Is it better now? 
A. Indra Kumar 
Yeah. 
Yogansh Jeswani 
Yeah. So, I'm saying, you mentioned in your opening remarks that we are expanding our process 
shrimp capacity and similarly, the other players who are also putting up significant size capacity 
out there, so if you could share your thoughts on how do you see the industry utilizing this 
increased capacity that's coming on stream, given that the growth has been slower for past few 
years and only of late, we are seeing some better growth. So, if you could share, how do you 
expect the industry to fare out with the increase capacity? 
Alluri Nikhilesh 
Sir, Good Afternoon. This is Nikhilesh. So, the growth rate for the company has slowed down due 
to COVID. There were restrictions as you know, it is a manpower intensive industry with the whole 
COVID situation in the last two years, we were having reduced manpower footfall in the factory 
due to social distancing activity, and on the increase capacity as you know, there are only about 
seven to eight companies which have been selected for the PLI scheme who would probably go 
for capacity expansion, but we are confident that it will increase. We will continue to increase our 
growth as we continue to explore new products by setting up new production lines, which there is 
demand for in the market, and our existing customers are also do have appetite to take in more 
- 23 - 

production and also, we look towards increasing our capacity utilization and reducing our 
· overhead going forward. So, I hope that answers your question. 
Yogansh Jeswani 
Sure. And, sorry sir, I missed in your remarks, what is the timeline for commencement of the 
increase capacity? 
Alluri Nikhilesh 
We are in the process of land acquisition, so in other one year we should be able to start 
commercial production. 
Yogansh Jeswani 
Okay. 
Alluri Nikhilesh 
There was already a capacity expansion around August-September last year. We can see that in 
our old unit in Gopalapuram, which we already see that they have increased the production by 
about 12% for the nine months in question. 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
I can add what Nikhilesh said that this particular pre-processing facility has been completed and 
we're awaiting certain approvals. We are waiting for the approvals with the trial runs, they have 
been completed and ready for takeoff. This will definitely help in increasing our capacity utilization 
and when the new plant comes, we'll be able to increase the capacity further. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. The next question from Mr. Chokalingam Narayanan from BNP Paribas Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead, sir. 
Chokalingam Narayanan 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So, with regard to, you talked about the industry that are likely to 
be 
12 % to 13 lakh tons in terms of shrimp feed. Is it suffice to say that we would be looking to 
maintain market share and that could actually portend volume growth slightly under 5,00,000 tons 
to 6, 25,000 to 6,50,000 per year in terms of shrimp feed. That's one. Second is with regard to 
processing business, you mentioned about the green list and this one. So, there if we had a free 
run and if we had the green thing how much would our volumes have been, you know, in the 
processing side? 
- 24 - 

C. Ramachandra Rao 
Let me first address that first question, then Nikhilesh will answer the second one. The first one, 
see, as you know that we have already 6,00,000 tons capacity and we are now adding 1, 75,000 
capacity, which will go into streamline by end of May or early June. So, we will have a total 
capacity of 7,75,000, and we are targeting about 6 to 6.5 lakhs tons of feed sales, which is almost 
like about 50% of the market. So, I think comfortably we can achieve this target without any 
difficulty because with all our infrastructure, with marketing, with quality control, with our technical 
assistance and all these things, we should be able to comfortably achieve this target. Okay, now, 
Nikhilesh will answer the second question with regard to red alert and green List. 
Alluri Nikhilesh 
We have already made an application to the FDA around June last year to which they have 
responded with additional query. On those queries, we have engaged an international food 
consulting team who have come in and also evaluated our manufacturing processes and we have 
created along with them a response to the FDA, which we are putting our petition again, which 
should be approved in the next 45 to 60 days. There is no timeline guidance given by the FDA, 
but we are assuming that it will take that much time on previous experiences. 
Coming on the green ticket, so around about 25% to 30% of our sales were usually into the cook 
products historically, but that should not be an issue in terms of volume. We are going to focus 
on doing existing products and adding new products, which we are not in red alert for. So if there 
was no red alert, the volume would be up about 10%-15%, but we are focusing on covering up 
that volume in our existing products itself. 
Chokalingam Narayanan 
Thank you. And one last question from my end is the taxation to PBT on the Avanti Frozen side 
was on the higher end, if you could help clarify on that. 
Shantilata 
Hi, this is Shanti, good evening. The income tax in AFFPL is variant since due to timing difference 
in product recall and MAT credit in deferred tax. Otherwise, if you compare 9 months to 9 months, 
it will be almost same. 
Chokalingam Narayanan 
Thank you, ma'am, so that should be normalized level and that you should take. 
- 25 - 

Shantilata 
Yes, you should take the nine months, which would be the normalized level. 
Chokalingam Narayanan 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand over the floor to the 
management for closing comments. 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
Sorry, I was just thinking something else about the question. Anyway, thank you very much for 
the call that we had, very interesting and good questions. And also, I think we could able to answer 
most of them but definitely there will be certain questions which remains still not fully satisfied. 
But still, things keep going and we assure that the company will be able to achieve much better 
performance in 2022 which we are looking ahead for it. Thank you very much. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. 
Sherwin Fernandes 
Moumita, on behalf of K-FIN Tech and the entire team of Avanti Feeds, we'd like to thank them 
for giving us the opportunity to host the call, and we also appreciate the interest from investors 
and the analysts of the participation. Thank you and have a good day. 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, with this we conclude our conference call for today. Thank you for your 
participation and for using Door Sabha's Conference call service. You may all disconnect your 
lines now. Thank you and have a good evening, everyone. 
Note: 1. This document has been edited to improve readability 
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
- 26 - 
