l"1 
~ 
~ 
l"1 
~ 
a. 
ca 
m 
'.:j 
0 m 
0 m 
~ 
LUMnx 
LATL:CS:NSE:BSE:2021-22 
March 04, 2022 
The General Manager, 
The Manager- Listing Compliance 
Department of Corporate Services, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
'Exchange Plaza' C-1, Block G, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400051 
Security Code : 532796 
Symbol: LUMAXTECH 
Subject: Transcript of Analysts/Investors Earnings Conference Call- Q3 & 9M FY 2021-22 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable SEBI Regulations, please 
find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Analysts and Investors Earnings Conference Call of 
the Company which was held on Monday, February 14, 2022 at 11.00 A.M. to discuss 
Operational and Financial performance for the 3rd Quarter and Nine Months ended on 
December 31, 2021. 
The aforesaid information shall also be made available on the website of the Company at 
www.lumaxworld.in/lumaxautotech. 
You are requested to take the same on records and oblige. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
Anil'Tyagi 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. A-16825 
Encl.: As Stated above 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
Plot No. -878, Udyog Vihar 
Phase-V, Gurugram-122016 
Haryana, India 
T +91124 4760000 
E shares@lumaxmail.com 
www.lumaxworld.ln 
:i 
O 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited - REGO. OFFICE: T'Floor, Harbans Bhawan-11, Commercial Complex, Nangal Raya, 
New Delhi-110046, T - +91114985 7832, E- cao@lumaxmail.com 
DKJAIN 
GROUP 

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
Q3 and 9M FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Disclaimer: 
This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been 
included / omitted due to human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all 
information should be verified with the company by the reader. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
MR. ANMOL JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
Mr. Deepak Jain – Director 
MR. SANJAY MEHTA – DIRECTOR AND GROUP CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. VIKAS MARWAH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. NAVAL KHANNA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
LUMAX MANAGEMENT SERVICES 
MR. ASHISH DUBEY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. ANKIT THAKRAL – CORPORATE FINANCE 
MS. PRIYANKA SHARMA – HEAD – CORPORATE 
COMMUNICATION 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Lumax Auto Technologies Limited, Q3 
and nine-months FY2022 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain 
forward-looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions, 
and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the 
guarantees of future performance and involve risk and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Anmol Jain – Managing Director, Lumax Auto-Technologies 
Limited. Thank you and over to you Mr. Jain! 
Anmol Jain: 
Thank you. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to Q3 and nine-
months FY2022 Earnings Call of Lumax Auto Technologies Limited. I hope you all are 
safe and healthy. Along with me on this call, I have Mr. Deepak Jain – Director, Mr. Sanjay 
Mehta - Director and Group CFO, Mr. Vikas Marwah – CEO, Mr. Naval Khanna – 
Executive Director Lumax Management Services, Mr. Ashish Dubey – CFO, Mr. Ankit 
Thakral – From the corporate Finance Team, Ms. Priyanka Sharma – Head Corporate 
Communication and SGA, our Investor Relations Advisor. The results and presentations are 
uploaded on the stock exchange and the company website. I hope everybody has had a 
chance to look at it. 
 
Moving on to the key industry highlights of the quarter, global semiconductor shortage 
continues to drive down OEMs production. In Q3 FY2022 many OEMs have reported a 
decline in sales with respect to Q3 of the previous year. 
Supply chain issues are gradually getting eased out while the underlying demand drivers 
still remain intact. Our sales have recorded a growth of 17% in the current quarter from Q3 
FY2021 due to our diversified product portfolio and strong aftermarket growth. The 
company has also been able to post historic high sales for two successive quarters. 
As per the data published by SIAM the overall industry production in Q3 of FY2022 was 
down by 20% from Q3 of FY2021 owing to the degrowth of both passenger vehicles and 
two-wheeler segment by 12% and 23% respectively whereas the production of commercial 
vehicles and three-wheelers remained flat. 
The massive pace at which technological progress is happening in the auto industry, greater 
impetus on localization through PLI scheme gives incredible opportunities to your company 
to move ahead in this journey. With our diverse JV partners, we continue to drive 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 17 
innovation across our product line. We appreciate and thank the government for introducing 
the PLI scheme for auto and auto component players. We are happy to announce that 
Lumax Auto Technologies has applied for production linked incentive scheme in 
collaboration with our various joint venture partners. 
 
Speaking about the Union Budget, we welcome the measures taken by the government. It is 
a growth-oriented budget focusing on building long-term strength using investment as the 
growth driver while maintaining policy stability and inclusivity. Steel price cooling off 
measures will help the entire manufacturing sector, stimulus to charging infrastructure and 
energy storage system along with government support in R&D for clean energy, green 
mobility and semiconductors will help the auto sector immensely. 
Let me now take you through the performance of each business entity. The standalone 
entity caters to integrated plastic module, aftermarket business, chassis and swing arm for 
two-wheelers, trailing arm for three-wheelers under the metallic business and two-wheeler 
lighting. The standalone entity has contributed 78% of the total consolidated revenues for 
the nine-months FY2022. 
Lumax Mannoh Allied Technologies, the 55% subsidiary which manufactures manual, 
AMC and automatic gear shifter system and has the market leadership position contributed 
13% to their total consolidated revenue. The Company has successfully started export of 
made in India automatic gear shifters for a global platform since the last two quarters. 
Going ahead we are working closely with our JV partner for a wider outreach globally. 
Lumax Cornaglia Auto Technologies, the 50% subsidiary manufacturing air intake system 
and urea tank commanding 100% share of business with Volkswagen and Tata Motors 
contributed 6% to the consolidated revenue. This joint venture holds strong order book and 
shall increase its contribution in the next year. 
Lumax Metallics Private Limited, the 100% subsidiary manufacturing seat frame 
contributed 2% to the total consolidated revenues. The board of directors has approved its 
merger with the company for efficient utilization and synergy of resources. The appointed 
date of merger will be April 1, 2022 subject to necessary regulatory approvals. 
On Lumax FAE Technologies, I am very glad to announce that the company has received 
LOIs from two major OEMs for oxygen sensors, SOP of which is expected in FY2023. The 
annual revenues of these LOIs would be more than Rs.100 Crores annually. 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Lumax JOPP Allied Technologies is a 50% subsidiary engaged in the design, development 
and manufacturing of gear shift towers, automated manual transmission kit, all gear sensors 
and forks. The production has started to pick up as per the OEM schedules. 
Lumax Ituran is a 50% joint venture with Ituran Telematics of Israel. Subsequent to quarter 
ended December 31, 2021, the joint venture company has become a subsidiary of the 
company in accordance with Ind-AS 110 consolidated financial statements with effect from 
January 1, 2022. Going forward from Q4 FY2022 its revenue and profitability will be 
included in the consolidated financials. 
Lumax Alps Alpine India Private Limited, a 50% subsidiary for the manufacturing and sale 
of electric devices and components including software related to the automotive industry 
has started its commercial production at Gurugram, Haryana, during the quarter with effect 
from December 1, 2021. The single month revenue of the JV is Rs.1.7 Crores and estimated 
revenue for the current full year is Rs.8 Crores. 
These partnerships with global leaders are strengthening our core businesses and enhancing 
our diversified product offerings by leveraging global technologies. The company is well 
positioned today. We have best combination of new products as well as an expanding wallet 
share with the current product line. All this is to serve the customers and the expectations 
and stay on track to reach our goal to multifold the revenue trajectory. 
I am happy to share some details on the new launches made during the quarter having your 
company’s products. In the passenger vehicle segment, we launched the gear shifter system 
for Maruti’s new Celerio model and plastic parts for the new KIA Carens model and on the 
two-wheeler segment we launched the air intake system for the Scrambler and Adventure 
model of Yezdi under the Mahindra & Mahindra umbrella. 
Now, I would like to hand it over to Mr. Sanjay Mehta – Director and Group CFO, to 
update you on the operational and financial performance of the company. 
Sanjay Mehta: 
Good morning, everyone. I will brief on the operational and financial performance for Q3, 
and nine-months ended FY2022. For nine-months FY2022 integrated plastic model 
contributed 25% of overall revenue followed by aftermarket at 19%, Chassis at 18%, gear 
shifter at 13%, lighting products at 12% and emission at 6% and others being 7%. Two and 
three-wheelers contributed 46% to overall revenue, passenger car at 19%, aftermarket at 
19% and CVs at 9%.  
 
With respect to financial highlights, the consolidated revenue stood at Rs.428 Crores for Q3 
as against Rs.365 Crores last year Q3, up by 17% against industry downfall of 20% which 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 17 
is due to increased sales in almost all the OEMs coupled with excellent growth in 
aftermarket division. This increase is also aided by price correction of earlier quarters from 
OEMs amounting to Rs.18 Crores which is added both in revenue and raw material 
consumption as per normal practice thus the comparable revenue for Q3 is Rs.410 Crores 
up by 12% from Q3 FY2021. 
For nine-months the company reported revenue of Rs. 1,091 Crores against the Rs.720 
Crores during the same period last year up by 52%. The company reported consolidated 
EBITDA of Rs.48 Crores in Q3 as against Rs.43 Crores in Q3 of last year. EBITDA 
margins stand at 11.2% for Q3 FY2022 as against 11.7% for Q3 FY2021. The comparable 
EBITDA excluding price correction of earlier quarters for Q3 comes out at 11.7% which is 
in line with Q3 FY2021. 
For nine-month EBITDA stood at Rs.114 Crores at 10.5% as against Rs.67 Crores at 9.3% 
in nine-month FY2021 up by 120 basis points. Profit after tax after minority interest stood 
at Rs.22 Crores in Q3 against Rs.23 Crores in Q3 last year. For nine-month it stood at Rs.48 
Crores as against Rs.26 Crores in nine-month FY2021. 
The capex incurred during the nine-months is Rs.39 Crores including Rs.15 Crores on 
account of right to use assets. Thus, the actual capex outlay is Rs.24 Crores. For the full 
year, the capex is estimated to be in the range of Rs.45 to Rs.50 Crores excluding the right 
to use asset as mentioned earlier. Now, we open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for strong set of numbers in a tough time. 
Sir, we have seen a sharp jump in sheet metal business, as you mentioned earlier that you 
have won several businesses in the sheets and KTM as well. But if you see the numbers of 
most of the auto companies, they are looking for a sharp jump in this business, is it because 
of the increase in realization or because of the commodity inflation or some structural 
changes that are happening, I mean more localization is happening and all Indian companies 
have been in more business? 
Anmol Jain: 
Abhishek, if I would understand correctly, your question is on the metallic fabrication 
business, and you are saying that it has seen a strong growth on a year-on-year basis and 
what is the reason for that growth? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes, Sir. As you mentioned earlier also that the reason is that you have won the new 
businesses from the sheet chain and KTM, but I wanted to know that are there any 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 17 
structural changes coming in the industry and is that the reason why Indian companies are 
winning more business because most of the auto components are showing very strong 
numbers in sheet metal part? 
Anmol Jain: 
Our sheet metal presence is largely on Bajaj Auto and as I had mentioned earlier that we 
have gained significant wallet share expanding our product presence in the chassis category, 
not just on the export model which were the ones we used to cater before but also getting 
into the premium bike space of KTM and going forward we are in discussions with Bajaj to 
also service certain other platforms of theirs. So, for us this growth is purely based on the 
wallet share of Bajaj Auto and we see that we are now a very strong supply chain partner of 
Bajaj for their sheet metal and Chassis business and that will definitely continue to build 
upon. 
Abhishek Jain: 
In sheet metal business we have started supply to the Chetak as well? 
Anmol Jain: 
Not yet, we have not started any supplies of any parts to the Chetak yet, but we are in 
discussions with the company for maybe expanding our presence in the Chetak platform 
going forward. 
Abhishek Jain: 
The next question is related to the plastic molded part. As you have started supply in the 
four-wheeler space and you won the businesses from MSIL, Hyundai and Kia. So, what is 
the outlook for this business in the four-wheeler side, especially in the plastic molded part? 
Anmol Jain: 
As I mentioned earlier, I think strategically plastics as a domain continues to be of 
significant importance to the company, we have already taken some good inroads in the 
two-wheeler plastic business be it for Bajaj or even for Honda and we have made some 
entry into the four-wheelers through the Koreans and Maruti Suzuki. Clearly, over the next 
two to three years our strategy would be to expand our presence in the four-wheelers plastic 
place and also go from regular plastic products to more value added technological kinematic 
parts which will enhance the realization per vehicle. So, clearly four-wheeler plastics 
continues to be an important strategic growth driver for the company in the coming years. 
Abhishek Jain: 
What is the revenue contribution from the four-wheeler plastic molded part right now as 
you have started supply to the MSIL? 
Anmol Jain: 
Out of that total kitty of the plastic business roughly about 10% of it would be coming from 
the four-wheeler space, 90% of it is still from the two-wheeler space but we do expect this 
to constantly keep expanding on the four-wheeler front. 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Abhishek Jain: 
What mix can we expect in FY2023 on four-wheeler versus two-wheelers in the plastic 
molded parts? 
Anmol Jain: 
It is difficult to predict or give you an estimate right now because these plastic parts do not 
have a significant lead time of development but in FY2023 I would think that it should go at 
least by double instead of 10% contribution it should go upwards of 20% of the total plastic 
parts. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Great Sir, and despite semiconductors shortage we have seen sharp jump in the gear shifter 
business, is it because of the incremental revenue from export to Honda or because of 
increase in realization because of increasing share of the SUVs which led to the higher 
demand of the MT and AT? 
Anmol Jain: 
There have been significant reasons, I think semiconductor is an ongoing challenge across 
the industry but our growth of gear shifters year-on-year basis is not significantly because 
of exports, it is largely because of higher penetration and also adding new customers like in 
the commercial vehicles segment and also expanding our offtake with Mahindra & 
Mahindra. we have also increased our share of business in Maruti Suzuki and Tata Motors 
and we all know Tata Motors has recorded a very strong set of production numbers despite 
the semiconductor issue. So, all-in-all we have gained and we continue to be the market 
leader. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Last nine-month how much was the revenue contribution from the MT and AT side? 
Anmol Jain: 
About 80% is still MT and about 20% would a combination of Automatic and AMT. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay, Sir and as the share of the of SUVs are going up do not you think that it will go up 
significantly around 40%-50% in the coming years? 
Anmol Jain: 
Yes, we do expect that by FY2025 give or take in two to three years, the portion of AT and 
AMT should be at least about 40% to 50% of the total pie because we understand that the 
realization per vehicle of AT is much more than that of a MT, so maybe not number wise 
but value wise sure it should be 40% to 50%. 
Abhishek Jain: 
You are looking at a great opportunity in electronics and telematic products, and you are 
looking to start the production through your JV as well from this quarter. From FY2023 
what numbers we can expect on the JV side if that we got telematics and electronics or 
sensors? 
Anmol Jain: 
The JV with Alpine we have already started production and this year we will only get about 
one quarter revenue but next year we do expect that we should be doing about Rs.30 to 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Rs.40 Crores of revenue of this JV and again we are in discussions with key OEMs for 
significant order wins, which will probably come into production in FY2024 onwards and 
from there we do expect a significant scale up of this joint venture on the electronic 
products. 
Abhishek Jain: 
What would be the breakeven points from these JVs in the revenue term? 
Anmol Jain: 
I think by next year end we should have expected stability of, I think around Rs.40 Crores 
or so and that should be the net breakeven point which will be a cash break-even at a much 
lower revenue. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay, Sir. My last question is related to the new order book size, what is the current new 
order book size and out of that how much is the replacement? 
Anmol Jain: 
The order book as I had mentioned last time stood at approximately Rs.450 Crores which 
included about Rs.330 Crores of new orders and about Rs.110 Crores of replacement out of 
which I would say in the current year we have already done about a Rs.120 to Rs.150 
Crores out of the Rs.450 Crores and the remaining would come in FY2023, and some 
would peak in FY2024. 
Abhishek Jain: 
How much is from the EV side out of these new orders of Rs.400 Crores? 
Anmol Jain: 
EV right now is insignificant but over the next three years we expect perhaps roughly 
around 5% of our total revenue should come from the EV pie and largely that would be 
driven by the electronics JV of Alps Alpine and also the gear shifter. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay and this is because of supply into the BMS all these sensors? 
Anmol Jain: 
Well, it will eventually make a part of PLI as well our applications as I mentioned 
incorporates all the JVs as well but yet some of these products will come under the PLI. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay, thanks Sir. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Akshay Jain from Jain Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Akshay Jain: 
Good morning, Sir. Firstly, I just wanted to continue on the Lumax Alps Alpine, so are we 
replacing any of these competitors here or it is the order purely from new models? 
Anmol Jain: 
We will be not replacing a competitor, but we will definitely be eating into the 
competition’s wallet share. Please understand Alpine has an existing infrastructure and 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 17 
market presence in India with a running business with some of the OEMs in India. The 
company has taken a position in that entity by itself to form this JV. So, it is not a ground 
zero startup, we already have a revenue stream which we have gotten into and now we will 
like to get some new orders and scale it up. Answering to your question, it is not replacing a 
competition, but it is definitely penetrating into the wallet share of the competition across 
the OEMs. 
Akshay Jain: 
Got it. What are the margins on these products as compared to our other business verticals? 
Vikas Marwah: 
Margins on these products range anywhere between 13 to 15% plus there is a market 
opportunity for new age product introductions which would be regulation driven like 
steering angle sensor and other products where the margins could be a little higher also. 
Coming back again to the question that you asked which Mr. Anmol Jain, had answered, we 
are very well placed with the dominant competition being only one player in most of the 
product segments. So, there is the market opportunity to even scale up to 50% of the total 
market potential in India on the products with Alps Alpine. 
Anmol Jain: 
To supplement that as I had mentioned I think the products of Alps Alpine are 
technologically advanced and we see a very limited number of suppliers present in India for 
these products and hence we feel that with Lumax and Alps Alpine joining hands we should 
be able to significantly take a piece of this pie and get a sizeable market share for these 
products in India. On the margins front, I have always maintained that going forward our 
endeavour would be continuing to get into the product line where the margins continue to 
be in the double-digit space and that has always been the endeavour of the company in 
order to expand the margins. 
Akshay Jain: 
Okay, lastly can you discuss in detail about the merger with Lumax Metallics, what kind of 
synergies are we expecting from the same? 
Sanjay Mehta: 
The standalone company having chassis, swing arm and trailing arm businesses, which are 
similar to what we are doing in the metallic business i.e. seat frames. So, after merger, 
besides the taxation benefits as we have fixed cost saving advantage as it is similar product 
line. 
Akshay Jain: 
That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neha Pareek from Raga Securities. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Neha Pareek: 
Good morning, Sir. Thank you for taking my questions. Firstly, congratulations on the good 
set of numbers. I had a few questions like as it is mentioned by big players that the quarter 
was quite challenging, so what are the factors that helped us in booking good revenue and 
secondly on your product side, like the others and the shifter has shown good growth, can 
you discuss more in detail about other businesses and other factors which are growth driven 
for the quarter? 
Anmol Jain: 
Thank you, Neha. I think first and foremost, I would say that our diversification in the 
products and OEMs is one of the key reasons that we are able to insulate the market 
dynamics completely. I think if you look at the Q3 on a year-on-year basis the company has 
grown by 17% in revenue whereas the industry performance is very different. And again as 
I had mentioned this is a combination of getting into scaling up of certain new product lines 
and JVs, which we had recently gotten into, along with expanding our wallet share of the 
current product line. If you look at our Q3 performance by itself across product lines, 
whether it is plastic or metallic or even aftermarket, we have had a very significant growth 
across different product lines much higher than our principal OEM customer growth in 
those product lines. That I would say is largely one of the reasons why we have been able to 
have a good revenue run and in terms of the margins when you mentioned, we are very 
clear as we are already driving better efficiencies across product lines, the incremental 
revenue always adds to the incremental contribution. And certain specific product lines like 
in the emission we have also been able to expand margins based on certain cost 
rationalization measures. So, it is a culmination of all of these aftermarkets as I said if you 
look at a nine-month after-market it has grown more than 50%, which is a very strong 
growth and aftermarket does a better margin compared to some of the OEM businesses as 
well. 
Neha Pareek: 
Secondly, now how do you see the demand scenario for Q4 and going forward, like from 
which segment are we experiencing higher demand? 
Anmol Jain: 
If I were to look at the overall demand, I think certain challenges like the semiconductor 
will surely continue even though the supply chain and the availability of semiconductors 
have definitely eased out. Based on whatever the inventory levels are there in the system I 
do believe that passenger car will continue to outperform the other segments, passenger car 
will still have strong growth in Q4 and also spilling over to the next financial year. Two-
wheeler as an entire segment will probably continue to be under pressure but I am happy to 
share that because of significant presence of your company in Bajaj Auto and Bajaj Auto’s 
significant presence and dependability on the export insulate us from these two-wheeler 
challenges as well because the Bajaj Auto has done fairly well despite the domestic 
challenges because of their export commitments and export volumes. So, these are the two 
segments which contribute significantly to the company. Commercial vehicle also is not a 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 17 
significant contributor, but we do expect that in Q4 overall the performance would be much 
better than Q3 at an industry level. 
Neha Pareek: 
Okay, Sir. This was very helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Apurva Mehta from AM Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Congratulations on excellent numbers. Sir, just wanted to know your outlook for the auto 
industry for FY2023 and how do you look post this when do you see some easing of semi-
conductor, what is your outlook and where our company would stand in this in the 
challenging scenario? 
Deepak Jain: 
Definitely, the industry is looking at better quarter-on-quarter performance as Anmol had 
just mentioned Q4 would be better than Q3, it has multiple factors to be done, number one 
the economy as far as the macro factors are concerned has started to get off, when you see   
long-term vision of the government they actually want to disinvest, and we want to put in 
into infrastructure and this all will help the mobility. We should also get lot more benefits 
because of customer as well as the governments intend to do more exports and also the PLIs 
would help in further driving the localization eco-system. Overall, FY2023 we expect a 
double-digit growth which would for certain segments may even come close to the FY2018 
kind of performance. Also, we are pretty bullish that with the regulations coming in, in 
2024 there would be good opportunities to develop and probably further add value products 
and get more value additions on it. Challenges still remain to be on front, I think on 
semiconductors although the industry has grappled with it and manage the way we have 
been able to procure stock as well as change some sources. There is a lot of confidence that 
going into FY2023 we probably would better handle on the semiconductor issues. However, 
I think the only challenge which we foresee is how the commodity prices will behave. 
Because that is actually inclusive of various factors it is not anymore just inflation it is 
actually hyperinflation, government and the industries are in discussions about how to 
control the prices. But you have seen a lot more passing on of prices to the end consumer 
and that does affect the affordability and the last challenge which we foresee is also the 
regulation kicking in you have seen certain policymakers announcing very strong, safety 
and emission measures and probably also alternate fuel measures. All these coming in 
would enhance and increase the prices of the vehicle; however, at the component level, it 
gives us an opportunity to further participate in these. So, definitely Q4 short-term we can 
see a better visibility and we see a better performance coming in as Q3 for the company. 
But also, for next year we are pretty much bullish that we would probably kind of get into a 
double-digit growth. 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Apurva Mehta: 
Great to hear from you. Sir, on the new order from oxygen sensor, when will it start 
generating revenue for us this will be next year or post next year? 
Anmol Jain: 
In FY2023 more likely third quarter onwards we should start, currently also we are 
generating revenues, but the significant change because of these LOIs will start kicking in 
from Q3 of FY2023. 
Deepak Jain: 
Primarily if you see, we had actually formulated this joint venture to get into the whole 
BSIV to BSVI transition where in BSVI implementation you would need oxygen sensors 
for two-wheelers. Due to Corona, due to multiple reasons we could not take if off but at 
least the last two years we have actually tried to get to a lot of marketing with our 
customers. And now with the OBD-2 coming in which actually makes it mandatory to have 
two oxygen sensors in the two-wheeler coming in from 2024; we have secured at least 
about the order books. And hopefully we would be getting about 75% or 80% booked 
installed capacities on these LOIs, hopefully we will be expanding further but our first step 
is to convert all these ideal capacities into orders and as in most that it would start from H2 
for preparation of the OBD -2 launch. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Any development on the Ituran side, any orders or any significant amount of development 
coming? 
Anmol Jain: 
We had mentioned earlier that we have a very strong order book from one customer, which 
is Daimler, that is the first order wins for the company and since Daimler’s discussions are 
ongoing, we have also been able to expand our relationship into new segments of Daimler, 
so what we had won was on the trucks division for Daimler but now we are also in 
discussions for the bus division of Daimler. This order book by itself was about Rs.30 to 
Rs.40 Crores and we are now also talking to one more OEM with order book, which should 
get realized FY2024 onwards. 
Apurva Mehta: 
The kind of margins we should enjoy in this must be substantially higher because it is pure 
technology, is our understanding, right? 
Anmol Jain: 
Apurva, margins would be higher compared to some of our product lines, but again on 
margins they are market dynamic driven. But I always say that our endeavour is that 
overall, as a company we would like to inch forward towards that teen EBITDA. And hence 
our endeavour would be all our product lines should be at least delivering give or take those 
EBITDA margins but for this it would be definitely slightly a shade better than what the 
other product lines are delivering today. 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Apurva Mehta: 
On this gear shifter side the order we won for the new Celerio is it a single source or what is 
our stance now?  
Anmol Jain: 
We are single source. In most of the models we have a single source status across different, 
different platforms, across OEMs but this is the fully automatic gear shifter, which we are 
the only source for. 
Apurva Mehta: 
What will be the size of this order, just roughly if we can for next year generating revenue 
for us? 
Anmol Jain: 
Gear shifter as I had mentioned the order book in totality for the gear shifters was roughly 
about Rs.150 Crores to Rs.160 Crores, which we saw, out of which Rs.115 Crores were 
new orders and about give or take Rs.50 Crores were replacement orders. Celerio as a 
product for us has always been our model, so for us it qualifies under the replacement and 
for this particular business say about close to Rs.20 Crores would be the annual order 
values. 
Apurva Mehta: 
One more thing on the Alpine JV we were going to have contact coil and steering angle 
sensor, start stop switches. So, can we understand the market size of this product or 
something like that so we can analyze it how big the sizes are of any of this product if you 
can? 
Anmol Jain: 
I will just give comment and then let Vikas, give you more details about this. I think, clearly 
the product which Alps Alpine brings on the table as I mentioned are one technologically 
advanced product in the electronics space. Number two, as I mentioned that some of them 
will be driven by regulations, for example the block spring as airbags become mandatory it 
will be pretty much a regulatory item. Also, certain other steering angle sensors will also 
form a part of the regulation. So, we feel that the demand would be significantly driven by 
regulation and also because of scarcity of existing players in this product category most 
OEMs are looking at de-risking as a strategy and hence the need for someone like Lumax 
Alps Alpine is high on their priority. So, these would be on a strategic level the two growth 
drivers for the JV. But I let Vikas to give you more color on the size and the opportunity of 
this JV. 
Vikas Marwah: 
We have entered a very exciting product segment and to add to what Mr. Anmol Jain just 
mentioned, a lot of these products as I said being regulator driven also like with the 
mandatory use of airbags, contact coils, the deployment mechanism of the airbag becoming 
more critical, steering angle sensor again becoming a regulatory driven product. So, 
FY2024 onwards we see a combined market potential in power window switches, contact 
coil and steering angle sensors to be upwards of Rs.600 to Rs.650 Crores per annum on a 4 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 17 
million kind of passenger vehicle production forecast. Happy to say that there are going to 
be only two or three dominant competitors here who are currently operating at almost 70% 
or 75% share of the market. So, this JV will be challenging their dominance and will be 
having a very, very good potential to bat upon. 
Apurva Mehta: 
When can we start, or we must be having starting the production and the capex to be done 
for this. So, what is the timeline for this capex and when can we see the production starting 
in for this? 
Anmol Jain: 
We have already started some commercial production in this quarter and as I mentioned in 
my opening remarks, we are looking at about Rs.8 crores revenue for the current year and 
the same production next year should be looking at around Rs.30 Crores to Rs.35 Crores. 
But we will be putting in certain capex in the coming financial year mainly to prepare 
ourselves for some of future orders which we would be formally closing very soon, and I 
would be able to only share those details henceforth. But to prepare for that production we 
will be putting in some capex in FY2023. 
Apurva Mehta: 
What will be your capex for next year if you have drawn some line? 
Anmol Jain: 
Overall, as a company as I mentioned, this year give or take, Sanjay mentioned we will be 
around Rs.45 Crores to Rs.50 crores capex as a company as a whole and in next year we 
expect a similar number to continue maybe about Rs.50 Crores or so. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Including this Alps JV which we will be doing? 
Anmol Jain: 
Yes, including our share of the capex for Alps JV. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Okay, so next year we should be close to Rs. 2,000 Crores revenue? 
Anmol Jain: 
Difficult, I mean if this year we were to look at growth rate of 30% or so we would be 
clocking somewhere close to Rs. 1,500 Crores for the current year and on that Rs.1,500 
Crores if I were to peg another give or take 25%-30% growth so it comes to Rs.2,000 
Crores. Yes, I mean that would be our endeavour but again we are all living in a very 
volatile market so I do not want to get the hopes too high. But surely our endeavour would 
be to continue driving our growth at a similar rate even in FY2023. 
Apurva Mehta: 
The margins will be close to 12% plus kind of margin on higher turnover can we expect 
that? 
Anmol Jain: 
I would say probably that we have been able to first and foremost sustain the current 
EBITDA margins. So, if you were to look at the current margins, they are panning 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 17 
somewhere around 11.5% to 12%, I think that is what we should be able sustain next year 
and with the incremental revenue and certain product lines also expanding, our endeavour 
surely should be to try and touch the 12% mark and as I said our mid-term plan is to get to 
the teen EBITDA but that would be our endeavor for FY2023. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Great. Sir last suggestion just a request, distributing large 30%-40% of dividend policy 
which is highly taxable nowadays, we would suggest you to have some kind of a buyback 
kind of a thing as all of us are paying huge amount of taxes on the dividend. My suggestion 
is that you should look at the route of doing a buyback kind of thing and reducing the 
equity, which is always helpful for a long run time this is my suggestion if you can take it 
forward. 
Anmol Jain: 
Okay, Apurva we will take it into consideration. Thank you for the suggestion. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Thanks, a lot. Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Priyanka Singh from Atidhan 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Priyanka Singh: 
Good morning, Sir. Sir, as you mentioned that you have applied for PLI scheme, can you 
share about product details and how much benefits we are going to get from the same? 
Vikas Marwah: 
Thank you Priyanka, for that question. As you are aware under the automotive segment the 
OEM have scheme running for which the results are already out. On the component side as 
the advanced automotive technology components, you will be happy to know that on your 
company’s side there are five JVs that have qualified with their products in the first 
application list. The threshold investment figures would be definitely exceeded 
significantly, and it would be able to generate us 3x kind of revenue on the proposed 
investment capacity both at Lumax Mannoh, Lumax Cornaglia, Lumax FT and Lumax 
Ituran which is a subsidiary now for Lumax Auto Technologies. So, I will request Mr. 
Deepak Jain to supplement. 
Deepak Jain: 
As I said have applied through Lumax Auto Technologies for five entities of the JVs. We 
are very bullish that our applications would be accepted and once it is accepted, we would 
be able to lead investment criteria and get ready serving that important. I think we still have 
to wait for the application approvals till they are able then disclose what kind of plans we 
have for our JVs and how it will be met. 
Anmol Jain: 
I would just like to add that I think we are very happy and fortunate that most of the key 
product lines in the current part and even for the future growth do fall under the PLI 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 17 
scheme. So, we are quite hopeful that once if we are through with the PLI scheme it will 
definitely add significant value to the company in the coming years. 
Priyanka Singh: 
That was helpful. Apart from that any of our products and plants running at full capacity, 
like what kind of capacity utilization we are expecting in Q4, and do we expect any further 
investments for existing products to increase the capacity? 
Anmol Jain: 
Most of our product lines are currently running between 75% and 80% capacity utilization. 
In Q4 also we expect a similar utilization, so to that extent I do not see any substantial 
investment on new capacities in FY2023; however, the four-wheeler plastic division, which 
I had mentioned earlier and also the emission product line those probably will be running at 
about 90% or so. So, we do expect certain capacity enhancement in these product lines and 
also to grow the metallic business further, because metallic business also runs pretty much 
in optimum capacity for each model, so for the new models we will be probably expanding 
our footprint into a bigger facility and may be investing certain money in deeper backward 
integration of powder coating facility so that we are able get better realization per vehicle 
for our metallic business. So, these would be some of the things which we would be 
investing in for next financial year. 
Priyanka Singh: 
That was very helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshil Shah from Anvil Wealth 
Management Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Harshil Shah: 
Sir, can you help me with net cash on book as on Q3 FY2022? 
Sanjay Mehta: 
Net cash is Rs.56 Crores. The bank balance is Rs.190 Crores and if I take debt out from that 
the net cash is Rs.56 Crores. The debt equity ratio is 0.03%, I am carrying the debt of Rs.14 
Crores in the book other than the working capital. 
Harshil Shah: 
Thank you. That is, it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Anmol Jain: 
I would like to thank you all for joining into the call. I really hope that we were able to 
answer all your questions. If there are any further queries you may please get in touch with 
us or SGA, we will be happy to answer all your questions and queries. Thank you, stay safe 
and stay healthy. 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Lumax Auto Technologies Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, you may now disconnect your lines. 
