 
 
   Date: April 7, 2022 
 
To, 
To, 
BSE Limited  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Services  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
'G' Block,  Bandra – Kurla Complex
Dalal Street, 
Bandra East,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 524091
Trading Symbol: ACRYSIL
 
Subject: Submission of Transcript of the Business Update Conference Call held on April 4, 2022 under 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to the Business Update Conference Call held on April 4, 2022, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the aforesaid business update call. 
  
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Acrysil Limited 
 
 
 
Neha Poddar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Factory & Head Quarter: 
Bhavnagar-Rajkot Highway, 
Navagam, Vartej-364 060 (INDIA) 
Ph :+91-278-2540218, 2540893 
Fax : +91-278-2540558 
Visit us on: www.carysil.com 
Regd. Office: 
B-307, Citi Point, 3rd Floor, 
J.B. Nagar, Andheri Kurla Road, 
Andheri (East)Mumbai-400 059 
Ph: +91-22-4015 7817 I 7818 I 7819 
Fax: +91-22-2825 8052 
CIN: L26914MH1987PLC042283 
Branch Office: 
B-30, 
Okhla Industrial Area, phase-1, 
New Delhi- 110020 (INDIA) 
Ph.: +91-11-40524889 
 
 
{ISO 9001 : 2015 ; 14001 : 2015 and 45001 : 2018) 
Neha 
Anup 
Poddar
Digitally signed 
by Neha Anup 
Poddar 
Date: 2022.04.07 
16:34:26 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“Acrysil Limited Business Update Conference Call” 
 
April 04, 2022 
 
 
(Disclaimer: E&EO- This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 4th April, 2022 will prevail.)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Acrysil Limited 
April 04, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 11 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHIRAG PAREKH - CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – ACRYSIL LIMITED 
MR. ANAND SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ACRYSIL LIMITED 

 
 
 
Acrysil Limited 
April 04, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Acrysil Limited Business Update 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on 
date of this call. The statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Since we have recently ended the quarter, 
the company shall discuss any questions related to quarter at the time of results declaration. 
Request participants to limit questions only related to the acquisition. As a reminder all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Chirag Parekh, Chairman and Managing Director, Acrysil Limited. Thank you and over 
to you Sir! 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes, thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. A very warm welcome to the business update 
call of Acrysil Limited. Along with me on this call I have Mr. Anand Sharma, CFO and 
SGA, our Investor Relation Advisor. 
 
As you are aware our company has been witnessing a strong demand for its products, 
Quartz Kitchen Sinks, and Stainless-Steel Sinks in domestic and international markets. 
Accordingly, we had planned expansion for our Quartz Sink manufacturing capacity from 
0.5 million sinks in 2020 to 8,40,000 sinks today and further the 360,000 sinks addition in 
capacity which is going to be in two parts 180,000 each which is going to be completed in 
Q1 and Q2, respectively. We also had announced that the stainless steel also is going to 
expand to another 90,000 sinks to 180,000 sinks during Q1. 
 
I am pleased to announce that Acrysil UK Limited which is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Acrysil limited has agreed to acquire 100% shares of Tickford Orange Limited, UK along 
with its wholly owned operating subsidiary Sylmar Technology Limited., UK is one of the 
major export markets of our company. This acquisition will allow Acrysil to further 
strengthen its presence and market share in UK market. This is our second acquisition in 
UK approximate period of six years. 
 
I am talking about the Tickford Orange Limited it is a parent company of its wholly owned 
subsidiary Sylmar Technology Limited (STL) which is a manufacturer and distributor of 
customizer of high-quality solid surface products for kitchen and bathroom segment. These 
products are used for both domestic and commercial purposes catering to the markets across 
United Kingdom. The manufacturing and distribution facility of STL is centrally located in 
Alfreton, Derbyshire, UK. STL is a leading player in the UK solid surface market with an 

 
 
 
Acrysil Limited 
April 04, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 11 
estimated market share of 35%. It generates 80% of its revenue from sale of kitchen 
products and remaining from bathroom and marine related products which are yacht. STL 
had three brands Maia, Minerva and Metis. As of CY2021 STL has reported revenues of 
£12 million and for CY2020 it was £11 million. Although CY2020 was impacted by 
COVID-19 STL has been profitable and benefit from solid financial base and continued 
growth. The pre-pandemic level of STL was approximately £14 million for pre-pandemic 
previous two years. 
 
Talking about the overall cost of acquisition, Acrysil UK will acquire 100% equity shares 
of a total consideration of £11 million. The acquisition will be funded through a mix of debt 
and internal accruals. The compliance of the acquisition will take approximately 45 to 60 
days for the whole process nevertheless the sales will start kicking in from April. In terms 
of customers the company has longstanding customer base with leading high street names 
like Selco, Homebase, Hafele, Magnet, Moores, Fairline, etc. STL has been built on an 
ethos of customer service without compromise. STL enjoys the strong customer 
relationships and has worked with large manufacturers for a significant number of years. 
With this acquisition Acrysil shall gain access to the loyal customer base leading to 
potential new sales channels and will open up cross-selling opportunities for the company. 
STL has an outstanding reputation in the market and has been sourcing and manufacturing 
solid surface product for 35 years. The acquisition was natural fit for us as STL is a highly 
innovative company focused on continuous R&D to create the new products and to fill 
existing gaps in the market place thereby enjoying a strong buy and recall and market share. 
 
This acquisition will catapult us to the new orbit of growth to enable the company to enter 
the new product segment in the home improvement products category expanding the current 
portfolio of the company. We believe this is a significant step towards achieving a 
formidable leadership position in lifestyle kitchen and bathroom segment globally. It will 
also help to scale up company growth and its long-term vision of 1,000 Crores quite 
significantly. With complete unique product basket in kitchen and bathroom segment we 
are confident towards moving up the business trajectory and foresee a future of consistent 
success and value addition. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Ronak Mehta from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ronak Mehta: 
Hello Sir, thank you for taking my question. Sir, to understand on this acquisition first, so 
you said about the sales of the company before and during the pandemic, but how is that on 
the margin front so EBITDA margin will it be lower than our consolidated EBITDA margin 
at entity level or will it be equal to that so wanted to understand on that front? the second 

 
 
 
Acrysil Limited 
April 04, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 11 
thing I wanted to understand is that you said you will be gaining traction in newer product 
segment so can you elaborate further on that as well? Thank you. 
Chirag Parekh: 
So, the current EBITDA margin of the company is around 15% to 16% and moving forward 
we do have some initiatives which company will take once we have it in our hand which is 
going to be from this month. There are some significant changes we will do, and which will 
try to improve the margins further. Nevertheless, we need to understand that we are still in a 
pandemic situation and based on that I think 15%, 16% is a good EBITDA so it is quite 
close to it is not significantly there is not a big gap, but it is quite close. Second the 
opportunities is that you need to understand it is a great value proposition because we are 
getting such a large access to the customer base and there are lot of opportunities that we 
are going to significantly grow the current home style the Acrysil Products Limited 
business which is into primarily kitchen sinks and faucets, so we have already given you the 
names of largely retail outlets and all, so I think that is probably going to be a significant 
increase benefit to us. Second thing we need to understand is that we are entering into the 
worktop market which is where we find a great synergy along with the kitchen sink that is a 
multi billion dollar market and it is not in UK but across the world, so while these 
companies into solid surfaces which is as a 35% market share the solid surfaces market as a 
category is only 10% of the global worktop category. As we all know there is a significant 
opportunity as far as the quartz kitchen tops are concerned , the company do have plans to 
introduce  quartz tops and use these channels to significantly improve sales. Third thing, 
bathroom category is what we were never in the UK market. We have a strong brand called 
Sternhagen, Germany and we plan to take this brand, use these channels in the bathroom to 
launch the bathroom products in UK. Thank you. 
Ronak Mehta: 
Just a related question whether this acquisition will also help you in getting the footprint in 
the European market or is it something that you will first concentrate on the UK itself and 
then over the next four, five years you might want to move into the European market? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So, Europe is definitely a potential since it is quite close to UK and we have a great 
technology, but I think what we have is there is a thin gap for the UK market so we will see 
a large growth opportunity in UK itself. So, I think for a few years we will be focusing on 
UK and then at the right time we will see we will take  across geography. 
Ronak Mehta: 
Sure Sir. Thank you very much. That’s it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Udit from Yes Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Acrysil Limited 
April 04, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 11 
Udit: 
Thank you for taking up my question. Sir this question is like in the last two, three years of 
course the COVID pandemic has hit the company’s performance how do you see the 
growth trajectory in the company that we have acquired? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So now I think that the world is coming back to normalcy gradually and we have started 
habituated in which way to live in this pandemic situation and I think whatever the pre-
covid level sales we have, I think it should normalize by this year so we should get back to 
the £14 million level. 
Udit: 
You mentioned in your opening remarks that we start to come into our books after H1 is 
that understanding correct? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes, the sales consolidation will start from April Q1 itself. 
Udit: 
Can you explain the debt to internal accrual proportion that will be used for this cost? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes, so the total acquisition of £11 million out of which £7.7 million is the debt and £3.3 
million is internal accruals and if you understand these are both in our UK book so the 3.3 
internal accruals have been through our UK subsidiaries. 
Udit: 
Understood thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keval Ashar from DSP Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Keval Ashar: 
Congratulations Chirag bhai as far as this acquisition and us expanding your toilet market. 
So, Chirag bhai what is the size of opportunity that we have in slab  market and at what rate 
do we see this market growing for us? 
Chirag Parekh: 
I think for a company we have always seen the surfaces has to be one of the greatest 
premium product to add with our kitchen sinks which has always been a massive market 
across the world so this is going to be our first step in UK by which like I said is going to be 
a great value proposition you are actually entering a huge market, now like I said that when 
you have the solid surface which is just doing about £12 to £14 million in UK while the 
whole Quartz Worktop share is still pending so we plan to introduce that very soon into this 
and plus the new channels just when we acquired the company there has been some 
breakthroughs with some new customer within UK so I believe within the next three to four 
years we should be able to at least we are targeting to double our revenue in UK. 
Keval Ashar: 
So, would it be only the revenues from slabs or the total revenue considering quartz sink 
and slab both? 

 
 
 
Acrysil Limited 
April 04, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Chirag Parekh: 
No, I am talking as a UK business as whole; there are a lot of cross selling opportunities 
like I said. 
Keval Ashar: 
If we currently see quartz sink is the major growth driver for us and also major revenue 
contributor for Acrysil now since you have acquired this, and this is a high growth segment 
in next three to five years how much revenue do you see contributed from this segment for 
Acrysil? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Like I said that UK this is about 120,130 Crores business and our Acrysil UK products is 
going ahead about at a annual rate of about 100 Crores so UK itself is about 220 –230 
Crores of revenue. If we are able to continue, as we assume a general history that Acrysil 
product six years back, we acquire a 2 million revenue company which should  built to 10 
million approximately in the last five or six years so that shows that the company has the 
bandwidth capacity and the market to significantly multiply sales. So, I think we should be 
probably going with that confidence to at least double our revenue in the UK in the next 
four to five years’ time. 
Keval Ashar: 
Got it Sir. Thank you so much and all the best for the coming years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Gada from Abakkus Asset 
Management Company. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Hi Sir, congratulations on the acquisition. A few questions from my end. Firstly, if you 
could help us with the market size of UK because when we say that we have a 35% market 
share and if I look at the revenue of the company from solid surfaces, which would be 
around.100 odd Crores so are we saying that the market is around 300 to 500 Crores in UK 
for this product? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes, you are right so these are solid surfaces these are specialized ATH based surfaces. It’s  
a very niche category and this technology is that they do a seamless integration of kitchen 
sinks to the worktop in one piece, while I say that this would be around I think about 35 
markets percent share so this should be about approximately 500 Crores market but there is 
another 1000 Crores plus market which is there for the quartz tops so while we are doing 
this to access larger market share in the solid surfaces we will also be planning to add a lot 
of quartz tops along with this. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Sir just on the quartz top  is there a technology which is there already with the company we 
are acquiring for quartz as well or the technology something which we already have in-
house, and it is just that a channel will help us introduce the product for cost? 

 
 
 
Acrysil Limited 
April 04, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Chirag Parekh: 
No, I think both Acrysil and UK do know how to fabricate the worktops and install it, so we 
are going to quickly use these channels. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Secondly could you help us what kind of capacity STL has and what is the utilization 
currently and is there any near-term capex plan over there? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So whatever the information I have still and actually finding in UK soon about whatever 
information we have that the STL is doing about 65% to 70% capacity at this point. There is 
a significant land which is available next to it and I think we have enough room for 
expansion further into the solid surfaces and we also have the place to even to do the 
fabrication for the quartz top surfaces. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Just a last bit on the asset base could you help us what will be the asset base of the company 
as of now what is the gross block and the working capital deployed? 
Anand Sharma: 
Nikhil this company is more on a light asset base so around 400,000 pounds is the Gross 
Block. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Okay £400000, right? 
Anand Sharma: 
Yes. 
Nikhil Gada: 
What would be the working capital deployed in the market as of now? 
Anand Sharma: 
Working capital? 
Nikhil Gada: 
What would be the working capital of the business as of now? 
Anand Sharma: 
Working capital is around 70 days. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Chirag bhai just one last question I understand this product is very similar to acrylic solid 
panels and I think India also has large share market of 700 to 1000 Crores which is largely 
imported so are we also looking at introducing this product in India? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So I think we have definitely an idea to do a backward integration in long-term, what we 
see this product has to be a perfect fit for India because India does not have the seamless 
integration the worktops to a sink like we do know this because Carysil Sinks when I see 
my Carysil sink getting fitted into any of the worktop we always see that the fabrication is 
not up to the mark what the Europeans and the other country. So India itself would be a 
significant market for this technology and for the worktops. Second on doing the backward 
integration there is a huge potential for us moving forward to put up the own manufacturing 

 
 
 
Acrysil Limited 
April 04, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 11 
because if we get 100 - 120 Crores of business we can do it for captive consumption and 
this is going to help to setup a base for the worktops both acrylic and for the quartz tops and 
this is how we plan to grow across the world. So, this is going to be a big steppingstone for 
us moving forward. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishab Dugar from CD Equisearch Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Rishab Dugar: 
Good afternoon. I just want to know how much could be the potential sales from cross 
selling opportunities arising from the acquisition. 
Chirag Parekh: 
Like we said there are lot of opportunities, and we plan to see at least somewhere around 
20% to 30% growth year-on-year and I think based on that we should be able to multiply 
revenue in few years time. 
Rishab Dugar: 
So, you are saying 20% to 30% growth on Acrysil’s book? 
Chirag Parekh: 
UK business I am saying. 
Rishab Dugar: 
This will be contributed from the STL’s book you are saying that? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Not just the STL books but the Acrysil Products and the STL put together so because STL 
will have lot of advantage in  Acrysil Products, and so all in all as a UK business we expect 
a good growth. 
Rishab Dugar: 
Since you have talked about cross selling opportunities, I just want to know that what would 
be your competitive advantage in pitching your sinks to STL’s clients? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Being a branded business and for a long time more than 35 years into the UK there are 
various national distributors, which currently the Acrysil products has does not ever entry 
into it like example Wickes, Homebase and large retailers, now this is going to give us a big 
entry into this and that is how it is going to help you scale up the Acrysil business. While 
this STL does the worktop integrate the sinks into it since it is now our company, we would 
be able to transfer all the sinks which is integrated to the worktop with Acrysil sinks. 
Rishab Dugar: 
The clients of STL so they do not sell Quartz Sinks? 

 
 
 
Acrysil Limited 
April 04, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Chirag Parekh: 
So, there are a few common clients between Acrysil products and STL but there is large 
client’s customer base which Acrysil still does not sell Quartz Sink and with the help of 
STL we will have the access to that. 
Rishab Dugar: 
How would you justify these valuations? 
Chirag Parekh: 
I think any acquisition at 15% - 16% EBITDA level and where  you see the growth 
trajectory to be very good in the next few years time, we see about the return investment in 
about six to seven years and like I said there are many opportunities with this acquisition 
and the technology which we are getting seamless technology, we are getting the branded 
business in the UK which we are going to now going to come out with the bathroom 
products, we may add our kitchen faucets, we may add kitchen appliances to it, so we are 
going to take the full advantage of the customer base what they have in UK and plus we 
need to understand that Acrysil Products which currently is distributing sinks and  taps will 
get a significant advantage to it and so that is going to help us significantly to get our strong 
presence in UK market and help  to scale the growth. 
Rishab Dugar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshil Shethia from AUM Fund 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Harshil Shethia: 
Thanks Sir. The products that STL manufacture basically is high quality solid surfaces is it 
like kind of kitchen tops which are granite based in India? 
Chirag Parekh: 
No, these are based on ATH like you have the DuPont Korean kind. So these are very 
different than what we have it in India. So, these are the advantages these are much softer 
surfaces so you can actually do its installation at site with good working. You do not need 
large Quartz cut and tools to cut this so at the site you can do a great finishing work with the 
wooden equipments. 
Harshil Shethia: 
Okay Sir thank you that is it from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nakshita Mehta from Credent Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Nakshita Mehta: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand the debt position of STL do they 
have any debt and if you can just elaborate on that? 
Anand Sharma: 
It is a debt free company they do not carry any debt on their books. 

 
 
 
Acrysil Limited 
April 04, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Nakshita Mehta: 
All right okay perfect that is all I wanted to know. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Rathod. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Rathod: 
Good afternoon, Sir. Actually, I just wanted to know how the revenue and profit numbers? 
Anand Sharma: 
The revenue for the financial year FY2021 they follow the calendar year January to 
December, so the turnover was £12.3 million, EBITDA was £2.05 million, 16.7%, and 
profit before tax £1.8 million. 
Dhruv Rathod: 
Thank you very much. Also, I wanted few on the technology front the technology which 
you are using that is a shock technology on the sinks front is that technology will be shared 
with the new subsidiary coming in? 
Chirag Parekh: 
No, we will not be sharing. 
Dhruv Rathod: 
Sure, thank you very much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraints that was the last question for 
today. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Chirag Parekh for closing 
comments. 
Chirag Parekh: 
I would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone for joining on the call. I hope we 
have been able to address all your queries. For any further information please get in touch 
with Strategic Growth Advisors, our investor relation advisors. Thank you once again. Stay 
safe. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Acrysil Limited we conclude this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
