 
  
 
 
TATA Consultancy Services Limited 
9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Tel. 91 22 6778 9595 Fax 91 22 6778 9660 e-mail corporate.office@tcs.com  website www.tcs.com  
Registered Office 9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021. 
Corporate identification No. (CIN): L22210MH1995PLC084781 
 
TCS/SE/14/2022-23 
 
April 16, 2022 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla 
 
P. J. Towers,   
    
Complex, Bandra (East)  
 
 
 
 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400051 
                                                            Mumbai - 400001    
Symbol - TCS 
                                                            Scrip Code No. 532540  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2022 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter 
and year ended March 31, 2022 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on April 11, 
2022, for your information and records. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: www.tcs.com  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Tata Consultancy Services Limited  
 
 
 
Pradeep Manohar Gaitonde 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 

 
: 
Page 1 of 22 
Tata Consultancy Services Limited 
Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call. 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the TCS Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Kedar Shirali, Global Head, Investor Relations at TCS. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Kedar Shirali: 
Thank you, Steven. Good evening and welcome, everyone. Thank you for 
joining us today to discuss TCS' financial results for the fourth quarter and full 
year fiscal year 2022 that ended March 31, 2022. This call is being webcast 
through our website and an archive, including the transcript, will be available 
on the site for the duration of this quarter. The financial statements, quarterly 
fact sheet and press releases are also available on our website. 
Our leadership team is present on this call to discuss our results. We have with 
us today, Mr. Rajesh Gopinathan -- Chief Executive Officer and Managing 
Director; Mr. N.G. Subramaniam -- Chief Operating Officer and Executive 
Director; Mr. Samir Seksaria -- Chief Financial Officer. Our Chief HR Officer -- 
Mr. Milind Lakkad, could not join us today due to a personal emergency, but 
Samir will be speaking on behalf of Milind. 
Our leadership team will give a brief overview of the company’s performance, 
followed by a Q&A Session. 
As you are aware, we do not provide specific revenue or earnings guidance. 
Anything said on this call, which reflects our outlook for the future or which 
could be construed as a forward-looking statement, must be reviewed in 
conjunction with the risks that the company faces. We have outlined these risks 
in the second slide of the quarterly fact sheet available on our website and e-
mailed out to those who have subscribed to our mailing list. 
With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Rajesh. 

 Tata Consultancy Services Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
: 
Page 2 of 22 
Rajesh Gopinathan: 
Thank you, Kedar. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening to all of 
you.  
We are closing fiscal year 2022 on a strong note, our full year revenue growing 
at 16.8% in rupee terms, 15.4% in constant currency terms and 15.9% in dollar 
terms.  
We added $3.533 billion in incremental revenue during the year, our highest 
ever. Our operating margin for the year was at 25.3% and net margin was at 
20%. 
Having crossed the $25 billion milestone this year, we are now focused on 
ways to get to the next $25 billion. Towards that, we are rolling out a new 
industry-first organization structure that adds customer relationship stage to 
the existing three-dimensions, that is the geography, industry vertical and 
service lines. 
The new structure is more customer-centric and will enable curated 
experiences to our customers based on what stage they are at in their 
relationship journey with TCS. We believe this would ease the path for us to 
become a growth and transformation partner for more of our customers. 
I will now invite Samir and NGS to go over different aspects of our performance 
during the quarter. I’ll step in again later to provide more color on the demand 
trends we are seeing. Over to you, Samir. 
Samir Seksaria: 
Thank you, Rajesh. Let me walk you through the headline numbers. In the 
fourth quarter of FY'22, our revenue crossed `50,000 crores mark, reaching 
`50,591 crores, which is a Y-o-Y growth of 15.8%. In dollar terms, revenues 
were $6.696 billion, a Y-o-Y growth of 11.8%. And in CC terms, our revenue 
growth in Q4 was 14.3%. 
For the full year, our revenue was `191,754 crores, which is a growth of 
16.8%. In dollar terms, revenue was $25.707 billion, a growth of 15.9% and in 
constant currency terms, this translates to 15.4%. 
Let me now go over the financial performance. Our operating margin in Q4 
stayed flat sequentially at 25%. As in the previous quarter, we had headwinds 
of about 90 basis points from ongoing supply side challenges, which were 
mitigated from operational efficiencies and 10 basis points of currency 
support.  

 Tata Consultancy Services Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
: 
Page 3 of 22 
For the full year, our operating margins continue to be industry-leading at 
25.3%. Annual increment, tactical interventions and increased subcontractor 
usage represented a headwind of 330 basis points, offset to some extent by 
operational efficiencies, improved realization and some currency support. 
Net income margin in Q4 was 19.6%, and for the full year, 20%.  
EPS grew 16.1% during the year, excluding the provision we made towards a 
legal claim in FY 21. Effective tax rate for the year was 25.6%.  
Our accounts receivable was at 64 days DSO in dollar terms down 3 days 
sequentially and 4 days Y-o-Y. Net cash flow from operations was `110.51 
billion, which is a cash conversion of 111% of net income. Free cash flow was 
`102.59 billion. Invested funds as on March 31st stood at `560.53 billion. 
The board has recommended a final dividend of `22 per share. For the full 
year, this represents a shareholder payout of `31,424 crores, and this does 
not include `4,000 crores of buyback tax which has an outflow in the month of 
April. 
Now, since Milind could not join the call today, let me go over the people 
metrics as well.  
On the people front, this has been a standout quarter where we set many 
benchmarks. We had an all-time high net addition in the quarter as well as for 
the full year at 35,209 and 103,546 respectively, bringing the total headcount 
to 592,195. The record net addition reflects the strength of our employer brand 
and our ability to draw talent across the world. 
We received several accolades and external validations this quarter for our 
commitment to excellence and talent management. We were recognized by 
the Confederation of Indian Industry, (CII), with the Role Model in HR 
Excellence and Prize for Leadership in HR at the CII HR Excellence Awards. 
The Role Model award has been given only twice before in the last 12 years. 
TCS ranked #1 in the LinkedIn Top Companies list of the Best Workplaces for 
Career Growth in India, with top scores in providing the ability to advance, skills 
growth, company stability, external opportunity, company affinity, gender 
diversity and spread of educational backgrounds. 

 Tata Consultancy Services Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
: 
Page 4 of 22 
Lastly, we were recognized as the Global Top Employer for the Seventh Year 
in a Row by the Top Employers Institute. 
Our focus on diversity and inclusion and localized hiring in all our major 
markets has resulted in a very diverse workforce in 153 nationalities 
represented and women making up 35.6% of the base. 
We continue to invest heavily in organic talent development. In Q4, TCSers 
clocked 22 million learning hours. For the full year, TCSers locked 60.3 
million learning hours and acquired 3.5 million digital competencies. 
The number of contextual masters, that is, individuals who have demonstrated 
deep contextual knowledge of their customers business and IT landscape, hit 
a new milestone crossing 50,000 in Q4. 
Moving to talent retention, we have a track record of consistently maintaining 
the highest talent retention in the industry, even in the face of high levels of 
churn across the industry. Our attrition in IT services continues to rise on an 
LTM basis and was at 17.4%. However, the quarterly annualized attrition is 
plateauing. 
Lastly, we have announced a salary increment with effect from April 1st similar 
in quantum to prior years. 
With that, I’ll request NGS to give the segmental and product commentary. 
N.G. Subramaniam: 
Hello, again. Thank you for joining us. Let me begin by providing the segmental 
performance result for the quarter. All growth numbers are on Y-o-Y constant 
currency basis.  
All our industry verticals grew in the mid-to-high teens in Q4 and for the full 
year. Q4 growth was led by Retail and CPG, which grew 22.1%, Manufacturing 
and Utilities grew 19%, and Communications and Media grew by 18.7%, 
Technology and Services grew 18%, Life sciences and Healthcare grew 
16.4%, and Financial Services grew by 12.9%. 
For the full year, growth was led again by Retail and CPG, which grew by 
20.6%, Manufacturing and Utilities which grew by 19.4%, Life sciences and 
Healthcare 19.2%, Financial Services 15.1%, Technology and Services 15.8% 
and Communications and Media by 14%. 

 Tata Consultancy Services Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
: 
Page 5 of 22 
On an accounting segment basis, including revenues from emerging markets 
and products and platforms, our BFSI segment crossed the $10 billion 
revenue milestone this year. 
Moving on to geographic markets, growth in Q4 was led by North America, 
which grew 18.7%, UK at 13% and Continental Europe at 10.1%. 
Among emerging markets, Latin America grew by 20.6%, Middle East and 
Africa grew by 7.3%, India by 7%, and Asia Pacific by 5.5%. 
On a full year basis, North America grew by 17.5%, Continental Europe by 
15%, and UK by 14.3%. Moving on to emerging markets, Latin America grew 
18.2%, India grew by 16%, Middle East and Africa grew by 12.9%, while Asia 
Pacific had 6.7% growth. 
Our portfolio of products and platforms continue to do well in the market. 
ignio™, our cognitive automation software signed up 36 new clients in Q4, and 
we had six clients went live with ignio™ during the quarter. For the full year, 
ignio closed over 100 deals and had 27 go-lives. 
The Digitate Academy has trained over 11,500 professionals in the 
marketplace and certified more than 4,100 professionals on ignio.  
ignio continues to transform operations across domains using AI and 
automation, to enhance resilience in delivering superior business outcomes. 
For a leading energy generation and distribution company in North America, 
ignio is managing over 100,000 incidents autonomously, with 100% successful 
resolution rate, covering 30% of their overall IT footprint. 
A global professional services provider has gone live with ignio’s Digital 
Workspace, proactively managing the health of over 11,000 laptops globally 
for better user experience and productivity. ignio also manages group policies, 
privileges and updates for improved compliance and reduced vulnerability. 
TCS BaNCS™, our flagship product suite for the financial services industry 
had 4 new wins and 3 go-lives in Q4. In FY 22, TCS BaNCS won 22 new 
customers and had 16 key go-lives. Half the wins were for the SaaS model, 
demonstrating the growth adoption of cloud, and more importantly, TCS 
BaNCS’ cloud readiness for large and niche projects. 

 Tata Consultancy Services Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
: 
Page 6 of 22 
During the quarter, TCS BaNCS Global Securities platform was selected by a 
leading South African Financial Services group for their personal and business 
financial banking, business banking offerings catering to investor services and 
it includes custody and corporate actions as well. With this new deal, almost 
95% of the custody transactions in South Africa will run on TCS BaNCS™ in 
addition to the Central Depository. 
Quartz blockchain platform had 2 new wins in Q4. The Quartz brand has 
extended its presence across multiple industries, ranging from financial 
services to the energy sector and pharmaceuticals.  
A leading corporate depository in India has selected Quartz for markets to 
implement a solution for corporate bond issuance and covenant monitoring. 
The solution will facilitate the creation of bond instruments by bringing together 
different stakeholders, including CSDs, debenture trustees, valuation firms and 
exchanges into a blockchain based ecosystem. The solution is designed to 
enable greater transparency in the issuance process by eliminating potential 
double counting of underlying assets, enabling real-time information updates 
from various stakeholders and providing a single source of truth through the 
shared ledger. 
TCS HOBS™ suite of products for communication services had 2 deal wins in 
Q4. 
TCS TwinX™, our AI-based digital solution had 6 wins and 3 go-lives during 
the quarter. 
TCS OmniStore™, our AI-powered universal commerce suite had 3 new wins. 
TCS Optumera™, our AI-powered merchandise optimization suite had 2 new 
wins and 3 go-lives. 
TCS iON has now onboarded over 700 corporates to enable job outcome 
linkage. In FY’22, TCS iON conducted 45 million in-center and 2.9 million 
remote assessments at national and regional scale. 
Let me now spend some time on our client metrics. As you know, our customer-
centric strategy entails continually investing and building newer capabilities to 
create value in newer parts of our clients business, so that our relationship 
keeps expanding and deepening over time.  

 Tata Consultancy Services Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
: 
Page 7 of 22 
Measuring our customers’ upward progression across various revenue 
buckets is that surest validation of our strategy. So, we track these metrics very 
closely. 
In Q4, we added 10 more clients over the last 12 months in the $100 million 
plus band, bringing the total to 58.  
We added 19 more clients in the $50 million plus band, bringing the total to 
120; 40 more clients in the $20 million band, bringing the total to 268; 52 more 
clients in the $10 million band, bringing the total to 439; 69 more clients in the 
$5 million band, bringing the total to 638 and 86 more clients in the $1 million 
plus band, bringing the total to 1,182. 
With that, let me hand it over to Rajesh for some additional color on the demand 
drivers and the order book. 
Rajesh Gopinathan: 
Thank you, NGS. We have spoken about three broad growth drivers this year 
-- increased outsourcing, cloud adoption and growth and transformation.  
When we talk about cloud adoption, it’s not a single event, but a multi-horizon 
transformation journey that begins with migration and other Horizon 1 activities. 
G&T is often the primary driver of our customers’ Horizon 2 investments and 
so partnering customers in the initial stages of the cloud adoption is also 
opening the doors to us to their G&T initiatives. 
As in prior quarters, we had several new wins around Horizon 1, initiatives such 
as cloud migration, application and data modernization, etc., I’ll give a few 
examples of such instances.  
• 
Coop, a leading Swedish retailer, engaged us to migrate critical logistics 
applications to the public cloud. This migration has future proofed Coop’s 
core systems and enhanced its agility and scalability. 
• 
For a large Australian power utility, TCS helped execute the end-to-end 
transformation, including cloud discovery and assessment, foundation 
services, cloud migration, application modernization and operations 
management. Using our factory approach, we helped migrate more than 
150 applications and over 1,800 servers to the cloud, helping 
decommission its IT infrastructure, reduce technology debt, enhance 
resilience and provide a solid foundation for the company’s Horizon 2 
plans. 

 Tata Consultancy Services Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
: 
Page 8 of 22 
• 
Similarly a large U.K.-based communication service provider has engaged 
TCS as its strategic data and analytics transformation partner, to help build 
a common and simplified data platform on a public cloud, enabling future 
use cases around hyper-personalization, micro marketing, differentiated 
customer experience and even new revenue streams like data 
monetization. 
While such initiatives help improve the organization’s operational resilience 
and give it greater agility and scalability to handle future growth, the real value 
unlocking of the cloud investments comes from Horizon 2 initiatives, which use 
the native capabilities of the cloud to try out new ways of working, innovations 
around products of business models and new customer experiences. 
Let me share a few examples to show what we mean when we talk about new 
ways of working.  
• 
A leading European Financial Services firm engaged us to transform their 
time-consuming and error-prone financial spreading process used for 
determining the creditworthiness of corporate clients. Our TCS FSaaS, the 
Financing Spreading-as-a-Service Solution on a hyperscaler cloud, 
digitized the spreading process, extracting data from financial statements 
and regulatory filings using ML-based models 7x faster, with 99% 
accuracy. This enabled more accurate credit scoring, quicker lending 
decisions and higher throughput and business growth. 
This engagement also highlights how we are originating and winning such 
Horizon 2 deals. The idea itself came up as a visible manifestation of 
contextual knowledge during an Innovation Day Hackathon we had 
organized for the client. The account team then proactively pitched the idea 
to the client’s risk management organization, eventually leading to an 
engagement. 
• 
For Rabobank, a leading European bank, has partnered with TCS to build 
a modern data warehouse platform on a public cloud for their wholesale 
customers’ KYC business domain. The platform will ingest, curate and 
generate KYC reports to view customer data in a consistent way across 
the globe, using cloud-native analytics and reporting tools, and enable 
faster forecasting and business decisioning and onboarding. 

 Tata Consultancy Services Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
: 
Page 9 of 22 
• 
We have been selected by a leading Swiss building materials provider as 
a strategic partner for its `plants of tomorrow’ initiative, digital 
transformation and journey to net zero goal. 
TCS will leverage its Neural Manufacturing™ framework to develop IoT-
based digital solutions, enabling predictive operations and maintenance, 
intelligent automation and robotics. These are expected to improve asset 
and plant performance, and reduce energy costs and carbon footprint. 
A recurring theme in Horizon 2 initiatives, is product and service innovation to 
enable new business models, generate new revenue streams and to drive 
growth. Here are a couple of examples.  
• 
For an American corporation that specializes in water treatment, 
purification, cleaning, hygiene and infection prevention solution, TCS is 
helping to develop a cloud-based connected products platform that will 
remotely monitor multiple equipment and related sanitizing consumables 
at customer sites.  
Using this, the company can launch innovative products like digitally 
connected appliances for hand hygiene, surface sanitization and 
dishwashing. That will enable as-a-service business model in the facilities 
management area and drive new revenue streams. Actionable insights 
from the platform leveraging AI and predictive analytics will enable timely 
refills, proactive maintenance and unlock the ability to cross-sell and 
upsell. 
• 
Similarly, we have been selected by Hartmann, a leading surgical and 
medical instrument manufacturing company to work on a future product 
line to add to their high compression bandage products portfolio. TCS will 
conceptualize, design and co-develop a digital health solution for 
healthcare professionals and patients using IoT to simplify the patient 
monitoring process. TCS will develop the sensor patch and its associated 
software components to detect the pressure sensor data and transmit it 
using NFC to the patient monitoring mobile application and cloud back-
end. 
Lastly, with the idea of metaverse catching on in the enterprise world, we are 
seeing growing interest in providing customers and users with immersive 

 Tata Consultancy Services Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
: 
Page 10 of 22 
online experiences using XR or extended reality. Let me give you a couple of 
examples.  
• 
A leading U.S.-based communication service provider faced with the 
challenge of driving retail sales while physical stores were seeing lower 
footfall during the pandemic, partnered with TCS to provide a personalized 
at-home experience of a real store.  
TCS organized the design thinking workshops to conceptualize and design 
a virtual replica of a store using passive VR, which customers can enter 
and virtually navigate on their mobile devices. Built using TCS 
Avapresence™ foundry and the webAR technology, the virtual store is 
accessible from any device with virtual try-on and try-out features. 
It has integrated commerce capabilities so customers can purchase the 
products and accessories on display, just as in a physical store. The cloud 
native framework made it easier to integrate with existing e-Commerce 
platforms, provide real-time insights and scale the solution. The virtual 
store has resulted in better customer engagement, a 30% increase in 
sales conversion and an 80% growth in digital channel sales. 
• 
For marketing of their newly launched product, a prefilled injection, a 
leading medical devices manufacturer engaged TCS to provide an 
immersive experience for its healthcare partners to show them how the 
model can be conveniently self-administered. TCS came up with various 
options using AR experience and recommended the best approach to the 
client. It used WebAR to create a realistic virtual 3D model of the injection 
which provides users with usage instructions through an immersive 
experience, obviating the need to go through lengthy user guides. 
The successful use of AR to market has sort of just led to interest in 
building similar experiences around their other products as well. 
These are some examples of the continuing demand trends that have been 
filling our order book and driving strong growth over the course of the year.  
In Q4, we had very strong deal wins, resulting in an all-time high order book 
with TCV of $11.3 billion. This includes two mega deals of roughly $1 billion 
each. Even excluding these two mega deals, our order book TCV in Q4 is at 
$9.5 billion, which is also an all-time high.  

 Tata Consultancy Services Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
: 
Page 11 of 22 
By vertical, BFSI had very strong TCV of $3.2 billion, while retail posted an 
order book of $2.6 billion. The TCV of deals signed in North America stood at 
$6.1 billion.  
For the full year, our order book TCV was $34.6 billion, a growth of 9.5% over 
the prior year. 
With that, we can open the line for questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please 
go ahead. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
My first question was around the margins. So, we had set our aspiration band 
above 26%. In the current context of the supply side constraint and especially 
for FY'23, how do you see that aspirational band panning out and what are the 
headwinds and tailwinds we are looking at immediately in the next few 
quarters? 
Samir Seksaria: 
Hi, Kumar. So, the 26% to 28% remains our guiding base, and our long-term 
cost structures are very well placed and we firmly believe that we can operate 
in the 26% to 28% band based on our long-term cost structures.  
If you look at the near term, we will double down on our operational levers to 
help us get closer to this band. From a short and near-term perspective, given 
what we are seeing in terms of the churn, until it goes back to our normal levels, 
we will see some volatility on margins. So, that’s our view. And if I look at FY 
23, at least initially we would be seeing some churn and pressure on margins. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Given that now we’d be ramping up the onsite as well with the travel resuming, 
how would be the wage hikes on the onsite side? And how are we looking to 
mitigate that impact? 
Rajesh Gopinathan: 
Rakesh, this is Rajesh here. Overall, we think that salary hikes will be similar 
from a medium perspective to what was there last year with a slightly upward 
bias. While there will be pressures in individual markets or individual capability 
side, the hiring and the pyramid rebalancing that has happened will also give 
a significant support. And we think that, as travel opens up more and more, our 
optimization levers will also increase. So, there is no one specific answer to it. 
If you take a given variable, of course, those variables have their own 
unidirectional impact. But in aggregate, we believe that the portfolio can lend 
itself for some optimization, but short-term volatility is to be expected. 

 Tata Consultancy Services Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
: 
Page 12 of 22 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Rajesh, one clarification. So, early this month we had announced one large 
material deal win from a large American company. So, this quarter deal win 
which we have announced of $11.3 billion, so that includes that or –? 
Rajesh Gopinathan: 
It happened on the cusp of the quarter so this $11.3 billion includes that deal. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Diviya Nagarajan from UBS. Please go 
ahead. 
Diviya Nagarajan: 
Couple of questions from my side. NGS, earlier on the press conference you 
had talked about some of your customers stepping back and you kind of 
described that as backing up. Could you kind of explain what that means in 
terms of the budget expectation or spending trends that you're seeing with 
some of those customers? That’s question number one. Question two, from an 
overall perspective, if you were to look at your demand outlook and the 
confidence that you have on the outlook versus last year, how would you kind 
of rate that -- is it the same, are you seeing more risk, or how would you 
characterize that? 
N.G. Subramaniam: 
Thank you, Diviya. I think I answered that in the context of the Europe 
performance in the current quarter compared to the previous quarters.  
What we see in Europe typically across verticals is that they are the ones which 
were most impacted by COVID, because different countries were affected by 
COVID at different times, and they are a fairly  integrated economy, number 
one. Number two is that they are just about to also manage the Brexit which 
happened during the last 18 months or so, and now the war situation. All of 
that put together, there is some thinking about what should be the investment 
areas. At the same time, there is enormous focus on sustainability across 
verticals. Everybody in Europe is looking at putting sustainability on the 
agenda.  
Looking at all of this, there is a kind of stepping back and see where are the 
investors, what should be the priorities for technology investments and so on, 
so on. In that context, some readjustment and re-orientation of budgets are 
taking place. But, as we explained in the press conference as well, that 
technology is the solution for the majority of the issues that they are facing. In 
that context, the technology spend continues to happen, but there are some 
reallocation in terms of where they actually go and they spend on technology.  

 Tata Consultancy Services Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
: 
Page 13 of 22 
To your second question on confidence in the overall demand outlook, it looks 
very good. The kind of deal wins and the momentum that we have, we are 
clearly in a better position now compared to where we were same time last 
year. So, that should augur well for our growth and our aspirations for FY 23. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sandip Agarwal from Edelweiss. Please 
go ahead. 
Sandip Agarwal: 
I have only one question on the manpower side. So, just wanted to understand 
that the situation we are going through is led by high demand and the supply 
is not matching it. So, basically, there is kind of poaching from one another. 
So, the real solution probably is the supply increasing. So, how will supply 
increase in next two quarters – will it be completely through this fresher hiring 
which has happened in past and the way we are hiring right now or you think 
that there are other ways to increase the supply, like cutting down the training 
time through accelerated training programs, are there some other options by 
which we can increase the supply because I think that is where we are right 
now most hurt and probably demand environment remains robust, so what is 
your sense on supply issues cooling off, by when you think it will happen? 
Rajesh Gopinathan: 
Sandip, Rajesh here. As you rightly pointed out, what we’re seeing is a 
demand-supply mismatch in our industry. Fresher hiring and productive use of 
freshers is a long-cycle activity. But you have seen the industry step-up hiring 
over the last four quarters. We expect that as that supply hits productive use, 
that will ease up a lot of what was going on over the last few quarters.  
So, that’s why when we say that as we look forward two quarters ahead, we 
think that attrition will flat line and then start tapering.  
The expectation is that the bulk of this hiring that has gone on across the 
industry in the last calendar year will start coming in and playing a role. So, it’s 
very similar to what you are saying; just that there is a little bit of a lag and by 
middle of the year we should see it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Apurva Prasad from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Apurva Prasad: 
Rajesh, a couple of quick ones. So, the changes in the operating structure that 
you mentioned and the participation across a wider spectrum now, how does 
that intersect with the hyperscaler deals? And as a result of this, likely to reflect 

 Tata Consultancy Services Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
: 
Page 14 of 22 
more in the $100 million client bucket or do you think it’s probably going to 
reflect more in the $10 million category initially? 
Rajesh Gopinathan: 
Apurva, let me explain what we are doing and hopefully that will answer the 
question, because the services, our focus on cloud and hyperscalers is 
independent of what we’re doing on the structure side.  
On the structure side, we are realigning our governance to bring in focus on 
our engagement model for customers across different points of their 
relationship journey with us.  
We are creating three new groups. One, focused on customers who are at the 
early stage of the relationship with us. Typically, in that stage, a customer is 
very focused on assessing whether TCS can deliver the specific project given 
to them.  
As they go forward in their relationship with us, typically the focus shifts and 
many of our customers try and see if TCS can be a strategic vendor around 
whom they can consolidate. Typically, most customers prefer to have one or 
two or three large vendors and vendor consolidation is a common theme 
across our customer base. And at that time, the question is, does TCS have 
the full spectrum of services? Do they have an ability to deliver those services 
in a consolidated manner? Can they manage the relationship at a stepped level 
in terms of an enhanced support to them across both services as well as across 
geographical markets that they operate in, etc.? So, the focus shifts to the full 
services model and our ability to scale up to be a strategic supplier to them. 
And as that phase passes through, the focus then shifts again to whether we 
can step beyond being a scaled strategic vendor to being a vendor who can 
participate well in their transformation initiatives and across a wide spectrum 
of their CXO initiatives.  
Now I’ve laid it out in a very kind of a time-bound manner. Many times, it might 
happen in a different sequence, but broadly this is the sequence in which a 
relationship develops over time. So, we are standing up different organizational 
groups that are focused on ensuring that the engagement models are aligned 
to these three stages of the customer relationship.  
The specific service that we offer, for example, at an early stage itself, the first 
project might be a product implementation or it could be a TCS IP being 
delivered or it could be a transformative engagement on the G&T side. It 

 Tata Consultancy Services Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
: 
Page 15 of 22 
doesn’t matter what that is. That project has to be executed well because that 
is the proof point of the early part of the relationship. So, whether it is 
hyperscaler, not hyperscaler, whether it is G&T, that is not actually pre-decided 
based on any of these three structures. It is more the way the engagement is 
governed that is being set up. I hope that answers your question. 
Apurva Prasad: 
Yes, Rajesh, that clarifies. I was also actually trying to understand how does 
that reflect in the $100 million versus $10 million and I am assuming it’s the 
latter initially, but I get the point. My second question Rajesh is, you did earlier 
mention of TCV reverting to $8 billion, $8.5 billion. So, I want to understand 
from you how is the mega deal pipeline looking and any additional color on the 
two mega deals? 
Rajesh Gopinathan: 
Apurva, that point was in a context, I will come to it. So, if you look at our 
commentary through the last few quarters, we have consistently maintained 
that the pipeline distribution of deal sizes is fairly even, and similar to earlier 
periods. But when a very large mega deal will close is very hard to predict.  
This quarter’s numbers are a validation of the fact that there is no skew to the 
pipeline. It’s not that the industry is shifting towards very large deals or very 
small deals. So, the quarter’s results actually validate the point that we have 
been emphasizing over the last few quarters.  
The point about $8.5 billion was different. A better way to think about the overall 
pipeline progression and demand outlook is to look at the long-term trend line 
of our TCV. We used to be in the $6.5 billion range eight quarters back, 
whereas we are now well into $8 billion+ range currently. So that’s the context 
of that $8.5 billion. It is not to say that $11.3 billion will immediately step down 
to $8.5 billion.  
I was saying that we have seen a steady expansion of our base TCV levels, 
which is an indication of the robust demand environment and the relevance of 
our services and market presence to the target customers that we have. 
Apurva Prasad: 
Just the second part of that, on the two mega deals and does that mean better 
line of sight to replicate the $3.5 billion incremental next year? 
Rajesh Gopinathan: 
That is a very leading question, which I shall skip. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 

 Tata Consultancy Services Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
: 
Page 16 of 22 
Mukul Garg: 
Just two questions from my side. The first one is on the pricing and its impact 
on margins. You guys mentioned earlier on that you are seeing some impact 
of pricing in part of your business. So, if you can zoom in a little bit on that 
segment, is there a way to quantify the change of pricing which is happening 
at this point of time versus maybe a year or two prior to this? And just moving 
that forward, is that something which can help you mitigate the margin pressure 
which is there? And can that be more of a H2 event or is that impact going to 
flow through in FY 24? 
Rajesh Gopinathan: 
Difficult to put a timeframe to it, but let me try and give you some color on 
what’s happening on the pricing side. Typically, in renewals and other aspects 
of ongoing relationships, there is a slight uptick in terms of the pricing that we 
are seeing. It could manifest itself as COLA clauses being better enforceable, 
or in terms of renewals at a slightly increased price points from customers with 
whom where we have had a good relationship and also who have seen us 
stand by them during the pandemic period. So, that’s the nature of the pricing 
there.  
Whereas if you look at fresh new deals that are coming in, the competitive 
intensity is quite high and the price points there are reflective of the nature of 
the work. If it is a very wide field, with lots of competition, the pricing reflects 
that. So, there is no one single answer to it. It is more the smaller aspects of it 
are where the slight uptick of pricing is happening. The cumulative impact of it 
will take some time to come through.  
For the full year, of course, gaining from the base effect of last year, we have 
had a net improvement in realization. But for the quarter per se, actually the 
realization has been flattish. So, as I said, the cumulative effect will take some 
time for it to become a material impact. 
Mukul Garg: 
And the second question was on the net adds. You guys have done an 
incredible job of adding over 100,000 employees this year. How should we look 
at this given that you don’t share broad utilization levels? How much of that 
adds this year was more to do with the future growth which you have visibility 
on? And was there a cushion which was to kind of ease out the stressed deals 
which saw very strong growth last year and hence got consumed there? 
N.G. Subramaniam: 
Mukul, NGS here. Overall, we had about 100,000 people who were freshers 
during the last financial year. Initially we thought that we would add about 

 Tata Consultancy Services Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
: 
Page 17 of 22 
40,000, but then we remained agile and our hiring model allowed us to source 
the required number of people at the right levels through the year.  
Taking that into account, we are planning to do the same thing. We will start 
thereabouts with 40,000 freshers for the target for of this year. But having said 
that, I think our utilization levels, including the freshers has come down in this 
quarter. So, that is an opportunity for us to improve the utilization in the coming 
quarter as well as probably in H1 also.  
We are also looking at other levers, right. The whole productivity will hopefully 
improve in the coming quarters. Our approach to bringing people to work 
should see a certain amount of better utilization and also, better ways of 
structuring the teams as we move forward as well. All this should contribute to 
better utilization and better overall realization, while we continue to look for the 
right talent and majority of them will be organically grown as well.  
The new organization structure and operating model that we have put in place, 
also means that there are additional investments that we are making, and the 
talent is aligned to that curated customer journey that we are putting in place. 
So, at the entry level, the focus is more on the right amount of technology skills, 
the process orientation, making sure that the rigor in delivery is in place and 
the overall quality of experience is improved at the entry level.  
While at the top of the business transformation growth, we look for talent 
specifically contributing to the growth and transformation programs that we 
look at, partly from the contextual master programs that we have and then 
partly from the local market knowledge that we’ll be acquiring.  
So, it’s a very well-rounded thinking process by which a good amount of talent 
is sourced fresh, upskilled internally, as well as hired laterally and it aligns the 
right team and putting together horses for courses or courses for horses as the 
situation demands for it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Rajesh, just the first question is in terms of this new operating model. TCS is 
always best known in terms of client mining efforts. So, whether this new 
operating model will take into consideration in acceleration of a client mining 
efforts and whether the variable incentives of the sales and the delivery and 
the other subject matter experts will have a laser-sharp focus in terms of mining 

 Tata Consultancy Services Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
: 
Page 18 of 22 
across all the buckets? So, how this will provide an incremental benefit to TCS? 
Just that is what I wanted to understand. 
Rajesh Gopinathan: 
Thanks. The model is more designed to ensure that the right talent in TCS is 
brought to bear at the right stage of client relationship so that we can maximize 
the value that we add to our customers. So, that’s the main focus.  
More than incentivization, it is about choosing the right people and also setting 
up their support structures appropriately, and investing in those aspects of the 
engagement model, and also the distribution of people and customers and the 
kind of concentration that we have of relationships. That’s the focus.  
So, a), more than incentive, it is about finding the right people for the right roles 
and structuring the roles in a more concentrated way; and b), it is about making 
sure that we maximize the value that we add to our customers. 
Sandeep Shah: 
NGS in his comments has also said, while entering FY’23, we are more 
confident versus FY’22. While what we foresee in FY’23 is there could be lot 
many macro related issues. So, is it client discussion indicates that this time 
the co-relation of the IT spend versus macro issue would no longer be that 
direct and the IT spend may not get impacted despite the macro related issue 
as a whole? So, just wanted to understand any client discussion which gives 
you even concern in terms of reprioritization of spend, delay in terms of project 
starts or ramp up as a whole? 
N.G. Subramaniam: 
Sandeep, I mentioned that comment in the context of comparatively speaking 
as we were last year and where we are this year. Comparatively speaking, I 
think from our momentum that we see, the demand environment that we see 
and the pipeline and the deals that we have contracted, all that when I compare 
it, I think we are in a better wicket compared to what we were in the same time 
last year. That is the context in which I made that statement.  
Having said that, on the macro issues, there are many comments are being 
made, economists, IMF has made a series of comments on this. World Health 
Organization has made certain comments, the war situations are there. We are 
tracking all of this and then we will have to stay agile and course correct 
ourselves as we execute our operations, one.  
Secondly, what we see is that, whether it is in good times or bad, technology 
is the answer. The investment buckets might change from one to the other, but 
the technology spend itself is likely to remain robust. That’s the way that we 

 Tata Consultancy Services Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
: 
Page 19 of 22 
see things. That’s the way that we also try and measure the impact on 
geopolitical risk and other macroeconomic indicators. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Just lastly bookkeeping. For these two large mega deals, is it possible to share 
the tenure of these two deals? And also, in cost of revenue line, this time the 
absolute travel cost has been one of the lowest in the fourth quarter of FY'22. 
So, will that remain in this level because work from office is starting across 
most of the vendors as a whole, so what is the reason for such a lower cost on 
travel? 
Rajesh Gopinathan: 
I will answer the first part and then Samir will take the next one. Typically for 
larger deals, the deal tenure is somewhere in the five to seven range and for 
deals which are closer to $1 billion there upwards of seven years. Both these 
deals are in the seven to 10-year kind of a range. 
Samir Seksaria: 
On travel costs, travel was sluggish in the first two months of the quarter, and 
there was also moderation in visa cost during the quarter. As we have called 
out, we expect discretionary expenses to increase, so to that extent, this is an 
abnormality. We have been seeing travel expenses increasing through 
previous quarters and that trend should continue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Menon from Macquarie. Please go 
ahead. 
Ravi Menon: 
Typically in Q3 you have furloughs and lower number of working days with a 
lot of holidays and Q4 you really get the benefit of that despite fewer days in 
the quarter. At this time, that absolute incremental revenue has declined 
compared to what we had in Q3. So, what were the headwinds? And did we 
not have any furloughs in Q3, usual seasonality, the focus on it like? 
Samir Seksaria: 
One thing to look at in Q3 is that Christmas was on a Sunday. So, technically 
there was one more working day than usual. Furloughs did continue in Q3. But 
if you look at it from a working days perspective, Q3 had one more day because 
of the global holiday being on a weekend. 
Ravi Menon: 
And then in Europe, we had a slight revenue decline in absolute terms. So, I 
think you mentioned in your press comment about the deal answer at 
Postbank? Is there anything else, do you have any programs put on pause by 
clients because of the war situation in Ukraine or anything else that you see as 
temporary or is there anything specific that you’re concerned about? 

 Tata Consultancy Services Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
: 
Page 20 of 22 
Rajesh Gopinathan: 
Ravi, you have got to see it in the perspective that Q3 had very strong numbers. 
The current growth is off that base. It’s a normalization from the Q3 growth. In 
Q3 we had a 6%-plus sequential growth in Europe. So, it’s in that perspective. 
Ravi Menon: 
In the first half of FY'22, the trainees you onboarded, I would assume have 
been largely deployed if not wholly deployed. So, why is there a large gap 
between the employee addition and revenue growth? Should we say that this 
is just capacity that’s built up because of attrition and preparing for better 
growth so that you’re not really short of people, are we just playing safe? 
Rajesh Gopinathan: 
If you are asking why is there a mismatch in terms of when there is employee 
addition happens and where the revenue comes, we have been long-term 
focused especially on our fresher hiring.  
It’s a programmatic hiring approach that we have taken. We were one of the 
few companies that hired through the pandemic, honored every offer that we 
made and continued to hire through the pandemic. So, our approach to fresher 
hiring has always been medium-term focused and EP hiring is the one that is 
more short term one.  
But short term side, as you can see from our subcontractor expenses, we are 
anyway running very tight on that. So, the EP hiring continues, fresher hiring is 
more medium to long term focused. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
The first one is, just your comment around Europe. You talked about some re-
allocation and reorientation of technology budgets. Just trying to understand 
how did this manifest in client behavior in terms of timing of deal closures or 
decision-making cycle? 
N.G. Subramaniam: 
I think the re-allocation of budgets comment was made in the context of again, 
Europe, right, where there are multiple scenarios are emerging there. In certain 
verticals, sustainability is important, pretty much in across the client base that 
we see. Most of them have made some very strong commitments on the 
sustainability front and the goal front. From that perspective, one of the things 
that happened is, every program that they are doing, there is a very strong 
alignment to the sustainability goals and how the technology that they are 
implementing is going to be contributing to their sustainability goals. To that 
extent, some amount of reallocation takes place.  

 Tata Consultancy Services Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
: 
Page 21 of 22 
The other thing is actually the war situation currently, means, should we really 
look at it in the context of where we should invest or how we should do? And 
as a conscious thing on the customers are asking us to see whether we could 
actually execute it from our Eastern European development centers, because 
that is the skill sets that are coming and then they are available. Number two 
is that also, the least that we can do at this point in time is to be meaningful to 
the communities in those countries. So, in that sense, some amount of 
reallocation, rethinking in terms of how the technology can take place, how the 
allocation of the technology, from where the spend has to take place. These 
are things that have been deliberated. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
The second question is around margins. So, you talked about volatility in 
margins in fiscal ’23. So, is there any threshold level below which you would 
want margins to not go or the focus will be largely to fulfill the demand without 
caring too much about the volatility in the near term? 
Rajesh Gopinathan: 
We don’t have any specific floor or cap on the margin front. Our commentary 
on margin has always been about where we think the overall opportunity is and 
where we think we can stabilize it. But per se, as you said, we have never put 
margin over given business or growth opportunity. But we stay very disciplined 
in chasing growth and we prefer profitable growth over everything else. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Rajesh Gopinathan: 
Perfect. Thank you. As I said, we had a strong well-rounded growth in Q4, 
which helped us close FY 22 on a strong note, growing 16.8% in rupee terms 
and 15.4% in constant currency terms and 15.9% in dollar terms.  
Our margins continue to be industry leading.  
The strong growth came from our customer-centric model, which visibly shows 
in our clients metrics where we have had strong addition across all revenue 
band buckets. We are now doubling down on that customer-centricity by rolling 
out a new organization structure that will enable curated experiences for our 
customers depending on what stage their relationship with TCS.  
The strength of demand for our services showed through in an all-time high 
order book during the quarter, even after excluding the two mega deals we won 
in Q4.  

 Tata Consultancy Services Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
April 11, 2022, 20:00 hrs IST (10:30 hrs US ET) 
 
: 
Page 22 of 22 
We have hired fresh talent in record numbers this year in India and in our major 
markets, while taking tactical measures to retain our best talent in the midst of 
an elevated churn across the industry.  
Thank you all for joining us in this call today. Enjoy the rest of your evening or 
day and do stay safe. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of TCS, that concludes 
this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
_________________________________________________________________________________ 
Note:  
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim 
record of the proceedings. 
