 
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
1st and 2nd Floor, Cnergy IT Park, Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025. 
Regd. Office : ICICI PruLife Towers, 1089, Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025. India. Visit us at www.iciciprulife.com 
Phone: +91 22 5039 1600, Fax: +91 22 2422 4484, Email: corporate@iciciprulife.com 
CIN : L66010MH2000PLC127837 
 
April 22, 2022 
 
General Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
 
Mumbai 400 001 
Vice President 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Earnings call Transcript for year ended March 31, 2022 
 
This is further to our letter dated April 12, 2022 and April 16, 2022. The Company had hosted an 
earnings conference call with investors and analyst on Saturday, April 16, 2022 to discuss the 
financial performance of the Company for FY2022. 
 
Please find attached the transcript of the earnings conference call for FY2022. The same is also 
made available on the Company’s website at www.iciciprulife.com. 
   
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
 
For ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
Sonali Chandak 
Company Secretary  
ACS 18108 
 
Encl.: As above  
 

1 
 
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Year ended March 31, 2022 (FY2022) 
April 16, 2022 
N.S. Kannan: 
Good evening to all of you and I welcome you to the results call of ICICI Prudential Life 
Insurance Company for the Financial Year 2022. I have several of my senior colleagues 
with me on the call; Satyan Jambunathan, Chief Financial Officer; Judhajit Das, who heads 
Human Resources, Customer Service and Operations; Amit Palta, who heads Distribution, 
Brand & Marketing and Products; Deepak Kinger who is responsible for Audit, Legal, Risk 
and Compliance; Manish Kumar, who manages Investments; Souvik Jash, our Appointed 
Actuary, and Dhiren Salian, Deputy CFO. 
At the start, I would like to talk about three major developments during the last quarter of 
the financial year: 
First, the country saw the third COVID-19 wave hit us in the last week of December of 2021 
and continued till mid-February 2022. While the mortality outcome of the wave was 
materially lower than the second wave, the rate of infection was quite significant. The 
higher infection rate amongst our employees, as well as partner’s employees, resulted in 
loss of productivity in the months of January and February. Since the receding of the third 
wave and other restrictions being eased by the state governments across the country, we 
have started to see an easing back to normalcy across the country. 
Second, the global economic and financial environment has worsened with the escalation 
of the geopolitical conflict. Consequently, the financial markets have exhibited increased 
volatility, amongst other consequences. This event has exacerbated inflationary pressures 
across advanced as well as emerging market economies alike. 
Third, on the regulatory front. The insurance regulator, IRDAI Chairman has been 
appointed in March of 2022. The new Chairman has met with all the life insurance 
companies and has stated his 25-year vision for the industry to coincide with India's 
centenary of independence. In a public statement, the Chairman has stated his intent to 
shift to a principle-based regulatory regime, to use the strength of technology and data for 
closing the protection gap to support the growth of the insurance sector. We view these 
developments as a huge positive for the industry and we expect to engage and collaborate 
with the regulator even more closely in the months to come.  
Our results need to be viewed in light of the above three developments. 
Before I go on to talk about the results, I am happy to inform you that during the quarter, 
we have won multiple awards across business functions. Innovation in products has 
always been a focus area for us. Our product, “ICICI Pru Guaranteed Pension Plan” has 
been voted the ‘Product of the Year’ in the Life Insurance Category by Product of the Year 
(India) Private Limited. Recently, we also won the “Tech Innovator Company of the Year” 
awarded by the ‘India Insurance Summit and Awards 2022’, organized by Synnex India. 

2 
 
I would also like to add here that our revamped customer app has crossed the milestone 
of 1 million downloads with ratings of 4.5 on the Android Play Store, and 4.3 on the iOS 
App Store, our app is one of the best rated in the industry. Today, one out of every four 
service transactions is carried out on our mobile app. 
I will now move on to our performance for the quarter. Our four key strategic elements 
that is Premium growth, Protection business growth, Persistency improvement, and 
Productivity enhancement continue to guide us towards our objective of growing the 
absolute Value of New Business (VNB), while ensuring that our customer is at the core of 
everything we do, we operate on these four key strategic elements. Along the way, we 
have been integrating ESG aspects into the management of our business itself. Our robust 
performance across customer-centric parameters is presented in slide 5 of our 
presentation. Our 13th month persistency for non-linked savings, has reached 89% as of 
March 2022. Our claim settlement ratio stands at 97.8%. The Company has settled around 
260,000 claims in FY2022, which is more than twice the number of claims we handled in 
FY2020. The surge in volumes was handled through various initiatives implemented by 
the Company by way of ramping up the claims adjudication capacity, deployment of 
analytics in claims processing and facilitating hassle free claims documentation through 
offering doorstep document pickup services, amongst several other initiatives. These 
initiatives ensure that the average claim turnaround time for non-investigated claims was 
just 1.5 days from the receipt of last requirement in FY2022 despite the higher intensity of 
claims that I talked about, and also the challenges prevailing in the ecosystem in handling 
claims. 
I now take you through our performance on the 4P’s through slides 6 to 10 of our 
presentation, and then conclude with a commentary on the VNB. 
Let me start with the first ‘P’ of our strategic elements which is premium growth. As 
mentioned earlier, despite the impact of the third wave of COVID-19 during the months of 
January and February, our annualized premium equivalent (APE) grew by 4% to ` 26.08 
billion in Q4-FY2022, resulting in a robust 20% growth of APE for the entire financial year. 
Our new business composition over the years was dominated by unit linked products. As 
you can see on slide 7, in FY2019, which was the year prior to our articulation of VNB 
doubling, linked products alone had contributed 80% to our top line. Since then, we have 
been systematically working on broadening our customer base through a combination of 
distribution build up as well as product propositions.  
Through the year, we introduced two new fund options within our linked products and 
some new products on the non-participating as well as protection platforms. My colleague, 
Amit, will talk about this in more detail later. 
As we speak today, for FY2022, linked products contributed less than half of our top line 
with 28% being contributed by the non-linked savings products and 17% by protection 
products. With this, we believe that our diversification agenda on product mix is well on 
track, enabling us to manage the impact of external developments and respond to 
changing consumer preferences much better than any time in the past. The testimony to 
this has been our performance during the year on premium growth despite market 
challenges and fulfillment related challenges. 

3 
 
Similarly, on the distribution front, we continue to maintain a diversified distribution mix. 
In FY2021, we had added significant bank partnerships. I am pleased to note that the share 
of other banks has further grown from 11% of APE in FY2021 to 14% of APE in FY2022. 
Coming to the other channels, in FY2022 APE, ICICI Bank channel share was 25%, agency 
share was 24%, direct business share was 13%, the share of other partnerships was 9% 
and the balance was contributed by group business. 
With this, let me move on to the second ‘P’ of protection business growth presented on 
slide 8. As you are aware, during the year, we saw an increase in end consumer prices for 
retail protection plans, driven by reinsurer-led price increases. Supply side constraints in 
the live pandemic environment, including the general reluctance to visit medical centers 
and revised underwriting guidelines also impacted the retail protection business. As 
discussed in our results call last quarter, our response was to emphasize sourcing of 
preferred customer profiles with only minimal price increases and by increasing our 
retention limit, from ` 2 million to ` 10 million in our retail term product. We haven't 
changed the retention limit in other aspects of our protection business. Our solvency ratio 
has been broadly steady across the quarters and stood at 204.5% at March 2022, well 
above the required ratio of 150%. 
As also mentioned in our last call, we launched the return of premium protection product 
in December 2021. Given that this is an entirely new consumer proposition, it's quite 
heartening to note that in the very first quarter of our launch, the ROP product contributed 
to 17% of the retail protection APE. We continue to take advantage of the opportunity 
available in the group segment, specifically on group term products. 
As a result of all these steps, our total protection APE grew by 33% to 4.57 billion in Q4-
FY2022, resulting in a 25% year-on-year growth and increasing the protection mix further 
to 17% in FY2022. I would like to highlight that based on the total new business sum 
assured, our market share has increased from 12.5% for financial year 2021 to 13.4% for 
the 11M-FY2022. With this, we continue to maintain private market leadership. This 
performance gives us a lot of satisfaction having overcome the challenges posed by the 
environment in the protection line of business. 
We expect supply side constraints to reduce with easing back to normalcy across the 
country, and therefore, we expect a revival of the retail protection business over the 
coming quarters. 
Moving on now to the third ‘P’ of persistency improvement in slide 9, we saw further 
improvements across most cohorts of persistency. Our 13th month persistency ratio has 
increased by 90 basis points to 85.7% at the end of March 2022 as compared to March 
2021. Similarly, our 49th month persistency ratio has improved to 63.7% at the end of 
March 2022. 
And the fourth ‘P’ of productivity improvement in slide 10. Our total expenses grew 27% 
year-on-year for FY2022. As you would recollect, our total expenses in FY2021 had 
declined by ~6% over FY2020. In light of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, we had 
curtailed some of our discretionary spends in the financial year 2021. However, given the 
relative improvement in the economic activities in the current fiscal, we have focused on 
increasing our distribution presence and strengthening our brand. If you compare our new 

4 
 
business premium growth with our expense increase in FY2022 over fiscal 2020, the new 
business premium grew by about 22%, while the increase in expenses was about 20%.  
The improvement in productivity is also demonstrated by 11% increase in APE per 
employee in FY2022 over FY2021. 
Alongside our four ‘P’ strategy framework, we continue to maintain a resilient balance 
sheet as presented in slide 11.  
On mortality rates, for FY2022, gross claims on account of COVID-19 stood at ` 21.07 
billion and net of reinsurance the claim amount was ` 10.17 billion. This net claim amount 
includes settled, as well as notified and in-process claims. Further, at March 2022, we hold 
reserves of ` 0.24 billion towards COVID-19 claims.  
Our solvency ratio, as I said earlier was 204.5% as of March 2022 as compared to the 
required ratio of 150%. 
On credit risk, only 0.3% of our fixed income portfolio is invested in bonds rated below 
AA. And we continue to maintain our track record of not having a single NPA since 
inception of our Company. 
Of our total liabilities, non-par guaranteed return products comprise about 1.9%. We 
continue to closely monitor our liquidity and ALM positions, and we have no issues to 
report. 
Moving on to the Value of New Business (VNB) presented in slide 12. As a result of the 
above drivers, the VNB for FY2022 was ` 21.63 billion, a significant growth of over 33% 
over FY2021. Given our APE of ` 77.33 billion, the resultant VNB margin was at 28% for 
FY2022 as compared to 25.1% in FY2021. As we have always articulated in the past, we 
continue to focus on absolute VNB growth, which is our stated objective. 
You may recall that when we articulated our objective to double the FY2019 VNB, our 
reliance on unit linked as a product category was significant. Also, we had been heavily 
dependent on one partner’s contribution to new business. In the journey since then, we 
have encountered a number of challenges like limited bank partners, change in 
prioritization of our key distribution partners, COVID-19 pandemic, subsequent 
countrywide lockdown, capital gains tax on high ticket ULIPs, supply side constraints in 
the protection business, devastating COVID-19 second wave and the consequent elevated 
claims, volatile financial markets and reinsurer-led price increases and protection, just to 
name a few significant challenges over this period. 
I am happy that while all these challenges had an adverse impact on our business growth 
and profitability levers, we continue to pursue a resilient and growth-oriented strategy with 
a series of interventions such as the right product for the right customer, comprehensive 
product suite to cater to all customers preferences, greater digital adoption, new partner 
acquisition, limited protection price increase for the customer, recalibration of 
underwriting guidelines, and also capitalizing on group protection segment, which was a 
great opportunity in the market to grow our protection business.  

5 
 
I believe that the results of all these interventions is what you see and is visible in our 
results for FY2022. 
I'm happy to report that we have met our expectations on each of the four ‘P’ strategic 
elements as is evident in our results. Just to illustrate, on premium growth, our APE has 
grown by 20% year-on-year, on protection, our year-on-year APE growth was 25%, well 
above the overall growth in savings APE, on persistency our metrics have improved 
significantly across most cohorts, and on productivity front, our APE per employee has 
grown by 11%. So, I get a lot of satisfaction from the outcome for FY2022 along the lines 
of our stated objectives. 
Going forward for the immediate term, we continue to maintain our objective of doubling 
FY2019 VNB by FY2023, which requires a growth rate of about 22% to 23% over FY2022 
VNB. With the VNB growth of 33% for FY2022 and with more growth levers and margin 
expansion levers available with us, we believe we are on track to achieve this immediate 
aspiration. 
Now, as we look at FY2023 and beyond, we are poised to take advantage of all the good 
work that has gone into building a strong foundation for sustainable growth in the 
Company. Our pursuit towards building a sustainable and growing institution will continue. 
And the unfinished agenda such as revival of retail protection business, expansion of 
annuity business streams, expansion of agency business, and direct channels would be 
pursued in a focused manner. 
Our primary objective is to outperform the industry on VNB growth over the medium term, 
even if our APE growth relative to the market, may be influenced by the distribution 
strategies of some of our partners. Towards this, we believe that all necessary levers are 
available with us. 
Now, Amit, Satyan and Jit would be taking you through the business update, financial 
update, and ESG update respectively. Thank you once again for joining the call. Thank you 
for your patience. And over to you, Amit. 
Amit Palta: 
Thank you, Kannan. So, I will be taking you through the business update, which I have 
divided into three sections: Product, Distribution, and Persistency. 
Let me first start off with the steps taken on the product front from slide 16 to 18. In the 
early phase of the pandemic, we have witnessed volatile markets, reduction in incomes 
and uncertainty around loss of jobs and pay cuts. This led to a significant shift in consumer 
preferences towards products with guaranteed benefits, especially in the form of regular 
income. Recognizing this trend in the last quarter of F2021, we launched Guaranteed 
Income for Tomorrow, called GIFT. GIFT is a guaranteed income product on the non-par 
savings platform, with income period up to 10 years. We also launched Guaranteed 
Pension Plan called GPP, which is Guaranteed life-long income plan on the annuity 
platform. It has the option of deferred annuity for those customers who wish to plan for 
retirement well before their retirement. Both these plans had innovative, industry-first 
features and were very well received by customers in FY2021 itself. 

6 
 
In FY2022, we strengthened our product portfolio even further by introducing long term 
income as a benefit under the GIFT product. With GIFT Long Term, we have extended the 
duration of guaranteed income from 10 years to 30 years now. This product also offers life 
insurance cover to the customer for the full income tenure. So, with GIFT Long Term, we 
are now in position to address the income needs of the customers, right from the duration 
of 5 to 30 years. 
We also introduced the GPP Flexi Plan, which is a regular pay variant of our GPP product 
in March 2022. With GPP Flexi, we created a proposition for the customer who intends to 
save for his retirement in a regular and systematic manner over a period of time. Now, 
with immediate and deferred annuity options, we are able to cater to a much wider 
segment of customers, those who are planning for retirement well before retirement, those 
who are nearing retirement, as well as those who have retired. 
Moving on to protection, our iProtect Smart has been our flagship term plan, which has 
been recognized as one of the most innovative term plans in the industry. We do recognize 
that there is a segment of mass and mass affluent customers who value return of premium 
at the end of policy term. Keeping this in mind, we launched iProtect Return of Premium 
in FY2022 wherein 105% of premium paid are returned to the customer at the end of the 
policy term.  
In addition to the return of premium feature, the product also offers customers the choice 
of either a fixed life cover or a dynamic cover option, wherein the insurance cover changes 
with the change in life stage. This feature has found favour with younger customers who 
see the merit of having a plan with a cover which increases with their age. 
The new products introduced have been identified in orange on slide 16. In the linked 
saving category, we launched two new funds in FY2022. We launched Balanced 
Advantage Fund (BAF) in August 2021. BAF as a category has become well established to 
ride over the volatile market conditions. 
Later in the year, we launched the Sustainable Equity Fund, the life insurance industry's 
first ESG fund. This fund invests in companies which conduct business in a socially and 
environmentally responsible manner while maintaining governance standards. While ESG 
as an investment theme is an emerging trend, we believe that having this fund in our 
portfolio allows us to have a differentiating presence in the unit linked space. 
It is heartening to note that the new funds introduced on the unit linked platform, 
guaranteed products on the nonparticipating platform, and the return of premium 
products on the protection platform, have contributed in excess of 25% of our FY2022 
APE. 
In terms of our performance on slide 19, we have registered a strong growth year-on-year 
across all segments, except group funds business, which tends to be a little lumpy in 
nature. 
Our annuity business grew by 31%, linked savings grew by 21%, non-linked savings grew 
by 19% and protection grew by 26% resulting in an overall APE growth of 20% year-on-
year for FY2022. 

7 
 
Moving on to slide 20, given the pandemic environment, supply side constraints, including 
revised underwriting guidelines, continue to impact the pure term retail protection 
business. However, for FY2022, the overall protection APE that includes retail, group term 
and credit life grew by 26% to ` 13.13 billion. We had launched the Return on Premium 
product in December 2021, and for Q4-FY2022 its contribution to retail protection APE was 
at 17%. 
In terms of new business received premium, protection segment contributed 29% of total 
new business premium for FY2022.  
Our overall new business sum assured stood at ` 7.73 trillion for FY2022, a growth of 25% 
year-on-year. We continue to be the private sector market leader on overall new business 
sum assured with the share of 13.4% as compared to 12.5% in FY2021. 
Moving to slide 21, annuity business contributed 19% in terms of total new business 
received premium. With a premium amount of ` 30 billion in FY2022, we were one of the 
largest pension and annuity providers in the market. Our wholly owned subsidiary ICICI 
Prudential Pension Fund Management Company Limited (PFM), distributes products under 
the National Pension System and is registered as a pension fund manager and a point-of-
presence. This business, we believe is synergistic to our annuity offerings, and is expected 
to support growth of the annuity business in future. The AUM managed by PFM has 
increased by 54% from ` 76 billion in March 2021 to ` 116 billion at March 2022. The PFM 
has a market share of 15% in the private sector AUM at March 31, FY2022. 
With this, I would like to highlight that almost 50% of our new business premium has been 
contributed by the protection and annuity segments, which are significantly under-
penetrated parts of the market. 
Moving on to distribution on slide 23, we have continued to enhance our distribution 
network across channels. In the agency channel, the approach has been to ring fence our 
highly productive agents. We also added about 25,000 new agents in FY2022. 
Within the bancassurance channel, we have a total of 27 bank partnerships. On partnership 
distribution, we added 107 new partnerships during FY2022 and now have about 800 
partnerships across traditional and non-traditional distributors, such as web aggregators, 
payment banks, small finance banks, and insurance marketing firms. For the direct 
channel, the strategy has been that of upsell to our existing customers aided by analytics. 
Coming to the performance of the distribution channels on slide 24. We saw strong growth 
across distribution channels. Our bancassurance channel APE grew by 10% year-on-year 
to ` 30.12 billion in FY2022. Within the bancassurance channel, ICICI Bank channel 
declined by 5%; however, the other banks grew by 53%. Specifically the business share 
of ICICI Bank channel to overall APE was at 25%, while the share of other bank partnerships 
grew significantly to 14%. The annuity business from ICICI Bank channel grew by 25% 
year-on-year in FY2022. Our agency channel APE grew by 19% to ` 18.28 billion and direct 
and partnership channels grew by 23% and 22% respectively in FY'22 over the same 
period last year. 
We will continue to consolidate the gains of our product and distribution diversification 
efforts. We aim to ring fence our presence in the affluent customer segments and work 

8 
 
towards deepening our presence in mass and mass affluent segments by offering the right 
product to the right customer and reaching them through the appropriate distribution 
channels. 
In the agency channel, we will continue to ring fence our value advisors and invest in 
growing our geographical footprint by expanding towards smaller cities. We will work 
towards identifying whitespaces in customer segments and geographies within our 
partnership network, leading to an increase in the overall business of our partners. We will 
also continue to explore opportunities for new tie-ups. In the direct channel, we will 
leverage synergies between physical upsell and online digital sales processes. 
Lastly, moving on to the element of persistency on slide 26. We continue to have strong 
focus on improving the quality of business and customer retention, which is reflected in 
our persistency ratios. We have seen further improvement in persistency ratios across 
most cohorts during FY2022. Our 13th month persistency ratio improved from 84.8% in 
March 2021 to 85.7% in March 2022. Similarly, our 49th month persistency ratio has 
improved from 63.0% in March 2021 to 63.7% in March 2022. Thank you and over to you, 
Satyan. 
Satyan Jambunathan: 
Thank you, Amit. Good evening. I will be taking you through some of the financial metrics. 
The outcome of our focus on these four P's, as you may see on slide 28 has resulted in a 
VNB of ` 21.63 billion for FY2022 as compared to ` 16.21 billion for FY2021. VNB margin 
for FY2022 stood at 28% as compared to 25.1% in FY2021. 
The diversification in the sources of profit that we have achieved gives us a robust base 
for the future. The movement in margin from 25.1% to 28.0% can broadly be explained 
by the following: 
 
4.3% of margin improvement on account of business mix, which includes higher 
non-linked savings and protection mix compared to last year  
 
Negative 2% in the margin on account of operating assumptions change, primarily 
reflecting current costs and some strengthening of assumptions on the credit life 
part of the business 
 
Balance 0.6% margin improvement is due to yield curve movement, which was 
favorable during the year. A comparison of the yield curve is provided on slide 65. 
If we refer to slide 29, our Embedded Value at March 31, 2022 was ` 316.25 billion as 
compared to ` 291.06 billion at March 31, 2021, a growth of 8.7%. This growth was led by 
an 18.8% growth in the Value of Inforce (VIF) business. 
Our Embedded Value Operating Profit for the year was ` 31.92 billion as compared to ` 
35.05 billion in FY2021. The breakup of EV operating profit is as follows:  
 
Unwind contribution for FY2022 was at 7.2% of the opening Embedded Value, 
similar to FY2021 
 
Value of New Business of ` 21.63 billion was 7.4% of the opening Embedded Value 
compared to 7% that we had in FY2021 

9 
 
 
The two of these together, that is Unwind and VNB was 14.6% of the opening 
Embedded Value 
 
Operating assumption change was a negative ` 0.91 billion, primarily on account 
of strengthening of mortality assumptions for some of the credit life businesses 
 
We continue to see a positive persistency variance of ` 1.51 billion on the back of 
an improved persistency across most cohorts 
 
Mortality variance for the year was negative at ` 11.87 billion. In FY2022, there were 
COVID-19 tagged claims of ` 10.17 billion. Even in the claims not reported as cost 
by COVID-19, particularly in the group protection portfolio, such as credit life and 
micro insurance, we have seen patterns of claims that synchronize with the COVID-
19 spike. In our estimation, this could be as high as 20% to 25% of the non-COVID 
claims. Allowing for these patterns, we believe that claims for the year have been 
broadly in line with the assumption using the VNB and EV computation. The true 
underlying mortality patterns, however, would only be clear by the end of 2023 if 
there is no further spike in COVID cases.  
As a consequence, the Return on Embedded Value (ROEV) for FY2022 stood at 11%. If we 
were to exclude the impact of the mortality variance, the ROEV would have been 15% for 
FY2022 broadly in line with the past three to four years. 
The negative mark-to-market impact on shareholder debt funds, due to a rise in the yield 
curve, primarily contributed to the negative ` 4.37 billion impact on EV through economic 
assumption change and investment variants.  
The closing EV therefore stood at ` 316.25 billion at March 31, 2022, with a VIF growth, 
like I said, of 18.8% and an overall EV growth of 8.7%.  
Our VNB and EV have been reviewed independently by Milliman advisors LLP, and their 
opinion is available in the results pack submitted to the exchanges. 
On slide 31, sensitivity details have been provided across various parameters. Within the 
financial metrics, the profit after tax for FY2022 stood at ` 7.54 billion. Our Solvency ratio 
continues to be strong at 204.5% at March 2022, an improvement from 202.2% in 
December 2021. At our last results call in January, we had discussed at length the changes 
to our retention strategy in retail protection and had also spoken of there being no change 
in the other business segment retention. This retention strategy has now been in place for 
Q4-FY2022. Our solvency ratio has remained stable over the quarter, even with the higher 
retention. Our AUM was over ` 2.4 trillion at March 2022, a growth of 12% from March 
2021. Our COVID-19 claims gross and net of reinsurance stood at ` 21.07 billion and ` 
10.17 billion respectively for FY2022. 
With claims due to the pandemic reducing in the quarter, we have released most of the 
COVID-19 reserves that we had been holding. We now hold reserves of ` 0.24 billion 
towards potential COVID-19 claims that have occurred but have not been reported to us. 
Also, refer to as incurred but not reported or IBNR. 
To summarize, we monitor ourselves under 4P framework of Premium growth, Protection 
business growth, Persistency improvement and Productivity improvement to improve 

10 
 
expense ratios. Our performance on these dimensions is what we expect to feed into our 
VNB growth over time. Thank you and I will now hand over to Judhajit. 
Judhajit Das: 
Thank you, Satyan. Good evening. I will be taking you through ESG at ICICI Prudential Life. 
Sustainability is intrinsic to our vision of building and enduring institution, as we serve the 
long-term savings and protection needs of customers. We are committed to integrating 
sustainability in our business processes and embedding sustainability in our culture. We 
adopted the ESG framework in 2020, and our ESG initiatives are monitored by the 
Sustainability Committee, which comprises all members of our management committee. 
Each ESG focus area is anchored by a senior leader who oversees implementation of 
initiatives, and they are supported by a dedicated ESG resource. Their collective efforts 
have led to upgrade our ESG ratings by two of the leading rating agencies. We understand 
that we are the highest ranked ESG Company in the Indian life insurance industry. 
I would now like to share some key highlights for each ESG focus area. On human capital, 
employee health and well-being has been our number one business priority. 99% of our 
workforce is fully vaccinated, and we have successfully transitioned to a work-from-office 
mode, with all our offices now fully operational. We are an equal opportunity employer. 
And this year our diversity has improved to 27% women employees, with women 
constituting 40% in non-sales roles. On responsible investing, ESG is now integrated in 
our equity investments, and the investment team refers to ESG ratings of companies as 
provided by an external service provider. Where ratings are not available, the team 
analyses ESG issues based on company disclosures. We continue to focus on stewardship 
by engaging with investee companies and corporate actions of material importance and 
disclosing our voting actions. 
As Amit alluded, we launched the ESG Fund recently, and we are the first Indian insurance 
company to become a signatory to the United Nations Principles for Responsible 
Investment. 
On governance, our Board is chaired by an Independent Chairman, and all our committees 
are headed by Independent Directors. The Board has a majority of Independent Directors, 
enabling more independents and also the separation of the Board’s supervisory role from 
executive management. 
On data privacy and risk management, for third-party service providers who process 
customer information, we have included requirements on data security standards in our 
agreements with them. We have integrated sustainability as part of our risk management 
framework. This involves stress testing of risk to a balance sheet like mortality risk arising 
from any severe incident and other risks, like customer data privacy risk, outsourcing 
partner risk, etc., 
On access to finance, specially designed micro insurance products, targeting socially and 
economically weaker sections covering 45.6 billion lives as of March 2022. We settled 
around 260,000 retail and group claims last year and provided bereaved families with a 
financial safety net. 

11 
 
On CSR, we spent ` 68.2 million for CSR initiatives, largely through ICICI Foundation. Over 
155,000 children and adults have been the beneficiaries of the COVID-19 vaccination 
program that we ran. 
On environment, being a financial services company, our focus has been on recycling and 
reducing what we consume. Approximately 1,700 tons of carbon footprint were saved 
during FY2022 to initiatives that reduce energy consumption. We focus on water 
conservation and waste management, and we have transitioned to green energy in some 
of our offices. Our efforts will be to reduce the carbon footprint going forward each year 
and increase employee awareness. 
We ran a Go-Green campaign where 4,000 employees participated in activities like planting 
a sapling, working in a paperless environment, and so on and so forth. 
In closing, I would like to once again, reaffirm our commitment to creating a culture that 
embraces sustainability and goes beyond goals and targets by integrating best-in-class 
sustainability practices with our business processes. Thank you and we are now happy to 
take any questions that you may have. 
Arav Sangai: On the PPT table, I just want you to have thoughts on the increase in the 
sensitivity on interest rates, like why we have a steep increase. 
Satyan Jambunathan: The increase in sensitivity on the interest rates is a consequence of 
the increase in the non-linked and non-par savings in the product mix. The way we are 
managing that again is explained in the appendix on risk management strategy explained 
through the use of forward rate agreements. The way we approach it is that, all future 
premiums are locked into yield at inception through forward rate agreements. Through 
that instrument, we are trying to reduce the implication of any downside risks that may 
happen from an interest rate perspective. So, the sensitivity changes on reference is 
predominantly coming from product mix changes. 
Arav Sangai: Another question I had was on the sensitivity of the mortality reference that 
we have given. So, assuming that our retention was increased last quarter and like we 
have been selling the newer products from Q4, so, I just wanted to have thoughts on 
logically, going ahead, should we see an increase on the mortality sensitivity? Because we 
have increased the retention risk in our protection products like last quarter. 
Satyan Jambunathan: From a retention strategy, when we increase the retention in 
December, yes progressively on our new business, there is a higher retention. But as a 
proportion of the overall book, it is still a very small movement from the time we increased 
retention. Therefore, going forward, as the book grows on the increased retention, the 
sensitivity will increase to some extent. But I would go back to what I said at January during 
the results call; where I had indicated that given the capital credit that we get for protection 
on reinsurance at 50% of the sum insured, we will gravitate back to 50% over a period of 
time. So, the higher retention is more of a here and now thing. But over a period, we will 
let it gravitate back to 50%. So, overall versus last year, I wouldn't expect to see a very 
meaningful change to the mortality sensitivity over time, except if the mix of protection 
increases quite dramatically into our product mix. Otherwise, I would expect the sensitivity 
to remain stable or if it changes, change gradually over a period of time. 

12 
 
Arav Sangai: We have done any changes in the operating assumption. Any colour on that, 
like even in the margin, we have a huge impact. 
Satyan Jambunathan: The impact on margins, we have seen is about 2%. Like I said there 
are two main contributors to that. One, we strengthened assumptions on some of our 
credit life partnerships, where we felt that we should be increasing the mortality 
assumption. This has also been passed on prospectively in the prices to those 
partnerships. Going forward that should stabilize. It should not cause any margin impact. 
Second, the expenses for this year. Given the strong growth that we had over the first nine 
months of this year and given the development of VNB, we actually felt comfortable, like 
Kannan described in his opening remarks, to increase our outlay in some of the 
discretionary expense elements to make sure that we build for the future. In the short term, 
that has indeed resulted in the cost ratios being higher than last year; which is the other 
impact that you see. As this in the next year would help us generate a robust new business 
growth, I wouldn't expect expenses to worsen our margin in any sense going forward. But 
this year, we had the capacity to invest and we chose to invest. 
Nischint Chawathe: You have guided for sort of doubling of VNB in 2023 and that kind of 
implies almost a 22% growth in VNB for the next year. What kind of confidence do you 
have for this increase given the fact that when it comes to growth, you probably don't have 
full control in terms of what ICICI Bank is doing. And even in terms of margins, I think we 
are sort of almost in line with some of the other players. The difference between ourselves 
is not as much. So, if you could spell the breakdown between growth in terms of APE and 
margin expansion? 
N.S. Kannan: The way we look at this year's numbers is exactly what you said, that to get 
to about 22.5% growth on VNB over the last year. That's the ask we have for doubling of 
our VNB aspiration. So, to answer your question, are we confident? Yes, absolutely, we 
are confident. We are not changing the aspiration number which we had put out earlier. 
So, what's the confidence we have in giving this? On the growth I think several of the areas 
have sort of bottomed out, we feel. If we look at retail protection as an example, there have 
been a very sharp decline over the previous year into FY2022. With the environment also 
getting a little better and we have got our act together in terms of calibrating our 
underwriting norms as well as desired profiles. So, we do believe that we should be able 
to expand from here on. So, that should not only give us a growth on the top line, but also 
on the margin expansion. On the annuity side, we have introduced a regular premium 
annuity product, which we have just about launched and that becomes an additional lever 
for us to market to our customers. And again, if we talk about ICICI Bank, one of the reasons 
for decline in ICICI Bank has also been the protection of supply-related challenges, which 
really did not help the bank distribution. So, even for ICICI Bank, we do believe that these 
couple of products will provide growth from here on. And of course, I talked about 14% 
being constituted by other banks in terms of channel mix. And that as well, we are into the 
second year in some of the shops, but we think that the potential is much higher going 
forward. So, we do have a set of growth levers available with us as well as some product 
levers available. So, it will be a combination of both growth and expansion of margin. 
Getting to about 28% margin, I do not view it as something which cannot be crossed. 
Because it is a very focused hard work which we have done over a period of time, work 
on product mix, within a particular product line work relating to elongating the maturity of 
the products with a view to get higher margins. A lot of that work has gone in. So, at this 

13 
 
stage, we wouldn’t say that there is a limit to our margins. We expect the margins to grow 
from here on. And some point in time, the efficiencies also will kick in. And as Satyan 
mentioned I think in one of his opening remarks that the persistency gains are still there 
for us to take. So, there are enough and more levers available. And as executive 
management, I can only assure you that we are confident of achieving that 22.5% growth 
which is required for doubling of our VNB aspiration which we have articulated. 
Amit Palta: Apart from the product levers that we just spoke about, we also mentioned in 
our opening remarks that we are going about investing in scaling up both our agency as 
well as direct business, where we have started investing towards the latter part of our Q4 
as well, which holds us in good stead. Because as we understand, these are organic 
channels and need upfront investment. And that is something that we've already initiated. 
So, with the pandemic behind and with the kind of cost containment measures that we 
had taken in FY2021 now behind us. We are very well poised with the investment in these 
two channels also to further add to our top line aspirations, which of course will go on to 
add to our absolute VNB. 
Nischint Chawathe: One is the margin on the protection business this year looks like has 
gone down. I think somewhere you had guided that on overall blended basis for the 
protection vertical, your margins should remain stable. Just trying to understand is 
anything that change this year? 
N.S. Kannan: Because of the mix inter se of group and retail within protection. That would 
primarily account for this. But as we said in both these cases, including the return of 
premium product which we have introduced, we are very confident that as a portfolio in 
protection, we should be able to hold the margins. 
Nischint Chawathe: Just one last point is when the unwinding rate of 7.2 sort of start going 
up given we have already seen rising interest rates. 
Satyan Jambunathan: It will show up in FY2023, because unwind happens at the opening 
yield curve. To the extent that 31st March 2022 yield curve is higher than 31st March 2021, 
FY2023 unwind should start off at a higher level than FY2022. 
Nischint Chawathe: And will there be a difference in the 10-year G-Sec for increasing the 
unwinding rate? 
Satyan Jambunathan: It may not be that straightforward, but it will give you an indication. 
At the end of the day, it will be the weighted average of the duration of the cash flow. So, 
it's not going to be just a 10-year. 
Deepika Mundra: On protection, I mean this quarter potentially supply-side challenges 
coming down and your pricing strategy being put into place, volume trend actually 
weakened sequentially. So, while we understand the longer-term opportunity, any colour 
that you can give us to why the trend weakened even further in the quarter? 
Amit Palta: As you know the change in guidelines is a process which takes a little long, 
because we are actually moving from a regime of selling protection in the times when the 
environment was very different. And hence I would believe that it is a transition phase that 
we are going through. Distribution will have its own learning curve. And we will see over 

14 
 
a period of time distribution will get used to selling protection in a different way. So, I think 
this is a learning phase. I will qualify it as a starting point where as we go quarter-on-
quarter, we will see learning curve moving up and probably you know the results will start 
returning. But this is too early to comment on that. For very long time, protection was sold 
in a way which is now being changed, driven by the entire change in the ecosystem. 
N.S. Kannan: Apart from what Amit mentioned about some of the changes being recent 
and slowly will settle in, the fourth quarter normally, what happens is the general push to 
close the year well, always means that saving sometimes take precedence. This we have 
seen tactically happened in the fourth quarter in general for our Company. So, that could 
also be one of the reasons why Amit mentioned during his call. I also mentioned that 
March number was the best monthly APE we ever had for this Company in the last 20-21 
years. So that momentum sometimes takes the savings line of business far ahead 
compared to protection. And you know that distribution partners are focused on their 
income for the year, they are focused on the commissions. So, whatever can be done 
quickly, that sells a bit more easily, especially in the last quarter of the financial year, and 
especially in the month of March. So, I think these two factors you should keep in mind. 
Otherwise, as I articulated to, I think Nischint's point, that we would expect this base to 
have got set at a lower level and from here on we can grow into the current financial year. 
Deepika Mundra: The second question would be on the rising interest rate environment. 
How are you tweaking your product offering to customers as well as on the risk 
management side for non-par given that the interest rates are set to rise, you think you 
would want to leave some of the premiums, slightly unhedged because of a potential 
benefit of better reinvestment rates? 
N.S. Kannan: If you look at from a strategic perspective, how we have moved the Company 
in the last four years, is that we do have all the product lines available to sell to the 
customers. It's not that we would prefer one product line over the other. So, that has been 
made clear. Now that we are so well diversified to our addressable segment, we are happy 
to sell any product which a customer wants. I think as a company we have moved to that 
stage rather than having to say that I would like to prefer Product A over Product B. That's 
a good news. So, we will be very nimble to the emerging opportunities in terms of 
consumer preferences and be ready to sell the product what is appropriate. That's the first 
point. Second, same approach will continue for non-linked also. We are not going to put 
any artificial limits on how much to sell, how much not to sell. And third, how much non-
linked we will sell. I want to tell you that we are not in this situation of taking open calls, 
we don't want to do that. We will be totally hedged like we have articulated irrespective of 
the interest rate regime, because it's a very long term business and we don't want to be 
putting too much of net PV on risk on the books. So, we will continue with our approach 
to hedge it through FRAs as we have articulated. And the last point I want to make is that 
as of now, I do see any constraint on the hedging capacity available from our counterparts. 
We do have limits which we have put on counterparties in terms of how much we can do 
with them as a percentage of the net worth. We monitor the mark-to-market from 
counterparty wise and all those things are currently under control. And over a period of 
last few quarters, Satyan can correct me, we have been able to add two, three more 
counterparties to our list, all blue chip names, you should not have any credit risk issues 
there. So, given all this, capacity today is available for future non-linked business. We will 
continue to be fully hedged. That is going to be our approach and we are very happy to 

15 
 
align our product mix to meet the customer demand. So, those are the points I want to 
leave.  
Satyan Jambunathan: The only thing I would reiterate what Kannan said, that we are not 
comfortable leaving open unhedged risks in anticipation of interest rate movements. We 
are much more comfortable locking into rates. So, far every tranche of hedging that we 
have done, we have been able to lock in at rates which are better than the implied 
guarantees. And that to our mind is a good place to be in. 
N.S. Kannan: We will also keep adjusting our future rates depending on general basis what 
we can deliver at that point in time. So, that is for fresh stock of businesses we could keep 
looking at it. But we won't take any open calls. 
Prakash Kapadia: In the backdrop of rising interest rates, what's the outlook for non-par 
products, are HNIs preferring that? And on the ULIP side what are we seeing given the 
current volatility in the current environment? 
Amit Palta: What I want to mention here is that during my opening remarks as well I 
mentioned that having introduced our Balanced Advantage Fund in the month of August 
last year, actually it holds us in good stead because in these volatile times is what we 
anticipated as a concern coming from the customer, which was introduction of new fund. 
What we have seen is that as markets have turned volatile towards the end of Q3 and a 
large part of Q4, large part of a unit-linked composition has actually moved towards 
Balanced Advantage and Debt-oriented funds. So, to that extent, the same customer either 
has started looking at options which are outside equity, which is within Balanced 
Advantage Fund and second also what we have looked at is that our affluent customers 
have started looking at an option of non-participating guaranteed products as part of their 
overall portfolio. So, I think in these volatile times, you are seeing the pickup rate go up on 
Balanced Advantage as well as non-participating guaranteed products. This is how we 
have seen as a trend as recent as much. 
Prakash Kapadia: Earlier also we had some Balanced Fund as an option available? 
Amit Palta: That was a Balancer Fund, but this Balanced Advantage is designed differently. 
It is also tax-friendly product which allows unit linked large value ticket size to be tax-
friendly for HNI customers. So, it was really different from the Balancer Fund that we had 
in the past. 
Prakash Kapadia: Just one data question. In walk-through, there's a ₹ 4.37 negative 
variance on the investment side. Is it debt or equity if you can just quantify the amount? 
Satyan Jambunathan: It is debt, mark-to-market on fixed income securities in the net 
worth. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: In terms of the group term life segment and your margin from the 
protection and the VNB aspiration also. In FY2022, a large portion of your growth in VNB 
as well in group term life segment came from this category. Now, generally you have 
mentioned that this segment is trivial and IPRU has done really well but sometimes not as 
linear as other individuals. Wanted to know your thoughts on whether you see any 
downside risk in terms of your VNB growth in FY2023 that might come from how this 

16 
 
segment grows and also the margin from the protection business you have recorded this 
year, how can this segment impact us? 
Satyan Jambunathan: The way we look at it and we have said this in the past as well, our 
focus is on growing absolute VNB. Margin as a percentage is not the primary driver of our 
making some of these decisions. I say this particularly in the context of the protection 
business because the protection business comprises three pools of opportunity which are 
distinct and non-overlapping. One is retail protection, one is employer provided group 
protection, and one is credit life. Now, to the extent that they are non-overlapping business 
opportunities and do not cannibalize each other, we see each of these as distinct, absolute 
VNB opportunities and it wouldn't worry us or bother us if the portfolio margin went in line 
with whatever was the emerging mix. Particularly in this year, because of the challenges 
on retail protection, we had to make sure that in absolute VNB level, there were other 
levers and engines available to deliver absolute VNB. And therefore, to that extent, the 
success that we have been able to achieve on the group term is giving us that protection 
and cover against the environmental challenges that we saw. Going forward, we are 
perfectly comfortable for this mix to drift in whichever way depending on the opportunity. 
It really doesn't matter too much what the composite portfolio margin is. What is most 
important for us is each of these in isolation, retail protection, credit life and group term, 
are we diluting margins or not. And that I can confirm to you in this year, there has been 
absolutely no dilution in margins in each of these categories.  
Swarnabh Mukherjee: On credit protect to ICICI Bank, the growth looks a bit flattish. So, I 
wanted to know your thoughts on what will be the bank strategy going forward in this 
while other banks are clocking very good. And the other one is the persistency in the 
protection business, which is even lower than what is there in the non-linked segment. Is 
there any specific development related to this cohort or could this actually be a growth 
headroom which you can capitalize on this? 
Amit Palta: A large part of our portfolio on protection is of the age segment of the 
customer, which is much younger, which is customers less than 35 years of age, and these 
are good healthy profiles, which we have seen as larger part of our overall portfolio. As 
you know that this is the segment which is most price sensitive, and last year actually went 
through quite a few transitions on pricing change, whether it was with us or with other 
players in the market. So, in between we observed some kind of price sensitivity leading 
to some impact on persistency. But we are watching it closely and see how we can 
improve it further up from current levels. But this is something which will settle because 
now this transition, these couple of changes that happened in the ecosystem are now all 
settled. So, probably now we will have a clean run of 12 months to see how persistency 
pans out now in the newer ecosystem. Coming back to ICICI Bank, there have been few 
changes in the way we are approaching our attachment business at ICICI. There are a few 
business segments that have been prioritized over short term loans business that we have 
been attaching in the past. So, that is something that will pan out, but we are working on 
some product innovations as well to increase our attachment on the long-term mortgage 
products at ICICI Bank. So, there has been a conscious decision to move away from very 
short-term loans and attachment on those businesses. That may have been the reason 
that you have seen relatively a flattish growth on credit life in ICICI Bank. 

17 
 
Satyan Jambunathan: The only other thing I would add to what Amit said is, I would 
actually agree with what you said on the protection persistency that is actually an 
opportunity of upside. And in any case, when I look at the margin assumptions, the margin 
assumptions are indeed set to be consistent with emerging experience. So, I wouldn't be 
too concerned about that at this stage. 
Nitin Aggarwal: It's really commendable to see how the Company has compensated for a 
declining share of ICICI Bank without giving up the VNB revenue guidance. The share of 
ICICI Bank has now like declined to almost half of what it used to be. Just want to 
understand how do you see the banca channel mix moving from where as ICICI Bank 
shares bottomed out and overall, which channels are more positive in terms of premium 
growth when we talk on FY2023? 
N.S. Kannan: The first thing I would like to say is that ICICI Bank side, we still have a lot of 
room to grow on the protection side. Again, all the supply challenges we have seen in rest 
of the channels are applicable for ICICI Bank as well. So, that created its own challenges 
and Amit and team have worked very hard with ICICI Bank analytics teams to look at some 
of the pre-qualified offers and so on. And that I think going forward will really come in, in 
terms of supporting the growth, as well as more importantly, the VNB growth 
development. Now coming to the other banks, as I said, they have gone up, I think about 
three years back would have been about 4%, now we are 14%. So, it's been a tremendous 
journey. I can only tell you that we have not really put any target of the teams on how 
much percentage it should be. The mandate to the team is that there are so many white 
spaces in those banks that we should be able to with additional products in our case like 
the term ROP as an example, then annuity RP and various products, we still have a huge 
room to grow. So, I would not be too concerned about how much we should be putting 
as a percentage mix, but I would expect the whole banca piece to actually grow. That's the 
way we are learning. You asked apart from this, what are all the other channels which will 
be putting energy around. As Amit mentioned during his speech, two channels we have 
picked out where we would put in a lot of effort. One is agency, where again, agency if 
you really look back, you would know that we were pretty focused on the top agents and 
ULIP again in the agency channel also. Today we have all this par, non-par products being 
available, we are able to give a better proposition to the agents who are covering mass, 
mass affluent customers. So, that we believe is a big lever available agency. And finally, 
as Amit mentioned, direct to consumer is one area where as an industry we can do a lot. 
So, if some other aggregators can do, we could also do. So, that is an area where we 
would focus on going forward. So, banca, other banks will continue, the agency will be 
momentum and direct business. So, these are the 3-4 areas which we can pick. To your 
question about the percentage of the APE, we have come to a stage again to say that we 
should be able to manage the VNB growth in line with the private sector, irrespective of 
what happens, that's a statement I had made in my opening remarks. So, with this, I will 
request Amit to talk about any other channel dynamic in this context and what energy he 
wants to be putting behind in these channels. 
Amit Palta: Kannan, you currently covered all. What I want to believe in bancassurance 
channels other than ICICI, Kannan mentioned that we are looking at white spaces with a 
primary objective to contribute to the overall pie growth of our banca partners. And we do 
understand that there is an opportunity and fee income is being seen as one of the priority 
items for banca partners. So, in their effort to grow over their fee income previous year, 

18 
 
we will participate in addressing some of those opportunities that exist in white spaces 
and hence there is a room available still in the years to come. On ICICI, just one point I 
wanted to make, actually, if we were to look at annuity business, ICICI still grew close to 
around 25% over last year. And this is one of those prioritized products that ICICI has 
chosen as part of their strategic intent. And also on savings, actually, there was no 
degrowth, they have actually done quite reasonably okay, in lines with expectations on 
savings business. It is the protection which was largely because of the challenges that 
overall ecosystem went through, where ICICI could not capitalize on their intent on doing 
well on protection. But however, we have the design in place. We are working closely with 
bank to see how we can create exclusive term by invite offers to their prioritized customer 
segments. And once the ecosystem normalizes, we are quite confident that we'll have our 
design implemented and bring protection back on course for ICICI.  
Avinash Singh: First one on changing operating assumptions impacting VNB margin, that's 
by almost 2%. Broadly, at a portfolio level, you describe that largely due to mortality 
changes, almost like a 10% increase in mortality. So, what are the sort of cohorts of 
products wise or if at all any has led to this sort of trueing up of mortality exemptions? 
Second on your distribution, the direct-to-consumer focus, any channel conflict 
particularly on the web aggregator or agency side? When it comes to pricing a product, I 
mean, generally the differential pricing across channels in not in practice largely, what is 
there for a customer to sort of get attracted or look away from or say a bank or an agent? 
Satyan Jambunathan: Assumption change, just to clarify, I had said the two factors that 
are affecting it are one, that cost that we have incurred in this year, and I spoke about a 
conscious outlay of cost on the discretionary expenses, predominantly on the marketing 
& advertising related areas. This is something which is reflected in the margin. The other 
one is strengthening of mortality assumption on certain groups in credit life. It is not 
widespread, there has been no need to strengthen mortality assumptions in generic terms, 
but it has been with very specific partnerships, we have to do it. And like I also said on a 
going forward basis for those partners, we have also revised their pricing to reflect the 
underlying mortality. 
Amit Palta: On direct-to-consumer business, actually, it comprises the following 
businesses. One is online business that we do to our own website, and our own mobile 
application, what we call it as buy online, we run campaigns and we get customers to 
come and visit our websites and application from where we generate leads, and then close 
it end-to-end on an online platform. Second, direct business is what we do through our 
partner’s property which is websites as well as applications like ICICI Bank website, ICICI 
bank application, some of our bank partner’s applications is where we look at an 
opportunity to reach out to customers directly. And third is what we do to our existing 
clients as an upsell process, where we have our direct proprietary sales force, which after 
having identified the customers intelligently through analytics model, we identify next best 
product that can be chosen as the most appropriate one for the customer with a change 
in life each stage. So, all these businesses put together are part of our direct business. And 
we see an opportunity in synergizing both these physical model as well as our online 
model to improve our efficiencies in managing dropouts of both the channels in an efficient 
manner.  

19 
 
Satyan Jambunathan: Just one thing I would have here, on the direct model is, at the end 
of the day, the consumer is making a choice of how he wants to buy. And if we are going 
to as a manufacturer, put artificial constraints and say that I will only distribute through 
one channel or the other, then you end up only losing opportunity. So, what we cannot 
forget and what we have to keep foremost is the choice that the customer is making of 
how they want to buy and where they want to buy from. 
Nidhesh Jain: Can you elaborate on the margin expansion that we have seen in non-linked 
savings. There has apparently been almost doubling of margins on a YoY basis in that 
segment 
Satyan Jambunathan: Yes, this is pretty much driven by product mix, par and non-par 
within that segment. And within the business that we were doing, Kannan also spoke about 
it earlier about a conscious effort to lengthen policy terms and therefore improve margins. 
This is just product mix, there is nothing else underlying. 
Nidhesh Jain: The 200-basis points impact because of cost and mortality that we have 
seen are the actual expenses, right, we have not changed the expense assumptions in EV 
because of that? 
Satyan Jambunathan: Absolutely actual expenses. If I were to give an example again, and 
you will see this from the disclosures, the margin for the unit-linked segment, the numbers 
are there, the margins in the unit-linked segment are 9% this year. Last year, it was at 
around 11%, a year before that it was 8%. Last year, we had also spoken about it that there 
was a very conscious curtailing of discretionary expenses, given lack of affordability in the 
environment. And therefore, to that extent, one wouldn't expect the same expense pattern 
to repeat itself. The way we looked at it really wants to say that in FY2020, the unit-linked 
business had a margin of 8%. That has adjusted over the pandemic curtail expenditure in 
FY2022, moved up to 9%. So, from a margin point of view, I still see that is positive, but 
on a year-on-year basis, when I compare it with 11% of last year, it does seem like a 
decline. And that's really the point I was making about expenses and impact of expenses, 
even an answer to the earlier question. So, these numbers are there in the slides, you can 
work them out. That's really where the implication of expenses is coming in in the margin 
for this year. 
Nidhesh Jain: I was trying to understand that the impact of expense that we have seen in 
margins in FY2022, can it reverse in FY2023 if we see lower expense growth, is it the 
structural expenses that we have reached at are we expecting these things to reverse in 
future? 
Satyan Jambunathan: Reverse in the sense, expense ratio should continue to improve. I 
am only choosing to look at FY2022 as a continuation of FY2020 as opposed to FY2022 
being a continuation of FY2021. To my mind FY2022 as a continuation of FY2020 is a more 
appropriate pattern, because FY2021 was an aberration in terms of how we manage our 
expenses. 
Nidhesh Jain: There is a line item, provision for diminution of investment. What is that? 

20 
 
Satyan Jambunathan: This is mark-to-market on equity. There were a couple of securities 
during the year which in terms of market price went to below the quantitative impairment 
trigger. It's purely mark-to-market on two equity stocks during the year, nothing else. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Just the first one on this 25% of APE coming from new launch 
products. I do basic math. I think ROP is 1%. Let's remove that. So, I do the new products 
in annuity that totals the max to 3%. So, looks like GIFT short and long is 20% plus. Right? 
So, can you just walk us through some of the ingredients of success? Is it just the market 
was receptive? Also which channels are the ones that are doing it? If I look at slide 61, 
seems to suggest non-ICICI Bank banca as well. So, if you can help us understand the 
value proposition for non-linked savings? 
Satyan Jambunathan: You are right on the ball with respect to identifying the drivers on 
new products on what has contributed to the growth. The only other element that Amit 
also spoke about which contributed to the growth was the new funds on the unit linked 
that we launched. When he spoke about the new business contribution, it also included 
some of the new fund composition. But, yes, largely, the GIFT and GIFT long term have 
been the most substantial contributors from a new product point of view. We have not 
separately disclosed the par and non-par mix, we only disclosed the overall non-linked 
mix. But your identification of the key drivers of growth from a new product launch is bang 
on. 
Shyam Srinivasan: What is the sanctity or the number at which ULIP will remain. It's come 
down below 50% like you said in the opening remark. Can this go further lower because 
if that's the journey we are making, then the VNB margins can continue, right? Would that 
be one of the levers? 
Satyan Jambunathan: We have been saying I guess quite a few times so far is we don't 
really manage the margin. And really it doesn't matter if unit-linked mix goes up. It doesn't 
matter if unit-linked mix goes down. What is imperative is that the unit-linked product 
opportunity and the customer opportunity is different from the non-linked opportunity. If 
we try to shift unit linked to non-linked and vice versa, it will only impact the business 
outcomes. Our approach is going to be to grow unit linked and our approach is going to 
be to grow non-linked. The only reason we want diversification is that we don't want to be 
too significantly impacted by one category through environmental changes. And 
therefore, getting to 40% to 50% of one product category is a good place to be in 
compared to 80% being from one product category. Other than that, we really have no 
objective in mind with respect to what the product mix should be with the exception of 
protection and annuity. In saving product, we are perfectly happy to end up with any 
product mix that is chosen by customers.  
N.S. Kannan: I can add to that to say we have not really directed the business teams to 
limit ULIP to a certain level, we have not done it at all. And second, when I said that there 
could be a margin expansion going forward as well, it is not contingent upon reducing the 
percentage of ULIP to get a pick up on the margins that. So, those two things I can confirm 
to you. I would rather push the teams to focus on efficiency and all productivity related 
metrics on unit linked to sequentially increase the unit linked margins. That would be our 
approach rather than cutting any line of business. We don't want to go back to the situation 
of saying that I don't like to distribute a particular line of product. We don't want to get into 

21 
 
that anymore. We want options available to the customer. And we want to meet the 
consumer demand based on their preferences. That has been the approach of the 
Company. So, that will continue. 
Sanketh Godha: The margins in non-linked closer to 33%. Just wanted to understand the 
supply chain benefit of a favorable market which led to such a strong margin can be unit-
linked business. These numbers sustainable going ahead if the yield curve chooses 
whether the margins can come up in this particular product. That's the first question what 
I had. And the second question was the number of almost negative ₹ 5.4 billion rupees. If 
you can break it down into how much was it because of equity as equity could have 
contributed positively and how much it was because of the debt and how much it was 
FRAs because going out of the money when you've entered into derivative contracts? And 
finally, whether MTM gets reflected in solvency or not? That's the question because if that 
contributed, then whether it's part of the solvency calculation or not? 
Satyan Jambunathan: The economic variance is predominantly led by mark-to-market 
negative on fixed income securities in the shareholder funds because of interest rates 
going up. FRAs mark-to-market will be negative at rising interest rates as that is the 
construct of the product. Solvency fully reflects the changes. The way the solvency norms 
is that if the fair value change goes to below zero, then it becomes a reduction from 
solvency ratio. Anything which goes through P&L anyway directly reflects into solvency. 
So, the FRAs are appropriately reflected in the solvency. In answer to your question on the 
non-linked savings, what can be the margin going forward, quite honestly, it will depend 
on the mix. If the linked, non-linked mix continues at the current level, this is what it will 
be. If the non-par, par mix changes, then the margin may very well change. Again, I'll go 
back to what I said before, that these are periods of time where some products may be 
more favored than others. With rising interest rates, where interest rates are now in 
absolute terms, we're still seeing non-par as being a very meaningful product of interest 
to customers. But to answer your question, if the mix of par and non-par changes, the 
composite margin on non-linked savings will reflect the interest rate mix between the two. 
Sanketh Godha: On the non-ICICI Bank, just wanted to understand whether we have 
reached almost closer to like 30% market share because most of the banks operate, either 
we are sitting as a second or third player. So, at least, we have already reached the 
headroom to drive the growth in non-ICICI Bank channel. 
Amit Palta: If you are talking about our share of business in some of these bancassurance 
partners, like I mentioned to you earlier, our driving principle, our entire philosophy with 
our partners, and the rationale that we pitched even prior to getting into partnership was 
about working along with them to see how they can increase their overall pie. So, what 
we see as an outcome as a share of the shop is just a resultant of what we do in terms of 
creating space and getting our partners to grow and get their fee income to build 
significantly. So, from that perspective, I can say the outcome on share of shop has been 
quite significant. Within one year, you can see it's close to 1/3 in some of our partners, and 
some are still in the process of building. And we do believe there is a room available for 
us to see different outcome by the time we end this year as well. And one of our 
partnerships, in fact, we are almost 3/4 of the overall business done by a partner. So, this 
is something which again we see as an outcome and feel happy, but we'll be happier to 

22 
 
see our partners growing and growing their overall fee income by increasing the overall 
pie. 
N.S. Kannan: Without naming the partner if I have to illustrate, we have seen a two-partner 
shop with our share going to something like 30% or so without the volumes of the other 
partner going down in the shop. So, that sort of illustrates our approach what Amit 
mentioned. We go and tell them that, we are not here to fight with other partner and to 
sort of share the existing pie, we will grow the pie because of which the additional value 
comes to you will essentially be because of us. That is our proposition. And thanks to the 
technology, thanks to the expertise where we have having worked in banca partners for a 
very long time. We have an ability to get this, this whole activity and everything going in a 
matter of weeks and in a matter of months or probably quarters, we've been able to get to 
30% to 40% kind of levels. So, I think that approach will continue. And again, the white 
spaces part I mentioned comes in handy. Figure out where all there are gaps, which 
product can be used and what kind of customer mapping can be done. That has been our 
approach. So, I think this approach will continue and I believe that the non-ICICI Bank 
partnerships can grow based on this approach going forward as well. 
Anand Bhavnani: One, with respect to our interest rate sensitivity is 350 bps. So, when we 
talk about hitting the VNB growth margin, are we accounting for the fact that there might 
be a 50 bps or 75 bps rise in interest rates in this financial year and accordingly the VNB 
growth has to be a bit higher than what the 22% figure? So, just wanted to clarify that. 
Satyan Jambunathan: The sensitivity that is shown there is a percentage of the base 
number. So, when we are saying 3.5% sensitivity, it is 3.5% of the absolute VNB, it is not 
a margin delta. Second, from a prospective point of view, if interest rates change, I will 
also reprice my offering to the customer. And therefore, from a VNB point of view, as long 
as I maintain the spread between what I can earn and what I am paying the customer, my 
margin will be protected. I will gain or lose margin if my spread changes. Otherwise, purely 
interest rate changes should not affect my VNB, it will only affect it if I am neutral and not 
doing anything that are passive and not doing anything at all from the current status quo. 
Anand Bhavnani: From a retention perspective in the protection business, you mentioned 
that in due course, we should be back to 50:50. Do you have a timeline which you expect 
this to happen?  
Satyan Jambunathan: No, we don't have a timeline at this point of time. This is really 
contingent upon how the reinsurers pricing also evolves over the next few quarters. Right 
now, we are very comfortable from a capital position. So, we can afford to keep more risks 
on our balance sheet. But over a period of time, because I get maximum capital credit out 
of reinsuring 50%, I will gravitate to that. It's a function of reinsurance prices, which I do 
believe will fall in line with our experience over a period of time. Today, my experience on 
mortality is lower than the price that the reinsurer is quoting me. So, it really does not 
make sense for me to reinsure more. 
Hitesh Gulati: On the EV walk, can you split the ₹ 91 crores negative assumption change? 
And also the plus ₹ 64 crores other variance? 

23 
 
Satyan Jambunathan: ₹ 91 crores like I described before, again, mainly comes from 
strengthening of mortality assumption for certain credit life groups. That's the biggest 
contributor to it. We have not given a more detailed break up than that. The ₹ 64 crores is 
a lot of other smaller things. This number typically fluctuates. It's usually a small positive 
or a negative. I don't think there is any structural implication out of the other variances of 
₹ 64 crores. Some of it comes from dividend rates that we declare and effective tax rate. 
Some of it could be much smaller cross-effect between parameters. So, I wouldn't put too 
much on the ₹ 64 crores. ₹ 91 predominantly, like I said comes from strengthening of 
mortality assumptions on particular credit life business segments. 
Hitesh Gulati: On the percentage change in VNB if a non-par proportion has increased, 
why the sign change from positive to negative? So, I believe if the rates have gone up, 
right, we have already guaranteed a particular rate and we are going to earn more on that. 
Can you just clarify on that? 
Satyan Jambunathan: I go back to an earlier question, when I enter into FRA, if the interest 
rate goes up, the FRA will have a negative mark-to-market. So, to that extent, there will be 
an implication arising out of it. But fundamentally, the purpose of the FRA is actually hedge 
against interest rate down. It is not to try to gain from interest rate up, because we are 
anyway locked into the spread. If we hold on the FRA and settle to maturity, we have 
locked into that yield by that period of time. So, the mark-to-market gains that you might 
see on an FRA are typically transitory. And by the end of the contract tenure, it will go 
away. So, to that extent, it really doesn't matter. What will matter is a negative mark-to-
market on FRA because that could very well mean, if I am not fully matched, then I end up 
with a real loss at the end of the contract term because of interest rates going down. So, 
to the extent that I am fully matched, and a gain with the drop in reference rates, I would 
actually suggest that's a good place to be in. 
Hitesh Gulati: Conceptually if we were doing no FRA, so if interest rates go up, non-par 
guarantee margins should improve, right? 
Satyan Jambunathan: No. Like I said, non-par margins will depend upon the spread at the 
time of sale between what I am locking into and what I am paying. Mark-to-market on 
interest rate up if I stay with my FRA to maturity, will actually disappear by the end of the 
contract. It is a transitory impact. It is not a lasting and permanent impact. 
Hitesh Gulati: Is this positive impact of 2%-3% in VNB margin that we are seeing right 
now? 
Satyan Jambunathan: It's not 2%-3% VNB. It is 2%-3% of absolute VNB.  
Hitesh Gulati: I mean, 33% VNB margin that we have seen. Is there a positive impact in 
that because of FRA? 
Satyan Jambunathan: No, because of FRA, there is no positive impact. Look at it this way, 
the day I am selling it, I know what is the rate at which I can invest my first premium today. 
I also know what is the rate I can lock into for the future five or 10 premiums that are 
expected to be received through the FRA. Together, I get a composite yield that I expect 
to lock into. That yield is my starting point of what I earn. What I promise to the customer 
in terms of the guaranteed rate is derived from what yield I can earn. Mark-to-market on 

24 
 
FRA has no meaning in my pricing. The only thing that matters in my pricing is what rate I 
am able to lock into. 
Akshay Jogani: I had a question on the fundamentals of the volume growth of the 
business. So, if we go back like a few years, what we're seeing across private insurers is 
that volumes are not growing but premiums are growing. But on the other hand, we do 
feel that India is very far when comes to insurance. So, just want to understand why is 
number of policies not rising and why a lot of growth coming from the per policy premium 
growth? 
Amit Palta: On the previous comment on number of policies, and the way we look at it is 
that on the channels front, if we were to look at all the channels other than ICICI, and 
specifically, if we were to look at saving side of business, we actually see a growth of close 
to around 18% to 20% on savings line of business in channels other than ICICI. You know 
that impact on protection is known to all and that had a significant impact on the overall 
number of policies coming down. So, one is, as you know, that in ICICI, there was a 
conscious attempt to look at prioritizing annuity and protection lines of business where 
both number of policies as well as at the channel level, we saw degrowth and also on 
protection line of business across all channels, we saw an impact on the number of 
policies. But in isolation if you were to look at only savings business in non-ICICI channel, 
it has grown at good healthy rate at 18-20%.  
Sanketh Godha: What is our absolute FRAs exposure at the end of FY2022 which was ₹ 
8.1 billion at the end of FY2021? 
Satyan Jambunathan: It will get disclosed as part of the annual report. We have not yet 
done that. So, when we make it public as part of the annual report, you will see that. It 
should take some time before we get that done. 
Sanketh Godha: If I look at the breakdown of unwind solely for this year, over and above 
reference rates seems to be substantially higher, which is really lower. So, can you explain 
why it has behaved in that way because we attribute to the fact that the open interest rate 
curve was much lower and that's why it's getting reflected this way? 
Satyan Jambunathan: The risk-free rate in the unwind typically very closely reflects the 
government bond yield curve. The real world unwind on top of that reflects the underlying 
asset mix of the portfolio. So, to the extent that the underlying asset mix of the portfolio 
can change year-on-year, that number could well be different across years. I don't have 
the exact numbers of the asset mix underlying. So, maybe at a later point, Dhiren or team 
can connect with you and share that with you. But that's really the driver, the underlying 
asset mix is what drives the real world unwind beyond the risk free. 
Sanketh Godha: The ANW, this year is less than the reported net worth. So, this is largely 
because of the debt security what you're seeing is in the part of shareholders account that 
is getting reflected in the ANW, but not will be reported in net worth, right? 
Satyan Jambunathan: That is correct. 
N.S. Kannan: I thank all of you for joining the call and patiently listening to all of us. And I 
do hope that most of the questions have been answered both in terms of our response to 

25 
 
your questions as well as in our opening comments which we made it exhaustive this time. 
However, if there are any unanswered questions, our team and I will be happy to take your 
questions offline. Thank you. 
 
 
Disclaimer: Please note that this transcript has been lightly edited for the purpose of clarity. Certain 
statements in this transcript are forward-looking statements and are based upon what the 
Management of Company believes are reasonable as on the date of this transcript. The Company 
undertakes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances 
after the date thereof. 
