Registered Office Address:  
Mindtree Ltd, Global Village, RVCE Post, Mysore 
Road,  Bengaluru-560059, Karnataka, India.  
CIN: L72200KA1999PLC025564 
E-mail: info@mindtree.com
____________________________________________________________________________________ 
April 25, 2022 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai 400 051 
NSE : fax: 022 2659 8237 / 38 
Phone: (022) 2659 8235 / 36  
Ref: MT/STAT/CS/2022-23/019 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001  
BSE : fax : 022 2272 3121/2041/ 61 
Phone:022-22721233/4  
email: corp.relations@bseindia.com 
email : cmlist@nse.co.in 
Stock Code/Symbol: 532819/MINDTREE 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and year ended Mar 31, 2022 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and year ended 
March 31, 2022 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on April 18, 2022, for your 
information and records. 
The above information is also available on the website of Company: www.mindtree.com/about/investors 
This is for your kind information and records. 
Thanking you,  
Yours sincerely, 
for Mindtree Limited 
Subhodh Shetty 
Company Secretary 
ACS-13722 
_________________________________________________________________________________ 
Mindtree Ltd  
Global Village, 
RVCE Post, Mysore Road Bengaluru – 560059
T +9180 6706 4000 F +9180 6706 4100  
W: www.mindtree.com  

© Mindtree Limited 2022 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mindtree Limited 
(NSE: MINDTREE, BSE: 532819) 
 
 
Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
 
Fourth quarter ended March 31, 2022 
 
April 18, 2022

© Mindtree Limited 2022 
2 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Mindtree limited quarter 4, FY22 earnings 
conference call.  Please note, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the opening remarks.  Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please raise your hand from the participants tab on your 
screen.  Please note that this conference is being recorded.  I now hand over to Mr. Vinay 
Kalingara, Head of Investor Relations, Mindtree.  Thank you and over to you sir. 
 
Vinay Kalingara: 
Thanks Aditya.  Welcome to this conference call to discuss the financial results for the fourth 
quarter ended March 31, 2022.  Today, on the call we have with us Mr. Debashis Chatterjee, 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, Mindtree; Mr. Venu Lambu, Executive Director 
and President, Global Markets, Mindtree; and Mr. Vinit Teredesai, Chief Financial Officer, 
Mindtree. We will begin with a brief overview of the company’s Quarter 4 and FY22 
performance, after which we will open the floor for Q&A.  Before I hand over, let me begin with 
the Safe Harbor statement.  During the call, we could make forward-looking statements.  These 
statements are considering the environment we see as of today and carry a risk in terms of 
uncertainty because of which the actual results could differ from those outlined in the quarterly 
financials available on our website.  We do not undertake to update those statements 
periodically.  I now pass it on to DC for his opening remarks. 
 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Thank you, Vinay.  Good evening and good morning to everyone on the call.  Thank you for 
joining us.  We are pleased with our industry-leading profitable growth in FY22.  Our ability to 
deliver solid business outcomes even during times of momentous change, uncertainty, and 
disruption validates our vision, strategy, and capabilities. Our three-pronged approach of 
accelerating core portfolio, expanding emerging portfolio, and incubating new portfolio has 
helped us sustain our growth momentum, while staying ahead of the market trends and 
customer needs in delivering digital transformation at scale.  Our fourth quarter revenue came 
in at strong USD 383.8 million sequentially up 5.2% in constant currency and 4.8% in USD 
terms.  For the full year our revenue grew 31.1% and we delivered an EBITDA margin of 20.9%.  
Our EPS for the year was ₹100.2, a growth of 48.7% over last year.  We ended the year with 
a healthy orderbook of USD 1.6 billion, representing a growth of 16.7% over last year.   
We are proud of our remarkable progress on the strategic growth levers outlined at the start of 
this year - driving profitable growth, wallet share, whitespace opportunities, geographic 
footprint, market penetration, and hyperscaler partnerships.  During the year, we added 33 new 
logos.  With focused upselling and cross-selling, we grew the revenue share of our focus 100 
accounts to nearly 90%. The number of $20-million accounts doubled from 7 to 14.  We 
incubated the Health industry group and acquired Industry 4.0 capabilities through Mindtree 
NxT.  In line with our rapid growth, we expanded our presence in Germany, Finland, and 
Denmark, and bolstered our nearshore capabilities in Europe with a center in Poland.  We also 
expanded our delivery footprint in India with an additional facility in Pune and our first 
development center in Kolkata.   
Hyperscaler partnerships are vital to our value proposition.  As a result of our aggressive 
investments in building industry-aligned hyperscaler capabilities and offerings, we achieved 

© Mindtree Limited 2022 
3 
 
 
the status of ServiceNow Elite partner in less than a year, launched as many as 30 new 
solutions on Google cloud platform and earned advanced specializations in Analytics, AI, and 
Machine Learning on Microsoft Azure.   
As a born digital company, we have enjoyed an edge in driving next-generation technology 
capabilities and innovation ahead of the curve.  We have been at the forefront of delivering 
differentiated experiences using blockchain, AR/VR, IoT, AI, geospatial, and other cutting-edge 
technologies. With these technologies now forming the building blocks of the Metaverse, our 
innovative work provides us a natural head-start in advancing our proposition for this fast-
growing ecosystem of alternative reality.  We are excited to announce that we are increasing 
investments in Metaverse solutions and capabilities to extend our technology and design 
thinking leadership into an integrated, consulting-led Metaverse offering. Complemented by 
our immersive technology experience center, ‘Immersive Aurora’, our Metaverse offering will 
enable customers to accelerate and optimize their transition to the meta-economy.   
To us, digital transformation at scale is about delivering continuous change and value from 
core to edge to experience, leveraging integrated capabilities and solutions informed by a 
vision of the future.  Our growth narrative is powered by our ability to comprehensively fulfill 
this mandate.  For example, a growing number of our focus 100 accounts are now full-stack 
accounts cutting across all our service line capabilities.  This speaks to our strategic relevance 
and effectiveness across the full spectrum of digital transformation. 
We continue to see an increasing number of deals evolve into larger strategic engagements.  
For example, what began a year ago as a story points-based omnichannel digital 
transformation engagement for a large high-tech multinational conglomerate has since 
expanded into enterprise IT and IoT platform development across different divisions.  A product 
development engagement that we began last year with a professional services company has 
quickly expanded into enterprise IT platform development in a studio model across all four of 
our services lines, leveraging our strong hyperscaler partnerships.   
In driving more complex change-focused digital work, customers are increasingly choosing us 
to address higher-end needs. A multinational bank and financial services company, for 
example, recently partnered with us on a broad range of digital engineering, MarTech and 
regulatory requirements.  Creating conditions for transformation to keep pace with the rapid 
market and technology changes is vital in the new normal.  By adopting a product-centric 
model, we are enabling an increasing number of customers such as a large credit reporting 
agency and a global mobility solutions provider to align business and IT through customer and 
data journeys for faster innovation and time-to-market.  We are actively enabling healthcare 
organizations across the health ecosystem to adopt the best of digital innovation and consumer 
centricity from digitally mature industry sectors for driving greater personalization in this age of 
consumerism. 
Across all our industry groups, we continued to grow focus accounts, scale strategic new logos, 
diversify our customer portfolio, and pivot to outcome-based engagements.  
Our Communications, Media and Technology business grew 5.2% sequentially and 23.1% for 
the full year.  This growth was driven by product engineering and customization, digital 
marketing, selling and commerce, enterprise IT platform development, and cybersecurity 

© Mindtree Limited 2022 
4 
 
 
services.  We saw continued strength in Technology, where we helped our customers to 
develop and roll out innovative and intuitive products. In Communications, we enabled our 
customers to drive continuous product innovation and faster deployment, while the work for 
Media customers involved creating next-gen experiences leveraging digital technologies.   
Our Retail, CPG and Manufacturing business was down 2.4% sequentially because of a ramp 
down in a retail account. However, we delivered a strong full year growth of 45.4% on the back 
of continued demand for reimagining and maximizing customer journeys and supply chains as 
hyper-personalized omnichannel experiences and connected ecosystems of products, 
experiences, and operations rose to the top of the agenda.  We enabled our customers to 
strengthen their edge-to-experience proposition powered by real-time insights and 360-degree 
views of the consumer and the value chain.  The imperative to innovate and scale fast has 
meant more deals centered around agile cross-functional, digital engineering pods.   
Our Banking, Financial Services and Insurance grew 8.9% sequentially and 19.1% for the full 
year with marked traction in accelerating future tech capabilities, reimagining experience, 
modernizing the core, and driving strategic data integration programs to enable new product 
innovation. We are enabling customers to become more like digital natives and reimagine their 
businesses with newer offerings.  Our integrated capabilities combined with pointed domain-
specific offerings developed through partnerships have strengthened our go-to-market strategy 
helping us differentiate and win new logos including Tier-1 financial institutions in the US, 
Continental Europe, and Australia. 
Our Travel, Transportation, and Hospitality business grew 9.2% sequentially and 54.6% for the 
full year.  Our FY22 results crossed the pre-pandemic levels, driven by domain-led capabilities 
in customer experience, data intelligence, and core transformation offerings delivered through 
a product-centric model.  Many of our new logos in the newer sub-sectors beyond airlines and 
hospitality are well on their way to becoming top clients for us.  We enabled customers to 
reimagine and reinvent their business models to meet the connected consumer’s need for 
seamless experiences, hyper-personalization, health and safety, and contextual offerings in an 
increasingly contactless world. 
In its first year, our Health business contributed USD 17.3 million to our revenue for full year 
as our investments in building capabilities and opportunity pipeline in this vertical, together with 
our differentiated consulting-led approach, showed further results.  In the latest quarter, we 
won four new logos - including one large digital transformation and product-engineering deal 
with a leading American health services business.  We recently made a strategic investment 
in COPE Health Solutions, a healthcare consulting and analytics leader in the U.S., to 
accelerate our growth in this sector by tapping into opportunities arising from value-based care, 
population health management, and personalized healthcare.   
In terms of geographies, during the year - North America grew 25%, Continental Europe, UK, 
and Ireland grew 58.7%, and APAC and Middle East grew 39%.   
Among our service lines, in FY22, Customer Success grew 42.9%, Data and Intelligence grew 
30.5%, Cloud grew 29.4%, and Enterprise IT grew 15.4%. 
Through FY22, we deepened our hyperscaler partnerships to deliver greater market impact - 
be it enabling a tech company to shape the future of travel, an online payment app to power 

© Mindtree Limited 2022 
5 
 
 
an annual exchange of $2 billion without bank affiliations, or a sportswear manufacturer to 
enhance customer loyalty and retention through ecommerce. In addition to expanding our 
domain and technology capabilities and partnerships, we doubled down on non-linear growth 
opportunities led by platforms, accelerators, and consulting. For example, we launched an 
AI/ML-powered platform for enterprises of all scales to manage their service experience in 
multi-provider environments. Our Connected Operations offerings spanning assets, processes, 
and personnel saw a strong demand from customers looking to turn insights into actions 
through autonomous operations.  We took a leap forward in helping enterprises transform their 
omnichannel customer service with our Cognitive Customer Service suite that delivers 
intelligent agent assistance and real-time sentiment analysis powered by applied AI.  To help 
organizations design, build, and manage intelligent security operations, we introduced 
consulting services around Managed Security Operations Center. 
We made aggressive investments in creating an innovation and collaboration ecosystem to 
facilitate the adoption of technologies such as blockchain, AR/VR, and low-code/no-code at 
speed and scale.  Our new platform and framework-based offerings with Testing and DevOps 
saw increased traction.  To deepen our capabilities, we created centers of excellence in areas 
such as digital engineering and platform operations while incubating solution groups with our 
existing customers.  Many of these new-tech offerings are getting embedded in our current 
solutions and have the potential to be large deals. 
Through the year, we were ranked highly in more than 75 analyst reports for diverse digital 
capabilities.  On the supply side, we continued to augment our employee experience through 
more creative, agile, and personalized approaches to employee career development and 
change management.  We are pleased with the early results of our program aimed at identifying 
and grooming critical talent on an ongoing basis.  It is key to our ‘one-size-fits-one’ employee 
engagement and career enablement strategy, which consists of policies and processes 
customized to specific talent communities and includes monetary as well as non-monetary 
elements such as role rotations, upskilling, and workforce flexibility. 
Our net headcount addition in FY22 was over 11,200 - more than six times the headcount 
addition in the preceding year.  We closed FY22 with a global headcount of more than 35,000.  
Through FY23, we expect our hiring of fresh graduates to increase significantly. With our 
revamped training program for fresh graduate hires, including candidates starting in the last 
semester of their engineering program, we have already significantly cut down the time 
required to make early career talent ready for client projects.  In FY22, our reskilling and 
upskilling initiatives, including key digital technologies such as AI, AR/VR, data analytics, and 
cloud powered nearly half of our global workforce.  Following a successful launch earlier in the 
quarter, our returnship program for enabling technology professionals to restart careers after 
a break with personalized train-and-deploy model is now being scaled to the next level. 
For the fourth quarter, our LTM attrition was 23.8%.  Attrition continues to be an industrywide 
issue. We expect the situation to gradually stabilize over the next few quarters.  I will now turn 
over the call to Vinit for Q4 and full year financial heights, Vinit. 
 

© Mindtree Limited 2022 
6 
 
 
Vinit Teredesai: 
Thank you, DC. Good evening and good morning to everyone on the call.  I'll begin by 
summarizing a few of the highlights of the quarter.  Continuing our consistent performance 
through the year, our sequential revenue growth was 4.8% in dollar terms and 5.2% in constant 
currency.  This is the fifth consecutive quarter of 5% plus sequential growth in constant 
currency.  For the quarter, our reported EBITDA margin was 21% and the EBIT margin was 
18.9%.  PAT margin for the quarter was 16.3% as compared to 15.9% in Q3.  Earnings per 
share was at ₹28.7 compared to ₹26.5 in Q3.  The effective tax rate was 24.5%.  Our DSO for 
the quarter was at 60 days, an improvement by 4 days.  For the quarter, operating cash flow 
to EBITDA improved to 92.2% from 87.7% in Q3.  Free cash flow to EBITDA was at 82.7% 
compared to 77.6% in Q3. Utilization was 83.1% compared to 81.5% in Q3.  Our order book in 
Q4 is 390 million USD. 
Now to summarize our full year performance, we ended the fiscal year 2022 on a strong note 
with the revenue growth of 31.1% in dollar terms.  Revenue in rupee terms grew by 32.1% 
crossing ₹100 billion, and with the EPS over ₹100.  Our order book for the full year was 1.6 
billion USD, an increase of 16.7% over FY21, and this positions us well as we enter FY23.  For 
the full year reported EBITDA margin was 20.9% compared to 20.8% in FY21.  EBIT margin 
was 18.6% compared to 17.5% in FY21.  PAT margin was 15.7% compared to 13.9% in FY21.  
Absolute PAT was USD 221.6 million reflecting a growth of 47.7%.  EPS for the full year was 
₹100.2, an increase of 48.7% over FY21.  Effective tax rate for the full year was 25.2%.  As of 
March 31st, our cash flow hedges are at USD 1.5 billion, hedges on the balance sheet are at 
USD 184 million and options of USD 6 million. 
Our cash and investment balance were at all time high of USD 474.6 million.  The Board of 
Directors have recommended a final dividend of ₹27 per share taking the total dividend for 
FY22 to ₹37 per share.  In 2021, Mindtree received a rating of ‘AA’ in the MSCI ESG ratings 
assessment.  We continue progress on ESG commitments that we have set out to achieve 
through 2030.  In March 2022, India ratings affirmed ‘IND AAA’ rating for Mindtree for the 
second consecutive year.  This is a strong recognition of our financial prudence, efficient 
working capital management, and governance practices.  I now hand it over back to DC for the 
business outlook. 
 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Thanks Vinit.  Change is playing out at a breathtaking space.  Industry lines are blurring like 
never before.  Newer businesses and revenue streams are emerging.  New-age technologies 
are getting unprecedented prominence.  The urgency to shift from legacy to cloud is pressing.  
Organizations are more convinced than ever that the time to become more resilient and future 
proof is now.  Each one of these trends is creating more opportunities for us and we are 
continuing to strengthen our position as a partner of choice by becoming more consulting-led, 
outcome-focused, and global in scale.  
Our focus going into FY23 will be on delivering even greater value to customers by dialing up 
full-stack engagements, driving more effective sell-to, sell-with and sell-through relationship 
with hyper scalers, shifting from run IT to product-centric models. Elevating our edge-to-
experience proposition, enabling and unlocking the competitive potential of industry 
convergence, and strengthening next-gen delivery capabilities for integrated solutions. We are 

© Mindtree Limited 2022 
7 
 
 
confident that our focused strategy, disciplined execution, customer trust and team diligence 
will support our endeavor to continue delivering industry-leading profitable growth.  
With that let me open the floor for questions. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may raise your hand from the participants tab on your screen. Participants 
are requested to use headphones or earphones while asking a question. Request you to please 
state your organization’s name before asking your question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will 
wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. First question is from Sandeep.  
 
Sandeep: 
Hi, DC, Vinit and Venu, thanks for taking my question and congrats on a good set of numbers. 
How difficult is the manpower situation compared to what we have seen in the previous quarter, 
where do you see this situation moving, when will you be able to control this? That is number 
1. And how much of this situation is impacting our execution as of now? So, any idea on that? 
And third, right now without Travel and Hospitality supporting too much, we are able to post 
such a good number. So, when this comes and fires for us, where do you think the growth rates 
will be? Do you think that FY23 could be far better than FY22 because a lot of these problems 
will probably resolve? Your views on these three will be very helpful.  
 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Thank you, Sandeep. 
First of all, as far as the manpower situation is concerned, I presume you are talking about 
attrition. As I called out, it is a phenomenon which is prevalent in the industry, and everybody 
has to deal with it in certain ways. You need to have your own strategy. We have been able to 
demonstrate growth, as well as EBITDA, in spite of whatever situation has existed over the last 
2-3 quarters. So, we have got mechanisms to deal with it. There are various engagements that 
we do to try and control the attrition. As I said, the LTM attrition is still on the rise, but we are 
hoping it will stabilize and gradually come down over a period of time, which will help the overall 
situation. Having said that, I think it is also important for us to navigate through this, in terms of 
whatever we need to do. For example, as a company, we have increased fresher hiring. We 
have also launched a program called EDGE program where we are hiring a lot of B.Sc’s and 
BCA’s and helping them to not only just work, but also get a degree from BITS Pilani. So, a lot 
of initiatives have been launched to navigate through that and we are very confident that we 
should be able to manage the situation as we go along. And in terms of your other question on 
Travel, interestingly, we are already at a revenue beyond the pre-pandemic levels. So, the 
Travel vertical has done fairly well, and it has grown. If you look at the last 4 quarters growth, 
almost like a 10% CAGR growth. We have expanded our Travel vertical, as in, we were initially 
focused on mostly the airlines and the hotels, but at this point of time, we are also focused on 
food and beverages, surface transport, and so on. There are logos that we have closed which 
will also grow, in our Travel and Transport and Hospitality vertical. And it is a little too early to 
call out anything beyond that. But our endeavor is to have industry-leading growth even in 
FY23; industry-leading profitable growth. So, beyond that it is difficult to comment anything 
further. Venu or Vinit, you want to add anything? 

© Mindtree Limited 2022 
8 
 
 
 
Vinit Teredesai 
 No, DC, you have covered that. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Vibhor.   
 
Vibhor: 
Hello. Hi, DC. Hi, Vinit, Venu. Congrats on great set of numbers. Thanks for taking my question.  
Two questions from my side. The question for you, DC, is - this year we clocked 31% YoY 
growth, industry-leading growth. And you have guided to another industry-leading growth next 
year as well. So, this year, our growth was largely driven by the recovery in Retail and Travel 
vertical if I look at in terms of the percentage growth that these verticals reported. Going 
forward, FY23, do you believe the same verticals could be the driver of growth, or as we have 
seen in the last quarter a very strong pick up in BFSI - could BFSI also be a strong component 
of the industry-leading growth that we basically would be expecting next year? And my second 
question is for Vinit. Just wanted to check about the salary hikes for this year, what is the 
quantum that you are expecting, when would they be rolled out and specifically on the onsite 
salary cost - are they expected to be higher than before, in lieu of the overall rising global 
inflation? And with all that tied together do we still maintain that 20% plus EBITDA margin 
guidance? 
 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Thanks, Vibhor. So let me just answer the first question and I will request Venu to chime in. 
See, as far as the growth in FY22 is concerned I think it is fairly broad-based. If you look at 
BFSI, it grew 19%, CMT grew 23%, of course, Retail had a phenomenal growth of about 45%. 
Then if you look at Travel, it had ramped down because of the pandemic, so Travel had more 
than 54% growth. So, overall, the growth has been fairly broad-based and from an overall 
future standpoint also, at a broad level we expect the broad-based growth to continue across 
industries, across geographies. Yeah, there will be aberrations from time-to-time, but at an 
overall level, I think the sentiments are fairly bullish. Venu? 
 
Venu Lambu: 
I agree, DC. We want to grow across all the sectors, and considering that we have the newer 
sectors like Healthcare, which is just coming out of its incubation period, so there is so much 
to grow in that. And so is the case in terms of the value we can create for Retail & CPG 
customers, Hi-tech, as well as the BFSI. So, it is very hard to pick which sector will grow faster 
but there is a demand outlook which is sort of consistent across all the sectors that we are 
focusing on. 
 
Vibhor: 
Got it.  Vinit? 
 
Vibhor: 
Got it, but on the onsite level, is there any incremental pressure that we are facing because of 
supposedly higher global inflation which might require us to give higher salary hikes than 
before? 
 

© Mindtree Limited 2022 
9 
 
 
Vinit Teredesai: 
Nothing than what we are seeing differently at this point of time.  
 
Vibhor: 
Okay, got it. Great, sir, thank you so much for taking my questions, I wish you all the best.     
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Vimal Gohil.   
 
Vimal Gohil: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My question on demand and attrition has been answered. Just 
a question on cash flows. Sir, if you could just highlight your OCF, operating cash flow if I look 
at the operating cash flow, it has sort of dropped this time around led by higher trade 
receivables. Matter of timing, or how should we look at the free cash flow conversion or OCF 
conversion going forward? 
 
Vinit Teredesai: 
I think so our cash flow conversion what you are seeing for the full year is basically because 
we had an impact in the first quarter of this FY22. And that's what has impacted the full year. 
But if you look at the quarter-on-quarter, our free cash flow as well operating cash flow has 
improved quarter-on-quarter.  
 
Vimal Gohil: 
And, sir, your receivables should come down going, should normalize going forward from here?   
 
Vinit Teredesai: 
See, this is our sweet spot of 60 to 65 days, that's what we intend to look at it and we will try 
to maintain our DSO within that range. 
 
Vimal Gohil: 
Thank you so much and all the very best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Manik Taneja.   
 
Manik Taneja: 
Hi, good evening, thank you for the opportunity, am I audible?  
 
Vinit Teredesai: 
Yes, you are.   
 
Manik Taneja: 
Thank you for that outlook on the margin front. If you could help us understand what margin or 
operating levers will probably be a tailwind for you going into FY23 and what could be a 
headwind? And also, if you could talk about how should we be thinking about subcontracting 
expenses for us because in the last couple of quarters we had seen a decline there, this quarter 
we are seeing an increase. So, what's driving the quarterly volatility here? Thank you. 
 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
So, Manik, the fundamental thing is that when you talk about margin, and I think I have 
addressed this in my previous commentaries - we have a robust program to look at margin in 
a very systematic fashion and look at all the levers that contribute to margin improvement. All 
the levers may not be firing all at the same time and all the levers may not be even applicable 
to all the industries or the service lines at the same time. So, the good news is that we have a 
good handle in terms of how we manage margins over quarters, and I think we have 

© Mindtree Limited 2022 
10 
 
 
demonstrated that over the last several quarters. To your specific question, in terms of 
headwind and tailwind, I would rather like to look at you know, there are certain levers in terms 
of margin where there are certain cost levers and there are certain levers which can help us in 
terms of revenues from our clients. For example, if you are talking about billing rates, etc., that 
will be something that we will consider as a revenue lever and for niche skills, etc., we do see 
in pockets where we are able to command a premium. So that helps, but if we look at some of 
the other levers which are cost levers - could be utilization, could be pyramid. Again, they will 
be kind of working in tandem to ensure that we can have a good control on the margin because 
we are also very keen to make sure that we invest in our business as we go along. Specifically, 
since you talked about subcons, the fundamental issue is - we get subcons because we want 
to ramp up some engagements in a very fast manner, in a very short time. And that's where 
we need subcons. And if you continue to have subcons for a longer duration in the 
engagement, then obviously, it will tend to dilute your margins. So, I think the way we have run 
our margin program is to ensure that if you get the subcons, you also get them also off at some 
point of time once the situation stabilizes, and you are able to replace them with FTEs. That's 
the normal process that we follow. I don’t know whether I have been able to answer your 
question. Vinit, you want to add anything.  
 
Vinit Teredesai: 
No, I think, DC, you have covered most. 2-3 more levers I would say. In the last couple of 
quarters, we have been fast-tracking our ‘flattening the pyramid’ strategy. We have been 
adding 1500 plus freshers per quarter. We have also been able to ensure that many of them 
are able to get absorbed into the projects and get billed on a very quicker note. We do get 
certain premium pricing for certain niche skills. So, these are all the tailwinds that we will 
continue to look at. As we said, there are few headwinds in terms of operational cost like travel, 
offices, etc., that will at some point of time return. But we don’t anticipate that they are going to 
come in one go and that we are going to be at the pre-pandemic levels. We are having a 
stringent discipline as far as travel costs are concerned, we are sort of reducing the footprint 
and increasing the diversity of available office options for people. So, all these put together are 
definitely helping us in terms of giving us that confidence.  
 
Manik Taneja: 
Thank you for that answer. If I can ask one more. If you could talk about, we recently made a 
minority investment in the US, if you could talk about the strategic rationale for such a thing. 
Thank you. 
 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Venu, you want to?   
 
Venu Lamba: 
Sure, let me take that question. The investment that we made in COPE Health Solutions is in 
line with strategy that we had in terms of how can we grow our healthcare business. And one 
of the strategic capabilities that you need to grow the healthcare business is an access to 
domain capabilities. And in healthcare, COPE Solutions is pretty much focused on the payer 
and the provider market segment. They come with a very significant capabilities in advising 
customers on the business strategy, which involves applying a lot of domain solutions and 

© Mindtree Limited 2022 
11 
 
 
domain context. And the fact that now we have invested in that company, and we have a 
representation on the board, and we have a joint go-to-market defined along with them, it gives 
us a great opportunity to combine our technology and digital capabilities. Bring in COPE 
Health’s domain capabilities so that we get that jumpstart into our newer sector. This is 
something which is used more as a springboard to get to the core of the healthcare customer 
base with the complementary skills of COPE and Mindtree. That essentially is the rationale 
why we went about, and we are already working with them in few customers as we speak. 
 
Manik Taneja: 
All the best for your future.  
   
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Vikas Ahuja. 
 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. I have only one question. Globally many companies have 
started highlighting cost impact led by maybe macro-based inflation in the US or maybe 
slowdown in Europe. Do we think the cyclical headwinds emerging could in the near-term derail 
what otherwise would have been a strong structural trend? Are we building in any risk around 
it which means our growth could be materially different from what we have achieved in FY22? 
 
Venu Lambu: 
I will comment about the growth and, Vinit, you can chip in with regard to the risk related to the 
margin and so on. As we speak today, we have a robust pipeline, which we are confident that 
it will continue to strengthen, and it will continue to grow in the near-term. It is very difficult 
when you are sitting in the beginning of the year to comment in terms of how the Q3 Q4, what 
will be the demand outlook in that particular quarter. But at least in the near quarter I don’t see 
any headwind with regard to the demand or the pipeline size that we have. It continues to be 
robust, and we are confident of that. The second part is that whether there is an inflation 
problem or there is a need to access customers faster, technology plays an important role - 
both to drive the cost saving mandate as well as to enhance the revenue maximization mandate 
of our customers. I think it is just that you need to have solutions and offering portfolio that can 
actually address both the mandates. So, if you are having those kinds of conversations with 
customers, I am pretty confident that we will continue to have that kind of traction going forward 
either to address the efficiency part or to address the change part using the digital capabilities. 
Vinit? 
 
Vinit Teredesai: 
I have nothing more to add.  
 
Venu Lambu: 
Okay, those are the comments that I have. 
 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Sure, Venu, also just assuming in case of no macro impact, do you think if we exclude the 
pent-up part in FY22, we can replicate what we have achieved in FY22 in FY23? 
 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Sure, thanks a lot. 
 

© Mindtree Limited 2022 
12 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Mr. Nitin. Yes, Nitin. 
 
Nitin: 
Good evening. Am I audible? 
 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
 
Nitin: 
Great. My question is around pricing. Just wanted your thoughts on that. One is obviously 
existing contracts, newer contracts and obviously there are some where there are inbuilt 
productivity benefits. If you could just give a sense in terms of, how are you thinking about how 
this sort of filters through on a portfolio level, on a going forward basis. And second, considering 
that there is a lot of inflation-led headwinds for customers, just thinking out aloud, as we go 
towards the tail-end of the year, if those inflation just sort of hurt their earnings, the ability to 
get pricing becomes possibly a little more difficult. So how are you visualizing the flow-through 
of pricing into the overall portfolio. How should we think about it from a Mindtree portfolio 
perspective? 
 
Venu Lambu: 
Look, you know, there is a pricing element which is related to the niche skills and if you look at 
the niche skills, they are predominantly focused on helping customers to transform into digital 
models, right? So that means, they are essentially addressing revenue maximization mandate, 
right? So, if those skills are oriented towards revenue maximization mandate of our customers, 
there is an appetite for clients to actually pay more. But, if the skill sets are related to addressing 
the efficiency mandate, where you’re supposed to drive the cost down either through 
automation, increased productivity, or in some cases, even the rates could get under pressure. 
As you rightly mentioned, most of the customers are facing the headwinds of inflation. They 
look at how much cost they can reduce in their businesses. So, I think there is going to be 
pressure in driving savings in the legacy or in the traditional part of the scope, but there will 
also be significant investment dollars coming in the digital space. I think, it’s all about balancing 
it right within our portfolios, right at the account level and then growing it up to the sector level. 
If we can get that balance right with the right capabilities using our four service lines, I think, 
some of the headwinds that we might face with regards to the cost savings pressure, we can 
mitigate it by focusing more on the digital dollars that we can get.  
 
Nitin: 
So, just to sort of ask in a different way, so if you look at the wage inflation or the salary 
inflation that you could see this year, do you think whatever increase in realizations that you 
may see, will completely offset that or do you think it will only partially offset that? How, are 
you seeing it? 
 
Venu Lambu: 
Look, it’s difficult to say a like-to-like offsetting part of it. I think the wage inflations - whether 
it’s in India or outside India, is one aspect of it and how do you manage that cost? But the 
pricing is more about what the customer pays you for a certain skill set. Hence, I do believe 
that it’s not fair to start relating to the like-to-like mitigating of the cost element. But I can 
only say, there is an opportunity for increase in price for a certain niche skills. And it’s left to 
us in terms of how much we play that part of the business more while balancing it out on the 

© Mindtree Limited 2022 
13 
 
 
cost saving part of the business.  
 
Nitin: 
Understood, fair enough. Thank you so much and all the best.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Rishi Jhunjhunwala.  
 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Hi, thank you. Can you hear me? 
 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you. Couple of questions. First of all, on your hiring, your headcount growth this year 
has been almost 47%, and it’s not like it is coming on the back of under-hiring that you might 
have done in FY21. And, on top of that, versus pre-COVID levels, your sub-contracting 
expenses are also up. So, how do we meet this significant delta between headcount growth 
of 47% versus revenue growth which was more like at 31%? So, there’s a 16% higher 
growth. Does it mean that for next year, unless we’re going to grow substantially better, the 
headcount intensity will drop significantly? 
 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Let me take a stab at it and then Vinit and Venu can. We all acknowledge the fact that the 
attrition has been one of the challenges in the last 3-4 quarters. So, what you see in terms 
of numbers, as you described, are just to ensure that we cover for the attrition. And, as we 
control the attrition, as the attrition numbers come down, I think the difference that you see 
over there should be also reducing. Now, that’s one aspect. The second aspect is that, from 
a business standpoint also, there are lot of opportunities which are purely outcome-based, 
which are tied to business outcomes of clients. And as we do that, we should be able to also 
delink the headcount and the revenues to a certain extent. So that is also something that 
will help as we go along, to change those numbers, as you described. Vinit, do you want to 
add? 
 
Vinit Teredesai: 
Rishi, and for a section of our addition, it is also contributed because we have done a lot of 
fresher hiring compared to the past years. So, that is one important element that you should 
keep in mind. Subcontractors, as DC mentioned, is something which we sort of pick up and 
pick down depending upon how the requirement is. Subcontractors are typically bought into 
play when we have to ramp up very quickly. But a very disciplined amount of, sort of a 
contractor cost management, is something that we manage very well. We have a program 
that controls and manages costs to ensure that it is efficient on that front. And the last part 
is, a lot of hiring is also to ensure that we are building capacity for our demand and the 
pipeline that is with us. In today’s market, when talent is absolutely a critical part, this is one 
part of the investment where we have to ensure that we have built into our numbers, so that 
we’re able to take advantage of the growth that’s coming our way.  
 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Sure sir. I understand the logic behind hiring. The only point I was trying to get a clarification 
on, was that, suppose next year you’re looking at a 30% revenue growth. In order for you to 

© Mindtree Limited 2022 
14 
 
 
balance out the additional hiring you have done this year, effectively next year hiring will be 
less than 15%. Is that a right understanding? 
 
Vinit Teredesai: 
That’s not correct, because, if the growth is on the same lines as what we have delivered in 
FY22, then the hiring will also be in line with that. That’s because, that is all from an 
incremental perspective of how we’ll be entering the subsequent year. So, right now, hiring 
is always done ahead of time. So, I don’t think you should correlate those two points. 
 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Fair enough. And very quickly, your hedge book has gone up substantially. If you look at it 
versus 1 and 2 years ago. To a large extent, it’s also a reflection of your revenue growth. 
But, at $1.72 billion with a hedge rate of 82, if rupee were to remain at 76 for the next couple 
of years, we are almost looking like a 1,000-crore worth of hedging gains. Is that a right way 
to look at it?  
 
Vinit Teredesai: 
Yes. We have also slightly extended our period of hedges from earlier 3 years, now to look 
at certain portion of hedges towards the 4th and 5th year. So, that’s on a constantly rolling 
basis. As you know, we accelerated our hedging program in a more structured and 
disciplined way since the beginning of last year. So, that’s what you’re seeing now. What 
we are right now doing is only 70% of our total net exposure, that we are forecasting in the 
future years.  
 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Alright. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Siddharth Vora. 
 
Siddharth Vora: 
Hi, can you hear me? 
 
Moderator:  
Yes. 
 
Siddharth Vora: 
Thank you for taking my question. I also had a question around the healthy employee 
additions you had this quarter. It shows a number, even with that addition, we are on a 
higher utilization base. So, have you added more on the laterals which are getting, what you 
say, on the job, very fast? The kind of fresher additions you would have done for the year? 
What would be that number? 
 
Vinit Teredesai: 
See, I won’t specifically comment. I can tell you, when we do the hiring, we do a combination 
of hiring. In the last 2-3 quarters, our hiring on the freshers is roughly in the range of 1,500 
plus per quarter, and that has been consistent in the last 2-3 quarters. So, you can take that 
as a number base and do the rest of the calculations.  
 
Siddharth Vora: 
Sure. And in terms of employee numbers as well, your utilization at 83% has been the norm 
for the last 4-6 quarters. Do you expect that level to remain, or do you want to lower that? 
 

© Mindtree Limited 2022 
15 
 
 
Vinit Teredesai: 
Today, if you look at our order book to billing, that period is pretty small. So, we’re able to get 
our people billed on a very quicker note. We are also able to get our freshers who are coming 
after the initial training, getting billed on a very quicker note. So, all these put together, are 
definitely helping us in terms of higher utilization. Ideally, our comfort level of utilization will be 
in the 80-82% range, so that’s what we’ll be looking at. And, at some point of time, that 
normalization will also happen.  
 
Siddharth Vora: 
And one more thing. So, your client buckets have seen a very strong improvement in this 
year. Commendable job! Is it sustainable and do you see these client mining benefits 
continue? Any one off over there?  
 
Vinit Teredesai: 
No one offs, definitely. In the last 2-3 years, we have rationalized some of the tail accounts, 
and that will continue as a part and parcel of our strategy. I think we have done a significant 
number for our tail account rationalization. At the same time, we have also added new logos 
and new clients, and that exercise will continue. So, our account mining strategy is definitely 
going to continue even in the future.  
 
Siddharth Vora: 
Sure. Really helpful. Lastly, even in this quarter, your efforts have continued to shift offshore 
and not onsite, inspite of subcon costs being there or not seeing huge deviations. Is there 
anything to call out over there? Is this a stable number which you will continue?  
 
Vinit Teredesai: 
See, at least in the initial part, we’re not looking at our clients asking our people to return to 
offices yet; it’s only in very few pockets that we’re seeing that phenomenon. But I’m sure, as 
COVID subsides in European and other regions, there can be a potential increase in the 2nd 
half for people to increase. At that point of time, there can be a shift between the offshore-
onsite ratio slightly.  
 
Siddharth Vora: 
Okay. That’s it Thank you for answering all my questions.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Abhishek.  
 
Abhishek: 
Hi! Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good execution. Just two questions. Vinit, 
you mentioned that your ability to convert your bookings to revenue is much better. So, should 
we read that our mix of short tenure deals has gone up in the past few quarters? That is one. 
Second is, what’s the thought in terms of - our fixed price contract type has seen almost a 4% 
reduction and we are increasing time and material. So, what are clients doing with us? That’s 
because, the general thoughts were that increasingly more FPP kind of work is happening. 
But, we are seeing a change in our contract type. So, any color there would be really helpful.  
 
Venu Lambu: 
I think, the first question and the fixed price part are sort of inter-related. So, I’ll give you 
general commentary and Vinit can add further to that. If you look at it, the point about having 
an opportunity to realize revenue at a much faster pace, from the point of order booking is 
coming due to the nature of this work that we do. And most of the work, if it is getting pivoted 

© Mindtree Limited 2022 
16 
 
 
more towards digital transformation, the concept of a long-term transition that you associate 
in traditional IT services is not there in most of the scope. So, hence, your day 1 is essentially 
your revenue kickoff time, and that essentially is the context when we make a comment that 
we have a great opportunity and quite a few deals where we can realize the revenue at a 
much faster pace than you associate with a traditional deal kind of construct, purely because 
of the kind of digital work that involves without transition. And that is also the reason, in my 
view, which is leading to the fact that, when we talk about a digital transformation, you 
essentially have an end goal in mind. There’s an end vision; that’s what the customer defines 
along with us. But the journey is something we have to navigate together. And, when you start 
a journey of digital transformation, the scope at every milestone is not hard defined. It gets 
defined, it gets evolved as you start working towards that. That’s also the reason why the 
customer would like to start with T&M kind of a construct. But, as the scope gets clear and it 
sort of attains a degree of certainty in terms of both duration and quantum of work and the 
nature of work, then it tends to get converted into a fixed capacity or a fixed price kind of a 
model. So, I thought I’ll just sort of correlate to the first aspect of it in terms of why it starts in 
a short deal and then it ends up being a large engagement, and also the kind of contract that 
it involves throughout that journey.  
 
Vinit Teredesai: 
And, the other thing is, for us, both fixed price and T&M, we need to do a balancing act 
between both of them. Fixed price engagements help us in terms of getting some good margin 
leverage. While on the other hand, the T&M helps us in terms of – while it does help also on 
the margin, but what is important is it also helps us on the cash flow part of it. So, we’ll like to 
strike a good balance between both, which will help our business in terms of growing.  
 
Abhishek: 
That is helpful. If I can ask a follow-up to Venu. If I look at the transaction price data that 
you’ve shared, that number as a percentage of exit revenue, it’s almost doubled now. It’s 
almost 52% versus 29% at the end of Q4FY21. Does that mean that our visibility is 
substantially better, at least for the next 12 months? That is one. And second, Vinit, so 
conversely, we have been able to maintain margins despite a drop in FPP. Would that mean 
that, once these short contracts become FPP, when you highlight it, that gives you an 
additional lever for margins for FY23? 
 
Venu Lambu: 
On the first question, with regard to long term visibility, it’s very difficult to comment or give 
any steer on that for something which is 3-4 quarters down the line. But our endeavor is, one 
- how can we increase our book to bill ratio, how can we increase faster revenue realization 
against the order that gets booked, especially in the context that in the near term, we have a 
healthy pipeline. So, that should give you a color in terms of how we see it in the near term. 
But, anything 12 months, I guess, it’s very difficult to comment or predict. 
 
Vinit Teredesai: 
See, in theory yes, fixed price contracts, as I said, does help us in terms of getting some 
margin leverage, but it all depends upon when and what time it comes in. But, in theory yes, 
what you’re saying is right. Your assumption is right.  
 

© Mindtree Limited 2022 
17 
 
 
Abhishek: 
Thank you for taking my questions. Best wishes.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  We’ll take the last question from Apurva Prasad. 
 
Apurva Prasad: 
Good evening. I hope I’m audible.  
 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
 
Apurva Prasad: 
Thanks. So, DC and Venu, you touched upon this part. But I just, sort of, wanted to get your 
thoughts on the short cycle deals, especially in the economic uncertainly environment. Do 
you see a bigger impact on the discretionary side of the spend, particularly on the customer 
success area? And, a part of this is probably going to get reflected in the TCV. It looks like 
the correlation is not as strong as earlier. So, do you see that correlation between TCV and 
growth breaking because of the short cycle deals?  
 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Let me take a stab at it. As Venu explained, when you go on a journey of digital transformation, 
there will be short cycle deals, but you eventually work with the client and the client has a 
vision and you cannot leave it halfway. What happens in a typical TCV deal is - sign up as a 
managed services for 3-5 years, and you have a visibility in terms of what is the revenue that 
can come. But, in a typical short cycle deal, once you are chosen as a digital partner for the 
client in terms of their digital transformation, you may be seeing the short cycle deals. But if 
you add 2-3 years of work that we do, it kind of translates to kind of a TCV which you did not 
have a view of earlier, but you have a view over a period of time. So, that’s one thing which 
we need to keep in mind. And we watch this space very closely, and we are working with our 
clients also very closely. So, if there are scenarios where things do change, I think things may 
slow down a little bit, but that also might help in terms of getting some managed services 
constructs. Because clients may be again getting into the cost pressure. So, I guess what 
Venu was articulating and what we watch very closely, is that we need to play in both the 
areas. One is, how do you help in terms of making client maximize their revenues by 
participating in some of the transformation deals. And at the same time, we also need to keep 
an eye in terms of, can you participate in more managed services constructs which may be 
more tenured, maybe multi-year opportunities, but which will also be an efficiency play for the 
client. We are capable of playing in both these areas and that’s where we want to leverage 
and that’s where we need to make sure that we balance it out clearly. Does that answer your 
question? 
 
Apurva Prasad: 
Yeah, that’s helpful DC. And just finally, you spoke about the full-stack accounts building, 
focusing on that, and the product development expanding to enterprise IT scope. Any metrics 
that you can share around this and how this is progressing? And finally, on the top 6 to 10 
client bucket declines, how should we read that?  
 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Well, the first thing is, as far as our strategy is concerned, we have very clearly laid out that 
we want to restrict ourselves to a focused set of clients and do more cross-sell and upsell. I 

© Mindtree Limited 2022 
18 
 
 
think, that is reflected in the fact that 90% of our revenues, 1.2 billion out of overall 1.41 billion, 
has come from Focus 100 accounts. Which means that, our mining strategy, cross-selling 
and upselling, all these things are working well, and we’ll continue to rationalize the long tail 
as we go along. What was your second question, Apurva?  
 
Apurva Prasad: 
6 to 10, DC. 
 
Debashish Chatterjee: 
We can say 6 to 10, we can say 2 to 10, but I would say, let’s look at overall 2 to 10 or look 
at 2 to 20. Take the top 20 accounts, excluding the top account. That grew year-on-year 
40.5% vis-à-vis Mindtree’s overall growth of 33%. Which again means that, if the 2 to 20 
accounts have grown 40%, then the account mining is working. The 2 to 10 grew around 34% 
year-on-year which is again higher than 33%. So, if I just look at the top accounts, and leave 
aside the top account, our endeavor is to make sure that the next set of accounts grow faster 
than the top account, and grows faster than the overall company average, which is what is 
working out fairly well. And again, the client concentration also has come down. I think the top 
account now is 25%, which was around 28-29% a year back.  
 
Apurva Prasad: 
Alright, thanks for that and all the best!  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference back to Mr. Vinay Kalingara. 
 
Vinay Kalingara: 
On behalf of the management, thank you all for joining this call and for your continued support. 
You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Mindtree Ltd, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now exit the call.  
