 
 
  
CSO & Corporate Ofﬁce: 
6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, 
MIDC, Andheri (E) Mumbai-400 093. 
T: (022) 4000 3600 
F: (022) 3935 7699 
Regd Ofﬁce: 
G-1, Ackruti Trade Centre, 
MIDC, Road No-7, Andheri (E), 
Mumbai - 400 093.  
T: (022) 6807 0100 
F: (022) 6807 0107 
E: support@angelone.in 
www.angelone.in 
Angel One Limited 
(Formerly Known as Angel Broking Limited) 
CIN:  L67120MH1996PLC101709, 
SEBI Registration No Stock Broker: 
INZ000161534, CDSL: IN-DP-384-2018, PMS: 
INP000001546, Research Analyst: 
INH000000164, Investment Advisor: 
INA000008172, AMFI Regn. No. ARN–77404,  
PFRDA, Regn. No.-19092018. 
 To, 
    Listing Department 
    National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Service  
BSE Limited 
    Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block,  
    Bandra Kurla Complex,  
    Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
 
    Symbol: ANGELONE 
Scrip Code: 543235  
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Subject: Filing of the transcript of earnings call with analysts and investors under 
Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Further to our intimation on April 04, 2022, intimating of the earnings call with analysts 
and investors to be hosted by the Company on April 21, 2022, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of the said earnings call for your reference and records. 
 
The transcript of the earnings call will be posted on the Company’s website at 
www.angelone.in. 
 
You are requested to take note of the same 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Angel One Limited 
(Formerly Known as Angel Broking Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Naheed Patel 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership no. A22506 
 
Date: April 25, 2022 
Place: Mumbai 
 
 
 
PATEL 
NAHEED 
REHAN
Digitally signed by PATEL NAHEED 
REHAN 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
postalCode=400059, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=333b54bd95a7b4b72
066364d67a6162749f8eacabfc41325
38e641ebee970e18, cn=PATEL 
NAHEED REHAN 
Date: 2022.04.25 19:53:14 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 47 
 
 
Angel One Limited 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
 
 
                                                              
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Dinesh Thakkar 
Chairman & Managing Director 
Narayan Gangadhar 
Chief Executive Officer 
Vineet Agrawal 
Chief Financial Officer 
Jyotiswarup Raiturkar 
Chief Technology Officer 
Ankit Rastogi 
Chief Product Officer 
Prabhakar Tiwari 
Chief Growth Officer 
Ketan Shah 
Chief Strategy Officer 
Dr. Pravin Bathe 
Chief Legal & Compliance 
Officer 
Subhash Menon 
Chief Human Resources 
Officer 
Bhavin Parekh 
Head of Operations, Risk & 
Surveillance 
Devender Kumar 
Head of Online Revenues 
Hitul Gutka 
Head of Investor Relations 
 
Disclaimer: This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been included / omitted due to 
human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all information should be verified with the company by the 
reader. 
 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 47 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentleman, good day, and welcome to the Q4 FY2022 
Earnings Conference Call of Angel One Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and 
expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and 
involve risk and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hitul Gutka. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Hitul Gutka: 
Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Angel One Limited, I would 
like to welcome all of you to our Q4 FY2022 earnings call. I am Hitul 
Gutka Head of Investor Relations at Angel One. Today we have on 
the call, Mr. Dinesh Thakkar, Chairman Managing Director; Narayan 
Gangadhar, Chief Executive Officer; Vineet Agrawal, Chief Financial 
Officer; Jyotiswarup Raiturkar, Chief Technology Officer; Ankit 
Rastogi, Chief Product Officer; Prabhakar Tiwari, Chief Growth 
Officer; Ketan Shah, Chief Strategy Officer, Dr. Pravin Bathe, Chief 
Legal and Compliance Officer; Subhash Menon, Chief Human 
Resources Officer; Bhavin Parekh, Head of Operations, Risk and 
Surveillance; Devender Kumar, Head of Online Revenue, SGA our 
IR Consultants. 
We have published a detailed investor presentation and issued a 
press release to the stock exchanges, highlighting our performance 
for quarter four and for the full year 2022, I hope you had a chance 
to look at it. 
With this brief introduction I now invite Dinesh Thakkar to give an 
opening remarks. Over to you, sir.  
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Thank you, Hitul. Good morning, everyone. The recently concluded 
financial year 2022 have been a landmark year for the broking 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 47 
industry. As of March this year, the country had nearly 90 million 
demat accounts, representing about 18% of CAGR over the past 20 
years despite multiple headwinds on the way. Most of this growth 
has come over the past five years, during which industry has grown 
at approximately 30% of CAGR. This has been a result of massive 
changes in ecosystem, along with significant reforms within the 
industry, both from regulators, as well as the participants. 
Leading the macro transformation within the ecosystem have been a 
completely overhauled internet infrastructure, access to affordable 
smart and feature phones, lower data charges, rising financial 
literacy, expanding income levels, the digitization of various 
services, and the burgeoning desire from the younger generation to 
own equities as an asset class. 
The emergence of FinTech players, and the dynamic changes they 
brought to the economy were largely responsible for the rapid 
transformation of financial landscapes. These players leverage their 
digital prowess and capacity to innovate, for innovation to build app 
that would expand their reach and enable them to seamlessly offer a 
wide variety of financial products to significantly large and different 
market. Coupled with this, a plethora of recent regulation and the 
development of large digital repositories ensured the safekeeping of 
personal data and motivated investors to upskill their awareness of 
financial products and actively pursue investments in Indian 
markets. 
The meteoric growth of broking industry in FY2022 set a new 
records in terms of investors participation. For example, India added 
nearly 35 million new demat account, representing year-on-year 
growth of around 63%. On an incremental basis, India opened 2.4 
times more demat accounts in FY2022, than FY2021. This led to a 
steady improvement in equity penetration, which today stands at 
about 6.4% compared to over 4% last year. However, even at this 
level, we are far behind our global peers. 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 47 
Furthermore, FY2022 have been the best year in terms of average 
daily turnover for entire industry. ADTO on NSE grew 2.6 times in 
FY2022 to INR 69 trillion from INR 27 trillion last year. This growth 
have been fueled by increasing retail participation. The share of the 
retail investor in cash segment of the NSE stood at 41% in FY2022 
compared to 33% in FY2016. Direct investments for retail investors 
in cash segment of NSE in FY2022 have been stronger with net 
inflows in 10 out of 11 months amounting to approximately INR 2 
trillion. This is nearly 2.5x of the inflows during the same period last 
year.  
All this reflects the changing behavior of retail investor in India. 
Today, they have a better understanding of significance of financial 
fitness. Unlike their older cohorts, the new age individual value the 
potential of the handsome returns from equity in spite of 
unpredictability of current global economy. With significantly reduced 
return on low-risk asset, equity are strongly emerging as a natural 
choice of sustainable investments. 
The United Kingdom had a similar experience between 1982 and 
1992, when inflation and interest rate fell by 40% to 50%. During this 
period, the percentage of households investing in stocks and shares 
increased three-fold to 25%. This phenomenon is being replicated in 
India and over the next decade, I expect we will achieve 25% to 
30% penetration. With all industry statistics progressively leaning 
towards new age digital businesses, a significant segment of the 
businesses, including incremental clients and volumes is turning to 
those innovation driven intermediaries. 
The cornerstone of growth in the investment domain is pioneering 
technology, accompanied by reliable and relatable content that can 
be seamlessly integrated by new users who account for a large slice 
of market pie, both in terms of demat account and active clients. We 
are already witnessing this trend as the top five digital brokers today 
account for approximately 58% of the total active client on the NSE 
compared to approximately 12% in FY2018. These digital 
businesses accounted for about 70% of the market share of 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 47 
incremental active client on NSE in FY2022, compared to 24% in 
FY2018. 
Angel has been able to garner a fair share of this tech led growth to 
its digital business in the past few years. Our endeavor to offer our 
clients the best investing experience is reaping rich dividend as 
evidenced by our continuously improving operational performance 
over the past few quarters. 
I'm happy to share with you that Angel One commands 10 plus 
market share of India's total, as well as active demat accounts. Our 
emphasis on deploying advanced analytical capabilities based on 
data science, artificial intelligence, and machine learning across our 
acquisition and engagement engines is helping us to continuously 
improve our market share. This focused approach has helped us 
sustain superior operating and financial metrics. We are clearly 
experiencing and expecting sustained operating leverage benefit of 
our digital models with a stable payback metrics. 
Going forward as we commence the journey of rolling out our super 
app in phases, starting this quarter, we are creating intuitive grids to 
offer more products and significantly improve the dimension of time 
and monetary value of our clients. I am happy to share with you that 
the Board has in aggregate approved the distribution of over 37% of 
quarter’s consolidated post tax profit as a combination of interim and 
final dividend to shareholders. The fourth interim dividend 
announced early April was distributed earlier this week. Whilst 
record date for the final dividend has already been communicated to 
shareholders via our stock exchange notification. 
I now request Narayan to brief you on operational aspects of the 
business. 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Thank you, Dinesh. Thank you all for joining us today. I will now walk 
you through the operational performance and recent developments.  
Our industry continues to report healthy growth, despite some macro 
deterrents due to ongoing political tensions, inflationary pressures, 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 47 
etc. This character only goes to demonstrate the resilience of our 
industry. I'm delighted to mention that we have reported our best 
ever performance during the quarter. 
We have reported our highest gross client acquisition of nearly 1.5 
million, total client base of over 9.2 million, 10.3% market share in 
demat accounts, the NSE active client base of nearly 3.7 million, 
10.1% share -- market share in NSE active clients, average daily 
turnover of 8.6 trillion, and nearly 211 million orders. 
In entire FY2022, we added 5.3 million clients, which is 2.2 times 
more than FY2021 and 1.3 times more than what Angel added over 
the last 24 years. 
As we keep adding more clients from all geographies our presence 
remains strong, covering 98% pin codes. And more importantly, with 
client concentration of less than 0.5% in any given pin code.  
We strongly believe there are tremendous opportunities in each of 
these pockets, and we will play significant role in nurturing them. Our 
client-centric approach continues to dominate our product offerings 
that provide superior journey, thus improving the overall experience. 
A reflection of this is also visible from the fact that our lifetime app 
downloads were higher by 19% sequentially to nearly 22 million and 
our ranking in incremental active clients on NSE during the last 
couple of months improved to second, outsmarting some aggressive 
all around competition. 
On the tech front, we continue with our ruggedization efforts, 
applying surgical fixes, setting up monitoring, alerting for key 
engineering services. This gives us ability to monitor behavior and 
respond to incidents before the incidents impact our clients. We 
have improved our overall SLA to 99.8% and with further 
improvements through the year, we will be hitting four nines, 99.99% 
within the coming year. 
We have embarked also on a journey to unbox a lot of systems. For 
example, the back-office system, which essentially handles post 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 47 
trade flows. Through this, our clients will have access to a vast 
amount of data in real time basis. First impression of this will be 
available in the initial version of the super app. Our data science 
engines feed-off of this data to curate insights for clients ranging 
from advisory to instrument recommendations, to nudges. 
We are in the penultimate phase of our new mobile app, the 
forerunner to our much-awaited super app. This app is now code 
complete and in advanced beta, and validation phase. We will be 
soon ready to deliver the first look in this quarter. This app will see 
multiple layers being laid in a very planned and systematic manner 
for different product offerings to complete the journey of the super 
app.  
During the quarter there were three major releases that were made 
public to a closed group of users to download the super app, 
explore/trade and also provide feedback. The last release, which 
was done in March significantly exceeds the features on our current 
mobile 
application. 
This 
version 
will 
not 
only 
incorporate 
personalized financial journeys for a whole spectrum of our 
personas, but will also refurbish our backend services to support it. 
The release candidate will be available across all three platforms, 
Android, iOS, and web. Since this is a completely new experience 
for Indian FinTech consumer, we will be deliberate about the dialup 
experience of all the clients. We have a migration plan in place to 
ensure our clients get seamless congruous experience during the 
impending transition. 
As an expansion of our tech capacity and infra, we are building a 
new state of the art data center and global disaster recovery 
capabilities. We continue to build the tech team on principles of 
engineering excellence, speed, collaboration, intrapreneurship, and 
obsession with customer metrics. 
We further expanded our talent pool this quarter with like of hires 
from top tech companies across the world like Amazon, Uber and 
Walmart Labs. 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 47 
On the product side, our focus has been on streamlining our 
developments and making changes to meet future compliance 
norms. We have undertaken some very key improvements to our 
KYC journey like allowing clients to choose between monthly and 
quarterly settlement of funds, providing them as an option to add a 
nominee during their KYC journey, smoothing the process flow to 
enable seamless reactivation journeys. On the trade execution front, 
our product team improved the process and enhanced UI for 
delivery trades, which led to 50% reduction in order rejection for that 
segment. We dynamically also worked on placement of various 
product banners, which led to high visibility. 
We integrated new live market trigger through our smart API, thus 
providing greater stability and performance in our app. As a part of 
our focused effort to provide our clients with wholesome suite of 
products, we have successfully included the much sought of direct 
mutual fund product on the distribution business. This went live last 
weekend on our Angel BEE app. Over the last few quarters, we 
continue to emphasize on building a holistic ecosystem to empower 
our clients, to invest via this channel. This will effectively lead to 
expanding the lifetime relationship with our clients. We continue to 
witness a jump in our net promoter score by 80% in Q4 FY2022, 
over Q3 FY2022. This was a result of vital tech and product 
improvements carried out in various parts of our product. 
Onboarding some of the best tech and digital talent over the last few 
quarters has helped to achieve these enhancements and 
breakthroughs. This is a precursor to our overall client to attain 
market leadership over time. Human capital has always been at the 
core of our strategic plans. These are the assets who create and 
deliver superior experience to our clients, thus making our business 
robust, resilient and competitive. As a part of our efforts to keep 
them primed, motivated and aligned and aligning our compensation 
structure with best global practices, we have increased the portion of 
restricted stock units under the LTI Plan 2021, maintaining the 
overall annual limits as per the approvals received for the plan. 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 47 
Vineet will be explaining the details during his opening remarks, this 
upfront disclosure is in line with our effort to follow best practices 
and transparency with all our stakeholders. 
With this, I now request Vineet Agrawal, our CFO to brief you on the 
financial performance of the company. Thank you over to you, 
Vineet. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Vineet Agrawal. Please go ahead. 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Thank you, Narayan. Good morning, everyone. I will take you 
through the financial snapshot for the quarter gone by. As 
mentioned by Dinesh bhai and Narayan earlier, Angel continued to 
deliver a remarkable performance on all operating parameters for 
yet another quarter, which also translated into strong financial 
results. 
Coming straight to the financial performance, quarter four of 
financial year 2022 has been our historic best. Our gross revenues 
increased by nearly 13% quarter-on-quarter to INR 6.9 billion. Key 
drivers of the growth of gross revenues were the gross broking 
revenue grew by approximately 15% quarter-on-quarter to INR 4.8 
billion, this accounted for approximately 69% of our gross revenues. 
Interest income, which includes interest on our client funding book 
and interest earned from deposits with exchanges, grew by 
approximately 8% quarter-on-quarter to INR 1 billion. This 
accounted for 16% of our gross revenues. The ancillary transaction 
income, which is linked to the turnover of our clients accounted for 
8% of our total gross revenues, registering a healthy growth of 63% 
quarter-on-quarter to INR 581 million. Depository income, which 
contributed 4% to the total gross income, registered a decline of 9% 
quarter-on-quarter. This was due to muted activity in the cash 
delivery segment. Income from distribution of third-party products, 
which accounted for 1% of our gross revenues, also decline by 31% 
sequentially due to fewer IPOs. 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 47 
Our gross broking revenues, further split as follows share of F&O 
segment increased to 78% during quarter four of financial year 
2022, while contribution of cash segment came down marginally to 
18%. Share of commodity and currency segments remain flat at 4% 
and 1%, respectively. The average revenue per client for the quarter 
was INR 513. This was primarily due to a higher share of new to 
market clients, which were at about 85% of our gross acquisitions for 
the quarter. 
Basis as experienced, these clients initial are low revenue accretive, 
but stabilize in prime in activity with time. This is a secular trend and 
is not something to worry about, as we expand our base and market 
share, keeping our margins in line. Our net broking revenue from 
less than two-year old clients on our platform continue to remain 
robust at 76% in quarter four of financial year 2022. 
This is driven by the multifold increase in our client base over the 
last two years. The net broking revenue on the flat fee plan 
continued to witness very strong moment, contributing a significant 
85% of our overall net broking revenue. Share of total net income 
from our flat fee clients to the consolidated total net income grew 
nearly two-fold to 83% in quarter four of financial year 2022 from 
43% in Q4 of financial year 2020. 
Our consistent efforts to refine our acquisition engines contributed to 
higher client addition, whilst maintaining the payback metric of our 
cost of acquisition within two quarters intact. These efforts translated 
to a very healthy 55% operating margin for the quarter.  
Keeping the pedal on the accelerator, we will continue our plans to 
increase our spendings on acquiring more clients across all 
geographies, focusing on syncing cohorts, as prescribed by our 
various data points, amping up our brand awareness, building the 
momentum for our new app, building the best talent pool for scaling 
new levels of growth, which will also include globally competitive 
compensation packages, both in cash and non-cash. 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 47 
Narayan, earlier explained the rationale behind our ESOP mix. The 
higher proportion of restricted stock options being offered to a larger 
and crucial set of employees will further create a very strong sense 
of ownership, and as we often call their skin in the game. As per our 
estimates, this will lead to an incremental annual cost of 
approximately INR 600 million for each of the four years of vesting of 
the RSUs. While this will lead to an increase in the employee costs, 
however it should result in a more than commissary growth in all our 
business metrics over time. 
Under the extant accounting standards, such debits to the P&L on 
account of grant of stock options being non-cash in nature do not 
impact the net worth or our ability to distribute dividends. Attractive 
stock options continue to be an important vehicle of long term 
investments in the business to retain quality talent, and build a 
sustainable growing and competitive organization. Coupled with this, 
there will also be some regular salary increases in our employee 
cost for the next year. 
Our consolidated profit after tax from continuing operations in 
quarter four of financial year 2022 grew by more than 24% quarter-
on-quarter to over INR 2 billion, once again, our highest ever for any 
quarter to date. Consolidated earnings per share grew to a robust 
INR 24.7 per equity share on quarterly basis. 
Coming to the full performance, which is also our historic best, our 
consolidated gross revenues grew by 77.5% year-on-year to INR 23 
billion. Our consolidated earnings before depreciation, amortization 
and tax grew by 99% year-on-year to INR 8.6 billion. This translates 
into about 51% margin, which is at the upper end of our guided 
range. 
Our consolidated profit after tax from continuing operations grew by 
nearly 110% year-on-year to about INR 6.3 billion. Our resultant 
annual earnings per share was INR 75.8. 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 47 
During the year, we have recommended and paid over INR 2.2 
billion towards dividends spread over four quarterly interims and a 
final.  
On the balance sheet side, the cash and cash equivalent increased 
to approximately INR 49 billion largely due to increase in client 
funds. The period ending client funding book was about INR 17 
billion, whereas borrowing stood at about INR 13 billion, 
enhancements in tech capabilities led to a marginal increase in fixed 
assets to INR 1.6 billion as of March ‘22, from INR 1.2 billion as of 
March ‘21. Our net worth increased to approximately INR 16 billion 
as of March 2022. Robust profitability, along with efficient capital 
utilization led to a significant improvement in average return on 
equity to 46%. 
With this, I conclude the presentation and open the floor for further 
discussion. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer 
session. First question is from the line of Anshuman Deb from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Anshuman Deb: 
Yes. Hi, good morning, sir and thanks for your opportunity. So my 
question was regarding the nature of -- some of the growth that you 
have seen in terms of clients as well as orders. So if you could give 
a breakup of -- what percentage of contracts in options, normally are 
in long versus short, to give an idea that how much of people maybe 
in the money and out of the money, because that could decide kind 
of their persistency in terms of their trading behavior? So that is 
question number one. And the question number two, is that, based 
on our algo or recommendations that we give, we have had a certain 
kind of outperformance, as you have mentioned in the past. So what 
percentage of trade are done based on those algo and 
recommendations and what percentage are without that? So these 
are the two questions. Thank you. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Thank you very much. Narayan would you like to take this? 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 47 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Dinesh, you can start, I can take it afterwards. Go ahead. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes. See Anshuman, like in retail, nature of this business is such 
that people who come to buy options, or trade in, I would say, future 
and option, they tend to have a kind of lower ticket size and, they 
are very risk averse. They're not very risk takers. They're not very 
knowledgeable people do write options. So mostly nature of the 
business is that they will buy options, and mostly to be somewhere 
near the strike price and tenure of like duration of this holdings 
option is not more than a day or two. So that is how actually this 
whole retail market functions. Narayan, if you want to add on this 
algo and all that? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Yes. So just to add to what Dinesh said, Anshuman basically see, if 
you look at our platform, we have covered sophisticated techniques 
to help people figure out what option strategies to select. And as you 
know, there is a wide range of options available here, ranging from 
better strike selection, faster entry exits, better position sizing, better 
orders and other breeds. So all these option underwriting strategies, 
we have kind of simplified them and represented them in our insta 
trade product. So, using that product, we let customers essentially 
game out their risk and figure out what is the best option strategy to 
pursue for their risk appetite at that point in time. 
Now beyond this, whether -- how many options are in the money 
and out of the money, those kind of details we don't really provide, 
because that's kind of not very relevant to the product offer that we 
offer, but our whole business is to give platform capabilities to help 
customers pick the best strategy to maximize their leverage based 
on their risk appetite. 
Anshuman Deb: 
Understood, sir. Understood. So, basically, because of the -- so you 
are saying that there are mitigation and close to trade strategies that 
are being done to kind of make them more educated in their efforts. 
Narayan Gangadhar:   That is correct. 
Anshuman Deb: 
Yes, I'll get back in the queue. Thank you. 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 47 
Narayan Gangadhar:   Thank you. Thank you, Anshuman. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kartik Sahni from 
Myriad Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Kartik Sahni: 
Hi, sir. First of all kudos on the Q4 numbers. So my question would 
be around your expansion of the talent pool. You said that you have 
hired employees from Amazon and Ola, but when I check your PPT, 
the employee base has actually gone down. So if you can just help 
me with that? 
Narayan Gangadhar: Yes, great question. So see what we have -- our strategy as we 
have communicated in the past is in continuing to scale our digital 
workforce. And as we scale our digital workforce what's happened is 
that we have changed the composition, the mix of people that we 
are bringing in the company. See Angel is at its core, we are a 
fundamentally engineering driven shop. Okay. So our entire 
business, when you look at our -- when you look at the products we 
offer, when you look at the kind of offerings we bring to the market, 
the kind of future bets we are taking, all of those are driven by the 
product and engineering DNA. 
Now this engineering is taking place in various aspects of our 
business. There it's taking place in technology in finance, it's taking 
place in sales and marketing, and it's taking place in revenue and 
many, many other functions along with core engineering and 
product. So what you are seeing here is that the shape of the pie is 
changing. So we are hiding more, for example, in Jyoti’s team and 
that's where -- Jyoti is our CTO. He's also on the call and we are 
growing there by bringing top talent to help us automate and build 
newer age systems, which will allow us to scale. Jyoti do you want to 
add a few things here to give them an idea of what kind of talent we 
are looking at?  
Jyotiswarup Raiturkar: Yes. Hello, hello Kartik. So we are basically looking at people, who 
are force multipliers, right. So in our industry, there are what we call 
10x engineers. Basically the few engineers who can produce the 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 47 
10x of the output of other normal engineers. So we actively look at 
and go after such engineers. So that is why we have got them from 
places like Amazon and Uber, and this -- so we can get much more 
with a very, very skillful workforce. Hope that answers the question. 
Kartik Sahni: 
Yes. Yes. And just one more question that would be around your 
average revenue per client. So I see that it has been going down 
and your market share in the active NSE client has going up. So can 
I assume that these are new to market customers that have been 
targeted or, I mean, if you can just, help me with this also? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Yes. So as Dinesh bhai has address this question many times, so I 
would also just -- I'll just add on to this. This has been addressed in 
our earnings call also. See what's happening is that we are 
attracting a lot of new people to the market that is testament to the 
product we are building. And the fact that we are penetrating 
through our marketing strategies and areas, which historically have 
been underpenetrated. So as more and more newer people come to 
the market, what's happening is that because they are new, they are 
-- there is a gestation period, where it takes them time to get to know 
the system, learn and such. So overall, if you look at the average 
revenue, yes, it's kind of stabilizing. I wouldn't say it's declining, it's 
stabilizing to the point where we believe that with further 
improvements to come, there is a extension in the lifetime value of 
our clients, because these clients we are acquiring now, they're 
hardly 25 to 29 years old. So there is a much longer time horizon 
over which we can train and cultivate this cohort base. So that's how 
we look at our overall business relative to both active clients, as well 
as, our -- the net revenue realized. 
Kartik Sahni: 
Got it. And with this super app, I just wanted to ask that your other 
two apps, will this be integrated? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Yes, that is correct. We will be integrating all the experiences and 
eventually retiring the other two applications. Yes. 
Kartik Sahni: 
Okay, thank you so much. All the best. 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 47 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from 
Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes. Hi, team. Congratulations for a great set of numbers. A few 
questions from my side, firstly, Dinesh bhai, you spoke about the 
penetration levels in the country has been low, but if I look at the last 
six months data, the incremental demat accounts that are being 
opened every month has been declining, increment NSE active 
clients that are getting added has been declining. So is there 
anything to read out there as to, are we entering a phase where we 
possibly take a breather and then possibly in next round of growth 
we might come through? So first thought would be there. First 
question will be that. Secondly, with regards to the launch of super 
app and a kind of cost associated related to it, we've seen the cost 
to income ratio really come off in this quarter at around 45% odd 
level, do you think that is a sustainable level and with the kind of 
marketing that would be needed towards super app or investments 
in terms of technology. And you also mentioned the ESOP cost that 
will come in. So what kind of cost to income ratio we should think 
about? And my last question will be on the -- if I look at your revenue 
per order, both in F&O and the cash segment, that has been 
declining, and I understand it will because of the mix between the 
associated person in the business and the flat fee model, but do you 
see this kind of stabilizing now and no further reduction possible? 
That would be my three questions. Thanks. 
Narayan Gangadhar:   Okay. So you've asked three questions, so let me collate the 
answers and one by one we will address them. Okay. So I'll also 
loop in, Dinesh bhai where needed. So, okay, let's first take the meta 
question that you asked, about what Dinesh talked about in his 
opening monologue. See, we all know that the market is seriously 
under penetrated. I think that's a very well understood fact. It's 
barely at 4% to 5%. And so clearly as more and more and more 
customers come to the market, there is obviously going to be a 
learning curve for the whole industry, not just for any broker it's for 
the whole industry, it's going through this collective learning phase.  

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 47 
Now in this collective learning phase, the type of products, the type 
of journeys that these customers want, that is what Angel is paying 
attention to. See, we are not so particularly razor focused on getting 
the -- on squeezing the last rupee out of the client, as much as we 
are interested in understanding what is the journey that they care 
about, because it is ultimately that journey which will lead to greater 
rewards and greater investment behavior. So if you look at our 
strategy, it has never been around -- it has never been a -- what you 
the better way to put it, it is never been focused around just a rupee 
optimization, if you will. It's mostly focused on build the right journey, 
understand what is it that this new cohort base cares about, what 
kind of investment patterns make sense for them, and then build the 
right experience on top. 
So obviously in that evolution, which we have started over the last 
two, three years, you will see that our net orders is actually going up 
and it's going up across all the cohort bases. Now, if you go one 
step further and look at what kind of better experiences we want to 
produce, even our new features such as insta trade or option 
simplified, they are resonating with this new age customer, because 
this new age customer wants that inherent simplicity in the product. 
So our strategy is going to be around discovering those experiences 
and building those experiences based on machine learning and AI. 
And that is one of the biggest differentiators for Angel from 
everybody else in the competition. This is one thing we are doing 
much better and very differently. 
Now, your second question, sorry, you have asked three questions, 
so I'll try to go step by step. So your second one is about the cost to 
income ratio. I will have Vineet take this, but just to give you just a 
broader business sense on it. See, ultimately once the super app 
gets live, there is going to be an investment in call to action, in 
getting people to adopt the app and most people to kind of onboard 
their journeys, their existing journeys onto it. So clearly there is a 
cost, but all of this is factored into our net operating plan. So I will 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 47 
have Vineet just give a sense on the income numbers. So Vineet, 
can you cover that? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Sure. So, Prayesh, what happens is that we've -- historically, as you 
see, we have been improving our cost to income ratio over the last 
few quarters ever since we went digital, and that trend is going to 
continue. Now in some quarters, there might be some higher force, 
for some like, as I said, about the incremental salaries that we have 
given in the first -- from April itself. So those things will be there, but 
by and large, I think there will be -- the cost to income ratio will be 
improving, as we go along in our digital journey and definitely with 
the launch of the super app, this is going to improve going forward. 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Yes. So hopefully that answers your cost question. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just one more -- just one bit on the cost to income the ESOP cost 
that you mentioned is INR 60 crore per annum for the next four 
years. 
Vineet Agrawal: 
That's right. So, the stock -- RSUs that we have granted yesterday 
for those RSU and the ones which we expect to grant in the next few 
months for those the vesting period is four years and the cost is 
amortized over the four year period. So this is going to be the annual 
cost approximately. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Vineet, if I understand this correctly, generally this is on a declining 
way where the first year we have the bulk of the cost, then it reduces 
to the based on the vesting period. So -- and you are saying that it 
will be INR 60 crore per annum, so is it INR 240 crore amortized 
over four years and bulk would be the front end, and reducing going 
ahead? Or it will INR 60 crore per annum.  
Vineet Agrawal: 
This is based on the black scholes model. So every year we redo 
the model based on assumptions and tentatively, I've given you a 
INR 60 crore annual cost. That is going to be there. And this is, as I 
mentioned in the call -- in the earlier part of the call, this is a non-
cash, debit to the P&L. 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 47 
Prayesh Jain: 
And there is no such related ESOP cost in FY ‘22. This has been 
new, completely new. 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Yes. This covers mostly all the ESOP costs that is there. 
Prayesh Jain: 
FY ‘22, we had nothing. 
Vineet Agrawal: 
FY ‘22 we did have about INR15 crore or INR 16 crore. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Got that. And the last question was on the revenue per order. 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Yes. So, we don't actually -- we don't give macro level data like that.  
Prayesh Jain: 
If you can just compute the revenue in the F&O segment and the 
number of orders that you give, that number has been on a decline. 
And I understand it would be because of the mix between the AP 
business and the flat fee model. But do you think this will get 
normalized over the next -- and will not see any further decline or 
how do you see that happening? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Yes. So see, first of all, obviously the ratio is just a simple division is 
always misleading, right? Because it's looking at a very aggregate 
picture. Now, I think, the question that we are asking ourselves is 
what is the user behavior behind the -- what are the trends behind 
the numbers, which are leading to this transformation. Now, I do see 
the numbers stabilizing. There is no precedent for it to go any other 
way, except to stabilize over a period of time. But it's hard to tell 
whether it will take another two quarters or three quarters or a few 
years. But what we do know is that, as the overall traction on our 
products improve, the net gains will come largely based on new 
journeys that we built around F&O, around options trading and also 
other segments. So we are looking at the net picture, because that 
is a better indicator of what the market -- where the customers’ 
wants are ready. So that is a much bigger, question for us to answer 
rather than looking at a micro level trend that might be useful, but it's 
only useful in its own bubble, if you will. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. All right thank you. I will come back in the queue.  

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 47 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Akshay Ashok from Prabhudas 
Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Ashok: 
Yes. Hi, congratulations on a very good set of numbers. I just had a 
few questions, what are the steps you're taking to increase the client 
activation rate? And what is the activation rate now? Because I think 
the activation rate before was around 38% or 39%, because now 
that you have added so many clients, the next step would be to 
activate them, right. Because if markets start falling or there's a 
downturn, the best way to continue maintaining your gross broking 
revenues and everything would be, having a higher client activation 
rate. So what are the steps you guys are taking in that direction? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Yes, so we have our chief -- we have Devender Kumar, who runs 
revenue on the line. So I'll hand it over to him, but let me just add a 
few sentences first. So actually our activation numbers have been 
steadying strong as you guys know over the last almost 24 months 
now, especially this last year, we have seen a significant increase. 
Now what we believe is that through a combination of better referral 
schemes, through a combination of better first trade and the first 
onboarding journeys, we believe there is potential to actually apply 
data science and ML and take this activation to the next level. So I'll 
have Devender talk about, some of the key initiatives they're 
leading. 
Akshay Ashok: 
What is the client activation rate now? It was 37%, 38%, right? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Devender you want to take over? 
Devender Kumar: 
Yes. Hi everyone. 
Akshay Ashok: 
Hi. 
Devender Kumar:     
Yes. So, we don't disclose our activation ratio as such, but you can 
take a number of NSE active clients upon to the base, which will be 
coming over the new client addition is around 40% - 42%, but we 
don't disclose this number. On the answer that what are the steps 
that we are taking to increase the actual activation ratio. I think 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 47 
Narayan touched the chord rightly that we have taken a very data 
science oriented approach. Where we are creating different cohorts 
of clients, based on the kind of a profile that they're coming with and 
customizing the journey that they take in terms of getting the first 
investment done or figuring the first trade done.  
So that's the larger theme that we're following. And I think the 
imminent launch of a super app that is going to come through is 
going to take -- give us a very strong step in terms of giving this 
journey in a very seamless way as well, where we have projects like 
onboarding kit, where the first time trading, first time investment, or 
first time trade experience of the client is taken care of. The first time 
investment instruments and so and so forth. So what we are doing is 
basically looking at a mix of these two things, particularly where a 
cohort based approach and building new kind of instruments or not 
the instruments journeys for the clients and exposing the right 
products for the first timers, through which we are planning to go 
ahead with this. 
Akshay Ashok: 
So these are the things for first timers when they join your app, how 
long does it take for them to do a trade? 
Devender Kumar:     
So I think we don't know the information, but I think it ranges... 
Akshay Ashok: 
Okay. Sir...   
Narayan Gangadhar:  So usually I can, I'll just give you a high level idea. Generally with, as 
Dinesh has said this in the past, within about six months, we kind of 
break even. So mostly about more than half of our clients are active 
within the first year. Now, obviously within that we don't -- because 
of competitive reasons, we don't divulge any more info than that, but 
based on that you can put a good approximation on how effective 
our strategies are. 
Akshay Ashok: 
Okay. Yes. Final sir, this commodity market share gains are 
continuing to be very strong, what is the reason for that and this 
cash market share why, again, this slightly it has dipped because 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 47 
the peak margin norms I think have been implemented, right? And 
why is commodity market share gaining so quickly? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Commodity is clearly a testament to our substantial -- we are truly 
the market leader there based on our super excellent research and 
our excellent product. I mean, if you, yourself, haven't used the 
product, I would strongly encourage you actually try it out because 
you'll see it firsthand. The product is beautifully done. That's one of 
the main reasons we are -- and also combined with our super 
excellent research team, led by Amar Singh, and company, they 
have done a phenomenal job at seeding our position there. And 
regarding the other question, see those changes will happen as 
regulations keep changing. So those are ultimately, that playing field 
is going to get leveled with time and we don't see much advantage 
in those other things. 
Akshay Ashok: 
Okay. Sir, hearty congratulations. 
Narayan Gangadhar:   Thank you very much   
Ketan Shah: 
Narayan, if I can add, on this commodity market share. 
Narayan Gangadhar:   Yes, please Ketan.  
Ketan Shah: 
Myself Ketan Shah, so to answer this question on the commodity 
market share, which is growing. So if you look at the exchange 
volume somewhere the future volumes are stagnated at, 20,000 
25,000 crore a day. Recently the large growth is coming in the 
option market and we were kind of very early adopter and provider 
of options on the mobile platform to our customers. That's one of the 
major reason that, we see as a market share growing. Second 
important factor is that all of our customer has fungible limit. So 
when they have a margins with us across the segments, they can 
trade, they don't have to actually earmark their funds towards the 
segments, while in the industry that that is not available. These are 
the two large factors which are driving the market share higher. So, 
the option volume, while the future is at 20,000 crore to 25,000 
crore, option volume has grown to a level of roughly around 15,000 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 23 of 47 
crore a day. And that's where our market share is very high and at a 
blended level that's how we are reporting 40% plus market share. 
Akshay Ashok: 
Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thanks so much. That's it from me. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hitesh Gulati from 
Haitong Securities. Please go ahead. 
Hitesh Gulati: 
Yes. Thank you for giving me the opportunity. So just on your insta 
trade platform, wanted to understand the number of users that we 
have got, what is the user base of this? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Sorry, your -- Yes, insta trade, see, we don't give feature by feature 
breakdown of our monthly active or daily active users, but it's a 
pretty substantial portion, a good portion of our active clients. That's 
all we can say.   
Hitesh Gulati: 
Okay, sure, sir. Sir, just another question on stock options. So sir, if 
my understanding is correct currently, if the person on settlement 
date, if the long is in the money he has to take delivery compulsorily, 
is that understanding correct? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  So, Bhavin, can you answer this.  
Bhavin Parekh: 
Good morning, everyone, see basically in an option, if there is an in 
the money option that the customer is holding in case if the margin 
are sufficient from the customer, we allow the customer to take the 
delivery, but if the margins aren’t there, there is a margin call done to 
the customer, then accordingly actions are being taken. 
Hitesh Gulati: 
Okay. Okay. So thank you, sir. That's it from my side.   
Bhavin Parekh: 
Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next is from the line of Nilesh Jethani from BOI AXA 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on the great 
set of number. My first question was of course, on the active clients, 
when I see today, our active to total client number is anywhere in the 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 24 of 47 
range of 40%, but when I compared it to someone like Zerodha, it is 
north wards of 60%. So wanted to understand, why the divergence? 
One and second, what are we doing to drive this active? Because 
it's a number of trades, which will drive the top line growth for us. So 
wanted to understand what are we doing on this parameter? 
Narayan Gangadhar: So, first of all, we can't comment on our competitors activation ratio 
because those data is -- that data is highly subjective, your guess is 
as good as mine. Now -- but the bigger question really is that our 
activation numbers, as I said, is almost half, is almost 50%. And of 
course we don't get into too many details on how it's split and 
everything, but the key thing here is that many times our 
competitors, when they run incentive schemes, which are of the 
types of giving somebody a free ETF while opening an account and 
things like that. So when you do -- when you take existing customer 
acquisition strategies, such as giving out free ETFs, then by 
definition, if I open an account to redeem it I have to activate. So 
that is never a good indication of whether the activation is inherent 
activation, or it is just a forced function of revenue realization, which 
the client wants to get. 
So what we -- however, what we have seen is that in our case, the 
activation numbers, we are reporting, they are consistently going up 
and they've consistently gone up. It was in the -- just in the low 
thirties as early, as about two years ago. And now, as I told you, the 
numbers is significantly higher. So I see this numbers going further 
up as we continue to improve our data science and machine 
learning based journeys. And this is what Devender was hinting -- 
was talking about a few minutes ago where he talked about our 
approach in improving the first signing to trade experience, 
introducing better cohort selection and introducing better targeting 
for our clients to help them onboard and start their journeys. I think 
between these three steps, we have a very clear and winning 
strategy for driving the number up over a period of time. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Got it. And in the new app, the super app is that helping us to drive 
the activation rate, when it comes for the broking business? 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 25 of 47 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Yes. So the data is -- because the super app, it's been in the works 
and now we are getting obviously a lot of early feedback. Yes, the 
trend is going in that direction, but I need one more quarter worth of 
data before I can affirmatively answer that question. But right now 
it's looking like, it's obviously trending up because we have run 
numerous studies, but as we launch it further and scale further, I'll 
have a more measured answer for you. But right now off the cuff 
answer based on what we have seen so far is yes. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Got it, sir. Those were my questions and thank you so much for 
replying to each one of them. Thank you so much. 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hiten Jain from 
Invesco. Please go ahead. 
Hiten Jain: 
Thanks. So I have a couple of questions. So first is, so I remember 
Narayan joining the company one year back, was the first work 
anniversary I think this month itself. And so I remember that, you 
were quite keen on the super app investment and your work through 
and it is good to see that it's seeing -- it's coming to -- it's becoming 
live in beta mode. So I just wanted to understand, so obviously this 
year was an investment year for your super app and how should we 
look about the investments next year in this? And earlier, in one of 
the earlier question you spoke about the incremental costs that you 
will incur to get clients on super app. But just thinking about it, it’s 
just the migration of the existing clients from your existing app to 
super app, and it's a normal, client acquisition cost that you any 
which ways have every year. So I'm just wondering, how is this cost 
different to acquire customer on super app? That's question number 
one. And second is obviously, how should we think about 
investments next year and even the sustainable margins that you 
have in mind? And then I have a second question after that. 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Great. Thank you. Thank you for asking the question. So see, first of 
all, as you know, once the super app, as the super app gets baked 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 26 of 47 
and more and more people transition to the super app, there is 
always going to be a long tail of customers who are going to take 
some time to migrate over. Now this journey, this migration that we 
are going be -- that we are talking about here is going to be one of 
the largest migrations in India. And in fact, one of the largest in the 
globe, because we are talking about a wholesale move of more than 
9 million clients to the new app. So clearly there is a -- there will be a 
cost associated with it. Now we have actually factored in all those 
costs and built the right kind of tooling and infrastructure far ahead 
of time to ready ourself for this, upcoming switch. And this switch is 
going to be collectively excellent for our business and great for our 
client, great for our clients, because they get a better journey and 
better experience. 
So from a cost perspective, from an engineering and product 
perspective, there is no much, Delta, as you rightly indicated, 
because that cost is already baked in. And it was baked in from the 
day I joined the company. That's what we have been doing for the 
last four quarters. But now there is another cost. The cost is, see if 
you look at our strategy, we have not really played big in our brand 
space. We are -- we have kept our heads hunkered down and just 
exclusively focused on building the right product. But now that we 
have built this kickass product, we want to now get it to the masses, 
which means we need to start investing more in increasing our 
brand visibility throughout our industry, throughout our -- with our 
clients. And this is something that this year is going to be a big 
investment for us. Big in the sense it's going to be more than what 
we have done in the past. We want to get out there. We want to tell 
the message, get more clients onto the system. 
So that's one of the key bet this year, and then subsequent years, 
see we firmly believe that our next wave of growth will come from 
risk and ops 
. The person that -- the team that figures out a scalable way to 
unlock the value in automating these systems can innovate much, 
much faster for the customer. So I look at the next two years as a 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 27 of 47 
start of that journey, where we are going to take a look at our 
existing risk systems, our existing processes, our existing back office 
systems, our existing customer experience journeys, and automate, 
and bring that to the next level. And that is where the next few years 
of spend will go. And that's largely driven by engineering and 
product. 
So hopefully that gives you a sense of what's coming immediately. 
And then what's coming in -- let's say in a year from now.  
Hiten Jain: 
Yes. I understand. Just to follow up on that, see one of your 
aspiration is to become the largest broker, of the country. And today 
the largest broker has not relied on marketing. He has relied on his 
product, word of mouth, but you seem to be taking a different 
journey. So why not let your product speak for itself and why spend 
marketing dollars? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  That's a fantastic question. And the main reason for that is because 
now that we have -- this is the first time. If you look at our app site, 
we have had two different apps. We have Angel BEE, we have had 
ABMA, and then we have had some prior versions. So clearly there 
is no impetus for building that organic traffic, organic traffic builds 
once you have a consistent platform for sharing your message. So 
the reason we have not had that opportunity is because we have 
just not had that product so far, but that is going to change with the 
Super-App. So as you, as I play the movie out over the next year, 
two years, clearly there will be more emphasis on organic. But at the 
same time, our market itself, our job is to also expand the market. 
And if we can spend more and get more customers on the platform, 
while keeping our core business metrics at a profitable level, then to 
me, it makes most business sense to go spend that money. There's 
no point in keeping that and trying to super optimize at this stage, 
because at this stage, it's all about capturing the market. 
So it's a two pronged answer. The reason we have not invested 
much in organic is which I just answered earlier, because it's been a 
platter of apps and that is changing with our Super-App. And once 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 28 of 47 
we have the Super-App, clearly the emphasis on organic is baked 
right into the app itself. And then the second question is even if we 
have that, I still believe that we need to continue to spend and 
expand this market and bring more and more clients into the system, 
as long as we can maintain the healthy level of operational profits 
and excellence. 
Hiten Jain: 
Sure. I get that. Now the second part of the question, so while we 
have discussed the costs, now let's, talk about potential revenue 
from here while I understand, and I appreciate that your larger 
objective is to improve the activation rate in your core business, 
have -- give a better experience and thereby increase your broking 
revenues further. But in terms of diversifying into other sources of 
revenue, while you’ve already integrated direct mutual funds, but 
obviously it's direct, so it is more of added experience to clients and 
not revenue accretion. Your second, intention of getting into mutual 
funds is some time away, but again, it has – it will be passive focus, 
again less revenue accretive. How about other products in terms of -
- do you intend to add loan against securities while you've spoken in 
the past about lending products and that is something, this cohort, 
the young cohort would be quite keen to explore and not so much of 
the savings products given their age profile. So, while you have your 
beta product ready, but how do you think about the diversified or 
different revenue sources and what is the timeframe that you have in 
your mind? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  See, I firmly believe that there is a lot of money left on the table as 
far as broking itself is concerned. I am a firm believer that we need 
to stay razor focused on winning broking. And that is the only thing 
that matters to me for the next year. And I want to be very specific 
about it. Because when -- what we have seen is when customers,--  
when our -- and you have seen this with our competitors, also, it's 
very easy for us to launch 10 different things and do a poor job with 
all of them. What we need to do is think about how we can get and 
unlock revenue opportunities in our space itself, because ultimately 
the next disruption is going to come from here only. Now, obviously 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 29 of 47 
that includes things like considering products like loan against 
securities and such. And clearly we are running those experiments 
on our side as well. And when the time comes, you'll be seeing us 
launch those products and launch those capabilities. 
Now in terms of direct mutual funds and other auxiliary products, see 
the reason we launched direct mutual funds is because it is our 
customers who are actually looking elsewhere because they have a 
unmet need. So we are actually -- it's almost like our latent client 
base, which is forced to look outside our product because we 
currently don't have anything. So that made a lot more business 
sense because we want to give them a wealth garden. And this is 
something revenue -- Devender’s team is current strategizing on. 
And, as we look at building out this wealth garden, we look at 
customers today, which we are acquiring and they're hardly 28, 29 
years old. So our lifetime value is -- you're looking at a 20, 30 year 
lifetime value. So we don't want to -- we don't want these customers 
to self cannibalize and kind of go elsewhere when we can give them 
a much superior integrated product in our own platform. 
So this is the main reason why we did the direct mutual fund launch. 
It's not because it's the thick of the moment or whatever. It's we don't 
-- we don't do -- we don't approach new businesses that way. Now 
there are other opportunities also like lending is another one. 
Insurance is another one, but even before we get there, I believe 
that there is opportunities to look at fixed deposits, there's 
opportunity to look at aggregate fixed deposit products. There is 
opportunities to expand our -- and more revenue opportunities in 
commodities. There is obviously opportunities further out in 
insurance products, which we are also selling on our platform. I 
believe, as a platform company, there will be opportunities to unlock 
those capabilities in the -- once the Super-App platform is ready and 
is rolled out. So that's how I'm thinking about the next year, two 
years and three years.  
Hiten Jain: 
Sure, sure. That makes sense. I wish you all the best. Thank you.  

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 30 of 47 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Babel from 
Subhkam Ventures. Please go ahead.  
Ankit Babel: 
Yes, good afternoon, sir. 
Narayan Gangadhar: Good afternoon. 
Ankit Babel: 
My first question is, now without this super app, you were growing at 
suppose x percentage.  
Moderator:  
I'm sorry to interrupt you Ankit, but we cannot hear you clearly.  
Ankit Babel: 
Am I audible now?  
Moderator:  
Yes, please. Go ahead, sir.  
Ankit Babel: 
Yes. So sir, now without this Super-App suppose you, people were 
growing at X percentage with this app coming in. Can that growth go 
to like 1.2x or 1.3x? If yes, how and if, no, then why this app? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Yes. so great question. It's a very fundamental question. So thank 
you for asking. So see, what has happened is that our customer's 
expectations from the app and from the product have changed. So 
even if we sit and do nothing, yes, it's true, that our app is our 
current app is also growing at a pretty phenomenal rate, and we are 
actually -- in fact, I think we mentioned in the call that we are right 
now in a very seriously strong leading position, as far as new clients 
are concerned for the first -- for this past quarter. 
Now this trend line is continuing because obviously the journeys are 
baked in and such. But see what has happened is the, the behavior 
of the cohort is changing. Customers now they're expecting a better 
personalized journey. And this is what Dinesh has said in his 
opening statement is that, this personalized journey is what our 
client's future needs are. So we have to hedge against that and we 
have to build that journey in the most effective way possible. And 
that is unfortunately not possible in our current app. This is the main 
reason we decided to build the Super-App because our ambitions 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 31 of 47 
are far bigger than what you see on our current ABMA application. 
So to give us space to innovate, we embarked on the Super-App 
strategy. 
Now, what we see, in terms of your next question, on how we see 
the ramp up. I am extremely confident that once the migration is 
done, like it will take two to two and half quarters to kind of get that 
over with, right. Once all the customers are into the new platform 
and when we bake the new app, right. I'm definitely confident that 
both acquisition rate, as well as the activation rate will go up. Now, 
whether it goes up 2x or 3x or 0.5x it remains to be seen because 
the Super-App also is built with a very fast customer closing loop in 
mind. So we do know that we can iterate much faster than the 
competition once we have this platform. So I am very confident that 
you're going to see a double digit growth once the full transition is 
complete and the buck starts rolling on the Super-App. So that's how 
we are approaching it as a company and as a management team. 
Prabhakar Tiwari: 
Narayan, can I add something to that?  
Narayan Gangadhar:  Yes. Please Prabhakar go ahead.  
Prabhakar Tiwari: 
Yes. Hi, that's a great question. My name is Prabhakar Tiwari, I work 
as a Chief Growth Officer here. So as Narayan has mentioned, and 
has been the theme throughout that product will play a huge role. 
We are a tech product company, and in terms of growth, it will 
impact both our acquisition funnel and our revenue funnel. In terms 
of acquisition today, we operate in a certain channel mix. Some 
other question was regarding, why the competition is kind of growing 
without marketing dollars and Narayan answered that, there is a 
blended approach. There is also aggressive competition, which is in 
another extreme. So far, we have taken a blended approach, both 
organic and paid in future that blending will change more for organic 
and referral kind of channels. 
And also one important thing I want to communicate that what you 
have seen last year is our rebranding, moving from Angel Broking to 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 32 of 47 
Angel One. And I'm very happy to share that with Angel One, we 
have now 84% awareness just for Angel One in two quarters. Now 
what you will see this year, with the new app, being stable, the 
migration being complete is a new positioning. And the new 
positioning is around the power of data and technology for everyday 
investors. We believe both the product experience and the entire 
positioning around it will definitely help us in the top of the funnel, 
kind of opening up the top of the funnel for more growth and also will 
kind of make our lower funnel more efficient so that the next wave of 
growth as Narayan spoke about would come at a much, much lower 
cost or in a more cost efficient manner. Thank you. 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. Sir, my second question is now what I understand, from your 
business is that you people have a very high operating leverage 
model. So, if you continue to grow at a very high growth rate, 
definitely there would be an operating leverage. And I understand 
that operating leverage would be utilized or would take care of your 
increased investments in say client acquisition or the increased 
employee cost and everything. So, just for my understanding, is it 
fair to assume that what you have done in FY ‘22 in terms of top line 
growth and bottom line growth can be replicated, say for the next 
two years also, in spite of the increased investments in these areas? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Yes. Yes. So what you're seeing is that the parameters of the 
business are not going to change. We are fundamentally operating 
within the same envelope, just the assumptions and just the growth 
rates and just our investments have changed within them, but the 
overall metric and the overall framework stays the same. So yes, I 
do see that over the next year, two years, three years, I foresee the 
same kind of traction.   
Ankit Babel: 
Yes. Okay, that's helpful. And so last one short question. What is 
your client acquisition target for FY ‘23? You added some 5.3 million 
last year, can you double it up in the coming year? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Yes. See, we don't divulge that, but yes, I mean, we are looking to -- 
you can say that yes, we'll be -- for a company, like at our stage, 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 33 of 47 
which is growing at the rate at which we are growing. Yes, I mean, 
doubling that is a very aggressive and a very achievable target. 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. And any targets for client acquisition? Sorry, active client 
ratio, I mean from current 40 to say 45, 50, 55? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Yes. Any, anything that is -- we want to obviously anything north of 
55%, 56% is a good number to hit at and we are very close to those 
numbers already. So, obviously there is no upper limit on how high it 
can go, but this finite math dictates how high it can go. But we don't 
talk about those targets, but you can assume that we want to be 
within that range that we have already discussed the 50%, 60% 
range in that. 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. That's helpful. So thank you and all the best. 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Thank you.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek Poddar 
from Nippon India Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Yes. Sir just two questions, one is, you seem to suggest that the 
migration to Super-App is a switch, or going to be phase type 
migration. Can that be a threat in the sense like, let's say customers 
take some time for adoption of new customer journeys on the new 
Super-App. How do you think about that? And ultimately if let's say 
in a close group, the sample set is quite small relative to what you 
have as total clients, right. So if the experience is not good, and if 
you do it as a switch, how do you rectify or how -- because there 
could be a loss of momentum. So how should we think about that? 
That's question number one. And the second question is, it's been 
answered in some parts, but last month, if I see the last couple of 
months, you seem to outperform even the market leader when it 
comes to NSE active client adds on the existing app. So how should 
I think about -- what is driving this? And lastly, just an extension, 
overall, you seem to suggest that the Super-App will take you into a 
different trajectory when it comes to revenue. So how do we think 
about this revenue? Is it more client adds or is it higher ARPU or is it 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 34 of 47 
more diversified or ancillary revenues? What takes you into the next 
league? So three questions. Thanks. 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Yes. See, first of all, as with any app strategy, the minute a company 
pivots and launches a Super-App, there is always a runway period. 
Many times, investors, they get impatient, they want to wait only for 
one quarter before they see results. And oftentimes it doesn't work 
that way because the new journey, new experiences, they take time, 
but they are done with a long term perspective in mind. So we have 
built the Super-App and the journeys based on what the cohort 
behavior we want to drive on our platform going forward. So, what 
we have -- in terms of the switching, that's a very important question. 
See, we are launching the product in phases and each there is -- 
there are gates scaling up and scaling down our adoption curve 
based on customer feedback. So we closed the loop with the 
customers pretty quickly, and we continue to iterate based on 
feedback that we are actually getting from the clients. And this 
innovative phase has been going on. The app has been in 
development, and we have had plenty -- tens of thousands of beta 
customers now for almost six to eight months. So I will have, Ankit 
Rastogi who's our Chief Product Officer he's on the line. Ankit 
Rastogi can you just talk a little bit about what kind of strategies we 
are pursuing to scale up the knob on adoption? 
Ankit Rastogi: 
Yes. Thanks, Narayan. Hi, Pratik. Fantastic question there. So, as 
Narayan mentioned, we've been experimenting with this CUG, 
closed beta group kind of cohort from last couple of quarters on our 
Super-App or an incumbent for a Super-App, the release candidate. 
And firmly we can believe that we have seen a cohort of both, 
existing customers migrating as well as new customers. So we will 
continue on that calibrated approach. In fact, it will be quite a 
measurable rollout. We call it stage measurable rollout where the X 
percent of the users will get it. We will again repeat we'll measure, 
their revenue, their FYRs, full year revenues, their activation and 
acquisition across various channels where the referral is working 
whether organic is moving up. So between these needles and these 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 35 of 47 
metrices and these funnels, it will be a calibrated approach. And we 
have a capability to kind of quickly address in case there is -- or 
arrest any drop and kind of move this needle from 5 to 10, probably 
X percent, and eventually move to a majority number. And that's 
why when you hear the answer that it will be at least a two quarter 
plus kind of an approach, which we're taking on the transition. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Got it. And the second question on you guys outperforming the 
active -- I mean, client addition outperforming the market, any 
thoughts how you be able to do this?  
Narayan Gangadhar:  See, yes. So, actually I should specify that we have been -- while 
our current app has been kind of in low touch mode. There have 
been many capabilities and features which have been introduced 
towards the tailing part of last year, before we called the code 
freeze. And now you're starting to see our clients take advantage of 
that. And you're seeing more momentum build around those. Like, 
obviously insta trade is one option. There's a lot of others in the 
pipe. So we should not downplay what we have done in the past 
year on our existing app. 
And then other thing is, clearly our investments in digital marketing 
have paid off. We have -- we are one of the first companies to take a 
very nuanced look at applying both AI and ML techniques to our 
client acquisition strategies. And that has obviously resulted in better 
cohort selection and better realization of leads, which have come in 
through the funnel. Because we have also invested heavily in 
optimizing that funnel, right from the time the lead comes to the 
door, to the time we actually open an account. So there has been a 
combination of both, better product improvements, better tech 
capabilities, 
better 
system 
of 
time, 
and 
obviously 
digital 
improvements in the entire acquisition. 
Ankit Rastogi: 
Narayan can I add?  
Narayan Gangadhar:   Yes, go ahead.  

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 36 of 47 
Ankit Rastogi: 
Right. So Prateek just to address on our current app, as Narayan 
mentioned, we have come to close to 4.2 play store rating, and we 
continue to see a healthy improvement there. So the answer to that 
is a lot of our strategy has been fixing the backend services, which 
apply by the way to both the platforms. So anything which we do for 
Super-App is kind of all also helping existing platform inevitably. So 
the robust space of that, the stability of that is also getting the 
benefits. So you will see a -- so as a result, customer continue to 
enjoy a healthy experience on the current app as well, while we 
have making inroads for the Super-App.  
Prateek Poddar: 
Got it, got it. And the last part of my question on the Super-App, 
when you get that higher revenue, what drives it? Is it client 
acquisitions or higher revenue per client or ancillary revenues, or it's 
a mix of all the three maybe just? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  It's a mix of all the three driven by the user journey. What ultimately 
drives greater revenue in any digital business is the customer 
experience. And the fact that our journeys are in line with what 
customers' needs and expectations are. So in the super app, the 
entire journey is built around -- it's tuned very much to what our 
clients' capabilities are, their risk profiles are. And ultimately helping 
them onboard with the system in a much more simpler way, which 
obviously doesn't exist in our current app. So it's a combination of 
two or three things there.  
Prateek Poddar: 
And lastly, any update on AMC? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Yes. So, as we mentioned, we are already, the process is underway 
and, Vineet, do you want to just share some updates, the latest 
update on the AMC side? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Sure. So Prateek on the AMC, as you're aware in September last 
year, we made the application for the in principle approval. The 
process is on, SEBI is doing that due diligence and hopefully in the 
next few months, we should have the in principle approval in place. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Fantastic, and all the best for the future. Thanks.  

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 37 of 47 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Does that answer your question, Mr. Prateek. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Yes, all my questions are answered. Thanks. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Kajal from ISec. Please go 
ahead. 
Kajal: 
Hello. Hi. Congratulations on good set of numbers sir. I just wanted 
to once understand that we had initially started as a transformation 
journey, and now that we have seen that the brokerage and the total 
revenue is 78% around that only but the mix has changed 
significantly towards the F&O versus cash. So do you think almost 
78% is now F&O and cash is just less than 20%. So do you think 
cash going ahead is going to be very, very insignificant portion of 
your total revenue and how do you see your revenue mix evolving? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Yes. See the cash segment is -- first of all, I should say that it's a, it's 
obviously an important segment, like all the other segments that we 
have. But clearly there is a, industry trend which is buckling the 
whole mix as you have rightly pointed out. And honestly, when we 
look at the business, it's very hard for us to say whether it will 
stabilize at this number or what the overall mix would look like. But 
we do know that in terms of total number of orders and the total 
number of orders has gone up dramatically in this past year, as 
you've seen. We are focused on driving that aggregate volume up, 
because that is a macro level trend, which we can control -- which 
not control, but we can, create in device strategies to drive that 
versus cherry picking on which one of these individual approaches 
will work. 
So -- and there's also future innovations planned on the product 
side, which will --, which, you'll see as -- which will drive up value on 
all of these segments actually also going forward. So it's hard to 
predict where the buck will land. But we can say that, it's still -- the 
mix will remain healthy and the overall aggregate number will be the 
one that we are focused on. 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 38 of 47 
Kajal: 
And what will be the share of algo trading in our overall? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  So right now it's very non significant it's not even material also, 
because we don't have any particular algo products, if you will. We 
have our system generated product, which is called ARQ and that is 
something that, we have built in house. And, that's also not -- that 
doesn't technically qualify as an algo product. So answer your 
question, it's a very, it's close to zero at this point, the algo trading. 
Kajal: 
ARQ form significant portion, is ARQ giving you? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  ARQ is a meaningful chunk of people who come and onboard on to 
our systems and try out. Yes, but it's not -- it's still a product in alpha, 
if you will. So it's still not fully baked into our main line offering. So 
it's something as we continue to break that journey into the Super-
App, we are expecting that as a service subscription, there'll be 
more action coming on that side, but at this point it's kind of in a 
different bucket. 
Kajal: 
And the last question is on the employee side. So you have said as 
always that the mix has been changing. The incremental are you 
seeing that pressure on the cost for getting those employees 
because market is good for the IT side or the engineering 
candidates. So how do you see that cost going up for you? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  So, we started this transformation journey three years back, and in 
these past three years, we have had the advantage of honing our 
strategy every year. So now we have hit a point. We have hit that 
sweet spot where the unit economics of hiring and, the whole cost 
curve it's perfectly settled into our system. So there is no surprises 
anymore. So I don't see any of these cost fluctuations affecting us 
dramatically because we already have the playbook on what it takes 
to attract top talent in the market. What kind of structures, 
compensations we need to put in place and what kind of reward 
structure makes most sense for our business. So we have had 
almost now 12 months worth of bake time to kind of eliminate that 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 39 of 47 
uncertainty at this point. So there's no uncertainty on that side from 
our side. 
Kajal: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. 
Narayan Gangadhar:   Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sahej Mittal from 
HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sahej Mittal: 
Hi, sir. Good afternoon and congratulations on a great set. Sir, so 
most of my questions have been answered, just two questions from 
my side. So, what are the new investors doing and how is their 
trading intensity, given that now we have people moving back to 
offices, could we expect these kind of trends in the derivative 
segment to continue for the industry? 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Yes, so, see, I mean, now people have been going back to work 
almost six months now. I mean, everybody is -- those dark days of 
COVID are behind us touchwood. And what we have seen is that in 
these two or three quarters, which have preceded us especially the 
last two quarters, which we all agree that we have kind of been in 
the post era, if you will, right? While the behavior has changed, there 
has been no ascertainable impact on our volume or anything like 
that. Because as you yourself have seen from our results, there's no 
-- the stability and the naturalization is already up there. 
So our business is already growing at a healthy metric, and I don't 
anticipate any further changes there. And in terms of changes in 
investment behavior, see, obviously because many clients are 
young and new, their ticket size is still the same interestingly. So 
they're still having the same ticket size, but obviously the approach 
with which they enter the market is very different. It is driven by 
many social based investing teams and things like that, which is not 
true for folks that are in their mid thirties or a little bit later in life. So 
there is an explicit change in behavior, and this is why I was telling 
the others we need to build this Super-App journey now, because 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 40 of 47 
clearly there is a tailwind in the market that the expectation has 
changed. And that is what we need to get ahead of.  
Moderator:  
Thank you as the participant left the queue will move to the next 
question, which is from the line of Pranav Gupta from ASK 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Gupta: 
Yes. Hi, good afternoon and congratulations on good set of 
numbers. I have two questions, one is for Narayan sir. So when you 
talk about the Super-App and how it can be a -- it will be the key 
driver for taking the revenue trajectory to the next level, just wanted 
to understand that initially when we are migrating, our existing base 
to the Super-App, typical given that our revenue large part of the 
contributor is F&O, which is a flat fee base. How do we engage with 
customers more? And how do we see the same set of customers do 
larger amount of trades which will then eventually drive revenue. I 
understand that when you acquire new customers, new trades will 
be added, but how do you engage more through the Super-App and 
increase the current trading volumes of the current customer base? 
That's the first question. 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Correct. So see the easiest way to drive up these numbers is by 
addressing customers' pain points. Now, if you look at our existing 
app, our existing app is super excellent in many dimensions, but an 
area that we are not -- that we really need to do a better job is our 
reporting systems. So anytime, if you introduce a constraint or if you 
kind of dampen that journey, obviously the user is discouraged from 
spending more on your platform. Why would they come and agree 
for a substandard journey? And this is what will change in the 
Super-App, because in the Super-App, we have taken a holistic 
approach, like on the main page itself on the Super-App, you can 
see your overall portfolio, you can see your asset mix, you can see 
what's your composition of stocks, bonds, you can see your risk 
profile, everything in one clean, neat package. Then there are 
videos and structures towards the end with cue cards that let you 
figure out what kind of capabilities features you want. 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 41 of 47 
And I'll let Ankit add a few more to that. Ankit, just why don't you add 
a few sentences on how the Super-App journeys are different, and 
then I'll over the remainder of the question and answer about the 
impact to revenue. So go ahead. Go ahead, Ankit. 
Ankit Rastogi: 
Yes. So Pranav just to follow up on that. So the fundamentals of 
Super-App are pretty much like the simplicity, which we are adding, 
which is bounded by our personalization capability, starting from the 
homepage, which Narayan mentioned. Even if you are in a F&O 
trader, probably insta trade will pop up for you earlier. Or based on 
your history, the recommendations will come in. Similarly, the Super-
App is not just on this feature and UI and UX experience. We are 
building inherent improvement in our availability and reliability of our 
product, which is much more crucial. Any app has to be much more 
predictable. So this app will bring in a very predictable experience to 
fashion trader as well as to say a new guy where we are stuck in 
where to activate this guy. What should be my first trade? This is 
also a reflection of the entire post trade experience, which we are 
significant revamping in our Super-App, the transparency level, 
which is one of the tenants of our Super-App will be I think industry 
first. So and then, one more point to add. It's also the speed of the 
platform, which is, I think, a very key driver for an option trader, 
which will be significantly better. We are improving in our streaming 
services. We are improving in our cashing for chartings. So those 
are a couple of initiatives, which will be visible.  
Narayan Gangadhar:  Right. So, the main, the meta point here is generally people -- the 
question to ask is are people spending the most that they can on our 
platform? Are we realizing a 100% or 150% of the revenue potential 
from every client? And the answer to that question is on our current 
platform the answer is no, we are not because the fact -- and why 
are we not realizing that revenue potential. Because in our current 
app, there are many journeys which are not as fully baked or as fully 
mature as we want them to be. So naturally when we move to the 
Super-App, obviously the volume will go up because the journeys 
have been fully baked. 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 42 of 47 
Now, it's hard for me to predict whether you're going to see it all in 
just one quarter, or will it take us, you know, the three quarters or so 
till the whole flow becomes normalized. And I think that kind of 
variance is to be expected from any tech business. So we are giving 
ourselves also that time so that we can avoid any false start and not 
shoot ourselves in the foot before doing any big migration like this, 
right. It has to be done in a very thoughtful way. So, yes. 
Devender Kumar: 
Narayan can I add something?  
Narayan Gangadhar:   Yes, please. Go ahead. 
Devender Kumar: 
Yes. So, just to answer this in a more fullsome way, what happens is 
there are different types of clients there are first timers coming in. 
There are traders coming in, and also when a client comes in, they 
have a life cycle, they start slow, they will switch different products 
over a period of time. Now, what has happened in ABMA obviously 
we have been delivering the same services through multiple 
platforms like WhatsApp know through notifications, through the 
system itself. But when we are building the Super-App, what we are 
making sure is that the platform itself in a real time basis morph to 
give that services on a realtime to our client and to the different set 
of clients like the first timers, the traders, and also the based on the 
life cycle, which stage of the life they are. And also Super-App 
allows us to build multiple services. Like, we are trying to go live with 
mutual fund, eventually insurance and other subsidy services, which 
are a seamless experience for a client. And we believe that in 
today's platform, this is done in a much more communication 
oriented way. This will move seamless into real time processing with 
Super-App, where you can use this mix at the right time, at the right 
place, which will allow customer to have a great experience and 
actually show the confidence of using and experience services to 
the optimum level, with the bouquet services we are coming up with 
as well.  
Pranav Gupta: 
Right. I understand this. And I understand when you say that, you 
know, the customer journey when it improves and when it becomes 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 43 of 47 
more seamless, a customer will engage. We probably engage more, 
just wanted to understand how do we even, how do we even monitor 
this? Just as an example, if you use the example that you said, 
where that there is a reporting system or the reporting system is sort 
of lacking the current app, and it will be much better than the Super-
App. Just wanted to understand how do we monitor if the customer 
has moved their business or part of their business elsewhere?  
Narayan Gangadhar:   Correct. Correct. See, obviously we have not -- we don't see -- we 
have not seen clients who have departed from our systems. Our 
bounce rate is very low. It's not even -- it's less than 5% or 
something it's not even meaningful. Which means that once people 
come to our platform, they're staying on the platform, but that is not 
the same as somebody who's staying on our platform and spending 
the most that they can. So our problem is that they're not spending 
the most that they can because we ourselves are seeing drops in 
those journeys. So our product flows have detailed metrics behind 
them. And we have studied this behavior over a period of time. So 
we know that these are the frustrating points for the clients, and this 
is customer feedback that we have gotten from surveys and stuff. So 
we have 360 degree view and our own insight to actually improving 
the journey. And that's what gives us the confidence that this data 
based approach, this data science based approach will actually lead 
us to the right end state.  
Pranav Gupta: 
Okay. So, if I understand this correctly and just to close the loop on 
this, what you're saying is that when a customer is -- when we see a 
customer drop off in the middle of a journey that is how we 
understand that the customer is not spending as much as they could 
have on the app because the journey is lacking somewhere is that 
the right understanding?  
Narayan Gangadhar:   Absolutely. Very much like if you go to Amazon.com and if you are -- 
let's say, if you get stuck updating your profile page odds are, you're 
not going to go back there, again It’s going to frustrate you. 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 44 of 47 
Pranav Gupta: 
You will not be able to quantify this, but this is a qualitative way of 
understanding that the customer is not spending as much as they 
could. 
Narayan Gangadhar:  Exactly. Exactly. And this is what we have spent a lot of time 
studying Ankit and his product teams have lots and lots of data 
about each and every journey where we know where the customer 
is frustrated, what has gone wrong? What can we do better? And 
the synthesis of whatever we have understood is there in the Super-
App. That is really what, how we have built it.  
Pranav Gupta: 
Right, just a second question and a more broader question. If you 
look at overall industry ADTOs, obviously largely driven by the F&O 
or derivative segment, and if you look at it over the last two years, it 
is almost more than quadrupled. Like one of the participants also 
asked earlier, how do we understand the sustainability of this trading 
volume or trading that is happening currently? And how should we 
look at it over a more medium to long term, maybe right now we are 
seeing elevated volumes because of various reasons. How do we 
extrapolate this to the medium and the long term? 
Narayan Gangadhar: Yes. So actually this question, Dinesh, has written a beautiful slide 
on this. So I would actually love for him to answer this because he's 
the best person. Dinesh, are you on the line? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes. So my line dropped, can you just repeat that question please?  
Pranav Gupta: 
So the question is that, over the last couple of years, we have seen 
ADTO for the industry grow significantly and especially driven by the 
F&O segment. Now this has been driven because of multiple reason 
over the past two years, how should we look at the sustainability of 
this and how should we extrapolate this for the industry as a whole 
over the medium to long term, because in the short term, maybe this 
will sustain. But how should we look at it over the long term? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
See, what I believe is that, we haven't even scratched the surface. 
We are just right now just capturing land grabbing and getting 
customer in our fold. But if you look at optimal kind of like 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 45 of 47 
investment, what the person has to do in equity market, I don't think 
we have reached there. Currently, we are -- like most of the 
customers are in the age group or 25 to 28. So they have just 
started their vocation they've started their earning phase. So right 
now there is nibbling in equity but I think serious phase of 
investment will start -- is yet to come. So I don't believe what we saw 
is really a peak. I would say what we saw is just a beginning. 
If we talk about market penetration, that Angel is able to cover 98% 
of pin code. But if I look at the wallet share that we are able to get in 
our market is very minimum. So that's the reason we are actually 
looking forward to Super-App content building journey so that we are 
able to increase lifetime value of customers that are onboarded. So 
my answer would be yet we haven't seen the best in this industry in 
terms of wallet share, getting into our market, looking at like macro 
picture where inflation rate is so low. There's no other option for a 
youth to get into our market. So overall, I feel that still that we are yet 
to see an increase wallet share. Today, we are just talking about 
market penetration of demat account that we are able to open. 
Pranav Gupta: 
So just one small follow up and that will be my last question wanted 
to understand from you that again, over this last couple of years, a 
lot of the market has also been -- a lot of the new investors that you 
spoke about have also made a lot of money, because of the runup 
that we have seen. Do we believe that the customers will remain 
sticky or will continue to do the volume that they're doing currently if 
you see a slump or a elongated slump not a short term slump for a 
month or two, but elongated slump, do you believe that these 
customers will still remain in the fold and continue to trade at the 
level that they are today? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
See, we share a slide of this, on like impact of, market volatility on 
number of trades now that we are into flat fee broking models. So if 
you look at the number of trade, even in times of like Lehman 
Brother crisis or when India was facing big challenges because of 
high inflation, we never saw a drop in the number of trades. So that 
is maybe, like true for in traditional broker where a ticket size of an 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 46 of 47 
order goes smaller, but for a player like us, customer who are active, 
they remain active. What they do in bad market is they reduce that 
ticket size instead of trading 1 lakh per order, they may trade maybe 
50,000 per order. So overall I don't see any kind of trend going down 
in terms of number of order, even though market has been cyclical, 
worst case was Lehman Brother crisis, we will not see decline in 
number of trade on NSE. 
So overall I believe, as I said, we are right now acquiring a new set 
of customers who have no other option, but to put serious money in 
equity. Right now they're just nimbling I think this ADTO and 
participation from per investor is going to increase from here. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen this was the last question for 
today. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Dinesh 
Thakkar for closing comments. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Thank you everyone for joining us today on this earning call. India is 
on the path of achieving long term sustainable growth. And this 
growth will become a reality in an inclusive and proliferated capital 
market characterized by significant penetration of equity. As 
highlighted earlier, new age India is gradually understanding the 
benefit of arbitrage in returns between low risk asset and equities. 
According to a study done by Deloitte access of smartphone will 
increase significantly over the next five years. Growth of smartphone 
in rural India will be 2.4x, that of urban India. These are the realities 
of future growth of FinTech companies like us, and the extent to 
which we prepare for the presentation of the comprehensive 
financial product suite for the potential clients will position us ahead 
of the competition by catering to an evolving need of this untapped 
market. 
We will spare no effort in helping investors achieve their goal, while 
also improving their overall investment journey. We have 
successfully demonstrated the implementation of our digital strategy 
over the past three years and plan to augment the same as we 
move forward to achieve our goal of attending a leadership portion 

 
Angel One Limited 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 47 of 47 
in retail broking industry in India. I am certain this goal is not too far 
away. I wish to thank you all for your continued support and 
confidence in Angel One. For further queries, please do reach out to 
Hitul Gutka, our Head IR or SGA our Investor Relations advisors. I 
wish you all a good day, stay safe and stay strong. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Angel One Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
