 
Registered Office: 23rd Floor, Lodha Excelus, New Cuffe Parade, Off Eastern Freeway, Wadala, Mumbai – 400 037 
Tel: +91 22 6232 7400 Website: www.rallis.com 
Corporate Identity No. L36992MH1948PLC014083 
 
 
April 27, 2022 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500355 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra-Kurla Complex Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: RALLIS 
 
Dear Sir,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts/Investors Call pertaining to the Financial Results for the 
quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2022 
 
Further to our letter dated April 11, 2022, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the 
Analyst/Investors Call on the Audited Standalone and Audited Consolidated Financial Results of 
the Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2022 held on Friday, April 22, 
2022.  
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.rallis.com/Analyst Investor Call Transcript_Q4 FY22.pdf 
 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Rallis India Limited 
 
Yash Sheth 
Company Secretary 

 
 
 
Page 1 of 1 
  
 
 
Rallis India Limited  
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call  
April 22, 2022 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Rallis India Limited’s Q4             
FY ’22 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
 
Gavin Desa 
Thank you. Good day, everyone. And thank you for joining us on Rallis India 
Limited’s Q4 and FY ’22 earnings call. 
 
 
We have with us today, Mr. Sanjiv Lal, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. S 
Nagarajan, Chief Operating Officer; and Ms. Subhra Gourisaria, Chief Financial 
Officer. 
 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today's discussions may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and 
uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available in the result 
presentation. 
 
 
I now invite Mr. Lal to begin the proceedings of the call. Over to you, Sanjiv. 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
Thanks, Gavin. Good morning and welcome, everyone. Thank you for joining us 
on today's Q4 earnings call. I have alongside me, Mr. Nagarajan, our Chief 
Operating Officer, and Ms. Subhra, our CFO. 
 
 
I will, begin the discussion with a brief overview of the industry before I move to 
Rallis specific developments. Domestic business growth is largely aligned with the 
soft Rabi season, given that the same was impacted by erratic climate conditions 
and rapid spread of black trips in the south, especially in Andhra and Telangana. 
Additionally, resurgence of COVID cases during the initial part of the quarter 
resulted in limited in-person interaction. 
 
 
Furthermore, the growth was largely price driven, given the price revisions 
undertaken to offset impact of rising input prices. On the exports front, demand for 
agrochemicals continued to remain strong, in part driven by remunerative crop 
prices and supply shortages from China. Going ahead, we believe the sector 
offers a good growth potential. Weather predictions from Skymet and IMD indicate 
that we are set to receive a normal monsoon. Kharif season also is expected to be 

                                                                      Page 2 of 2                                   
                        
good with crop prices ruling higher than last year. In the long run as well, the 
China plus one strategy augurs well for the Indian agrochemical industry. 
 
 
Let me move now towards the Rallis specific developments. I will briefly talk about 
our Q4 and FY ’22 performance, more so from an operational point of view, post 
which Subhra will discuss the financial aspects. I would like to discuss the 
roadmap for the company over the coming years, our objectives and the steps we 
plan to undertake towards achieving them. 
 
 
Considering the challenges faced during the year, FY ’22 had mixed outcomes 
with robust growth in our crop care business, with margin related headwinds. Our 
Seeds business continued to remain under stress as conveyed earlier. 
 
 
Let me now talk a bit about our domestic business. As most of you must be 
aware, the business has seen a number of challenges over the last two years. 
Firstly, with the pandemic led supply chain disruption and availability of key raw 
materials; secondly, untimely and excessive rainfall across certain regions have 
impacted product offtake; third, the rising input material prices over the last two 
years has exerted further pressure on margins. Amidst all these challenges, the 
industry, as well as Rallis has shown the resilience and executional capability to 
overcome these hurdles. 
 
 
As I had mentioned in our earlier call, our efforts over the last few years and over 
the coming years as well would be to strengthen our product portfolio. We 
undertook a thorough analysis of our portfolio to identify the gaps and we have 
addressed the portfolio refresh agenda to some extent, as we can see from the 
increase in the number of products launched by us over the last few years. We 
have added around six new products in FY ’20, followed by four new products in 
FY ’21, and in FY ’22, we have introduced seven new products in the Crop 
Protection segment. Of the seven products added during the year, three were 9(3) 
products, two were 9(4) and two were through co-marketing. Our aim is to 
introduce at least two 9(3) products annually. The newly launched products will 
help improve the overall quality of our portfolio by replacing the old ones and 
providing better options for our customers. Despite these new introductions, our 
ITI was around 11% lower than the 15% that we are targeting. With the pandemic 
largely coming under control and restrictions being removed, we are optimistic 
that we will be able to help our customers better understand the advantages of 
these products. We believe these new products will help us gain better market 
share in certain underserved markets, such as Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh 
and Rajasthan across crops, such as soybean, wheat, and certain segments of 
paddy. 
 
 
From an outcome point of view, our domestic herbicide business grew well at 20% 
year-on-year, in line with our strategy of increasing the share in this category. 
Insecticide and Fungicides category grew as well at about 5%. We have 
continued our footprint expansion. Our retailer count was around 55,000 and our 
distributor count was around 4,100 compared to 47,000 and 3,900, respectively. 
Our trade terms introduced a few years back, have been well received by the 
dealers and our cash flow is improving steadily. The Crop protection segment 
within crop care continues to do well, with a Q4 year-on-year growth of 17% and 
an annual growth of 20% over the last year. In FY ’22, we have added six new 
products in the crop nutrition segment, two in-house and four co-marketing. All 
these products -- both these in-house products branded as AQUAFERT are well 
differentiated water soluble products with, customized formulations for apple and 
the cotton crop. Three of the co-marketing products are from the bio-pesticide 

                                                                      Page 3 of 3                                   
                        
category. All these products have been received well and have a good response 
from the market. 
 
 
Moving on to our Seeds business, while Q4 performance was steady, the overall 
performance for the year has been soft given the industry-wide challenges. 
Increased demand for illegal herbicide tolerant cotton seeds during the year, 
impacted the overall growth momentum and profitability of the business. Our 
efforts in recent years have been directed towards addressing the seasonality of 
our portfolio by building up our Rabi portfolio. We are also taking steps towards 
building our presence in the vegetable seed space. We have also been focusing 
on optimizing our cost in line with the revenues we have been able to generate in 
this segment. Our retail footprint and the Seeds business was around 38,000 
compared to 31,000 during the previous year-end, although we have rationalized 
our distributor count. We are hopeful that the recent steps will help us in 
addressing the current problems impacting the business. 
 
 
Moving on to the international business, despite the external challenges, we have 
been able to deliver consistent growth in our exports business in recent times. 
Despite challenging environment for one of our products, Metribuzin, all other 
products have seen good traction and volume. Demand for Pendimethalin and 
Hexaconazole continues to remain strong. We have also undertaken capacity 
expansion and debottlenecking of capacities for some of our products, given the 
strong demand momentum and visibility. Capacity expansion undertaken for 
Kresoxim-methyl, Acetamiprid and Lambda-Cyhalothrin 
have 
all started 
contributing to the overall growth of the business. The other positive development, 
which we have been consciously working towards is increasing our share of 
formulation business in our exports portfolio. As mentioned in the previous call, 
we have successfully registered Acephate formulation in Brazil and expect to start 
some business during H1 of the current financial year. RM costs have been 
trending higher, particularly since, November of ’21is contributed by many factors. 
We have focused on taking calibrated price increases, keeping our brand 
strength, competition etc in mind. On a year-on-year basis, our realizations have 
improved by around 5% in the domestic crop protection segment and 14% in the 
international business. However, these have not been sufficient to fully offset the 
cost increases, which have resulted in margin compression. We are continuing to 
focus on value engineering, cost reduction, careful sourcing and calibrated price 
increases to deal with the challenging scenario. We have also been working on 
diversifying our supply sourcing for some of these key materials. While the 
percentage of raw materials procured from China is still in the 50s range, we now 
have very good, viable options from within India for some of our key raw 
materials. We have commenced sourcing from India, some of these, in addition to 
China. These sources provide us flexibility and security amongst challenging 
times. 
 
 
In terms of our next growth triggers to the business, as most of you are aware, we 
have embarked on a Capex program to scale up the capacities of some of our 
existing products while at the same time towards introducing newer products. In 
this regard, we are on track towards introducing one new AI, Difenoconazole from 
the new Multi-purpose plant in FY ’23. Our new formulation facility at the Dahej 
CZ is also stabilizing and is gearing up for larger volumes in FY ’23. 
 
 
Moving onto the Contract Manufacturing business, our performance in this 
segment has been fairly benign, largely owing to limited attention and investment 
towards developing and scaling up this business. One product, PEKK is primarily 
used in the aviation business, which, given the pandemic related issues, hasn't 

                                                                      Page 4 of 4                                   
                        
seen much offtake in the past two years. We are committed towards developing 
the contract manufacturing business with a team now in place, both at the 
business level, as well as the R&D level to support the business development 
activities. As mentioned in the Q3 call, we have confirmed two new contracts, 
which although small in size and not material, mark the first step towards winning 
new business in the Contract Manufacturing segment. 
 
 
I would like to reiterate that operationally, we are undertaking the requisite steps 
towards driving each part of our business. The growth run rate for the business 
remains strong, as structurally, the sector is well poised to benefit both from 
growing local and global demand. Additionally, with China plus one theme gaining 
momentum, the sector is well placed to deliver growth consistently over the 
coming years. With investments for expanding capacity of our manufacturing 
operations, we are positioning ourselves to meet the growing demand for 
agrochemicals. 
 
 
There is a positive sentiment, as far as agriculture is concerned, both globally and 
domestically, given the positive commodity prices and monsoon outlook. We are 
positive on our growth outlook crop care business, both domestic as well as 
international. Looking forward, as far as Q1 is concerned, we expect the market 
volatility to continue on input availability and RM pricing front. This would require 
us to demonstrate agility and resilience in terms of right competitive pricing and 
keeping the eye on overall volume growth. For crop care, managing right pricing 
and protecting absolute EBITDA value would be a priority. We have already seen 
a 15% plus cost inflation in Q4 on a year-on-year basis. We may the percentage 
margin coming under pressure, given the steep pricing impact in sales value. 
However, we believe that this is the right thing to do to protect our long term 
growth.While all efforts are on to source our key raw materials, difficulties on 
account of logistics out of China are continuing to create some uncertainties.  
 
On the Seeds business, we are preparing for Kharif ’22, and the focus is to ensure 
optimal placements with adequate caution. To liquidate the large inventory we are 
carrying in seeds, we anticipate undertaking prudent commercial interventions, as 
well as strong market activation efforts. These are likely to impact EBITDA 
margins. However, we believe successfully navigating this phase will provide us 
long term benefits during the course of the year. 
 
 
With that, I conclude my opening remarks, and over to you, Subhra, for a quick 
update on the financials. 
 
Subhra Gourisaria 
Thank you, Sanjiv and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today in 
our Q4 earnings call. Let me quickly walk you through our financial performance 
for the quarter and the year, post which we will commence the Q&A session. 
 
 
Starting with top line, our revenue for the quarter stood at Rs. 508 crore, 
compared to Rs. 471 crore reported during the corresponding quarter last year, 
higher by 7.7%. The growth could have been higher, but for the extreme shortage 
of one of the key raw materials, which goes into a technical, coupled with a 
phasing issue of one of our international customers. Domestic business continued 
its trajectory of double digit growth momentum with well balanced growth between 
volumes and price. Growth is across different segments and it's on the back of 
huge uncertainty and volatility seen in the market in terms of managing pricing 
transition while ensuring the inventory in the market remains at a manageable 
level. The international business growth is buoyant and would have been in 
double digits, but for the disruption due to the reasons I mentioned above. 

                                                                      Page 5 of 5                                   
                        
 
For Seeds, growth has been flat in a quarter which is relatively small for us. All 
efforts are focused on Kharif ’22 preparation. In terms of margins, our EBITDA 
margins for the quarter is flat. EBITDA was impacted by the opportunity loss due 
to the non-availability of raw material for a key technical and export phasing in 
international business for a key customer. This has impacted by EBITDA by about 
Rs. 10 crore. Furthermore, we absorbed a hit of Rs. 8 crore, largely coming from 
the provisions we recognized on the slow and non-moving stocks in Seeds 
business given the performance in the last season. Had we not had these 
profitability issues, our EBITDA margins for the quarter would have been in a 
range similar to last year. 
 
 
PBIT was also impacted by higher depreciation on the capitalization -- on the 
capacity expansions completed during the year. Regarding margin compression, 
our pricing is based on competitive intensity and affordability of the end consumer 
while protecting the volume. Despite taking a 16% increase on overall crop care 
portfolio, our pricing has been insufficient to recover the cost inflation in absolute 
term. Also, as Sanjiv mentioned, this causes an impact on managing pricing and 
margins in percentage terms. Inflation is not only in raw materials, but across all 
lines, freight, inland, ocean, packaging materials, and energy costs. PAT for the 
quarters stood at negative Rs. 14 crore, as against Rs. 8 crore in the base period. 
 
 
Moving on to individual businesses, domestic crop care business performed well, 
despite external challenges, weather and high raw materials related. Despite the 
hurdles, we were able to deliver a growth of 25.1% for the quarter on the back of 
better product mix and price hikes. Besides product introductions, we have also 
been working towards widening our distribution network, which aided sales growth  
during the quarter. As far as international business is concerned, we continue to 
maintain the recent momentum in the business on the back of good demand for 
most of our products. Metribuzin as well indicated in the last call, has started 
performing well. Newly introduced products, registration in newer markets, 
coupled with better product mix i.e. shift towards increasing the share of 
formulation products has sustained growth and margins. 
 
 
Moving on Seeds business, revenue for Q4 remains relatively steady. However, 
for the year as a whole, we saw a revenue degrowth of 13%. The performance 
during the year was largely impacted by increased demand for illegal herbicide 
tolerant cotton seeds, government bans, et cetera. We are undertaking steps 
towards addressing these issues and our hopeful of overcoming them in the 
coming years.  
 
                                         On a full-year basis, our growth is 7.2%, which is split between crop care growth 
of 11.2% and seeds of 13%. In fact, if we remove the spillover effect of the 
revenue loss in international business in Q1 of financial year ’21, and the business 
loss in Q4 this year, our growth in crop care, would've looked upwards of 15%. 
We've already spoken about the challenges in Seeds business, and the focus is 
on profitable growth while undertaking major steps on rejuvenating the portfolio. 
EBITDA percentage for full year stands at 10.5% as against 13.3% in the base 
year. This is impacted due to pricing volatility and inability to fully absorb seed 
inflation and the mix led headwind because of degrowth in seeds. Our Seeds 
business contribution to overall revenue during the year, dropped by 3%. Given 
that this business makes higher material margins in the range of 15%to 20%, our 
company margins have been impacted by 50 bps by this shift in mix alone. For 
this fiscal, EBITDA stood at Rs. 274 crore as against Rs. 323 crore reported 
during previous financial year. PAT for the full year stood Rs. 164 crore as against 
Rs. 229 crore reported during the last year.  

                                                                      Page 6 of 6                                   
                        
 
  The Board was pleased to recommend a dividend INR 3 per share in view of our 
business direction in line with a growth strategy and our dividend distribution 
policy. On Capex, our overall spends during the year amounted to Rs. 185 crore, 
and we expect additional cash flow of Rs. 250 crore during FY ’23. We are well on 
track to work commissioning the MPP at Dahej during FY ’23. 
 
 
That concludes the opening remarks. We can now commence the Q&A session. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you very much.  The first question is from the line of Aditya Jhawar from     
Investec Capital.  
  
Aditya Jhawar 
My first question is on the international business. As you mention that the outlook 
is very encouraging. However, how is the line of sight of improvement in supplies 
of one of the key critical molecule that you mentioned and how is the capacity 
ramp up happening? So how should we look at growth in export business, in                
FY ’23 and ’24? 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
See, as far as our international business is concerned, we did have a supply chain 
disruption on one of the key starting materials for Pendimethalin. This is coming 
from China, which had led us to advance annual shutdown from Q1 into Q4. Apart 
from that, I would also just like to add that most of our manufactured products 
have been running at full capacity, and we have produced the highest ever 
quantity of Pendimethalin during FY ’22. We have, of course produced the highest 
ever Kresoxim-methyl. We've also produced Acephate at the full capacity of that 
plant and the limits that we have by way of our license. And also we introduced 
two new products. Metribuzin, we are expecting that this plant will also be running 
at capacity towards Q3 as we have started now building up an order book for 
Metribuzin. 
 
 
And the securitization of key raw materials, that is another important step that we 
had undertaken during FY ’22, for some of the materials that we were 100% 
dependent on China. So that dependencies are of course smaller key raw 
materials. So these have been developed through local, sources in India. And 
also, for one of our key raw materials, we have entered into a long-term supply 
agreement with an Indian partner. So we'll continue to work on de-risking our key 
raw material supply chain. And one more -- all going well, we should start the 
capital investment towards Q3, for securitizing one more intermediate, that we 
import from China. Does that answer your question? 
 
Aditya Jhawar 
Yes, absolutely. So just one, follow up on this. So Metribuzin, you mentioned 
there were challenges and so Pendimethalin, clearly the issue was more on the 
raw material side. What were the challenges, Sanjiv, on Metribuzin, and how 
things are unfolding going ahead? 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
So Metribuzin, as we have indicated that there has been a high inventory 
overhang in our key market. So that is now getting fully resolved. And that's why I 
mentioned that our order book has started building up for dispatches starting July. 
I'm talking about some of our big customers. So we see Metribuzin also bouncing 
back towards Q2. 
 
Aditya Jhawar 
Perfect. Perfect. And you mentioned that phasing issue with one of our 
international customer, can you please elaborate on this? 
 

                                                                      Page 7 of 7                                   
                        
Sanjiv Lal 
So actually, what happens is that, for example, where we've got certain contracts 
for supply of material, so between one quarter to the next quarter, there is a 
phasing issue, and this is what happened to one of our dispatchers. It's got 
nothing to do with the overall volume of business that we did in that contract. 
 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Capital.   
 
Prashant Biyani 
Sir, in our technical business, we might have also benefited from higher prices this 
year. So, despite that we have seen, crop care EBITDA margins declining by 
almost 200 to 300 basis points all through the year. So is it that the margin 
pressure in formulation business is so sharp that it is offsetting all the benefit from 
the technical business or even in technical business, we have sort of reduced our 
margins and playing for higher volumes? 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
So may I request Subhra to just take that call, and Naga, if you’d like to add 
something after that. 
 
Subhra Gourisaria 
Yes, sure. So, as we mentioned in our opening remarks also, our endeavor is 
firstly to go after volumes. And we saw 16%, kind of cost inflation coming in the 
last quarter alone. We’re taking price increases, but it's been insufficient to 
manage the kind of price hikes that the cost inflation warrants for it. And this I'm 
talking about protecting the absolute rupees crore of cost inflation. 
 
 
Furthermore, you can understand that in terms of percentages, just because of 
the steep increases, it will cause a dent on the percentage EBITDA margin. So it's 
not a problem for formulation or technical, but it is an overall considering the 
inflation that we have seen in the last quarter, and the inflation -- you would've 
seen our investor deck is across raw materials, freight, gas prices. So when all of 
these have hit us one quarter, two quarters, it has become difficult to manage the 
transition. 
 
S Nagarajan 
Yes. Maybe I can just add on to what Subhra said, Prashant, from a market point 
of view, domestic, international, if you were to kind of look at it, I would say that 
the ability or the challenge to fully pass on the cost increases is a common 
challenge. It depends on the products, it depends on the markets. However, what 
we have prioritized is to try and increase the volumes so that we are able to, like 
what Sanjiv mentioned, keep our plants going almost to the full capacity from a 
technical point of view. 
 
 
Between technical and formulations, the pressures are in both, but formulation, as 
you know, is largely a domestic play from our point of view. And there, along with 
the increases in the raw material for the technicals, you also have increases 
coming through because of the crude oil impact, all of that, which has happened. 
So things like solvents and all also have gone up in terms of cost. 
 
 
So I would say, at an overall level, it is difficult to distinguish whether it is an 
isolated pressure or not, it is actually common for all the markets as well as for 
technicals and formulations between the two categories as well. 
 
Prashant Biyani 
Secondly, sir, how is the demand in Kharif season looking like in both seed and 
agrochemical, whether we are seeing the menace of illegal cotton seeds 
impacting our Seed business this time as well? And also while dispatching Q1   
ag-chem products, have we passed on full cost inflation? 
 

                                                                      Page 8 of 8                                   
                        
S Nagarajan 
So in terms of the external environment, I think things are definitely looking very 
promising at this point in time, Prashant, whether it is the forecast of a good 
monsoon -- normal monsoon or whether it is in terms of the commodity prices that 
are ruling right now. As you are aware, crops like paddy, for example, are up 17% 
compared to last year and certain other crops are higher even more in terms of 
crop prices. In terms of our own actions, whether it is in both the Crop Care 
business or in the Seeds business, we have been focusing on increasing our retail 
footprint. We have made good progress during the course of FY '22 and we 
continue to do that for FY '23 as well. That will allow us to help scale some of the 
new products that have got launched over the last three years, where, as we 
indicated, we still have some distance to go in terms of achieving the revenue 
objectives for each of those products. 
 
 
Specifically, in terms of seeds, illegal HT continues to be a problem. There is no 
doubt about it. Last year, the proportion, we understand, reached almost 20%, 
25%. So that is something which we will continue to face, we believe, even in FY 
'23. In fact, it is in that context that we want to be fairly careful with regard to our 
placement, learning from what we had gone through last year in terms of the 
returns that we witnessed during Q2, we are moderating or carefully placing in 
quarter 1 of FY '23. 
 
 
In terms of the ability to pass on the prices, we have taken significant price 
increases like what was mentioned earlier. On an average basis, if you see year 
FY '22 versus year FY '21, we have had a 5% increase in terms of price increase 
like-to-like, right? If you take an average across the year for the same set of 
products and that was 13% if you calculate that for quarter 4 -- over quarter 4 of 
last year. So it's actually on an increasing trend, 5% is the average FY '22 over FY 
'21 and Q4 of FY '22 over Q4 of FY '21 is 13% for domestic, which is also equally 
strong in the IBD market or the international market. The corresponding figures 
being 14% and 19% which was what was mentioned in the opening remarks also. 
 
 
So we think these are significant increases. But obviously, when we take these 
increases, we are calibrating it in line with what the market is able to bear, the 
strength of the particular brand, if it is a formulation or even the AI, the competitive 
intensity, which is there. Our experience in FY '22, like, has been noticed by you 
or everybody is that the full translation of the cost increases into price benefit has 
not been possible. We are thinking that we will continue to have these challenges 
going forward and that is why we are out looking that we will try to protect the 
rupee value of the EBITDA, which means we try to get the volume growth even if 
it means that the percentage margins may come under pressure.  
 
 Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge Capital.   
 
Tarang Agrawal 
Two questions from me. One, given the robust agro commodity prices, would it 
therefore be reasonable to conclude that we'll probably see higher acreages this 
Kharif? And if so, which crops are you looking at this time picking up? 
 
S Nagarajan 
Well, certainly, the crop economics as predicted by various agencies has 
improved in FY '22. And certainly, the outlook is looking very good, chiefly driven 
by the commodity prices. But this is actually happening in pretty much almost all 
the crops, right? I mean I think you are finding it in paddy, you're finding it in bajra. 
If you just look at maize, for example, it is 35% up commodity price for maize 
year-on-year. Bajra is up 58%. Cotton also, as you know, is up by more than 50%, 
55%. 
 

                                                                      Page 9 of 9                                   
                        
 
So really speaking from the core seeds portfolio that we have, all our crops are 
outlooking good commodity prices. If you look at from an agro-chemical point of 
view, also these are significant drops. Also in terms of vegetables, we are hoping 
that the recently witnessed increases in tomato or chilies, all of these will persist. 
So one should really feel quite optimistic and that is what we are feeling about 
with regard to all the crops, no specific crop to call out specifically. 
 
Tarang Agrawal 
But broadly, do you think maybe 3% to 4% growth in acreages, would that be a 
fair sort of a outlook? 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
I think there is a Crisil outlook on this. They had flagged maybe some 2% drop in 
cotton. 
 
S Nagarajan 
Yes, I think it will probably be in that range overall if you take all crops and all 
acreages. At the macro level, things are looking good. We are obviously not such 
a large player to really be focused on the market movement. We have our focus 
on the areas which we will be working on. 
 
Tarang Agrawal 
Got it. And second, I mean, in Q4, we saw the domestic CP business move up by 
about 25%. What drove this? Was it price driven volumes, some color? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria 
So what I was saying is domestic business, 25% is well split between prices and 
volumes. You can consider that 12% is driven by volume and a similar 12% to 
13% is coming from price group. 
 
Tarang Agrawal 
So is this placements for Kharif? 
 
S Nagarajan 
Well, it is not really because as you know, we have carefully calibrated our 
placements so that the trade inventory that is there at the end of March is 
something which we are comfortable with. In fact, we are quite comfortable with 
the trade inventory or the channel inventory that we are carrying. So it is largely 
the requirements for Q4. There is of course, a small amount of placement towards 
Kharif, but I would say most of it is for the Q4 requirements. 
 
Subhra Gourisaria 
Yes. And we consider sales return in terms of accounting for whatever is as per 
for Q1. So this is not considering the Q1 placement. 
 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Kapadia from AMSEC.  
 
Saurabh Kapadia 
Sir, first question on the international, you mentioned about the phasing out of the 
clients. So is it fair to assume that the volume will come back in the Q1 of your 
loss of business? 
 
S Nagarajan 
No, there is no business loss at all. It is like what Sanjiv mentioned earlier, based 
on the shipment schedules of different customers, there is a phasing that happens 
and that has been pointed out in the investor presentation more to provide a 
context for comparison. There is no loss of business. 
 
Saurabh Kapadia 
So what would be the value of this particular aspect? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria 
So we had an impact in EBITDA terms of Rs. 10 crore because of the raw 
material shortage and this phasing issue. You can consider 20% to 25% in terms 
of the margins at a material margin level that we make on this. So on a safe basis, 
you can consider Rs 50 crore of impact coming from revenue perspective. 
 

                                                                      Page 10 of 10                                   
                    
Saurabh Kapadia 
The other -- on the international business, the raw material issues. So are we now 
having enough inventories for the key raw material so that we don't face no 
production cuts? 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
No, I think we are still navigating through a whole lot of logistics issues out of 
China. And unless we really have the material in an Indian port, it is very difficult 
to confirm that we have all raw materials. So it is certainly a bit of an uncertain 
period, but the team is working towards ensuring that we receive all materials. 
 
Saurabh Kapadia 
And lastly, on the domestic side. So given the better crop economics, do we see 
that in the upcoming season, there is a possibility of no specialty molecules being 
more in demand or growth will be better in the specialty molecules and where 
farmers will invest because they have a higher income level? 
 
S Nagarajan 
Yes. I mean, certainly, I think that is certainly what is our zero base or base level 
expectation. But I just want to caution that two years back when the pandemic 
came, there was a feeling that there will be a lot of down-trading that will happen 
and some of the specialty products, which are, let us say, more premium in 
nature, may not really find traction. 
 
 
That was not proven to be the case for a couple of reasons. One, of course, the 
pandemic was in that time really starting out in the urban areas and maybe the 
impact in the rural markets was somewhat less. And maybe when the farmer 
perception also was that when there is a problem, then he was prepared to sort of 
buy even premium products. 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
I think with the positive commodity price trend that we are all seeing, the farmer 
will invest in his crop. 
 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities.   
 
Abhijit Akella 
Yes, So one was regarding the inventory buildup in the Seed business that you 
had talked in the opening remarks. If you could just quantify what the value of that 
inventory is and whether you envisage any need for any further inventory write-
offs in coming quarters? 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
So while the inventory levels are quite high because of the high sales return that 
we have got, we have made a provision during Q4. And depending on how Q1 
pans out, we will take another call on whether we need to make certain provisions 
on seeds as well. Subhra, you’d like to add something more? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria 
Yes, so our inventory levels in certain hybrids, depending on the way the season 
is,we will just review the requirement in Q1 if there is any requirement for 
provision. 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
The issue, is that on the illegal cotton side, our understanding is that the 
availability is likely to be even higher than last year of illegal cotton. So we do 
certainly see this challenge not disappearing during the course of the year. 
 
Abhijit Akella 
Okay. And sir, my second question was with regards to the new molecule that you 
announced, Difenoconazole. So if you could put some color around what the 
market size or potential there is and what kind of position or market share Rallis 
might target in that? 
 

                                                                      Page 11 of 11                                   
                    
Sanjiv Lal 
So, this will build up over-time, as you're aware, that it has to go through a 
registration process in the key markets. So, all the process has been commenced 
for getting registration. So I would say, in the initial two years, we may be able to 
only export it to certain markets where there is some flexibility in terms of 
registration. 
 
 
Flexibility, what I mean is that the process is easier. So, it will build up over a 
period of three years. So first two years is likely to be low -- but it's a good 
molecule. So we expect that in year three and year four, it will start really scaling 
up. We are building a Multi-Purpose plant, so we've got alternate products, which 
will be used for capacity filling. 
 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of S Ramesh from Nirmal Bang.  
 
Ramesh S 
My first thought is, if you're looking at your focus on rupee value and volume 
growth and the potential negative impact on margin, so it means you're looking for 
a trade-off at some point. So when do you see your asset turns improving to a 
level where your strategy of focusing on absolute EBITDA that your volumes will 
offset any pressure on margins and thereby, we can see growth in the EBITDA 
and PAT level. What is the kind of time line you envisage? 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
So the margin pressures, we expect them to continue. In fact, we are out-looking 
at least for Q1 to be soft. Of course, there will be a makeup during Q2. So we will 
expect a good H1 performance. 
 
 
And as far as the margins are concerned, as mentioned, we will be trying to pass 
on as much cost inflation in the pricing of the product. But we have to be realistic 
in terms of the competitive pricing. We will of course be prioritizing our growth and 
capacity utilization of our assets to the maximum extent possible. Would you like 
to add something more, Subhra? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria 
So, in terms of asset terms, we anyway commission any capacity looking at the 
IRR of the plant and that is something that we will constantly target. But many of 
the Capex investments that we have undertaken are in the process of 
commissioning, and that's something that we will constantly keep looking as to 
how to improve the asset turns 
 
Ramesh S 
Okay. So can you share what is the value of the assets you have capitalized as of 
March '22? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria 
So that has come through in the balance sheet as well. So our PPE has gone up 
largely coming -- one of the biggest capitalization that we have done as the CZ 
plant, which got commissioned in quarter 4 of the year, plus the various 
debottlenecking that we have done. So our PPE has gone up in the range of INR 
140 crore to INR 150 crore. I will tell you the exact number. 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
So in terms of depreciation also in Q4 -- Q1 FY '23 over Q1 FY '22, there will be 
an increase in the depreciation also when we present the Q1 results. 
 
Subhra Gourisaria 
Yes, coming on the back of the capitalization that we've taken. 
 
Ramesh S 
Okay. So one last thought, can you share the value of the international revenue 
for fourth quarter FY '22 and full year FY '22. 
 
S Nagarajan 
The overall international revenue is about Rs 780 crore for the full year.  

                                                                      Page 12 of 12                                   
                    
 
Subhra Gourisaria 
Quarter number Rs 215 crore to Rs 220 crore. 
 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Resham Jain from DSP Investment 
Managers.   
 
Resham Jain 
Yes. Hi, good morning sir. So I have just a question on the overall farm 
economics, and you did highlighted some of the stuff in the previous comments. 
But we have seen like three back to back good monsoons. This will be the fourth 
one, and we have also seen a significant increase in crop prices across board. So 
just based on your analysis, how much farmer income would have or would go up 
given the current crop prices in the current context. Will it be like 5%, 10% or will it 
be like 20%, 30% you have? Because based on that, your strategy of upselling of 
products might be determined. So just to understand that part. 
 
S Nagarajan 
Yes. Actually, we have a view that there will be a positive improvement in the crop 
economics. There are multiple levers that play in here, right? One is, of course the 
sown area, the productivity changes, and then the profitability itself coming out of 
the pricing, the commodity prices. So if you see at an overall level, yes, it will 
probably be in the maybe 5% kind of a range. That is what we are feeling. Of 
course, it can vary from crop to crop. Certain crops can be significantly improved. 
But all the crops, we do believe, are going to benefit. That is what is our base 
view, 5% at an overall level. 
 
Resham Jain 
Sir, my second question is on the overall inventory level. How do you see the 
inventory levels in the market? As you mentioned, you have done sales return and 
kept the channel relatively in a range-bound manner. And similar to that, I think 
we are hearing similar stuff from the industry perspective also. So how do you see 
the overall inventory levels in the industry of agrochemical products? 
 
S Nagarajan 
Certain companies in our understanding certainly have more trade loading in the 
Q4 of FY '22. From our point of view, we are comfortable. Our levels from a 
volume standpoint are pretty much similar to what they were last year. Value-
wise, they are higher because the values of the prices have gone up. The costs 
have gone up. But I think in terms of quantitative terms, we are similar to last year 
and we believe that is a fairly reasonable level to carry in terms of trade load. 
 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Emkay Global.  
 
Rohit Nagraj 
The first question is in terms of the placements for Kharif season. So you've 
mentioned that there are challenges in terms of sourcing certain materials from 
China. If that continues for another couple of months, will it have an impact on the 
placements for Kharif season or are we more or less secured from the supply 
point of view?   
 
Sanjiv Lal 
No, I think the issue was not general in terms of sourcing out of China. We had a 
difficulty with one particular input. And I've already mentioned that we are working 
towards ensuring that we get enough of that quantity so that our plant can run 
fully. On the other materials, there is no other issue on other items.   
 
Rohit Nagraj 
Got it. So it's only about the pricing and nothing about the availability, if I am right 
to understand. 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
Apart from one product where we are still working through ensuring that we get 
material, it is only an issue about pricing. And availability is not an issue. 

                                                                      Page 13 of 13                                   
                    
Rohit Nagraj 
Second question is in terms of the volatility due to interim events like crude has 
gone up. If the volatility comes down, we've seen historically that the margin 
pressure is normally borne by the manufacturers. So if the volatility goes off in the 
next couple of months, is it possible that we will not be able to increase the pricing 
and that may exert some pressure on the absolute EBITDA?  
 
S Nagarajan 
Yes. No, I think it will be product specific. There will be certain products where we 
think we will be able to sustain the premiums based on the level of differentiation 
of those products, but there could be others where there could be more 
competitive intensity, which can lead to a decline in prices. But we are not actually 
thinking that as the base case scenario because whatever we are hearing, we are 
actually finding that the costs are not really abating.  
 
Rohit Nagraj 
Just one clarification on Capex. What is the expected Capex for FY '23? 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
So we are out-looking cash flow of approximately Rs 250-odd crore. 
 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company.  
 
Saket Kapoor 
Sir, in your presentation, it has been mentioned that the steps are being taken to 
drive top line and bottom line. So sir, if you could elaborate where are we in midst 
of this drive to improve the top line and the bottom line, and the factors that are 
negating our steps going forward, maybe the raw material and then also the 
inventory write-down. So if you could elaborate more? 
 
S Nagarajan 
I think in terms of the efforts to increase our top line or our business overall, two, 
three levers, which we have been focused on. One is, of course, in terms of 
increasing the portfolio of products that we have. We are talking about both the 
domestic business as well as the international business. Second is to have 
manufacturing capacities to be able to support the increased volume 
expectations. Third is in terms of our distribution and business development, 
whether it pertains to the domestic business or to the international business, 
including registrations in the case of the international business. 
 
 
I would say we are in the midst of this journey. As far as the product launches as 
well as the distribution reach is concerned, Sanjiv already mentioned, the 
increases that we had in the last couple of years. We still have some distance to 
go. As far as the active ingredient, our MPP, new active ingredients, 
Difenoconazole is the first one to come out of the new MPP which we are 
expecting to commission in the later part of FY '23. But there would be more AIs 
that we are working on as wellI would say that is in a little bit of an earlier stage 
compared to formulation because formulations, we have been able to make much 
faster progress. 
 
 
In terms of international geographies, we are working in terms of improving our 
market access through registrations of source inclusion. That is a continuing 
journey. I would say that is also somewhat at an early stage. So you could say 
that we are somewhere between early to mid stages in terms of an overall 
progress. We have still some distance to go. 
 
Saket Kapoor 
So this looks to be even a tougher year taking into account the variables which we 
are facing, the headwinds which we are facing, they are going to have an 
overhang on the performance, the factors which are to-date on the anvil. 
 

                                                                      Page 14 of 14                                   
                    
Sanjiv Lal 
Yes. Let me just give a perspective to that. See, the overall agriculture, whether it 
is local or global is looking positive, and we've already discussed the factors that 
are contributing towards the positive outlook. Second, there is a commodity price 
increase that is getting passed on to the extent possible. The other is that with the 
expected investment that the farmers will do in agriculture, we expect the volume 
growth to also happen. 
 
 
And as we've mentioned even in earlier calls that as far as our domestic business 
is concerned on Crop Care, we have got a product portfolio, we have got ground 
level activities, we have got a distribution network, which we are continuing to 
build which gives us the confidence of being able to grow better than the average 
of the domestic industry. 
 
 
So we are continuing to outlook a good domestic business. But those volatility and 
uncertainty issues continue to remain. And with the situation that we're all 
experiencing in Europe with the Ukraine-Russia crisis, these things are yet to fully 
play-out in terms of crude oil prices, in terms of price of solvents, price of 
packaging materials, all these cost inflations will have to be passed on. And to the 
extent that the competitive pressures allow, we will be taking all those steps that 
are necessary to protect our profit margins.  
 
Saket Kapoor 
Yes. The small point is about the utilization levels from the new capacity, the one 
which we have commercialized of late in the month of April and also on the 
employee cost front. If you look at the total sales, the percentage of employee 
cost on the total sales, do we look that these employee costs are rationalized or 
do we think that going forward, the percentage is going to be lower. If you look at 
it, 9% to 10% is our employee cost. 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
So the employees are our core strength. And of course, this is a business which 
requires good resources, both at the manufacturing level as well as the field level 
for customer connect, market connect, market activation and all of that. So we 
believe we've got a very good team. We have very good employee engagement 
across our company. With our growth plans, we will get the operating leverage 
that our employee base will give us. 
 
 
So we are extremely positive on our current employee strength. Of course, we 
have commissioned a new plant -- formulation plant in the Dahej chemical zone. 
That has been resourced. We are coming towards construction of the completion 
of construction of our Multi-Purpose plant. That will also be appropriately 
resourced, so that we are able to fully utilize the assets as we commission the 
plant.  
 
Saket Kapoor 
So going forward, what would be the contribution to top line? And at what level 
these capacities will be breakeven, sir. 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
See, for example, the capacity that we have built for our new formulation plant 
that has got adequate capacity to take care of many future years, and we will 
keep adding more and more lines as the business needs keep building up. So we 
will be looking at a reasonably good capacity utilization by the time we get to H2 
for the current financial year for our new formulation facility. 
 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Somaiah V from Spark Capital.   
 
Somaiah Valliyappan 
My first question is on Metribuzin. You did mention there is a bit of a challenge in 
terms of high inventory in key markets. So can you just help us understand which 

                                                                      Page 15 of 15                                   
                    
markets you're referring to? And is it something specific to Metribuzin or in 
general herbicides portfolio there? 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
No, this is specific to Metri in the U.S. market only. And we are now seeing 
unwinding of those inventories, which is helping in building up our order book 
now. 
 
Somaiah Valliyappan 
Second question is with respect to China sourcing. So obviously, multiple 
headwinds there in terms of RM prices, crude is one. And also, could you 
comment anything on utilization rates in China for these plants? Was it something 
that was on the lower side? Is this something that you're expecting to get better? 
How big is this a driving factor? Any excess supply you see for any of the key 
RMs coming up in China. Could you help us understand a bit more in terms of 
what are the factors that are causing these RM pressures in China? That will be 
helpful. 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
From our understanding, I think the key issue, which is really driving availability 
out of China is related to the way they are managing the COVID pandemic in that 
country. So it is affecting the operations of some factories. And more recently, the 
issue is on logistics as some of the ports have been closed because of the spread 
of the virus. 
 
Somaiah Valliyappan 
And anything on the plant utilization level. So sir, for example, last year, the level 
of utilization and then probably in the last five, six months, the levels of utilization. 
Is that something also that has impacted RM supply? 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
So I'm not able to comment on that because we don't have full insight on capacity 
utilization in China. 
 
S Nagarajan 
In specific cases for some of the raw materials that we are dependent on, we 
have certainly understood that they have been constrained to closed earlier 
because of the dual control policy because they are located in certain provinces or 
now there are challenges arising because of the COVID control, zero-COVID 
approach. But these are all very, very specific to what we are exposed to not at an 
aggregated level, overall levels of utilization. 
 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from Dam Capital.  
 
Nitin Agarwal 
Sir, my question is on the Seeds business. Two questions. One is, on the illegal 
BT cotton that you mentioned, the seed menace which is there. I mean, how do 
you see this thing playing itself out over the next couple of years? I mean, we 
heard that there was a productivity issue around these seeds. So that would have 
probably led to farmers probably moving away from them. But your comments 
seem to suggest on the contrary. So how does this play out in terms of over the 
next few years in terms of industry getting an upper hand over this issue? 
 
S Nagarajan 
We can say what are the variables at play here. One is certainly that what you're 
saying, there have been quality issues which have been faced by some of the 
farmers because these are, at the end of the day, unauthorized sources with 
rather limited QC procedures. But on the other hand, you do have the other 
aspect that there are also farmers who have felt that it has been beneficial for 
them in terms of overall economics. 
 
 

                                                                      Page 16 of 16                                   
                    
 
Of course, we are also aware that there are moves to officially introduce herbicide 
tolerant and insecticide resistant cotton seeds in the country. So that's the third 
dynamic or the third variable that is at play. We think that it is not something which 
will go away in a hurry because this has been building up over the last many 
years, as you know, and it has reached a fairly large volume, 20%, 25% of the 
market. So that is why we were mentioning in the earlier part of this call that we 
think that this is an important aspect we will have to recognize and deal with. 
 
Nitin Agarwal 
And sir, secondly, on our Seed business, now with all, this being the backdrop in 
terms of the largest volume sort of crop being under pressure being there in the 
crop, I mean how are we looking at our own Seeds business over the next, say, 
three, four years? What kind of crops are you looking at incrementally targeting? 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
No. In terms of our portfolio, we are not going to be adding to any field crops 
because we are well covered in terms of the field crops. We do have a 
requirement for beefing up our Rabi portfolio. So that efforts continue. As far as 
cotton is concerned, we are being a little more cautious in terms of what we 
expect from this category. We have launched some very good hybrids in cotton 
this year. And our efforts are to get good traction for these new hybrids. Diggaz is 
one of them. And all going well, we expect to be scaling up on some of these new 
products that we have launched. 
 
 
But overall, we are little cautious on the cotton category for the reasons that we 
have discussed. And also, we do have fairly high inventory from the returns that 
have happened last year, which we will be working towards liquidating during the 
course of the current Kharif. 
 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal & Broacha.  
 
Bhavya Gandhi 
Sir, I just wanted to understand our production from pyrethroids range. So is the 
supply chain of pyrethroids unaffected? 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
See, the only one which we are currently producing is Lambda-Cyhalothrin.                    
And there is a good demand for pyrethroids in the international market as well. 
 
Bhavya Gandhi 
Okay. But I think Lambda as said, again, gets imported from China because in 
India, nobody prepares Lambda asset, right? So is this supply chain affected? 
 
S Nagarajan 
I mean, affected every raw material, which is coming in -- you are right, Lambda-
Cyhalothric acid is imported, and there is an impact because of the supply chain 
difficulties, but not so much as to disrupt the production itself. And in any case, 
our Lambda-Cyhalothrin capacities are not very, very large. So I think we -- from 
our point of view, I don't think that's just not such a significant issue. 
 
Bhavya Gandhi 
Okay. And sir, are we not focusing on pyrethroid range because it's gaining 
traction globally and the realization also seems to be better compared to our 
organophosphate compounds. So what's your take on this? 
 
S Nagarajan 
Yes, synthetic pyrethroids are definitely a good category. And that is why, if you 
recall last year, we had created -- we had invested in this dedicated Lambda-
Cyhalothrin facility. Prior to that, we used to produce it only on a campaign basis 
out of a single plant, but we do recognize that, and this is something which we are 
factoring into our future strategy as well. 
 

                                                                      Page 17 of 17                                   
                    
Bhavya Gandhi 
And my final question, we have entered into a long-term supply agreement with 
our local partner, right? So will it affect our cost of procurement on a regular basis 
because it will be always at a higher cost vis-a-vis procuring it from China, right? 
Does it mean that our margins would remain under pressure for a longer period? 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
No. Actually, there's nothing to suggest that the pricing would be any different 
from importing the material. So we are not seeing that as an issue. 
 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Vishal Biraia from Max Life Insurance.  
 
Vishal Biraia 
Now that you are looking at alternate sources of procurement of key starting 
materials and deals. So how would the reliance on China moving over the next 
few years? 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
Currently, we have about 50% of our key starting materials coming from China 
and we will certainly be looking at reducing this dependence over the next two to 
three years. And as mentioned, one material we have already to a large extent 
derisked, which will be sourced locally from FY '23 to a large extent, and also two 
other materials which we were importing, although smaller in volumes, those will 
be also locally sourced. And a fourth key intermediate, we will perhaps be 
undertaking at our own facility. So for that, we will commence some capital 
investment towards Q3. So I guess over the next couple of years, our 
dependence on China will be significantly reduced. 
 
Vishal Biraia 
So would it be fair to assume that in, say, the next four years, it would be less 
than -- it would come down to about 20%, 25%. 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
Well, we don't have a number to that. Perhaps we can work it out. And during our 
next quarter call, we can give some outlook on where we expect our import 
percentages to be. Perhaps in the next quarterly call, we will update on the 
outlook we have for key raw material sourcing from local suppliers or non-China 
suppliers. 
 
Vishal Biraia 
Okay. And the other thing in terms of the new kind of contracts that you are 
entering into in terms of the procurement of raw materials, so how are these 
contracts getting structured in terms of these are on pricing -- I mean if you could 
elaborate as to how will be pricing structure?  
 
Sanjiv Lal 
No, these are for different materials structured differently. And we would not like to 
get into specific contract structures. 
 
Vishal Biraia 
Okay. But in general, is there a change with the kind of volatility we've seen, the 
kind of operation that we've seen even for the whole value chain? So is there a 
move that everybody is moving to a very short-term contracts and just the pricing 
are determined on -- I mean on say, monthly business or fortnightly basis, 
anything of this sort?  
 
Sanjiv Lal 
No. I would just like to say that whatever arrangements we are getting in for local 
supplies, these are all long-term arrangements. These are not spot arrangements. 
 
Vishal Biraia 
Okay. How would the price be determined? Price would be negotiated for that 
particular batch of products or pricing would also be linked to long term 
arrangement? 
 

                                                                      Page 18 of 18                                   
                    
Sanjiv Lal 
I think it will not be prudent to get into those kind of details, except to say that 
what is important is for securitizing key starting materials. And I would just like to 
say that it is an overall trend that you see across the industry, not specific to 
Rallis, that each organization is looking to derisk the supply chain given the kind 
of difficulties that have been faced by practically everyone, whether local or 
global. Everyone is looking at making their supply chains more resilient. And to 
that end point, Rallis is also working towards having alternate sources rather than 
being dependent on one specific country. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you so much. I would like to hand the conference over to the Management 
for closing comments. 
 
Sanjiv Lal 
Okay. Thank you. So thank you everyone for joining this call. And as mentioned, 
there is a positive sentiment as far as agriculture is concerned, both globally and 
domestically, given the commodity prices and the monsoon outlook. We are also 
positive on our growth outlook on our Crop Care business, both domestic and 
international. On Seeds, our focus is to ensure optimal placement with adequate 
caution and to liquidate the large inventory that we are carrying and for which we, 
as I mentioned, tried to put in a prudent commercial interventions with good 
market activation. 
 
 
And while we did not previously give a forward-looking statement, as mentioned in 
my opening remarks, we expect a soft Q1 as the volatility and uncertainty will 
continue on input availability as well as raw material pricing front, which will affect 
margins. 
 
 
So with that, thank you very much till we meet for the Q1 results three months 
later. Back to the coordinator. 
 
 
