 
 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
IRDA Reg. No. 115 
CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 
Mailing Address: 
Registered Office: 
       Toll free No. : 1800 2666 
401 & 402, 4th Floor, Interface 11, 
ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate No.: +91 8655222666 (Chargeable)                
 
Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                Email: customersupport@icicilombard.com 
New Linking Road, Malad (West), 
Mumbai - 400 025                                                      Website: www.icicilombard.com   
    Mumbai - 400 064 
Ref. No.: MUM/SEC/14-04/2023 
 
April 26, 2022 
 
To, 
 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 Scrip code: Equity (BSE: 540716/ NSE: ICICIGI); Debt (NSE: ILGI29) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of earnings conference call for quarter and financial year ended 
March 31, 2022  
 
This is further to our letter dated April 6, 2022 and April 21, 2022. The Company had hosted 
an earnings conference call with investor(s) and analyst(s) on Thursday, April 21, 2022 to 
discuss the financial performance of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended 
March 31, 2022.  
 
In this regard, please find attached the transcript of the earnings conference call. 
 
The same is also made available on the Company’s website at www.icicilombard.com 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
 
Vikas Mehra 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl. As above 
Vikas 
Mehra
Digitally signed 
by Vikas Mehra 
Date: 2022.04.26 
18:44:09 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 33 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited  
Q4 & FY2022 Earnings Conference Call  
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Management: 
MR. BHARGAV DASGUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO 
MR. GOPAL BALACHANDRAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER & CHIEF RISK OFFICER 
MR. SANJEEV MANTRI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – RETAIL 
MR. ALOK AGARWAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - WHOLESALE 
 
 
 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 33 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, a very warm welcome to ICICI Lombard 
General Insurance Company Limited Q4 and FY2022 Earnings 
Conference Call. From the senior management, we have with us 
today Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta - MD and CEO of the Company; Mr. 
Gopal Balachandran - CFO and CRO; Mr. Sanjeev Mantri - 
Executive Director, Retail; and Mr. Alok Agarwal - Executive 
Director, Wholesale. Please note that any statements or 
comments are made in today's call that may look like forward 
looking statements are based on information presently available 
to the management and do not constitute an indication of any 
future performance as future involved risks and uncertainties 
which could cause results to differ materially from the current 
views being expressed.  
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on 
your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Bhargav Dasgupta - MD and CEO, ICICI Lombard General 
Insurance Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
Thank you Neerav, good evening to each one of you. Thank you 
for joining the earnings conference call of ICICI Lombard General 
Insurance Company Limited for Q4FY22 and for the full year 
2022, I will give you a brief overview of the industry trends and 
developments that we have witnessed in the last few months. 
Post this our CFO, Mr. Gopal Balachandran will share the 
financial performance of the Company for the quarter, and the 
year ended March 31, 2022.  

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 33 
 
The industry registered a GDPI growth of 11.1% for FY22. As for 
public disclosure, the combined ratio of the industry was 119.2% 
for 9MFY22 as compared 110.4% for 9MFY21 and the industry 
reported a loss of ₹ 4.05 billion as against profit after tax of ₹ 55.6 
billion for 9MFY21. Further the overall combined ratio for the 
private multiline general insurance was 112.0% in 9MFY22 as 
compared 104.6% in 9MFY21. The industry solvency at 9MFY22 
worsen to 1.71 times as against 2.07 times at 9MFY21.  
Moving to the quarter under review, the industry delivered a mixed 
performance. As per the data published by SIAM, the new vehicle 
sales witnessed tepid growth in private car segment on the back 
of supply chain challenges. The two wheeler segment remained 
far from recovery while the commercial vehicle segment has 
shown growth supported by underlying demand. Health insurance 
on the other hand, contributed significantly to the overall industry 
growth in line with the expectation and is now the largest 
contributing segment to the GDPI of the industry. The commercial 
lines witnessed robust growth in sync with current market 
environment.  
Coming to the business impact for us - 
The company has grown in line with the market growth of 12.7% 
(excluding crop and Mass Health), as against the lower growth 
that we witnessed till 9MFY22. Within the quarter, the growth 
momentum has increased each month and the company has 
significantly outgrown the market in the month of March 2022.  
Coming to the growth for key segments during the quarter- 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 33 
For motor, the Company has grown faster than the industry and 
we have now attained market leadership in this segment for the 
year.  
Our investment on the retail health side has started to show 
results, with our agency channel premium growth of 29.5% for the 
quarter. As indicated in our previous calls of the 1,000 retail health 
agency managers to be added to our employee base we have 
now on-boarded 750 of them during this fiscal and the balance 
250 offers have been made. We expect growth to accelerate in 
the next few quarters as the salesforce starts to get productive. 
The corporate agency channels including Bancassurance is back 
in the black with overall growth of 19.4%. Within this, ICICI Bank 
distribution grew by 24.9% primarily driven by health indemnity, 
SME and motor business and other distribution partners acquired 
through the integration grew 15.9% during the same period.  
Our business sourced through our website grew by 20%, within 
this our health business grew by 23%, travel grew by 130% and 
motor grew by 10%. Business sourced through strategic alliance 
partners in the digital ecosystem grew by 98.2%. 
Overall, our digital solutions has enabled us to increase our digital 
revenues to ₹ 7.74 billion for the current year, which accounts to 
4.3% of our overall GDPI.  
As for the commercial lines are concerned, we experienced 
robust growth driven by 17.8% growth in the SME segment. 
Let me now give you an update on some of our other key 
initiatives.  
On the integration, I am very happy to share that as we speak, 
ICICI Lombard stands as the second largest non-life insurer in 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 33 
India exactly as envisioned while evaluating the scheme as a 
potential transaction, the integration enabled us to strengthen our 
market leadership, augment and further strengthened our diverse 
distribution channels. The revenue and operational synergy plans 
are on track and Gopal would talk about this in detail in his 
segment. 
Our IL TakeCare app has surpassed 1.3 million downloads with 
successful submission of over 130,000 claims and over 70,000 
teleconsultation requests. The recently added feature “Face 
Scan” helps users to keep a track of vitals such as blood pressure, 
heart rate, respiration rate, etc. all without any additional devices, 
and from the comfort and safety of one's home. IL TakeCare is 
built to be user friendly and a continuous engagement platform 
which is increasing our ability to cross sell.  
We are also pleased to share with you that we are the first large 
insurer to move our entire ‘core systems’ on to the cloud this year. 
In our data center, we had about 110 applications across 600 
servers and around 1,000 terabyte of data. Moving our complete 
setup onto cloud has given us some immediate benefits, including 
stability, availability and scalability.  
As such some of the investments that we have made during the 
year in distribution and technology is bearing fruit, and we expect 
to see momentum and growth as we head into the next financial 
year. We intend to continue with our expansion across 
distribution, digital technology and claim services. Towards this, 
we have planned additional investments in the range of ₹ 1 billion 
to ₹ 1.5 billion during the coming year. 
I will now request Gopal to take you through the financial numbers 
for the recently concluded quarter. 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 33 
Gopal Balachandran:   Thanks Bhargav and good evening to each one of you. I will now 
give you a brief overview of the financial performance of the 
Company for Q4 and FY2022. We have put up the results 
presentation on our website, you can access it as we walk you 
through the performance numbers. 
The effects of the demerged financials have been incorporated in 
the form of opening net worth as on April 1, 2021. Further the 
financials for the current year represent numbers of the merged 
entity and the comparative numbers for the previous year of the 
financials pertaining to standalone ICICI Lombard and hence are 
not comparable.  
The Company has enhanced disclosure requirement or reserving 
triangles by giving separate reserving triangles for motor third 
party and non-motor third party lines of businesses. This is in 
accordance with the regulatory guidelines and public disclosures 
which is applicable to all the players in the market. You may refer 
to slide number 29 and 30 of the investor presentation on the 
reserving triangle disclosures. 
Our gross direct premium income of the Company was at ₹ 
179.77 billion in FY2022 as against ₹ 140.03 billion in FY2021. 
The industry reported a double-digit growth of 11.1% on a lower 
base for a similar period.  
Our GDPI growth was primarily driven by growth in preferred 
segments, given that our approach has always been growing 
business sustainably. The fire segment GDPI was ₹ 27.50 billion 
in FY22 as against ₹ 21.58 billion in FY21. 
As indicated in our results presentation, the overall GDPI of our 
property and casualty segment was ₹ 50.24 billion in FY22 as 
against ₹ 39.29 billion in FY21. On the retail side of business 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 33 
GDPI of the motor segment was at ₹ 82.80 billion in FY22 as 
against ₹ 70.20 billion in FY2021. To harness the potential of 
these segments, we have been expanding our distribution 
network to increase penetration in Tier-3 and Tier-4 cities. Our 
agents which include the point of sale has increased to 88,539 as 
on March 31, 2022, from 81,969 as on December 31, 2021. The 
advanced premium numbers was ₹ 33.68 billion as at March 31, 
2022 as against ₹ 34.59 billion as at December 31, 2021. 
Resultantly combined ratio was 108.8% in FY22 as against 99.8% 
in FY21 and 111.0% in 9MFY22. Combined ratio was 103.2% in 
Q4FY22 as against 101.8% in Q4FY21 and 104.5% in Q3FY22. 
Our investment assets rose to ₹ 387.86 billion at March 31, 2022, 
from ₹ 374.54 billion at December 31, 2021. Our investment 
leverage net of borrowings was 4.23x at March 31, 2022 
compared to 4.23x at December 31, 2021. Investment income 
was to be ₹ 30.00 billion in FY22 as against ₹ 21.96 billion in 
FY21. 
On a quarterly basis, investment income was ₹ 7.06 billion in 
Q4FY22 as against ₹ 5.37 billion in Q4FY21. Our capital gains 
was at ₹ 7.38 billion in FY2022 as against ₹ 3.59 billion in FY2021. 
Capital gains for Q4FY22 was at ₹ 1.36 billion as against ₹ 0.66 
billion in Q4FY21. The successful integration of the demerged 
business of Bharti AXA in to the company has led to optimization 
of our organizational structure, rationalization of offices, 
efficiencies in Claims Settlement Practices and Technology 
applications. This will result in an annualized synergy benefits of 
₹ 2 billion, of which ₹ 0.7 billion has been realized in FY2022. Our 
profit before tax was ₹ 16.84 billion in FY22 as against ₹ 19.54 
billion in FY21 whereas PBT was to ₹ 4.10 billion in Q4FY22 as 
against ₹ 4.50 billion in Q4FY2021. As explained about the 
Company has seen higher growth momentum in Q4FY22 and 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 33 
within that in the month of March 2022. Due to the current 
accounting norms this results in up-fronting of sourcing costs, 
whereas the benefit of earned premium will be realized over the 
policy period. Consequently, profit after tax was ₹ 12.71 billion in 
FY22 as against ₹ 14.73 billion in FY21. Whereas profit after tax 
stood at ₹ 3.13 billion in Q4FY22 as against ₹ 3.46 billion in 
Q4FY21.  
The board of directors of the Company has proposed a final 
dividend of ₹ 5.00 per share for FY22. The payment is however, 
subject to approval of shareholders in the ensuing annual general 
meeting of the company. The overall dividend for FY22 including 
the proposed final dividend is ₹ 9.00 per share.  
Return on average equity was 14.7% in FY22 as against 21.7% 
in FY21. The return on equity for Q4FY22 was 14.0% as against 
18.8% in Q4FY21. Solvency ratio was at 2.46x at March 31, 2022, 
as against 2.45x at December 31, 2021, which continue to be 
higher than the minimum regulatory requirement of 1.5x. As I 
conclude, I would like to reiterate that we continue to stay focused 
on profitable growth, sustainable value creation and safeguarding 
interest of policyholders at all times.  
I would like to thank you all for attending this earnings call and we 
will be happy to take any specific questions that you may have. 
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session.  
The first question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. 
Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani:  
Thank you for the opportunity. So, couple of questions I had. First 
one is on the Motor TP hike rate that was announced and what is 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 33 
your feedback on how comfortable are you with the hike that the 
regulator has proposed? And if you could help us get to an idea 
in spite of the rate hike given that underlying car sales is still weak, 
can you help us understand how much proportion of your Motor 
TP book is private cars? That will be the first question. Second is 
, looking at your March 2022 monthly data, the trend in your Motor 
TP book which was stronger than the industry? and also how has 
the loss ratio on fire come down quite dramatically during this 
quarter? 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
Thanks Shivani. So, let me give the answers in the same 
sequence. So, if you look at the Motor TP rate hike. It's different 
across different segments, but the long term Motor TP rate hike 
is a bit higher overall at a portfolio level. For the industry weighted 
average increase comes to roughly about 3%. Honestly speaking, 
given the general inflation that we see, we would have liked to 
see slightly higher rates in certain categories. In certain 
categories, we are fine with rate hike that has been given. So, in 
aggregate maybe a little bit higher would have been appropriate 
is our view on this. When is it expected? As of now, the 
understanding is that it will come around May. So, that's where 
we are on the Motor TP hike. In terms of the mix, I will ask Gopal 
to answer the mix. 
Gopal Balachandran:  Yeah, we have given on slides, the split of Motor OD and TP, 
which is roughly about ₹40.68 billion is Own Damage, and about 
₹ 42.12 billion is third party. Within that ₹ 42.12 billion, private car 
third party will be about ₹13.49 billion.  
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
Coming back to your question on growth, on what’s happened as 
we've been explaining for the last few quarters is that we took 
some calibrated call on readjusting our portfolios away from 
certain private car segments, given the pricing competition that 
we saw on the private car own damage side, and increasing on 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 33 
the CV side, again, very calibrated very selective calls, based on 
ground level insights, plus some experimentation that we've been 
doing for the last three years to figure out if some of these books 
are going to be better risk for us. Now, in retail, when you cut 
down the number goes away immediately, but to build up it takes 
some time. So, I think on the commercial side, the growth 
momentum has now picked up and what we have been indicating 
is that, if you look at our overall portfolio mix, unlike the market, 
where out of the total motor book, roughly 45% will be commercial 
vehicle that was for us in the teens, maybe 15% to 17%. That, as 
we've been saying should go to roughly in the mid-20s. So, that 
journey has now started, we will have to see if we can maintain 
the momentum of both of March, but clearly the increase in the 
market share of CV is something that we expect going ahead. 
Gopal Balachandran:  And your last question on fire loss ratio Shreya again, I think that's 
one segment where we keep talking about that a quarterly loss 
ratio may not necessarily be reflective of the underlying outcome 
of the performance, a better number to look at would be the 
financial year numbers. In fact, within that, there could be years 
where because of let's say various large losses or catastrophic 
years, in fact, the loss ratio of that particular risk segment could 
get impacted. So, hence, quarterly numbers may not necessarily 
kind of reflect the underlying outcome, look at more the annual 
numbers for the fire part of the business.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Saraf 
from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Saraf:  
Thanks for the opportunity. So I just had some follow on questions 
asked. So, you mentioned that in the CVs we are looking at a 
higher mix, so what is giving us confidence of maintaining or 
containing the loss ratios in that if you can just give us a few more 
details in the kind of experiments that you have done and where 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 33 
are we deriving this confidence from? Secondly, if you can help 
me understand, I believe that we have taken hikes in Motor OD 
segment, what would be the average quantum of hike that we 
would have taken, which car segment and is it across the board 
for new cars or it is across for new or old cars?  
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
Thanks, Abhishek. So, in terms of increasing our CV mix I think 
we have been talking about the way we handle this. Again to 
reiterate the point it is not as in we believe the whole CV portfolio 
is suddenly turned viable or sustainable or profitable. If you look 
at the overall industry mix, CV will be 45% to 50%. We are not 
talking about going anywhere near that number. Now what we've 
been doing for the last few years, again we have various times 
talked about this is that based on ground level insights, based on 
some changes that we're seeing both at in certain micro 
segments, certain markets, based on certain usage patterns or 
accident patterns that are changing in certain states or even some 
amount of the regulatory and the compliance standards in some 
of these markets, we have been identifying some segments that 
we believe are viable today than what they were in the in the past 
and what we've been doing as a company is that we've been 
taking small bets to see writing small amounts of business, 
reserving at a level where we believe it is very very conservative, 
but allowing the team to write some of those businesses to see 
what is the experience that we have over the next two to three 
years. Some of the experiments have proved to be in line with our 
expectations. So, those are areas where we are scaling up 
businesses. So, that's the confidence that we're getting in terms 
of the segments of business. Now in terms of the approach that 
we are taking is not just looking at loss ratio. We look at the 
combined ratio in terms of sourcing costs and loss ratio together 
and wherever there is, viability, that’s where we're taking those 
calls. In terms of private car, the increases reasonably across 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 33 
board there are one or two OEMs, which haven't agreed, we are 
discussing, but most of the areas we've taken price increases. 
Abhishek Saraf:  
Thanks for that answer Bhargav. Just if you can help and share 
to understand the quantum of hikes on an average that we would 
have taken. 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
It would be single digit, it's not as if you've taken a huge hike, it 
will be a single digit hike. 
Abhishek Saraf:  
Okay, that's pretty helpful. Secondly, I just noticed that in the 
calamity losses, our share of losses have actually gone up in this 
year. So, is it only because of integration with Bharti AXA or is 
there more to it? Is our share of premium gone up proportionately, 
in line with the losses as well? 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
Yeah, so this was largely the cyclone Tauktae that you're talking 
about. If you look at the last 10 to 12 catastrophic events, our 
share of losses have been significantly lower than our normal 
market share. In Tauktae, we had two of our corporate exposures 
that got hit. So, it was an unfortunate event, not as if there was a 
large impact across board. So, that's why we have an impact in 
Tauktae. Because in those cases, we're in the western market 
where we have a slightly higher share than our natural market 
share. So, when you look at loss share that we’ve got relative to 
the market share in these market it is again lower. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha 
from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha:  
Thanks for the opportunity. Your loss ratios for Motor OD and 
Motor TP and especially Motor TP actually, for Q4FY22 have 
risen quite materially and if you look at the quarter-by-quarter 
trend, there is quite a bit of volatility. Now, you know when we look 
into the future, how should we be thinking about it? Should we 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 33 
look at the exit rate more appropriate for next year or the full year 
rate as a base and so how do you project these things or how do 
you look at it? 
Gopal Balachandran:  So If you look at on the motor own damage segment, the exit rates 
for Q4 will be largely reflective of the trend line that one could 
potentially see so far as the way forward is concerned and the 
reason why we are saying is in line with what we had discussed 
in our earlier calls. The thought process is to try and see how we 
can get significantly into writing businesses, which will be 
relatively driven more on high loss ratios and relatively lower cost 
of sourcing. That's the thought process that we have in terms of 
increasingly building the book and that's the reason why I would 
say Q4FY22 on the motor own damage is largely reflective of 
what one could experience at least in so far as the trend line for 
the future is concerned. Having said that, obviously we continue 
to kind of micro segment the portfolio to see which are the 
segments which we want to risk select and underwrite in terms of 
building the overall book, but the thought process is in line with, 
as I said, build a book, which is relatively high LR and low expense 
in so far as cost of sourcing is concerned. On the third-party 
portfolio, I think the full year numbers are largely representative 
of what one could experience in so far as the way forward is 
concerned, Q4FY22, specifically, is in line with what we had done 
in Q4 of last year, if you recollect, there were supreme court 
judgments which had come through this is where we had to revisit 
all the outstanding cases that we had as of the previous year, and 
we had to strengthen the reserving requirements, assuming the 
fact that we could expect an increase in average claim payout 
consequent to those judgments on the outstanding cases as well. 
On the similar lines, what we've experienced over the last couple 
of years, which is for understandable reasons that the courts in 
India, which is predominantly where you get bulk of the motor third 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 33 
party orders being received, that has not been functioning at full 
force. While we have started to see particularly in Q4FY22 things 
coming back but over the last 3 to 6 quarters, courts have not 
necessarily been functioning at full swing. This obviously starts to 
have an impact on trend line  in settlements or closures of cases 
of third party that would have been done relative to the historical 
past, which would mean given the fact that there has been some 
lag in the extent of closures that we would have normally seen, 
which could happen in the future period, we obviously have to 
factor in for or maybe build an element of further inflation 
assumption as a part of our reserving books, particularly the 
element of interest that we'll have to add, in so far as our reserving 
requirements are concerned and hence the trend line for full year 
on the third party book will be more representative of what one 
could expect so far as future is concerned. One should also be 
mindful Madhukar is that given the fact that we strengthened the 
reserving book of the motor third party pool, as you would have 
seen in terms of the enhanced disclosures, this element of 
increased interest, or increased inflation that we have built in as 
a part of the reserve however, on an aggregate basis, we have 
the motor third party book, which is actually reflecting a small 
amount of reserve release.  
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
Just to add to what Gopal said, effectively, what we are looking at 
is combined rather than loss ratio. When we are selecting 
business and the attempt is to bring the combined more under 
control, not just look at the loss ratio. 
Madhukar Ladha:  
Right. I'm guessing the competitive intensity is driving us in this 
direction and that's why we see lower commission ratios and 
expense ratios in Q4FY22 is that right to say? And what would be 
the trend for FY23. 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 33 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
So more than the competitive intensity, the competitive intensity 
is driving up the overall combined for motor, but if you look from 
a pure ROE perspective, businesses which are high loss ratio, but 
low expense ratios are better businesses, because the expenses 
is upfront. Loss ratio comes over a period. 
Madhukar Ladha:  
And our expectation on integration with Bharti Axa and what 
should be our expense ratios we expect in FY22-23, any guidance 
on that? 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
Synergy numbers as Gopal had explained. 
Gopal Balachandran:  So, very difficult to put out a number Madhukar because I think 
on the one side, we have put out what will be the annualized 
synergy numbers as part of the opening remarks, having said that 
let’s say for the year FY23, or maybe the year thereafter, we will 
want to continue to stay invested in building some of our 
expansion plans, particularly what we have spoken about on the 
health agency distribution side. We want to continue to stay 
invested on building our digital opportunities that we see, 
including the investments in technology and claim service. So, we 
are pretty much largely on track in order to realize the benefits of 
synergy, but at the same time, we would want to use some of 
these synergies to increase in the opportunity on account of the 
renewed growth momentum that we have seen for ourselves.  
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
If you remember what we had discussed, when we did the 
transaction, we had said that for a couple of years, our combined 
ratio will be elevated and then it will start coming down. If you see 
our combined ratio for this quarter relative to the last few quarters, 
it's already trending down. So, that is an ongoing effort that you 
will make to keep the combined ratio under control. Now, we also 
said that as a strategy rather than bring combined down to 100% 
and delivering a 20% ROE, we want to keep on investing and 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 33 
grow the book a bit faster. Consequently, the ROE may have 
come down to the high teen. But improvement in combined ratio, 
should continue. 
Madhukar Ladha:  
I was reading the notes to accounts there is a ₹ 65 crore payment 
of GST under protest and an additional agreement to pay ₹ 40 
crore, can you explain that? 
Gopal Balachandran:  So, these are couple of matters that we put out as a part of that 
disclosure on the notes to accounts. As an insurance company, 
we are entitled to claim input credit in settlement of motor claims 
both with respect to the arrangement that we have either on a 
cashless or whether on a reimbursement basis. In so far as, the 
GST department is concerned, they seem to allege that possibly 
we are not entitled to claim certain inputs with respect to some of 
those motor claims. So, that's one. The second aspect is in 
respect of realization as a part of claims settlement, in the context 
of motor portfolio, we do end up having certain element of 
salvage, the view of the department is that on that particular 
amount of salvage, there should be an element of GST 
applicability. We have taken expert opinions and consulted senior 
counsels on this in terms of the stand that the company on both 
matters with respect to the eligibility of input credit or motor claim, 
as well as whether there will be any element of applicability of 
GST insofar as salvage is concerned. The stand of the company 
is pretty much well found and it is legally correct. So, at this point 
of time, that's the reason why the amount of ₹ 65 crore is paid 
under protest and another ₹ 40 crore is something that we are 
committed to pay. In due course, we will be filing the refund for 
getting this amounts back, but at this point of time these amounts 
are largely paid under protest. What we clearly understand is that, 
this is something which is applicable more at an industry level and 
hence to that extent we will work collectively at an industry level 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 33 
and ensure that we are able to get the rightful amount that is due 
back to us. 
Madhukar Ladha:  
Understood. So, this is an industry phenomenon.  
 
Gopal Balachandran:  Absolutely. So, the tax issues is not specific to ICICI Lombard, 
both the issues are applicable at an industry level.  
 
Madhukar Ladha:  
 Got it. Thanks. That's very helpful. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal 
Oswal Financial Service. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain:  
Good evening everyone. Firstly, could you talk about the health 
claim ratios on the retail side in particular on the group health, 
how are they fared in Q4FY22 and are they back to pre-COVID 
levels or there are certain elements which are still ahead with 
respect to COVID and how do you see this going ahead?  
Gopal Balachandran:  So, if you look at the health loss ratios, which has been given in 
the aggregate on the presentation deck, the breakup of that in 
terms of the employer employee portfolio, or let's say the 
corporate book, that number for Q3FY22 was 93.1%. That 
number for Q4FY22 is 95.3% and on the retail indemnity book, 
the loss ratios in Q3FY22 was about 65.7% and for Q4FY22 that 
number stands at about 57.6%. 
Prayesh Jain:  
The retail definitely has come up and this is more of a normalized 
level now, and we can presume it to be in a similar trajectory going 
on, right? 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 33 
Gopal Balachandran:  So, when you look at, on the corporate, employer-employee book, 
we've always been saying, particularly the large corporates tends 
to kind of operate at a loss ratio, which could be ranging anywhere 
between 95% -100%, and in so far as relatively small and mid-
corporate book is concerned, they generally tend to operate on 
again the employer employee part at anywhere between 90% - 
95%, which is why on a blended basis, one generally gets to see 
the loss ratios which are relatively around those mid-nineties 
threshold. However, the cost of acquisition with respect to these 
businesses, particularly the large corporates tends to be more 
direct and hence to that extent on aggregate basis on a combined 
ratio book, it becomes viable for us to underwrite. Having said 
that, I think over the last three quarters we have been talking 
through particularly on the employer-employee book, given the 
fact that we have seen particularly this year, the impact of COVID 
losses playing out, we have been effecting clearly price increases. 
Insofar as the renewal of the portfolio is concerned, while we had 
indicated a price increase in the range of 15% - 20%, during our 
Q1 earnings call, but subsequently, as in when the actual 
renewals have happened, we have been able to sight realizations 
which have been slightly higher than that and even with the 
increased price realization, we have been able to clearly hold on 
to, more than 90% of the renewals in so far as the employer-
employee on the corporate book is concerned. On the retail side, 
again, the thought process is pretty much similar. We continue to 
keep looking at the portfolio outcome in terms of what is the 
desired loss ratio of the book. In general, I think particularly an 
indemnity book, depending on the book that you write, the loss 
ratios could range anywhere between, 60% to 70% on a steady 
state, whereas the relative cost of acquisition in the initial period 
would tend to be relatively higher given the investments that we're 
making on building distribution. So, that's what I would say in 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 33 
steady state loss experiences are concerned both on the 
corporate health on the retail indemnity book. 
Prayesh Jain:  
If we look at another efforts that players like you all have taken 
with regards to tech enabled claims settlement processes on the 
health side or on the motor side, there are several initiatives that 
have been taken. So, do you see these benefits of these efforts, 
will get more reflected in the pricing coming down or it will 
translate into more combined ratio improvement? So, what was 
the strategy that ILOM will be adopting, in order to take benefits 
of these measures? 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
So, in terms of our long term thought process, just what you're 
talking about is definitely correct. But it's only one element of what 
we are, how we are building this. So, for example, on our claims, 
on the health side, we have launched the AI driven authorization 
ML Engine for settling claims for corporates that's currently 
running at shade lower than 60%. We believe that number will 
keep increasing as we go along, but this ofcourse is at multiple 
levels. So, if you think about it the entire approach with IL 
TakeCare was to look at an engagement and a continuum of care 
approach with corporates. And we believe there are multiple 
advantages of that beyond, cross sell, upsell, engagement, 
renewals, etc. Even at the time of claims, we believe in the longer 
term, we will see some benefits. So, we are already beginning to 
see that on more than 40% of our corporate clients claims are 
coming even reimbursement cases are coming through the app. 
What we've seen in the past is when we moved the entire claim 
service in house back in 2008-09, we were able to run the 
complete data and do a lot of analytics around it, at that point in 
time control frauds better. On top of it, we've built a lot of capability 
again, using artificial intelligence to identify fraudulent claims 
better. Now, as we digitize the entire journey, the ability to run 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 33 
those engines are even better. So, we are already beginning to 
see some benefits in terms of fraudulent claims being managed 
better. Lastly, we believe if you can drive the video consultation / 
teleconsultation as a model to even control unnecessary 
hospitalizations that could be additional benefit. So, overall there 
is a very comprehensive thought process in terms of using 
technology to both, give better convenience of service to 
customers and in the process improve our relative loss costs for 
the health claims. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from Spark 
Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha:  
Thank you for the opportunity. The price hike which we have 
taken in Motor OD which we have said is largely limited to new 
business or we have taken price hike in the renewal premium too. 
And just wanted to check whether it is just limited to cars? 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
Largely to New private car Sanket. 
Sanketh Godha:  
Okay, so, that means the price hikes we have taken will help in 
improving the loss ratios, which are currently stating FY22 and 
73% in four quarters. So, expect improvement in the loss ratio 
because of this current price hike. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
We will have to see a few things. You know one of the things that 
we are watching very closely is the claim inflation because the 
input costs are going up for everyone. So, there is a risk that there 
will be claim inflation though till now in spite of the inflation the 
team has managed it really well in terms of controlling the ACS or 
average claim size inflation. We are also as you know driving a 
lot of our non-OEM source policies through our PPN network, that 
number is really gone up this year. So we are trying multiple 
strategies to prevent that from going up. But fact of the matter is 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 33 
that we've seen significant increase in input costs. So, there is a 
risk that there will be an inflation because of that. If that happens, 
then we will not be able to see that benefit. But our sense is that 
at this point in time where the private car Motor OD loss ratios 
are, it needs a price increase ipso facto whether we factor in 
inflation or not. So difficult to predict whether we see improvement 
in loss ratio, if the ACS inflation doesn't happen, the answer is 
yes, but we would have to guard against that. 
Sanketh Godha:  
But is this an industry phenomenon? Will the price hike like you're 
seeing happen across the place. The reason I'm asking is that is 
a potential risk for our market share loss, if we are the only guys 
who have taken prices? 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
We do not think so because if you see the market share 
recalibration that we had to do we've effectively done this year. If 
you see our Motor OD market share this year has gone down 
largely for that reason, right, because we felt that the pricing was 
not adequate, there we are focusing on the effort that we are 
building in terms of our digital agency channels maybe some of 
the slightly older segment, we remain reasonably confident about 
holding on to a market share in the Motor OD side and something 
that we've been saying that during these two years have been 
unusual, because people have benefited from lockdowns at 
different times on the motor portfolio right. Traditionally, wherever 
we see pricing, aggression, it lasts for 12 to 18 months and then 
things correct back, we were talking about a pricing correction 
requirement even before pandemic. So, market was in our opinion 
ready for that and then because of pandemic there was people 
felt no need because of frequency came down. We believe the 
market will have to rebalance and correct this year and we are 
seeing the trends, we are seeing trends even with price increase 
price correction that we are doing we are holding on to a market 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 33 
share, you've seen our March numbers and the trend line remains 
that way. 
Sanketh Godha:  
Got it, and on the Motor TP business, you said that mid-teens of 
contribution of CV to the entire Motor TP business will reach to 
mid-20s. So, just wondering that have you identified a particular 
product segment where you can increase the test market or 
contribution to 10% whether it is like a SCVs or auto rickshaws or 
kaali-peeli, which are the segments which you have identified 
which will drive this increasing the contribution and so the loss 
ratios.  
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
So, it's not just at that level of segmentation is significantly more 
granular, which obviously I don't want to get into, but we've looked 
at down to RTO level parameter take those calls, not just in terms 
of product at an overarching level, but we've done a lot more deep 
analysis on the ground in terms of various sectors beyond 
categories and on that basis, we've taken this call. If you see our 
market share, it's not a 10% shift that we'll talk about as we speak 
in the Q3FY22 number also came too close to 20%. So, we are 
talking about that number going to mid-20s is not that bigger 
stretch and as I said when we started doing those experiments 
about 3 years back, and we watch the data for the last three years, 
almost 80% to 85% of the experiments have worked out well for 
us. That's where we are kind of expanding. So, yes, a lot more 
micro segmentation than those this type of vehicle that you're 
talking about. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Neeraj Toshniwal from UBS 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Neeraj Toshniwal:  
Wanted to understand what will be the Motor TP hike on 
aggregate levels? 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 23 of 33 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
Roughly about 3%. 
Neeraj Toshniwal:  
How much is that due to the change in mix within the Motor TP 
with higher CV? Would that be material with the pockets that we 
identified?  We have grown substantially higher in March, 2022 in 
Motor TP. Wanted to get more sense how more sustainable it is 
and what kind of run-rate we can expect going forward, with 
increasing losses?   
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
Neeraj your voice is still not clear. But if you're asking because of 
the Motor TP price hike and the run rate of growth that we've seen 
in March, 2022 and if it is linked.  
So if you look at the increase that is being proposed, we will have 
to wait for the final increases, the increases for the long term 
Motor TP policy is a bit higher. So, there our new business should 
benefit. The approach on the CV business is what we explained 
earlier that we are picking up segments on a combined ratio basis, 
maybe the expense ratio is a bit low, but the loss ratio could be a 
bit high, but in aggregate, our combined ratio is what we are 
focusing on in terms of building in a more disciplined manner. 
Neeraj Toshniwal:  
On Motor OD. How are we looking at price intensity if it doesn't 
go down? So, do we have any strategy in mind? 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
I think that It should be, because as we are explaining normally 
we've seen over the last several year since de-tariffication, we've 
seen these episodes aggression in the private car and Motor OD 
segment but it does not sustain beyond 18 months or 24 months, 
this time, it's been close to three and a half years. So, two of those 
years have been pandemic, so we believe it was also driven by 
the fact that during pandemic people saved on claims cost. So, if 
you look at the industry, we don't believe people can sustain these 
kind of pricing aggression for too long, but we'll have to see and 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 24 of 33 
as I said, when we are doing price increases, we are sensing that 
market will also expecting something like this. 
Neeraj Toshniwal:  
And one last question, on the retail indemnity with the agents 
onboarding, how much delta we can expect in terms of growth 
coming in and what timelines if at all? 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
See you have seen the delta in the month of March itself. We are 
reasonably confident of sustaining that way going ahead. In fact, 
as we explained that when you hire agency managers, they come 
on board, which takes about 2 to 3 months for them to even build 
their channels of agents, and then the agent start getting 
productive. So, as of now, we've only hired about 750, the balance 
250 are expected to come in and the initial signs in terms of the 
hiring of agents that they've done, if you look at this quarter we've 
added almost 8,000 agents plus for this quarter, so it's picking up 
the faction is high. So, there's no reason to think that this gap in 
our performance vis-a-vis the industry should drop. In fact, we 
should be able to build momentum, we are actually very optimistic 
about that that channel that we are building. If you see, just the 
last quarter our agency channel has grown by about 29.5%. So, I 
don't see a reason why it should be lower than that for the next 
year. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chetan Thacker 
from ASK Investment Manager. Please go ahead. 
Chetan Thacker:  
Good evening, sir. So, two questions. One is on the health side, 
just wanted to understand how should we view combined over a 
longer term, both for group and retail put together and the mix that 
you're targeting. The second would be on the ₹775 crore expense 
that is there in the shareholder account, which does not pertain to 
the insurance business. So, what does that exactly pertain to? 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 25 of 33 
Gopal Balachandran:  Let me explain the second one Chetan, it's not that those are 
expenses not related to the insurance business. That's more 
classification requirement in accordance with the regulatory 
prescription. The regulator has laid down limits for all players in 
the market to comply with limits on expenses of management for 
the company as a whole. For ICICI Lombard we are in compliance 
with those limits at an aggregate level. Having said that, what the 
regulator has also stipulated is individual limits for some of the 
sub segments of businesses within the aggregate portfolio. And 
in case if in any of those sub segments of businesses within the 
aggregate portfolio and based on the allocation of expenses that 
have happened to those individual sub segments in case we 
exceed, then to that extent, from a classification standpoint, those 
amounts are separately required to be given on the face of the 
profit and loss statement, which is why you find a large amount 
being reflected there, but equally you would possibly see the 
revenue account statement a contra for the same. 
Chetan Thacker:   
There is a counter entry which is moving from shareholder to 
policyholder  
Gopal Balachandran:  Exactly so it's more a classification requirement that is stipulated 
as far as regulatory guidelines are concerned. But as I said, for 
ICICI Lombard it is at an aggregate level, in accordance with the 
requirement of regulation, we are in compliance with those limits. 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
So, coming back to first question on health, look at the stage as 
Gopal explained as in the corporate book, it is a high loss ratio 
business in the 90’s (%). But the cost of sourcing is low. So, it 
stays in the just shade above 100% and 105%. We want to 
continue to write that business because the entire volume also 
helps us in terms of the network and all the other aspects, that's 
corporate relationships plus, we are doing a lot of work with the 
IL TakeCare app with corporates to see what we can do in terms 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 26 of 33 
of cross-sell and upsell. So, that's something that we want to stay 
invested. But that's the range that we expect going ahead. On the 
retail we are investing and that's why when I in my opening 
remarks, I talked about the overall investment that we are making 
in distribution and technology. So, retail indemnity, the health 
agency team that we are scaling up, obviously at this point in time 
is these will be high combined ratio. Our sense is that you have 
to take a couple of years for us to see that coming in line with our 
numbers, because we want to keep on investing you know in that 
segment for some time, at least for the next couple of years 
Chetan Thacker:  
Sir next five years out would 95% combined for health be a 
number that we can work with. So, I understand it will be a buildup 
and then things will scale up, so just wanted a longer term picture. 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
I am worried about five year numbers because none of us can 
predict five-year numbers my sense is that of course, the 
combined will obviously come under much better control. I do not 
believe that the number can be a low 90’s (%) that some people 
articulate, we don't believe that can sustain in the Indian market. 
So, you have to bring down your combined ratios, which may be 
closer to 100% not closer to 90%.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek Poddar 
from the Nippon India Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Poddar:  
Sir just one small clarification, have you diluted your ROE 
aspirations for growth and hence, the journey toward 100% 
combined ratio might not be something which we would look for. 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
Yes, what we've been saying is that we want to invest in some of 
these segments of business largely digital and health agency and 
we have said that while we on the integrated bases on a pro forma 
basis, we were about 104%. If you look at 2020 pro forma, we had 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 27 of 33 
said that we would want to bring it down closer to our normal 
target number of 100% but we do want to invest a bit in terms of 
gearing up these businesses towards that if the ROE comes down 
below 20%, we are okay it will be in the high teens may not be 
20%. 
Prateek Poddar:  
But sir is it because of competitive pressures that or it is just a 
more of a strategy. I remember earlier in our conversations, 
always the focus was on ROE and not diluting combined ratio, like 
there has been some change in this? 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
So, a bit of both honestly, if you see the on the health side is more 
strategic because of the investment if you remember some of the 
conversations that we've had, that the health indemnity side, we 
were building up some of the capabilities, both in the outpatient 
OPD product and the IL TakeCare app, now that we've done that 
we want to scale up the business. So, that's a strategic call. The 
rest, of course, given the current context in the market, the market 
remains very aggressive, then we don't want to kind of loose 
market share beyond a level. If, however, market corrects there 
will be an opportunity to bring combined ratio into our comfort 
zone, but at this point in time, it's a bit of both, investment both in 
the agency and also in digital to scale up the business for the 
future. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hitesh Gulati from 
Haitong. Please go ahead. 
Hitesh Gulati:  
Thank you for giving me the opportunity. Out of the ~88,000 
agents that we have mentioned how many would be selling health 
for us, and also in continuation with health. ICICI Bank has started 
selling indemnity, how much of this can be kind of like go up or 
what can be the growth path here and also, is there any update 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 28 of 33 
on HDFC Bank and Axis selling health for us or after Bharti AXA 
partnership? 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
So, let me take it in the reverse order. So, in terms of the key 
banca partners that we got through the acquisition, we are very 
happy with the way those partnerships are developing. As of now, 
they are primarily focusing on SME and Motor Products. But I'm 
sure there'll be opportunities to distribute health in due course and 
if you see the growth of that channel, while the aggregate banca 
partners of BAGIC, as we said, is growing at about 15.9%. I think 
these two partners have grown even faster. So, we are quite 
happy with the way that that those channels are shaping up. 
Coming to your question on the I-bank business. I think we've 
been talking about the fact that we had a base effect because of 
the decision of the bank not to sell benefit policies from Q3FY22 
of the previous year and that had an impact on this year number 
for nine months we've been saying that the base effect will fade 
out in this quarter. What the bank has decided to do is rather than 
selling benefit they're keen to sell indemnity, so we have 
structured suitable products for the bank and we've launched it. I 
don't want to give any guidance on whether the number will go up 
or down because at this point in time, we just started selling some 
of these products. We'll see how it goes along and then we will 
see what numbers we see, but at least the negative base that we 
had of the benefit book being there in the previous year and you 
know that business being stopped this year, that effect has now 
gone. 
Gopal Balachandran: 
And your last question on the number of health agents, that 
number will be about 6,000. 
Hitesh Gulati:  
Okay, so this last quarter we've added about 8,000 to 10,000 
agents, so not all of them are health. 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 29 of 33 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
We have separate channels one is motor, one is health, one in 
SME. Of course you know we work across the channels and try 
to cross sell, but we have dedicated channels for the three 
segments. 
Hitesh Gulati:  
Our advance premium number for March, 2022 is lower than 
December, 2021. So, that means Motor TP growth is more 
towards CV, is that understanding correct or it is towards a 
renewal premiums? 
Gopal Balachandran:  The combination of both relatively you're right to some extent 
given the fact that the contribution of CV in the overall motor 
growth is also higher in FY22 compared to FY21. So, that's 
obviously one contributor. Having said that, I think equally if you 
recollect what we had said even at the time when these long-term 
policy guidelines had come in we had said between the third and 
the fourth year this number of advance premium will pretty much 
start to peak because you will see the incremental numbers for 
advanced premium be more reflective of growth that we have, that 
we will achieve on the motor portfolio, which is what we have seen 
in FY2021-22. This is the year where it's been almost about three 
years since the time the new long-term guidelines had come. So, 
hence the reason why you see a small dip in the advance 
premium numbers in March, 2022.  
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
The other thing that we've been saying that new vehicle sales, 
both of private car and two wheelers have been quite low that is 
also happening. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Nidhesh Jain from Investec. 
Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain:  
Two questions. Firstly, a lot of Insurtech companies are scaling 
their agency business. So, how do we view this business? Do we 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 30 of 33 
see it as a threat or opportunity for us? Secondly, in the new 
private car segment have we lost market share or gained market 
share last year and just in the new private car segment? 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
Nidhesh let me answer the second question first. In the nine 
months we lost market share. That's why you know if you see our 
motor numbers were quite low relatively lower in the first nine 
months. This, quarter we have not lost as much we have lost a 
little bit in the private car side, but made up in the two wheeler and 
the CV side for the quarter. And our sense is that even on private 
cars, the recalibration of the portfolio and just alignment that we 
wanted to do given the pricing integration, they are largely behind 
us. So, we hope to see market share, even in private car segment 
being held on. Coming back to your first question on Insurtech, 
look,  at this point in time, we are partnering with almost all of 
them in terms of whether it is the long term, it's positive or 
negative there's one positive in terms of them potentially 
expanding as of now, they're not expanding the market really 
because they're more bringing the aggregating existing agents 
under their umbrella, but we hope that in due course, they will 
expand the market and grow and we are at this point in time 
working with all of them. On the web aggregator side, we are not 
with the digital aggregator, but on this segment we are working 
with them 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nischint 
Chawathe from Kotak Securities, please go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe:  
My question actually pertains to the last two slides of the 
presentation. And I think what you mentioned is that, based on 
the revised disclosures, you have split the reserving triangle 
disclosures between Motor TP and the others. Now, I think what 
we can see over here is that the reserves in the other segment is 
higher than Motor TP, if I look at it over the years So, how should 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 31 of 33 
one really be reading it? What is the interpretation of it? Is it 
something that you're reserving a little more conservative in the 
other segments?  
Gopal Balachandran:  So far as approach to reserving is concerned, fundamentally, 
there is no change in terms of the process that we follow for the 
current year relative to, what approach we have been following 
over the last several years and the approach is to kind of reserve 
conservatively at source and as and when each of this portfolio 
starts to develop in terms of loss experiences, you will possibly 
see whether the reserve estimates that we made at source was 
adequate or not so adequate. In some of these lines, the 
conservatism of reserving will start to play out faster. However, in 
certain long tail lines of businesses, that will obviously take a 
relatively longer time for you to reflect whether the reserves that 
we carried at source were adequate or not. Slide 29 and 30, 
indicate that businesses which have a relatively shorter tail, in so 
far as claim settlements is concerned, play out of the actual loss 
experience faster and you are able to see relative to the amount 
of reserves that we carry, you are able to see small amount of 
reserves releases, however, as far as the third party book is 
concerned, as I said, that's a book which is long tail and obviously 
it takes a longer horizon before which one can say whether the 
amount of reserves that we have kind of built in is appropriate or 
not. Having said that if you look at the information that gets put 
out, whether it is for motor third party or whether it is for the other 
lines of businesses other than third party, the information is given 
for the last 10 years and you can see over the last 10 year cycles, 
even after 10 years of development, both with respect to the 
motor third party triangle that you see as well as the other than 
motor third party triangles, our approach to reserving has played 
out to be conservative at source and both of them reflect small 
amount of reserve releases in the portfolio 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 32 of 33 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
We are actually very happy that this disclosure has been 
mandated by the regulatory. We've been asking for this disclosure 
for a long time. We are the first Company to disclose and now we 
are seeing more disclosures. It's not just Motor pool and 
aggregate triangles, there are further disclosures in Motor TP 
business for the running book, and the non TP business, which is 
a very good development. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen. We'll take that as 
the last question. I'll hand the conference to Mr. Bhargav 
Dasgupta for closing comments. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
Thank you, everyone for joining. If you have any other separate 
questions, feel free to reach out. We will be happy to take them 
separately. Thank you again. Take care and good night. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Lombard 
General Insurance Company Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
Safe Harbor: 
 
 
Except for the historical information contained herein, statements in this 
release which contain words or phrases such as 'will' , 'would' , 
‘indicating’ , ‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of 
such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. These 
forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and 
other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those 
suggested by the forward-looking statements. These risks and 
uncertainties include, but are not limited to our ability to successfully 
implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in business, the 

                           ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 21, 2022 
 
Page 33 of 33 
impact of any acquisitions, technological implementation and changes, 
the actual growth in demand for insurance products and services, 
investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, 
policies and actions of regulatory authorities; impact of competition; the 
impact of changes in capital, solvency or accounting standards, tax and 
other legislations and regulations in the jurisdictions as well as other risks 
detailed in the reports filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our Promoter company 
with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. ICICI Bank 
and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to 
reflect events or circumstances after the date there 
 
