 
Mastek Limited 
804/805, President House, Opp. C. N. Vidyalaya, Near Ambawadi Circle, Ahmedabad – 380 006 
Tel: +91-79-2656-4337 | Email: info@mastek.com | Web: www.mastek.com | CIN: L74140GJ1982PLC005215 
SEC/11/2022-23                                                                                                                                       April 27, 2022 
 
Listing Department 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Tel No. 022- 22723121 
Tel No.: 022- 26598100 
Fax No. 022- 22721919 
Fax No. 022-26598120 
SCRIP CODE: 523704 
SYMBOL: MASTEK 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Ma’am(s), 
 
Sub: Earnings Conference Call Transcript – Q4FY22. 
 
With reference to our Letter No. SEC/02/2022-23 dated April 8, 2022, please find enclosed herewith the call 
Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on the financial performance for the quarter and year ended March 
31, 2022, on Wednesday, April 20, 2022. 
 
The Transcript of the conference call can also be accessed from the website of the Company at www.mastek.com 
 
Request you to take the note of the above. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
Encl: A/A 
 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 52 
 
 
 
“Mastek Investor Day” 
 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HIRAL CHANDRANA –GLOBAL CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER  
MR. ABHISHEK SINGH – PRESIDENT UK & EUROPE 
MR. UMANG NAHATA – PRESIDENT AMERICAS & 
AMEA  
MR. ARUN AGARWAL – GLOBAL CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
MS. MANINDER KAPOOR PURI – GLOBAL CHRO 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. HIMANSHI CHATWANI   
 
MR. AMAN 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 52 
Himanshi Chatwani: 
Once again, a very good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you so much for taking the time 
out and joining us here. My name is Himanshi Chatwani and it gives me immense pleasure to 
welcome each and every one of you, to the Investors Day. 
Well, firstly, before we begin, I am sure that, we are quite glad now be in the physical space, 
and actually see each other, and hear each other well. So, just as we begin this event may I 
request you to turn to the person sitting to the right or the left, and just shake hands with the 
person. And also, if you like the person who is sitting next to you, give them a smile as well 
when you shake their hands, wonderful. 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you once again for joining us here. Today, Mastek leaders would 
be sharing insights on Vision 2025 and their growth plans to create tangible value, for all our 
stakeholders with velocity, the value that we have built on a strong foundation of trust over 40 
years. 
Ladies and gentlemen, may I also give you a little bit of insight into some of the recognitions 
that we have achieved: 
o 
Recognized in Gartner Digital Commerce Vendor Guide, 2021. 
o 
Finalist in European Software Testing Award categories. 
o 
Best Employee Relations and Engagement Strategy 2021/2022. 
o 
Best Employer Brand Award 2021. 
o 
The Visionary CISO Award 2022. 
o 
Global CFO at India's 12th Annual CFO100 Roll of Honour. 
o 
The Futuristic 100 at the 16th Edition of CIO100. 
o 
IIM-A Ashank Desai Centre for Leadership and Organization Development, 
Professional Excellence in Procurement and Workplace Management at 134th 
Mumbai Leadership Award Summit. 
These are just a few of the recognitions that I have taken you through. 
Well, during this meet, apart from talking about our performance, we will also be covering our 
big bets, regional focus and expanding the global footprint. You will get a comprehensive view 
on how Mastek is geared up to ‘Decomplex Digital’ for all of our stakeholders with Trust, Value, 
and Velocity. 
Well as we begin this event today let me begin by quoting a dynamic member, who is with us 
here today. Well, this is also the mission that I am also highlighting. “Mastek’s purpose is to 
help our clients achieve their goals, whether it is to save lives, or create new revenue streams. 
We enable success for our clients, employees and the societies, at large that we live in. We do 
this through trusted long term partnerships, delivering innovative business and digital solutions, 
and creating sustainable time to value for our stakeholders.” 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 52 
With this, ladies and gentlemen, allow me to kick start the proceedings, with, for the opening 
remarks. And for this may I please invite on stage, the very member, whose quote I just referred 
to, please join me in welcoming up on stage. Mr. Hiral Chandrana, Global CEO, Mastek Group. 
Well, he has over 25 plus years of global experience with a proven track record in IT services 
and digital solutions across a diverse set of industries. Please join me in welcoming him up on 
stage. 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Good afternoon. Alright. So, nice to see everyone, I know it's been a challenging last two years. 
We have had interactions with many of you virtually. And seeing some of you in-person is just 
fantastic. All the investors and analysts that have made Mastek and we are proud to be here in 
front of you today. 
We have many members of our leadership team, some of our Founders, and we will talk through 
how we are gearing up as an organization, to deliver value for not just our customers, but our 
employees, our societies and our investors. 
So, I will get started. But I just wanted to set the stage with a couple of comments. We are here 
for the next hour and a half, two hours where we will cover a lot of content. And I am sure there 
is a lot more questions. So, we have left about an hour or so towards the end for Q&A. We would 
request all of you to stay for dinner as well. And there are a few other things that we have even 
after the sessions are completed. I am just going to make a few opening remarks and then we 
will get through the various sessions. 
The May 14th of 2022 which is coming up here, in a couple of weeks, we are going to be actually 
completing 40 rich years of heritage as an organization. Very proud of the journey that we have 
had. There are various accomplishments along the way that have taken us to this point. And it 
will take us a few hours just to cover some of that. So, this is not about that today. But what we 
would like to share with you is some of our strategy for the future. And some of the big bets that 
we are placing, that will set us apart from our competition. 
Here are some of the accomplishments, Himanshi talked about a few already. But in the last 9  
to 12 months, we have had some amazing set of awards and recognitions. And many of you 
would have seen it in the press and some of the announcements. I think each one has some really 
interesting kind of nuances to it. But very recently, Tech Market in the UK, which covers this 
extensively, recognized Mastek as the Top 10 fastest growing providers. And this is among a 
very wide variety of companies that we were listed again. So, that's something that we are very 
proud of. 
As you know, a couple of years back, we integrated our Oracle business which was Evosys, it 
has demonstrated some amazingly fast growth. We continue to be listed in Gartner's Magic 
Quadrant, and we are very proud of how we differentiate ourselves in the Oracle space. Industry 
recognizes us in this area, even among Accenture, Infosys, KPMG, some very large players. 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 52 
The Economic Times recently listed us, and actually gave us a couple of different awards, so 
some of those are quoted as well. One very interesting Award that we received recently, is the 
Best Places to Work for Women. As you know, environment, social values, governance, which 
is ESG is very critical for us. And the focus on diversity and the focus on continuing to look at 
social values is important to us. So, we are very proud of this award as well. 
All of you would have seen some of the quarterly numbers that we announced last night and this 
morning. We are proud not just of Q4, but the full year FY22 Results, which have been very 
consistent. It's demonstration of solid execution. While we look at the numbers in itself, we do 
want to highlight some areas which are important not just from a current fiscal year perspective, 
but even from the future. Fortune 1000 Clients which we track very closely, we now have 20 of 
them. And this is an important indicator of how large enterprise clients are actually engaging 
with Mastek. The revenue, the EBITDA, as well as the Profit-After-Tax all have had record 
numbers, and you can see the numbers on the screen. But we are also very proud of our order 
backlog. And this is an indicator which sets us up for FY23, which is the fiscal year that we are 
already in. We have actually now crossed 5000 Mastekeers, and this is our employees and people 
who really make things happen. It's not just a few individuals, it's our entire team and workforce 
that makes things happen. 
We have a corporate video that we would like to play so hopefully you like it, our marketing 
team has worked very hard and put this together. So, if you can play the video, please. 
(Audio Visual Presentation) 12:22 
Alright, I think our marketing team deserves a big hand. Prajakta, Ninad, can you stand up 
Kashmira. Hopefully, you got a glimpse of what we are about and what we have done, and what 
we can do. 
Let me quickly close with a couple more comments before I hand it off to Abhishek. We have a 
strong aspiration and ambition to get to a billion dollars in a few years. And we want to do it in 
the early part of the second half of the decade. And we realize it's a steep climb. And it's not 
going to be an easy journey. But we are gearing up and we have an excellent leadership team. 
But what's more important than just the numbers is, we really want to be the best places to work. 
We believe that our talent is really what will make things happen. And our differentiated delivery 
model is really what's going to create customer delight. So, this is going to be critical as part of 
our journey together. 
The road to that journey is going to have a lot of different initiatives, lot of different priorities. 
And I want to call out a couple of them because these are elements that we are focused on and 
that we are betting on. 
 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 52 
Just to give you a glimpse of some of the numbers.  
Our Healthcare industry as a whole, globally, is a $10 trillion industry. In the U.S. that industry 
is about $4.5 trillion. The $4.5 trillion that is spent on Healthcare is a massive amount, and that's 
something that we are going after. Mastek started work in the Healthcare industry, almost 20 
years back. Evosys which is part of the organization now started working in the healthcare 
organizations, 15 years back. And the type of technology that is getting adopted with IoT, with 
devices, even in the medical device space is humongous. So, we want to double down on 
healthcare, particularly in North America but globally as well. 
Oracle Cloud will continue to be a big bet for us. Umang and Abhishek will both talk about it. 
We have recently realigned our organization so that we are going into the market as one 
integrated Mastek, with again differentiated talent and a very differentiated delivery model, 
which is going to be focused on business outcomes. While, people will be our engine and levers 
for growth, we want to deliver business value for our customers. And we are going to do it 
through differentiated delivery models. 
A lot of work that we do, actually, most of the work that we do is either in the Digital Engineering 
space or in the Cloud transformation space. We want to differentiate ourselves through what we 
are calling Cloud Enhancement Services. This is where Managed Services is done in a very 
different way. Our business is about delivering projects, delivering implementations, but we 
want to continue our stickiness with the customers through annuity contracts for longer term. 
And we will do this through the Cloud Enhancement Services. 
Public sector in the UK, which Abhishek is going to talk about, is a massive bet for us. We have 
some very large accounts; we have done some marquee work. There are some learnings from 
that and we believe that there's some more room to grow, over the multiple years that we see 
going forward. And some of the framework deals that we are engaged in there is some game 
changing technologies that are getting adopted there. 
Last but not the least, while some of this is going to be done organically, we are continuously 
looking at inorganic means as well. And Cloud Platforms, Automation, Customer Experience 
and Data Cloud are the areas that we focused on. And we feel this will give us the right 
combination and ammunition, combined with our organic growth to deliver what we are set to 
deliver. 
With that I want to turn it over to Abhishek. And I guess I will call Himanshi back. Thank you. 
Himanshi Chatwani: 
Thank you so much, sir, for sharing all those wonderful insights. Also, ladies and gentlemen, we 
have seen what's in the present and what's in store for the future as well. We have gotten quite 
an insight in that. 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 52 
With that, like Sir said, I would like to now invite up on stage Mr. Abhishek Singh, President, 
UK and Europe. Abhishek’s major focus is driving continued improvement in financial and 
operational performance whilst enhancing employee and customer satisfaction levels. He has 
two decades of experience in the Information Technology, Healthcare, Financial Services, and 
BPM industries across both India and the United States including organizations like Firstsource 
Solutions and Tech Mahindra. 
Also during the course of the evening, if you feel like putting your hands together at any point, 
please do so. Don't wait for me at all. And I would like to now hand over the podium to Mr. 
Singh. 
Abhishek Singh: 
Thank you. It is great to meet all of you present here, in-person and virtually after a very, very 
long time in a different role. Many of us we have interacted albeit in a different role. 
So, there couldn't be more exciting time of leading the UK, Ireland and Europe business of 
Mastek, given the phenomenal growth potential that we are staring at where we have significant 
credential. It is about industrializing what we have got already. 
So, with that, I would like to move to the first slide. This is about just the potential where we 
have been for 30 years, Mastek is born in India, graduated in UK, and spent 30 years in UK, 
known for its public sector heritage, which is its Crown Jewel. It's a £13 to £14 billion market 
growing at 2%. However, the digital part of it is growing in teens; that gives you an idea of the 
market that we are trying to address. 
If you look at it by the sectors, the five sectors that we have listed there, Central Government, 
Local Government, Healthcare, Defense, Education, barring education where we have just 
started the remaining four sectors, we are strongly present and for multi-years. These sectors 
have got multimillion pound engagements going on year after year. In these places, our wallet 
share is 10% to 15%, 20% tops. So, if you look at the headroom for growth, there is significant 
space there. So, you don't have to go and acquire the customers, you just have to work the 
customers, better. And you have to solve their business problems so that you can increase your 
wallet share. 
If you look at the activity there, our strongest point is Solutions & Software space, it’s the 
Operation space 6.8 billion market there that we are moving towards but that's which is run and 
maintained type of work, our work is predominantly of build and implement. But if you go 
towards running and maintaining it, those are the annuity works. You move away from project 
to revenue certainty, and that's a much bigger market that we have already started addressing. 
So, again, just linking back to the potential of the space versus the newer areas within the space 
and that gives you an idea. Why should we succeed? You are already there for so many years. 
It's a niche space. The business is done based on the trust, the credibility of delivery that you 
have established, and most importantly, the insights that we have for various sectors based on 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 52 
trusted advisors, ex-civil servants, who are advisors on those spaces. You know the best part of 
it is, how do you evidence it, this is all our version, but it is best evidence in the successes and 
wins that you have had. If you look at the last six months, or H2 of this financial year, the type 
of wins, the sizes of those wins, allude to the growing confidence of our customers in what 
Mastek can deliver for them. 
Going by the memory last year, this time, the biggest deal that we had won was around £25 to 
£30 million. Less than a year's time that engagement with the same customer is £50 million plus. 
So, that tells you that we are getting recognized. We have built our capacity and capability to 
actually deliver to that requirement that's out there. 
And last, but definitely not the least, is the new structure that Hiral alluded to, the Oracle 
Business that we have. So, Oracle's biggest strength in the UK geography is also in the public 
sector. 50% plus of their business, and even the future projections that we got to know, 
interacting with them early April, was in the public sector space both in Central Government 
and Local Government. So, there are some significant synergistic benefits, our presence in 
digital services in the central government that we can leverage to drive that business forward, 
our presence in local government via Oracle services that we can use to bring our digital 
capabilities there. So, all in all, whether you look at Central Government, or Local Government, 
or the various areas of the public sector, Healthcare, Defense, we are present significant 
headroom for growth, industrializing it is where our interest is. 
And these are some of the frameworks the government buys via frameworks. And those 
frameworks, to be on that framework is what allows you to bid for those opportunities. These 
are just an example of £15 billion plus of framework opportunities that Mastek has qualified 
into. And that narrows down the competition from thousands of vendors who can apply down to 
some cases, just 40. And last year, Feb/March, we had announced digital capability for health, 
it was £800 million, four year framework, where only 13 providers were there. And in-between 
October through February, we must have secured possibly £60 to £70 million worth of wins in 
that framework. So, that tells you that those frameworks are very relevant. They concentrate the 
competition, and then your win opportunity goes up. So, this is just a reference and that win, that 
velocity gets you recognized as one of the Top 10 fastest growing providers in the UK SI market. 
Moving forward, the new org structure, what does it mean in terms of the opportunity that it 
generates? There is a graph out there that I want to just point us to. Across FY19, FY20 and 
FY21, Gartner has rated our Oracle implementation capability at Evosys that has kept moving 
northward and upward. And that represents, if you look at all the big names that's out there, it's 
little blurred. But all the big names, including E&Y, LTI is below us in terms of capability. So, 
the leadership quadrant has people who offer integrated capability, not just the implementation 
capability. And that's where the organizations coming together have the value, because we bring 
in the digital capability to the SaaS implementation capability that we have with our Oracle 
Services, and that has the potential of taking us from here to this quadrant. That means the deal 
sizes that we are today engaged with, the customers between half a billion to $2 billion, top-line 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 52 
customers, you would get to the larger enterprise customers. That's the kind of opportunity that 
this reorg and getting together, brings to the table. 
In terms of the ecosystem, if we just reflect on it, we are the number one partner for Oracle in 
UK, it has come from them straight away. And they recognize our delivery capability, our 
vertical focus, and the number of projects under implementation. And that gives us that place. 
We want to leverage that in the European market as well, but that's the start. And referring back 
to what Hiral alluded. We want to cement this globally. 
The practices that we got via the Oracle business, in local government, in health, in higher 
education, are complementary. That's where we want to expand. Then we have got synergistic 
one both in central government as well as Healthcare, where both the Digital Services and Oracle 
business is present. This also gives you an opportunity for multi-pillar deals. So, you are not just 
going and implementing a point solution, but you are bringing your digital services capability 
and hence make an integrated deal, and have it as customer for life, not just implement and go. 
You actually have them for multiple requirements of theirs. Our whole strategy was about Oracle 
Services, helps us land the customers, Digital Services helps us expand it. And it's now evident 
in the few deals that we have had, and that gets industrialized in this new org structure that we 
have out here. 
And last, but definitely not the least is the SAP Compete, it's a stated objective of ours that we 
are going to be with Oracle in this particular space. We are recognized for the SAP Compete 
capability that we bring on table. We have experts who know, who articulate the benefit of 
moving from SAP to Oracle. So, this makes us very unique in the Oracle Ecosystem and gets us 
the recognition. 
Moving forward, it's all about public sector that we have talked about, what about the private 
sector? We have had some chats before coming into the room, some side words earlier as well. 
That's a much bigger opportunity, both in UK and in Europe. And yes, we are doing few things 
about it. We are already in the steps in that direction. So, it starts with as a 40 year old 
organization, having longest serving customer, which is, the relationship is going to be 21 years 
this October, if you look at just the capabilities with these customers that we have developed 
over a period of time, we could assetize that and take it across the sector. So, we started with 
Fraud Analytics, you know Fraud Prevention, Fraud Identification and Prevention. Any bank, 
any BFS customer would be interested in that. If we just walked across with digital capability, 
maybe it would take us a longer conversation cycles. But if you walk with this niche capability 
that you have done for your customer for last 20 plus years, you will have that conversation. 
And we are having it with Tier I banks. We have started to have that conversation. But that is 
when you take your capability from a customer to the organization. 
Same way the Identity and Access management that you see written out there, 300,000-Armed 
Force personnel in UK, use the identity and access services that we have created for Ministry of 
Defense. Customer Identification Management System that we created for NHS; millions of 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 52 
patients access it using that. So, that is the capability that can go to Retail sector, that can go to 
Banking and Financial services customers, that's how we are actually taking our capability across 
the sectors. 
Cross vertical point, the Fraud Prevention that we have talked about, in NHS prescription fraud 
is £280 million every year, and it's an accepted fraud. Imagine the ones that they don't know and 
that's not reported. That's where this capability, the standalone arm's length bodies, the hospitals, 
the individual hospitals are interested in this capability. So, we have not only assetized it for 
certain private sector customers, you can take it even to the public sector customer. 
Specialized focus, we realize that we have a significant heritage again, creating some platforms 
in the vehicle leasing space. And today with the EV revolution, we see that market exploding. 
So, that is leading with anchor customers, three to four platforms in that space Bynx, Jama, 
Sofico, all of them have partnered with Mastek and we are developing the capability to address 
that space. As just an example of it, financial services customers dealing in mortgage space, 
that's where we have got significant relationship that we are again, assetizing the capability and 
industrializing it with them. 
And last, but definitely not the least is Cloud Enhancement Services or Managed Services as we 
all know, but it's going in that space, it’s not just about reducing your ticketing, not just about 
reducing your costs, but bringing in the efficiency that's a far better game. You are driving the 
value for the customer, not just reducing the cost. 
So, this is just a flavor to give you an idea of what we are doing to enhance our enterprise 
business. And as we go into European market, these capabilities become fungible. The opening 
up of those customers using our SaaS capability, our Oracle capability will help us industrialize 
the private sector business. 
Moving forward, our rising profile is something that we are very proud of. It has always been 
known in the market that people buy from us. We have not necessarily gone and sold to them. 
Mastek is an undiscovered, underappreciated capability that has been there for some time. So, 
we have amply recognized it, the marketing video in our team that you just saw was an example 
of it. But we are also engaging locally to actually drive that and few of the evidences are right 
here where, the UK Prime Minister in his address last July recognized the jobs created by Mastek 
and the contributions made to the digitalizing the UK economy. To us being the northern 
powerhouse champion. So, up north in UK, the leveling up agenda that the Boris Johnson 
Government is driving, we are at the forefront. We have been in Leeds for 15 years. And that 
gets us the right to be there. We talk about our credential, how we have created the jobs and how 
we are contributing to that economy and that's getting recognized. 
And that also helps us with our sourcing, the Graduates and Apprentices Program, you are 
analysts, you meet all the IT companies everyone is dealing with the same sourcing issues, the 
attrition issues. One of the solutions is to engage different stratas of society through the 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 52 
Apprenticeship program and graduates through the Fresher program. And the work that we have 
done, the credentials that we have, helps us attract the crème. So, that's about our building the 
talent. TechMarketView, the fastest growing, we have talked about it, we are very proud of it. 
So, it's out here. 
Last but definitely not the least is social value. Under the ages of ESG, in UK, in particular social 
value is extremely important. And just one example of how a customer, NHS is partnering, one 
of their departments, is partnering with Mastek to create an Apprenticeship Academy where 
people from very, very underprivileged strata of society would be trained, and they could have 
an IT enabled job. And they have chosen Mastek as a partner as a part of our social value we 
were doing it, and they said, could we partner with you? We will fund a part of it and would like 
to join as a part of your story. 
So, this just tells you that the rising profile of Mastek, the recognition of us being in the 
geography for 30 years, the way we have impacted the life of UK citizens. 
That's sum and substance of where we are in UK and Europe. And as I said first, I will say that 
again, there is not a better time for us to be leading and driving the growth in the UK and Europe. 
That said, I will invite my colleague Umang, to talk about the Americas, but before that over to 
you. Thank you. 
Himanshi Chatwani: 
Ladies and gentlemen, might I also remind you that we do have a Q&A session much later. So, 
you might want to note down the points that you have questions on. Also, our virtual participants 
who are here with us, I am sure that you might also have some questions and you will also be 
getting the opportunity to ask in your questions. So, please note them down as well. 
Ladies and gentlemen, moving on to our next speaker, we have Mr. Umang Nahata, President 
Americas and AMEA that’s Asia Pacific and Middle East and Oracle Business. Over the last 
two years, under Umang’s vision and leadership, our Oracle Business has rapidly grown to 
become one of the fastest growing Oracle Cloud application partners globally. We are very proud 
of our 1,000 plus Oracle Cloud customers. And its contribution has been phenomenal in being 
recognized by Oracle, as its Global Cloud Partner of the Year for 2017 and 2019, and by 
Gartner’s MQ Report for its Oracle Cloud Application Services in 2019 and 2020. Ladies and 
gentlemen, please join me in welcoming him up on stage. 
Umang Nahata: 
Hello, everyone. First of all, thank you to the one who wrote my introduction, it was a little 
overwhelming introduction, right, I don't think, I have done such great work. 
So, on the Mastek’s journey in the Americas is what I am going to talk to you all about. And the 
flow of my presentation, or the flow of my message that I have, is going to be having in four 
broad sections. 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 52 
First, and the prime theme that I am going to talk to you in terms of U.S. as most of you know, 
we have been in the U.S. for some years, largely with Majesco and now, with Mastek earlier 
with TAISTech acquisition, and with the Oracle acquisition. It has grown, it has had its good 
foundation in terms of previous set. And I think we have a really good launchpad that we want 
to move forward from. And what I am going to talk to you about is what we are going to do 
differently to really expand and zoom into that kind of growth that we are looking forward to. 
So, the four themes that I will talk about is: 
I. 
Culturally, what are we going to be different? How are we really going to change the 
needle there. 
II. 
Organizationally, what is the big change that we are making? 
III. 
In terms of service offerings, what is going to be our USP? Why are we going to go 
into the most competitive market as well as the biggest market? What is going to be a 
differentiator in terms of our offerings? 
IV. 
And last and not the least, what is going to be our go-to-market? How are we really 
going to attack the market? How are we going to really deliver the value that we are 
all ambitiously looking forward to? 
So, that's the theme right. So, we are going to be different as far as our current approach and 
business is concerned. 
First and foremost, like I said the culture and the mindset is going to be our first important 
change. You have to first win it in your mind before you can go out and win it in the market. If 
you look at our journey, Mastek, there are two very interesting things that we have. One, we 
have been a 40-year-old company. So, a lot of heritage, lot of rich culture of resilience that we 
have seen, and we know how to sustain and do that kind of business really well. Abhishek spoke 
about the really strong inroads that we have had in the UK government, we have graduated there, 
we have been there in that market, recognized as a part of the economy and the growth there. 
However, as far as Americas is concerned, what we really wanted to go out and say is we need 
the hustle of a startup. We really need to think aggressively, ambitiously, take some risks, make 
some investments, move the needle around, make some disruption in the market. So, we are 
going to think like a startup as far as our North America business is concerned. And that's what, 
is going to make us a 40-year-old startup in North America, which has all the heritage from the 
40 year old company, all the business and governance and even the cash to back us. But the 
mindset and the hustle and the disruption of a startup is what we are really trying to do. So, that's 
the cultural change that we are going to bring, and the approach that we are going to take in this 
market. 
The other important change, like I said, we really are going to look at it not just from one aspect, 
from all aspects. Between Mastek and Evosys, if you look at it up till now we were, while we 
are integrated as one single organization, at least in our North America business we were still 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 52 
operating as two pillars, I think both the pillars have done really well and have grown together. 
But our next focus is going to be really integrating the power of two into one single unified 
strong Mastek. And that starts with the change in the organization structure itself. 
As you see, first my role from the current role, which was the Chief Executive Officer of Evosys, 
is going to move to the role of North America but leading the One Mastek organization. So, the 
entire services and the entire portfolio and the entire business that we have, and it's just not 
covering North America, it's also covering APAC and Middle East, which is AMEA. 
Very complementary to my role, and my partner in crime, Mr. Raman Sapra here, so Raman was 
earlier heading the North America business, but one of the key differentiators that we want to 
make in our business is to make sure that we have enough capabilities and abilities that we want 
to build. M&A is going to be a big part of our strategy, building our capabilities is going to be a 
big part of our strategy, and making sure that we have enough assets and ammunition to go out 
and fire. And that's where Raman’s role, very grateful is moved from being the President of 
North America, Raman has very graciously accepted this challenge of really building the global 
service line for us, and M&A for us. So, like I said, while we are looking at one arm focusing 
on business and execution, there is another arm which is really focusing on expanding the 
capability and focus. And that's how the leadership team is going to be aligned for the region. 
Raman’s role, of course, it's not just North America, Raman supporting the entire global business 
and supporting our capability all across. So, that's one important change in terms of, two like I 
said, culture, which was the mindset of a startup, organization change, really integrated one 
single leadership as far as go-to-market is concerned, and one single leadership as far as our 
capability building is concerned. 
Now let's talk about what are we really going to do? What are we really going to offer to the 
market? And how is that going to be different from what we were doing up till now? If you look 
at the current setup, like I said, we had three simple pillars. We had the Oracle Business, which 
was doing the Oracle Cloud Applications implementation business. We had the Digital 
Commerce business, which was doing Digital Commerce implementations, both of these pillars, 
we were among the top partners that Oracle has in North America also. And then there was the 
AES, which was our Application Enhancement Services business, which is the Managed 
Services part of the business. So, we had three simple pillars that we were focusing on, we were 
doing well, but standalone in those individual pillars. 
What is going to change now is this new set of five offerings that we are going to come out with 
and go to the market with. Let me talk about all of these offerings one-by-one. How did we come 
up with these first? We looked at Evosys and the Oracle Business, we look at the Digital 
Commerce business that we have and we looked at the UK Heritage that we have created, the 
really strong engineering heritage that we have. And we said if we combine all of them together, 
what's the really strong integrated power that really comes out? And that went into the first 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 52 
option that you see there; it’s called Glide 4.0. And let me take a quick two minute to explain 
what the capability is going to be all about. 
The Oracle Business had a really strong capability called Glide. It was called Glide 2.0, which 
was allowing us to transform on-premise implementations to the Cloud. Abhishek alluded to our 
capability around SAP to Oracle transformations also. So, it looked at all of kind of on-premise 
applications, be it Oracle, be it PeopleSoft, be it SAP, we had a tool, we had the methodology 
and with the script to transform them to the Cloud. 
As we move forward, as more and more larger customers are coming to our kitty, if you look at 
our deal sizes they have also, our average deal size has consistently grown. Two years back, we 
were like half a million average deal size, we are now clocking more than a million dollars in 
average deal size. And many more million-dollar deals, Hiral alluded to 40 plus million dollar 
deals, and many of them in the Fortune 1000. 
So, as you move up the train there, the deals are becoming much more complex in terms of 
execution, the customer expectations are much more complex. And the complexity is because 
when they bought these ERP systems, they just did not buy the ERP system, they really 
customized it. They made it fit to their specific need and environment. They also had an array 
of surround systems that they needed so their environments were complex, there were a lot of 
surround systems that needed to be integrated. They also had complex mission-critical 
applications, which if anything goes wrong there their business could come down on. 
All of these as Evosys standalone were things that we had, but not necessarily top notch in that 
area. But now if you combine the capability of Evosys and Mastek, Digital Engineering is our 
heart, right, we deliver amongst the top, most mission-critical Digital Engineering capabilities. 
We have done that in UK with Home Office, with NHS, with Morrisons and many others. 
System Integration which is basically developing integration layer across variety of systems 
that's again, a very core part of our business that we do, really go out and integrate. For example, 
the Spine project that we did with NHS, was literally integrating the entire NHS database to a 
single integrated Spine. 
System Integration is another real critical capability that we have and quality assurance. Most of 
the work that we do is mission-critical work. Projects that get awarded to Mastek, was largely 
because they were mission-critical and we had that capability, executing mission-critical 
capabilities. 
Now if you put the four together in a single box, capability to deliver On-premise to Cloud 
migration, but to take care of those customizations Digital Engineering capabilities, to take care 
of those integrations, and third-party array, the System Integration capability, and to deliver 
mission-critical applications, the Quality capability. All of those put together in a single package 
is going to be called Glide 4.0. 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 52 
So, when we are going out to customers now, which is the next year of Tier I, the Fortune 1000 
customers, our pitch is going to be looking at a fully integrated, overall solution. And we are 
super excited that nobody else in that array. So, for example, there are two kinds of partners that 
we compete with, one are like us, Oracle focused only, they don't have that kind of system 
engineering or system integration background, that makes us extremely sharp and different from 
them. 
And then there are those GSIs who do everything, but they are not so super sharp or so super 
focused on Oracle, as you saw from the Gartner Review Chart that Abhishek presented. We are 
in that top corner there, moving trying to edge into the leading bucket, most of the leading guys 
were what Accenture, Deloitte. The GSIs are still there, they are around us. They have good 
capability because they had everything else, but not necessarily super sharp on Oracle. As we 
combine the power of two, which is our digital and our Oracle capabilities, I think that is the 
route forward to really push us northeast into that leadership quadrant. And that's what I think 
the market is really looking out for as we move into the next era of Cloud transformation in the 
top capability. 
So, that's our first, tightly integrated offering for the market Glide 4.0. And there is another 
reason why they are calling it 4.0 from 2.0, we are moving to 4.0 because it has a vertical layer 
to its entire approach. We are looking at top three verticals only, our North America business is 
not going to be boiling the entire ocean. We are going to focus on limited areas of business. But 
we are going to be really brilliant in those areas of business that we pick up, Healthcare and Life 
Sciences, Manufacturing, which is Hi-Tech and Industrial, Retail and Commerce, and that's 
about it. 
But in these three verticals, every proposition that we have, every offering that we have, will 
have a vertical flavor, will have a vertical capability to it. So, the Glide will also have pre-built 
vertical assets. And we have learned a lot from across the 1200 plus customers that we have 
delivered already for. And we are now trying to bring that entire extract in terms of our vertical 
capability adding to our flavor. So, that's one which is the Glide application. 
The second important service, again, look at the integrated potential again, we had our digital 
commerce business. We are actually one of the biggest partners for Oracle as far as their Digital 
Commerce Cloud platform is concerned. And we are a small player as far as their Oracle CX 
partner is concerned, which is their Oracle Customer Experience solutions. We do pockets of 
work. And we do some work for Magento, we do some work for Salesforce, and so on and so 
forth. 
Now, if you look at the marketplace in North America, most of the customer experience 
marketplace is actually filled with such partners like us, a small partners who do pocket 
solutions, somebody does commerce, somebody that sales, somebody does service, marketing, 
so on and so forth. There is no one single partner who can actually go and boost off doing a fully 
integrated pitch, almost 25% of Oracle's business is coming out of CX. 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 52 
Our intention is now creating a fully integrated CX platform starting from commerce, to sales, 
to order management, and then the back office. I think that integrated CX platform has a real 
good potential of really shooting us up amongst the top partners for Oracle, taking a substantial 
portion of 25% pie in the Customer Experience space. And we already got the methodology set. 
So, we used to call it D2X, which was basically the frontend proposition. And now we are adding 
the CRM and the CPQ behind it. So, that's going to become our second important engine, which 
is the Customer Experience service line, again, the power of integrating the two organizations 
seamlessly together. 
Let's talk about the third area. If you look at the Cloud business, and this is interesting, most of 
our revenues earlier were very project driven. Because we would do implementation, 
implementation gets over, we would go out, do another implementation. Literally, which means 
we started our year with a very low starting base. And we would build the entire thing up. And 
we were doing well in that we continue to do well, because we were winning lots of projects. 
And therefore, in spite of the low start, we would still go and blow our number as far as our 
growth is concerned, that was because the mindset was Cloud is a business where you don't need 
too much Managed Services. 
Now, if you look at that from a different lens, while you don't need Managed Services, because 
the infrastructure is taken care, etc. Cloud actually also has an upgrade to the product every three 
months. So, that product is getting upgraded every quarter. And to realize the true potential of a 
Cloud, there are so much enhancement that is happening. So, we needed a solution or a Managed 
Services proposition that is focusing on enhancement that is delivering more value rather than 
just solving tickets. And that's why we created a proposition called Enhancement Services or 
Cloud Enhancement Services. The intention being we are not here to sell tickets for you. We are 
here to make sure that we are delivering maximum ROI on your Cloud investment, which is 
going to get upgraded every quarter. And that's the third service ended up creating and it is 
Cloud, not just applications because we can do that not just on the application side, we can now 
as a combined entity do that on the platform as well as on the infrastructure side of the business. 
So, that's our third key piece. And I will talk about the go-to-market also about how we are 
looking at selling these. 
The fourth area is in terms of looking at verticalization, like I said, the market is moving towards 
a vertical Cloud, the whole era of only Cloud is well accepted getting matured. And the next 
wave is going to be around verticalizing the Cloud. Most of the large hyper scalars are starting 
to acquire vertical assets. Oracle announced their acquisition of Cerner, Microsoft announced 
another acquisition in the Healthcare space, and so on and so forth. 
Our part of the business since we are not owning the product, but we have to realign our service 
lines to be also verticalized. And therefore, we have set-up a unit which is dedicatedly going to 
look at creating vertical accelerators to support that kind of vertical first approach that our 
principals are taking, which is the alliance partners are taking, which Oracle is taking, and 
Microsoft is taking, and so on and so forth. So, we are going to realign our Cloud proposition to 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 52 
be vertical focus, vertical first. And like I said, those top three verticals are our key verticals of 
choice where you want to be the number one partner in the North America. And not just in North 
America, across the board in terms of even in UK, Europe, and APAC, and all of these 
geographies. 
The last and not the least, is area around Data and Automation. The market as we move forward. 
So, if you look at our service lines around Cloud, around engineering, around system integration, 
that is one section of the service line, where we really wanted to build and buy the other area, 
right. So, our strategy was not just to build capability, our strategy is also to buy and acquire. 
And that's the space we were looking at buying and acquiring. 
So, we are looking at buying and acquiring on the automation, on the data, on some of the other 
complementary assets there. So, that we have a full stack offering, which starts from like I said, 
commerce, does CX has an ERP and then could also do good data and automation as a fully 
integrated proposition. And that's going to become our fifth pillar, which is looking at Data and 
Automation. And that capability is going to come through our M&A route of business that we 
are trying to do look at. And it's not just M&A it is also M&A and partnerships that we are going 
to build on. 
So, these five are going to be our differentiator, I think these five really show the full integrated 
power of the organization, not you know as different from the current setup, which was more 
single pillar or individual pillar driven. So, that's as far as the pillars that we have. 
The line at the bottom, which is VBD (Value Based Delivery), is really where the business sense 
that we will offer will also be completely different from what anybody else does, because most 
of the other SIs also have all of these pillars. Our message to our customers is we are going to 
deliver them on an outcome focused market. In fact, we already do that in our Oracle Business 
for the last two years. And now we are taking that across all of our businesses. It's called Value 
Based Delivery, which means a portion of our contract anywhere between 5% to 20% is directly 
linked to the business outcomes that we are delivering to our client. Skin in the game, right, why 
would you not buy a partner that is basically investing in the outcome and is giving you an ROI, 
which is going to be 3x, 5x, or whatever we are signing up for. 
We have build assets that allow us to measure those outcomes. We have build assets that allow 
us to identify where or what corrections do we need to make so that those outcomes can be 
delivered. And now is the time to really encashing that asset that we have built across all of our 
service lines. So, everything that I said, but with an outcome based contracting model is what 
we are really trying to strive for. So, that's going to be our differentiator. And that is what is 
going to be your USP as far as the Americas business is concerned. 
The next slide is going to talk about our go-to-market, in terms of how are we are going to take 
these differentiators to the market? And how are we going to really deliver what we have built? 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 52 
So, the first part is what? And the second part is how? And these are the again five-step plan. 
So, it's a five-by-five, five solutions, five GTM in terms of how are we going to deliver. 
First, clearly is our Oracle Alliance, we have a really strong partnership with Oracle. Oracle, 
North America is growing in terms of their Cloud Services at around anywhere between 20% to 
30%, Oracle does not necessarily give a direct disclosure of what is the application growth, but 
it is anywhere between 20% to 30%. And that makes it at least a $3 billion market, if not more. 
And currently where we are in terms of our size, I think we are a very, very small percentage, 
we have tons of headroom. So, I think in the North America market, we don't even need to 
discuss potential because the potential is enormous. But the proposition that we are now 
building, with that market potential that we have, and the vertical focus that we are going to 
create, which is around Healthcare, Life Sciences, Manufacturing, and Retail would allow us to 
really increase our market share, look at the next level of deals that we are going to really go 
after. So, that's one, we just continue focusing on the Oracle Alliance and making sure that 
business continues to grow. 
Within the Oracle market, we were currently delivering or only looking at the mid-cap IT, which 
was in the North America parallel, which was around $500 million to $2 billion kind of customer 
was our sweet spot. That's where we were winning most of our business. So, we continue to, 
first pillar looks at that. But we are now creating a special team, which is going to look at the 
upmarket. We think teams are armed with the new assets that we have, we have a really strong 
potential of going after the next set of larger customers, which is the $2 billion above or the 
Fortune 1000 as it may be. And there is going to be a dedicated sales team only focusing on that 
Fortune 1000 customers and try to make sure that we are getting many more Fortune 1000 logos 
as we move ahead in the coming years. 
The third key area, as a part of our North America business, we actually had a very small account 
mining setup, we did not really have a really strong account mining setup. And again, learning 
from our UK business, our UK business largely lies on very strong account mining that we do 
with Home Office, with NHS, with the rest of the government and some of the key private sector 
customers that we had like Morrisons. We want to bring that entire business approach to our 
North America business. I think they have won lots of customers there, out of the rich customer 
install base that we have, we have further shortlisted Top 30 customers that we only want to go 
after in terms of account mining, and create a new team parallel, it is a brand-new team, looking 
at account mining only. So, that team is not looking at one or two, in terms of Oracle. They are 
not going to Oracle for their leads. They are only going to go after our customers look at the 
entire scale of, breadth of our propositions, and start to do account mining with those customers. 
These customers have potential that we think currently anywhere between a $5 million to $25 
million kind of range, annual repeatable revenue. And we will see how we build across. So, we 
have classified them further in terms of what we could potentially win. But that's the third go-
to-market. 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 52 
The next one, like I spoke about the Cloud value services, Cloud Enhancement Services, which 
is the Managed Services proposition that we have. We think we have got a serious differentiator 
in our pocket now. And we can go with that solution not just to our customers for whom we 
were doing implementation, but to everybody else's customers, the Accenture, and Deloitte, and 
the Oracle Consulting and everybody else’s customers also, because we think we have a service 
proposition that is extremely sharp, extremely different, real, true value for money. And look at 
that install base, which is not our install base. There are around 7000 odd Oracle Cloud install 
base customers already sitting in North America. And with the proposition that we have, we 
think it's a strong market to go after. 
Again, not the same pipe, right we are not going to Oracle, we are not going to our customers, 
we are now going to set of customers whom we had lost or we have not competed for in the 
implementation, was just trying to grow the Managed Services business. And we have already 
started winning some of those deals in this fiscal also. 
Last and not the least, our new alliances, while our business really at strong alliances in 
connection with Oracle. We think this is, now is the time to really expand from Oracle. And 
again, as you put the integrated organization to focus, Microsoft has been a key partner for us in 
many other geographies. We really want to now expand from Oracle to look at Microsoft, but in 
complementary areas of business, look at No-Code development, look at Low-Code 
development, look at BI, look at Azure DevOps and so on and so forth. 
Similarly, expand to ServiceNow and Salesforce, like I said, with our M&A view, we are looking 
at those additional capabilities and alliances also to come along. So, expand that alliance from 
Oracle to new partners that we have. We are looking at few modern age, really fast-growing 
principals also like Snowflake and Pega who are growing now, in terms of almost like 100% 
kind of growth companies also. So, we are trying to build new partnerships with those newer 
alliances also. So, while it was Oracle Alliance for now, we are changing that in the future to 
expand from Oracle to look at four or five other key alliances that we will go after. 
And that ladies and gentlemen is the plan. So, look at a different culture, reorganize the 
organization, find the differentiators, and have full throttle on the go-to-market. So, that is what 
we are really trying to do. And I am sure we will make a significant splash in the market with 
all of these changes. So, that's all I had for you, all of you. Thank you. 
Himanshi Chatwani: 
Well, how are we doing? Can I get a thumbs-up from everybody? That's nice. Just wanted to 
know everyone is doing good. Okay with that, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to now invite 
Mr. Arun Agarwal, Global CFO. As Global Chief Financial Officer, Arun overseas multiple 
functions globally, including finance, investor relationships, facilities and infrastructure. He has 
over 19 years of experience as a Chartered Accountant and previously held senior leadership 
roles at Firstsource, GE, Wipro and Synovate. Ladies and gentlemen, please, will you join me 
in welcoming him up on stage? 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 52 
Arun Agarwal: 
Hi, everyone, good afternoon. I am sure you would have seen good conversation happening by 
Hiral, followed by Abhishek and Umang. I am sure there is a good business perspective, all of 
you have got. My conversation is more about converting those business into numbers. And I am 
sure as a number person, all of you would love to see some of these numbers, I can't beat any of 
your spreadsheet, you run multiple models, and keep challenging us. But I am sure some of the 
data will help you to understand how we have done in past, and you will get to learn more about 
how we are going to do in the future. But most important, it's really a delight to see all of you 
together after two years. We have been talking virtually, and believe me, I was tired talking 
virtually. So, it's really a pleasure for me. Thank you for joining us today. 
Getting you the numbers, we just declared our numbers yesterday. So, talking quarter is very, 
very important. And none of you would leave me without talking the quarter as always, I say 
please talk ‘Year’ and you say ‘No’, please talk quarter. So, let me spend a minute on the quarter 
performance. 
As we close Quarter 4, 5.4% quarter-on-quarter growth, sequentially in constant-currency term 
it is 5.3%. Our PAT grew by 5.7%. Most important in Quarter 3, we announced as Abhishek 
mentioned about one of the major deals in NHS, which was $60 million. In this quarter, 
Abhishek again has landed another deal, which is $65 million plus, but it is in a different account. 
It again reinforces the kind of work which we do for public sector. Our engagement used to be 
£25 to £30 million one year back. And we started our journey with £12 million four years before. 
So, the journey is really going as planned, mining the existing relationship, landing the newer 
relationship at the same time. And as you are mining the relationship becoming £5 million to 
£60 million, as evident from our order book. 
Consequently our 12 months order backlog stood at $193 million. It's a reflection of 15.5% 
quarter-on-quarter growth, but most important 30% year-on-year growth, setting up the lead 
indicators for us as we get into next year. 
In terms of very quick chart, talking about how we have done; 27% growth in revenue, 27% 
growth in EBITDA, and 32% growth in PAT for the year. What is most important is to look into 
the bottom left table. Here we are talking about the growth is not only in one year, the growth is 
spread across, if you can see last five years, it’s a CAGR of 28% that’s including M&A and 
organic growth at the same time. 
We started our journey with Rs. 817 crores and we have closed this year with Rs. 2,184 crores, 
roughly $293 million as we speak. Not only the revenue with what has been focused upon at the 
same time, the operating EBITDA margin, it used to be 12.2% in FY18, we have delivered 
21.2% in FY21 and delivered a similar percentage in FY22, 21.2%. 
Our PAT margin started with a single digit of 8% in FY18 and we have closed at 15% in the 
current financial year. It’s a fabulous performance delivered by every Mastekeers where top-line 
and the bottom-line consistently grew over the last five years. Thank you, Mastekeers. 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 52 
One of the most important and it's one of the favorite topics which keeps coming whenever I 
talk to any of you. What happens to our U.S. business? Umang showed why and how we are 
going to grow in the U.S. as a market and the numbers are talking here. Currently, 65% of our 
business comes from the UK, 3.8% comes from Europe, 17% comes from U.S. and 14% comes 
from AMEA as a market. Our target as a part of Vision 2025, which Hiral is alluding into, we 
are targeted to deliver 34% from U.S., 46% from UK, 10% from Europe and 10% from AMEA. 
It doesn't mean that any of this UK and AMEA is going to de-grow. The only point is U.S. and 
Europe is going to grow much faster than the company average. So, that's the plan for the U.S. 
in terms of numbers. 
In terms of revenue type by industry, currently 47% comes from the private sector and 53% 
come from the public. Our endeavor is to make it 60% - 40% as we grow in U.S. predominantly 
in the private sector. And as Abhishek alluded into, we have a strong plan to get into Europe and 
also to grow UK in the private sector space. 
Again, the reflection of the profits, the reflection of the work which has been done by 
Mastekeers, we started, our ROCE used to be in double digit, it was 17% kind of a percent 
number in FY18. It has consistently increased and now it is 33.6% for FY22. Similarly, ROE 
used to be 13.7% has become 29.5%, it has consistently increased year by year. 
Our cash position continues to be strong. It used to be Rs. 372 crores, we closed this year with 
Rs. 800 crores looks a little lower year-on-year. Just to remind you know we have done 10% 
more acquisition of shares of Evosys as a part of overall journey which led to some of the dilution 
in the cash number, but it is reflected into the ownership structure which we have. 
The utilization again, when we talk about operating EBITDA, it didn't happen by its own. There 
were multiple actions in terms of operating levers which were taken by the company last five 
years. Just to talk few of them, utilization used to be 77% in FY20 and it has become 80% in 
FY22. Again, one of the lever which is tracked on a regular basis by Mastek, headcount mix it 
used to be 65% onshore in FY20 is 74% in the current year. Significant shift in offshoring which 
is happening is also leading to improvement in the margin at the same time. 
Our client and countries concentration was one of the bigger risk five/ four years back, we were 
highly concentrated into UK and highly concentrated in terms of top 5 to 10 customers, FY20 
for example 58% was coming from top 10 And 40% was coming from top 5, which has come 
down to 43% and 30% respectively. It means as we are getting more and more customers to 
land, we are mining the existing ones as well at the same time. 
Again, as a return to shareholders, EPS started with Rs. 30, now we are at Rs. 107 which we 
have delivered for this year. And dividend per share has gone up from Rs. 6 to Rs. 19 in last five 
years. 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 52 
To summarize very quickly, I am sure next five years is going to be very, very critical, as Hiral 
alluded into getting into $1 billion journey. We need to make investments consistently whether 
it's growth strategy, your partnership and alliances, which Umang spoke about, Abhishek alluded 
into digital talent which Maninder is going to cover, investing into next gen capabilities, industry 
leading high quality of earnings continue to be focus and at the same time when we are working 
to generate profits giving back to the society is equally important. So, while we do everything 
to make money, but at the same time, how can we distribute more and more to the society back 
is going to be the focused upon. 
To conclude while I am really excited about $1 billion journey and I can promise as we get into 
this journey and embark upon for next three years, you will be excited to be with us. Thank you. 
Himanshi Chatwani: 
Ladies and gentlemen, once again, I would like to remind you that we do have a Q&A session. 
So, if you have any pointers that you would like to note them, please do so. Also a reminder it 
to our virtual participants that are here. With that may I now please invite Ms. Maninder Kapoor 
Puri, Global CHRO. Maninder oversees all aspects of HR practices and operations in order to 
meet the needs of the constantly evolving business, facilitating strategic planning and initiatives, 
change management and organizational design. Prior to Mastek, she had global Human Resource 
roles in organizations such as FirstSource Solutions, ICICI OneSource, Accenture and iGate 
Solutions. 
Ladies and gentlemen, please join me in welcoming her up on stage. 
Maninder Kapoor Puri: 
I do have a couple of slides. I think like Abhishek said, it's a great time to talk about business. I 
also believe it's a great time to talk about people and culture, reason being the whole Great 
Resignation that you guys have seen over the last two years, with pandemic coming, starting 
with the whole world becoming literally inaccessible, and suddenly the world waking up to the 
fact of digitalization in every single aspect. 
I think going from there to where we are today, we have had a brilliant journey as an 
organization. But before I start, I do want to play a video for you, could we please play a video? 
(Audio Video Presentation): 1:07 
So, as leaders before me spoke, right, they talked about how brilliantly we are growing, you have 
seen the numbers doing very well. All these didn’t happen if there were no people working for 
us. And today, I think all our leaders look very good, because we have brilliant workforce behind 
all of us. So, I do want to thank all the Mastekeers for getting us where we are today. Thank you. 
I do want to say that any organization's backbone is its people. And if you do invest in people, 
you work with them, they would stay with you. I know attrition will be a question mark and a 
topic that will come and I am aware of it. But I don't want to focus on attrition. I want to focus 
on the growth mindset. 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 52 
One of the things that we talk about at Mastek is our 4.0 culture which was initiated by 
Mr. Sudhakar Ram, our Founder member. And he is somebody who really passionately drove 
it. And our job is of course to take it forward. And I strongly believe in this culture, because if 
we have to move from a high-performance culture to an organization that is going to be a growth 
mindset culture, because those are the three areas that we talk about growth, growth and growth. 
And if that is what we want to drive in the organization, then we will have to make sure that all 
our employees, every single Mastekeer is empowered, is flexible, they have the ability to take 
decisions and all that can only happen if we have the culture to really empower them. And that's 
what I think all the leaders here are driving towards. 
Talent is another area that, I think each leader spoke about and I think Hiral mentioned and 
talked about differentiated talents. Don't worry, I won't bore you with the whole nine blockers. 
But I do want to talk about the nine shifts that we are making as an organization. 
I think the first and the foremost, I am going to go to the center of the tile, which is the future of 
the workforce. You must have seen in the video about gig workers, graduates and the next 
generation. Now why is it important for us? Today, as we stand, we have 85% of our Mastekeers, 
who are either Gen Y or Gen Z, and which will only increase. We have been hiring graduates. 
And next year, we plan to hire at least 50% more graduates that we have done the last year. So, 
which means that if our workforce is going to be Gen Z, and Gen Y, is the workplace ready for 
them? Are people practices ready for them? Are they looking forward to come and work with 
us, which goes to my digital enablement tile, which talks about what it is that we are doing for 
them today? We have apps for everything. I mean, if you have nieces, nephews, children, 
grandchildren, who are Gen Y, Gen Z, you will know they will always be on the phone and 
there's no app, it doesn't excite them. How do we make the workplace far more hyper 
personalized for them, I think that's the focus for us. 
We today, just to give an example, we have a tool, an HR bot, we call it Mastek’s Best Friend 
Forever and this bot usage in the last year itself has grown to about 86%, just because people 
tend to talk to the bot rather than talking to human beings. But it's interesting because it also tells 
us that what is it that we need to do more of. So, today we have digital ID cards, digital visiting 
cards, and so on and so forth. 
The other thing I want to talk about is the differentiated talent from upskilling, reskilling a point 
of view. So, there are again, because we are a technology company, so we have to leverage 
technology, we have a very interesting tool called TechSense. So, there are three areas we work 
in. One is our current talent, how are we upskilling them for the future? And where do we get 
all the inputs from? So, here are the two business leaders that you heard and of course Raman 
earlier, they would give us all the inputs through their sales teams, and all the input would come 
to us and we would start to work with people right to upskill them for future. Then we need to 
also work with current program managers, what is happening today, which is literally reskilling 
them and getting there. And third, and not the least, but how do we work with every single 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 23 of 52 
Mastekeer to become the best version of themselves. So, those are the soft skills that we also 
work towards.  
Now, when we are doing this and when we are getting our workforce ready, we also need to 
charter in various territories that we have not been before. And hence brings me to our diversity 
equity inclusion. And it's not diversity about women alone, I think there's lots of untapped talent 
out there, there's disability diversity, there is of course gender diversity. And unfortunately in 
India, for now, we only talk about women diversity. I think in gender, there are other genders 
we need to look at. If 50% of the world population is the other gender, I think it's important that 
we get them to the workplace. That's an untapped market for us. 
We also talk about the whole, the reason I am probably talking about skilling here, we are also 
getting people from and we have been doing that for a long time at Mastek, we get people as 
graduates, we train them. So, we do look at build models within the organization to upskill the 
talent. 
The last maybe I will not go through each, but last thing that I do want to talk about is the work 
life balance. Now when you are dealing with Gen Y, Gen Z, while they love to work, and you 
will see them work odd hours. And we have talked about flexibility right upfront for 4.0. I think 
one thing that is very important to them is the whole work life balance and mental wellness. 
So, we do have some four areas of wellness we work towards. One is social wellness, which is 
something that Mastek prides itself and I will talk about it in the next slide. Second is the 
financial wellness. So, we do tell them we call some of the investor community to help them 
how do they invest their money. We do some physical wellness, even during pandemic times we 
had sessions going on. And of course, we have an app again for emotional wellness. So, we have 
a mindfulness app available for everybody. We also provide every employee along with their 
two family members for a coaching or a counseling session as part of the program. 
The next thing I want to talk about I think, which Hiral, I think each of the leaders mentioned 
and of course, so did Arun, talked about the ESG. Now ESG is a new term that is coined, but I 
must say that Mastek even before I joined the company, I can tell you, when CSR and I think 
Ashank shared the story with me that even before the CSR Act came into play where you have 
to give away 2% of your profits, Mastek was always a part of giving to the society. So, I think 
in that gambit, we decided to work towards the entire ESG initiatives. 
In the ESG initiatives we've taken some four very strong --. So, the Mastek’s commitment that 
we are taking are four, one is achieve net zero emissions in UK by, and you will see two UK 
programs there. In UK by FY2045, achieve gender diversity at 40% by 2026, touch a million 
lives through CSR programs by FY2028. And, of course, achieve 25% SOROI. 
Now, this is something I want to just mention that, I think we are the only organizations that I 
have I have come across were pre-pandemic, I had employee payroll giving program at 85%. 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 24 of 52 
85% of our employees were giving to society on their own, there was not a mandate. Today, as 
we stand, we are at 59%, it has come down, but I still think, I mean, if you go to any organization, 
they won't be more than 10% or 12%. So, that we take really pride in and that talks about the 
culture that we drive at Mastek. 
We do have an ESG live site, which is led by Vimal. And he helps us manage a microsite for the 
organization where we get to know real-time, water consumption, power consumption, and so 
on and so forth. I do want to share something with you, each one of you who have registered 
today would be getting, we will be planting a tree in your name, and you will get a certificate 
that will be couriered to you. 
I just want to leave you with a video. And I think any organization, testimonial or for me my 
customer is, my employees right, a Mastekeer. And since U.S. is a growth geography, we did 
request one of the U.S. leader to share her story about her experience with Mastek. Could you 
play the video, please? 
(Audio Video Presentation) 01:18:00 
I do want to give a disclaimer, this is on her own accord, we didn’t ask her to write anything. 
Thank you. 
Himanshi Chatwani: 
Well, ladies and gentlemen, before we move ahead, and I just want to ask you something, are 
you all good? I can see we had a lot of people joining us a little later. And all of you have been 
in rapt attention throughout all of the speeches that we have had. So, I just figured we could do 
something before we invite the next gentleman up on stage. And it’s very simple, all you should 
do is show me your hands. Great, now just rub them together, like rub them nicely, nicely, nice 
make them nice and warm and now place them on your eyes. If you are wearing specs, don't 
forget to take them out, before you do that. 
And did you know that before we invite the next gentleman up on stage if you give me a huge 
round of applause you get discounts, it just somehow happens. Yes, you get discounts on flights, 
hotels, on different websites, not here. You don't get anything here. 
Okay, with that ladies and gentlemen, will you please once again with all the enthusiasm join 
me as I invite Mr. Hiral Chandrana – Global CEO Mastek Group back on stage to spotlight a 
few important things. Over to him. Let's have this. 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Alright, so this is our last session and we will open it up for Q&A here in a few minutes. I hope 
everyone here got a flavor of not just who we are today but where we want to go. A lot of you 
have been with Mastek for a while and have been following us through the years. I think before 
we can wrap up the official session and get into Q&A, it's important to highlight how we are 
gearing up and bringing all of these things together. So, I will just highlight a couple of areas to 
give you a flavor. 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 25 of 52 
Umang talked about industry Cloud vertical capabilities. I mentioned earlier that Healthcare is 
a $10 trillion market globally: in North America its $4.5 trillion. In the next five years, the 
Medicare and Medicaid prediction is that it's going to be $6.8 trillion. And we believe this is a 
huge bet that we will make. There is 38,000 nurses shortage today. The technology adoption that 
is happening is at a very furious pace. And based on our front office to back office to middle 
office capabilities, we believe we have all the ingredients that it takes, right from patient 
experience all the way to supply chains, to bring it all together, not just from an implementation 
perspective, but from a business transformation perspective as well. 
There was a lot of mention about partnerships, about service lines, about capabilities, we cannot 
do it all alone, we will have to do it together with our partners, with our ecosystem of innovators. 
We are going to be focused on these five service lines, and each of them are going to be very 
selective where we are partnering with leading providers and platforms. You already know our 
capabilities in Oracle, we already are doing some very cutting edge work with Microsoft and 
AWS. We are going to bring on a couple more partners like Salesforce and UiPath and scale 
them up in different areas across digital experience, engineering, data automation, AI, 
commerce, etc. 
We also want to complement our capabilities with some horizontal and complimentary partners. 
We cannot be in every space; we are focused on digital and Cloud services. We are very razor 
sharp focused on that. But when we go to the customer, when we go to an account, there will be 
infrastructure capabilities, there will be cybersecurity capabilities. So, we want to partner with 
complimentary providers to bring that together as well. 
You have heard some of these names, and you would have heard some of these in the press 
releases as well. We talked about Home Office, whether it is Asylum services, whether it is 
customs and immigration, the Lululemon account that we have in the U.S., we are transforming 
their entire omni-channel experience and digital value chains. 
Middle East we don't talk about it much, but there's some amazing work that we have done with 
hospitals, with telecom companies, with financial services companies. And we continue to focus 
on that geography and grow to the next level. 
Companies like Arcadis are global accounts, this is another area that we are focused on. The 
industry lines are blurring. When we talk about manufacturing account versus a retail account 
versus a healthcare account, many of them are adopting technologies. And it's all going to come 
together. Many of them are present globally. So, we are creating a model that will cater to these 
accounts globally. 
After this session and after the Q&A, you will see some videos, and you can take your time 
during dinner. There are some screens outside in the reception area where we are launching a 
couple of new platform solutions. We are very proud of this, because our growth in the future is 
not going to be just about growing through IT services. We want to differentiate like Umang and 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 26 of 52 
Abhishek talked about through enhancement services, through value-based models, through 
business outcomes, but also through innovative platform led nonlinear growth, whether it's in 
the digital retailing, in the asset management space, whether it's in the medical device areas, you 
will see a couple of solutions, which showcase the power of not just services, but software 
platforms and partnerships coming together. 
I really feel that each of these areas have so many different elements to it, but I think it's 
important to summarize, you have heard a lot of different content here in the last hour and a half. 
But in summary, if you take each one of these areas, there is a massive untapped opportunity in 
Americas. We have talked about the combination of the two organizations. Umang talked about 
all the different USPs, the go-to-market models, as we look at Glide 4.0 and as we look at specific 
focus industries, we are super excited about the potential here. We will demonstrate this in the 
numbers over the next few quarters. But this is a market that we believe that we are ready to 
conquer. 
Public sector in the UK has been a stronghold for us. But the journey is not over yet. Abhishek 
talked about just the different framework deals that we are engaged in. Now we are not going to 
win everything, but we are not going to lose everything either. There is a significant untapped 
potential in many of the large government institutions. And we are equally excited about the 
potential and private sector, whether it's financial services or retail, Europe, non-UK market is 
opening up for us as well. 
Maninder beautifully covered the whole Mastek 4.0, the future of the workforce. This is so 
critical, not just from an attraction or a retention perspective, but also looking at how will work 
be delivered in the future? How are we preparing our talent? How are we grooming our people 
for the next future skills that we need to be prepared for? 
Innovation is not going to happen in a point in time, it's a continuous journey. And even 1982 or 
the early 1980s when we started, we started developing products. The journey went on to 1990s, 
the journey went on to 2000s. We didn't get into Y2K, we didn't get into infrastructure, we didn't 
get into BPO. But we always focused on business solutions. We always focused on delivering 
business value to customers. That journey is going to be taken to the next level. The 
commitments that we are making on ESG whether its environment, social or governance, it's not 
a new journey. We have been doing that for years, we are going to continue doing that for years. 
The one Mastek brand, the power of all of us coming together is very, very powerful. 
And this is a journey next three, four years as we pivot into a new phase there's been a lot of 
challenges through the pandemic, we are still dealing with macro uncertainties, whether it's the 
war, whether it's the supply chain, whether it's inflation, whether it's wages. But we are gearing 
up and prepared to handle those challenges. None of this can happen with a solid, solid team. 
And you got a glimpse of some of the people that that are already in my leadership team. But 
there are so many others. 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 27 of 52 
I want to first start with saying that no organization can come to this stage without the resilience 
and the founding members of our company who've been together for the last 40 years. I would 
like to call on Ashank and just maybe if I can request Ashank to stand up. Ashank Desai is not 
a new name. And one of our founders and I think you can relate to this because many of you 
know him, but the ethics and the integrity of our organization is how the 4 founders were bonded 
together. Late Mr. Sudhakar Ram is no longer with us. But we have Girija, ma'am, Girija, if I 
can request you to please stand. And we have two other founders. Sundar, who's in California, 
you saw Deep Blue, the organization initiative, which focuses on bridging the gap between 
academia and companies, that's his baby. He's been the architect behind it. And a lot of people 
here have taken it forward. We also have Ketan Mehta who's the other co-founder, who continues 
to be a key part of our board. So, we are very, very fortunate to have such strong founders who 
have built this organization and continue to provide guidance to the Mastek going forward. 
But I do want to call out a few more people here. Umang and Abhishek both talked about the 
capabilities that we are building and those capabilities and service lines, we have created a brand 
new role called the Global Chief Growth Officer. This role is going to be key strategic part of 
our Vision 2025 journey. We are going to bring all the capabilities together, looking at build, 
buy, partner, all our service lines, partnerships, all our inorganic activity, our minority 
investments, and Raman if I can request you to stand Raman is going to lead that charter. 
You have already heard Maninder talk about people and our culture. But if we don't deliver that 
day in and day out, if we don't delight our customers, if we don't continuously challenge our 
customers, and partner with them, none of this is going to happen. Our customer focus has been 
second to none. And we are very proud to have our Chief Delivery Officer who continues to 
drive that journey Narasimha if I can request you to stand. 
Hopefully, you have got a glimpse of what we can do with amplifying our messaging and some 
of the videos with what our marketing team has come up with. You will see hopefully more 
splash in the social media. But we stay true to ourselves. We are still going to remain a humble 
company, we still want to make it realistic, and deliver value. So, we are very proud to have 
Prajakta leading our marketing efforts, big hand for Prajakta again. 
We also got recently, Ritwik, if I can request you to stand. Ritwik comes from a slightly different 
background. He started his own companies. He sold his companies. He's built platforms. He has 
created new ventures and platforms. And he's going to lead our Innovation & Platforms charter. 
And like I said, you will see some glimpses of demos and videos that we have already built. 
The most important person who's Vimal. So, Vimal if I can request you to stand as well. And 
Vimal leads our Legal Compliance & Risk office. But he also has multiple hats, where he is 
playing a key role in integrating our entire ESG efforts. 
We cannot be Decomplexing Digital. We cannot be talking about Digital Engineering and Cloud 
transformation unless we decomplex our internal operations, unless we digitize Mastek 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 28 of 52 
internally. We are very proud to have a solid IT organization which we call Digital Catalyst 
Team, Narottam, if I can request you to stand, leads our DCT team. 
And while you don't see some names here, we have a few other leaders like Sundar and Rakesh, 
Rakesh, if you can please stand as well. Rakesh is actually our co-founder of Evosys, who's 
joined the company a couple of years back along with Umang and so many talented leaders that 
we have now integrated as One Mastek. We have had some amazing learnings and best practices 
from our Oracle Business that we are institutionalizing across the global Mastek One brand. 
Rakesh has played a key role in growing the Middle East market, but before that, partnering with 
Umang, Yash and many others, to build the entire Evosys company, which has been so super 
successful. 
So, I am just so excited and humbled to be part of this amazing team. We are looking at a 
challenging, but a super exciting journey ahead. In addition to our founders, in addition to our 
executive leadership team, we also have some very, very senior advisors who we have 
onboarded. We've made some announcements on that recently. So, in addition to our global 
board, we also have David O'Brien, David Rutchik, Vivek Chopra, Rob Shaw, Gary Barnes you 
see there at the bottom row. Each of these members have amazing connections in the industry, 
whether it's in UK public sector, whether it's in private sector, whether it's in large deals, whether 
it's in private equity, whether it's in running large companies themselves as experience-CEOs. 
So, we are very proud to have these caliber of advisors as part of our global Mastek team as well. 
So, with that, I want to end our formal session, but also tell you and re-announce that we are 
completing 40 years on May 14th this is a huge milestone for us. Like Maninder said multiple 
times, none of this would have happened without the Mastekeers, without our people who made 
all this happen, without our investors, without our supporters, without our stakeholders, which 
is all of you, without our customers. And we are just very fortunate to have not just an amazing 
team, but also some amazing supporters and investors like yourself. 
So, with that, I want to conclude our formal session and we will open it up for Q&A. I will invite 
Himanshi back. Thank you 
Himanshi Chatwani: 
Ladies and gentlemen, the Q&A session shall begin shortly. We are just going to get everything 
in place. It's a very simple process, I am sure that you have a couple of thoughts on your mind. 
I am going to encourage you to use this platform to please ask your questions. And all you have 
to do is just raise your hand, we have mics in the audience, I will come to you. And may I also 
request you to please introduce yourself, your firm, and the representative that you would like 
your question directed to. 
Also our virtual participants who have joined us here, well firstly, thank you so much for being 
a participant here with us today. And after the physical questions are done with the participants 
that are here, we are going to then open the opportunity for our virtual participants to ask in the 
questions. 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 29 of 52 
So, with that, in the next few seconds, I would like to invite our panel up for whom the questions 
can be directed to. And the questions that are coming in from the audience members, you can 
just maybe we can get the first person who's going to be asking him a question ready. Who's 
going to be the first person to ask in the question today? Great. With this, mam, please take the 
opportunity to request you to handover the mic to this lovely lady right there in the fourth row. 
With that may I please request Mr. Hiral Chandrana, Mr. Abhishek Singh, Ms. Maninder Kapoor 
Puri, Mr. Arun Agarwal and Mr. Umang Nahata to join us for the Q&A session. Please be seated. 
Thank you for joining us.  
Lisa Fernandes: 
Hi, I am Lisa Fernandes and I am from Equentis Wealth Advisory. So, first of all congrats on a 
strong performance and a great quarter and thanking for hosting this wonderful event. So, the 
thing is that you are focusing more on the U.S. market now. And for that, you will be zeroing 
down on substantial investments in capabilities also. So, I want to know, what will be your 
acquisition budget or the value range that you are targeting? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
I think I want to first clarify, when we say we are going to double down on the U.S., doesn't 
mean we are going to focus only on the U.S., we are going to focus on all our key growth markets 
and verticals, which includes UK, which includes Middle East, which includes Europe. We do 
see a substantial unrealized value in the U.S. just because of the sheer market opportunity and 
our size, relatively speaking, as you know, most of our competition does about 60% of their 
business, from the Americas. And in our case, it's a very small percentage point. So, from that 
perspective, relatively speaking, we have lot more room to grow. 
Having said that when it comes to both organic and inorganic we need to do a few things when 
it comes to capability building. So, our investments are not just going to be on M&A, they are 
going to be on capability building on sales, on subject matter experts, even on solutions, and 
delivery. When it comes to M&A, we have a thesis, which is Cloud platform, data, CX and 
automation. And the companies that we are targeting, as of right now is companies in the range 
of $20 million to $50 million run rate. So, what that means is, companies who are doing annual 
business of about roughly in the average range of about $30 to $35 million. So, that's the sweet 
spot we believe, is the right type of acquisition. 
Now, that doesn't mean we are going to not look at companies which are below that or above 
that, but that size of companies typically would come with a certain type of valuation some of it 
depends on the revenue side, some of it depends on the EBIT does. So, we are not hung up on a 
specific valuation or a specific size of investment. What we are focused on is looking at what 
capabilities do we want to amplify, what areas can give us market access, which industries can 
we even complement our own capabilities. And that intersection of capability, industry and 
market is where we will look at these assets. And we will be cautious in making sure that we 
invest in the right assets. But also, we are aggressively looking at scanning the entire market for 
the space. 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 30 of 52 
So, those are the types of companies between the $20 and $50 million range. It's very difficult 
to predict what the valuation for that as you know the market is very competitive today but we 
are looking at various options there. 
Lisa Fernandes: 
And what will be the impact on the margin? Just an estimate.  
Hiral Chandrana: 
First of all, it's very difficult to predict, future margins, because some of these assets have 
margins which are much better than Mastek. Some of these assets have margins that are lower, 
some of these are comparable. So, it really depends on the acquisition that we finally make. We 
believe that independent of where the companies are today, some of these companies, 
particularly the companies who are in the $20, $30 million ranges, do not have the scale at which 
Mastek can provide some of those shared services. Whether it is recruiting, whether it is delivery, 
whether it is platforms, whether it is tools, whether it is the infrastructure, whether it is the sales 
and account access. That's what we will leverage. What we are looking for in these organizations 
are differentiated capabilities and market access. We believe that we have the underlying shared 
services infrastructure, which can over a period of time, make them comparable if not better 
when it comes to margins.  
Lisa Fernandes: 
Okay. My second question is so on the Evosys merger, I want to know that are there any 
synergies yet to play out of this and in which segment will that be?  
Hiral Chandrana: 
If you ask me very candidly, we're just scratching the surface on synergies today. While we've 
done a few things well when it comes to co-selling together and cross-selling in each other's 
accounts, there's a tremendous potential. What Umang outlined earlier with respect to combining 
the organizations in North America, what Abhishek talked about, how the service line and the 
Oracle business are getting integrated in UK and Europe, the size of the deals and the type of 
accounts would be the two indicators that I would suggest you follow in the coming quarters. 
You will see that we are starting to win lot more end-to-end deals. These are deals like, lead to 
cash transformation, front-office to back-office and that happens because we have the Oracle 
cloud capability in the back-office and the front-office and the digital engineering capabilities in 
between. Bringing that together and replicating that success in multiple accounts and multiple 
geographies and multiple industries, it also will give us access to larger accounts. We were to 
report out very transparently and we do this even today in the investor sheet number of $3 million 
and greater accounts, the accounts which have $3 million run rate and greater, that's an indicator 
for you to say that we are actually growing our accounts. We're mining them well, fortune 1000 
clients. These are enterprise companies, which are greater than $2 billion. So that's another 
indicator. In the end, how we're delivering on our growth strategy and giving industry leading 
growth these would be the indicators that you can follow as we continue to drive synergies.  
 Himanshi Chatwani: 
We do have a couple of hands up, so we are just going to pass on the microphones. Also, for the 
webcast participants under the media player there's an audio question button to ask live 
questions. You might want to locate that. You still have little bit of time.  

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 31 of 52 
Mayank Babla: 
Hi. Thank you for this wonderful presentation. This is Mayank Babla here from the Dalal & 
Barucha Securities. I wanted to know what is the current contribution from Oracle led services 
to your revenue. 
Hiral Chandrana: 
It's roughly about 33% - 34%. 
Mayank Babla: 
Okay. Given that you are planning to expand towards other alliances, what do you expect this to 
be in the next two to three years?  
Hiral Chandrana: 
Mayank our overall business has got various elements to it. You saw some of the different 
service lines, Oracle plays into a couple of them actually. We have the enterprise apps, HCM, 
supply chain, finance transformations that happen. We also do some CX work that Umang 
alluded to. The data work is starting to come up. As we look at growth trajectories and start 
investing in Microsoft, Salesforces or other alliances, we don't necessarily see the Oracle 
business slowing down for the foreseeable future. The Oracle install base of on-premise 
customers is still very large. Some of the managed and cloud enhancement services that we 
alluded to earlier is still a big opportunity. So, when it comes to the business mix of Oracle, we 
believe that that is going to grow at an equal rate as we grow the organization. Now there might 
be some newer alliances that become much bigger. For example, Microsoft is another big bet 
that we're making, but that doesn't mean that the Oracle business is going to slow down.  
Mayank Babla: 
You mentioned about the platforms business. What is the current contribution from there and 
what is your plan over the next few years?  
Hiral Chandrana: 
The current contribution from that is fairly minimal. As you know Mastek, we have actually a 
history of building solutions and products even in the 80s, we had a very successful platform 
Majesco that turned into a super successful company. And so, we had the DNA. Even when we 
look at our business today, there is a product kind of mindset when we look at our digital 
engineering work and our cloud transformation work. The assets that we have today are not 
getting monetized. We are leveraging them to be successful in front of our customers, but we've 
not really monetized them. And that's the journey that we're on. We will share more details when 
it comes to what the potential is, but we believe over period of time, we should be at a 5% of our 
overall business, should come from our innovation and platforms business at least the next 3-4 
years.  
Himanshi Chatwani : 
We have hands in the front. 
Mihir: 
Thanks for giving the opportunity and thanks for such a wonderful presentation. I mean, the 
company has delivered superb financial performance over the last two years. Mihir this side 
from Carnelian Capital. My question was on the overall target, and you have even mentioned 
about a close to $1 billion kind of revenue over the next five to six years. How should we see 
the organic front here? Any color on the organic side would be helpful, what kind of organic 
growth are you seeing over the next five to six years? The second question was more on a 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 32 of 52 
structural angle, my sense is that my reading is that, once the initial cloud adoption happens, 
adoption and transformation, the speed at which the spends are growing, probably the speed will 
come down. So wanted to get your understanding on that, these two questions. Thank you very 
much.  
Hiral Chandrana: 
I am not answering the question. I want to pass the billion-dollar question to Arun and then I'll 
take the other question in terms of the cloud angle and maybe Umang can add to that as well. 
Arun Agarwal: 
Mihir, again it’s a journey and I just showed the financial number. We have grown at good 
CAGR last five years, both M&A and organically, the journey continues. Definitely, you will 
see good organic growth coming. We believe we are going to grow and lead greater than what 
industry is growing at. That's the target internally. We don't give guidance, unfortunately, but 
the aspiration is a billion dollar in next, as Hiral alluded into early part of, second half of this 
decade. However, at the same time, what is important, M&A is going to be more focusing upon 
the capabilities and in the US specifically to start with. Gradually, we'll be getting into UK and 
Europe market as well, to fill in the gaps of both clients and the capabilities as we say. The 
growth is going to come as a combination and it will be really difficult to say, what percentage 
will be organic and what percentage will be inorganic, but you can go buy organic growth at 
least up more than what industry is targeting.  
Hiral Chandrana: 
Umang, maybe you can add on the cloud sort of journey.  
Umang Nahata: 
As far as the cloud opportunity is concerned, I think we're still very-very early days. Just by 
Oracle numbers, there is still sub-40% in terms of the conversion, not even 40% of the customers 
have migrated and this is only the e-business field. PeopleSoft and JD Edwards the numbers are 
very-very low, not even in the twenties yet. The headroom for cloud conversion is we are still 
getting the more matured, end-to-end customers are now coming to play in terms of specialty 
supply chain, the manufacturing ones, we're now getting into those cloud migration discussions. 
I think there is enough for another three to five years I think there's no question of any slowdown 
in terms of net new cloud migration projects coming in. Plus, like I said, we are also building 
this CES capability, the Cloud Enhancement Services, because the cloud gets upgraded every 
quarter. So, there is going to be constant business the implementation is just the beginning of the 
journey. You need to continuously enhance the product, work on, making sure that you're getting 
the maximum ROI out of it. I think it’s both force, so the journey is clearly I don't see any visible 
end to it, and it is definitely going to continue for the mid to long-term.  
Hiral Chandrana: 
And, while we have talked about cloud migration, the innovation that happens once companies 
move to the cloud, whether it's Oracle or whether it's Azure or AWS, that's a bigger opportunity 
too, maybe Abhishek you want to add little bit in terms of, once the customers have moved to 
the cloud, that's where we are working towards building solutions and next generation 
capabilities.  

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 33 of 52 
Abhishek Singh: 
Exactly. I think getting into the cloud is the start of the digital journey. That's what we calling 
as a customer for life. There are enough and more surround services that are needed. That's the 
exciting part that right now we are on-boarding a lot of customers with our cloud capability, 
whether on-prem to cloud or just the native implementation. But the requirement that they have 
it is the start of their digital journey. So that's where the digital capabilities come in handy. 
Whichever way you dissect it, the core demand in the cloud space, or the surround capabilities 
enhance the customer for life, it's here to stay.  
Hiral Chandrana: 
As an example, just to make sure that we're, you heard some of the examples already, but let's 
say that the customer's moved into Oracle cloud or Azure or AWS, the next step for them is 
making sure that they're delivering new functionality and solutions to their customers So, in the 
case of a provider or a hospital chain, that would be for the patients. When it comes to the 
government work that we do, that will be for the citizens, when it comes to the retailers, that will 
be for the consumers and providing these innovative solutions, whether it's customer on-
boarding and financial services or it's patient experience, these are the capabilities that would 
require a lot more development work. This is what's called Cloud Native Development. That 
happens only once the customers have moved into the cloud. We believe there is a room here, 
not just in migrating to the cloud, but also innovating in the cloud. 
Mihir:  
Understood and just an extension to this. Let’s assume that the cloud spend adoption is close to 
$100, is the cloud development spend more than $100 or less than $100? If yes, by how much? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Mihir, the verdict is not out on that yet. The reason is roughly 45% to 50% of the customers that 
we track, at least in our space have moved some part of their portfolio in some cases their entire 
estate to the public cloud. But in some cases, they are just catching up. Many of them accelerated 
that during the pandemic, because they realized that, hey you know what, if we don't do that we 
will be left behind. There's lot of customers who've accelerated that journey. The reason I say 
the verdict is not out yet, is because we are just starting to reap the benefits of that cloud 
movement and the new solutions that I was talking about, the cloud native development, earlier 
someone alluded to the low-code no-code development. These are things that are just started 
happening in the last two, three years at scale. I think the services opportunity on that, the recent 
companies like Pega or OutSystems or Snowflake or some of these newer providers have come 
into play, because what you saw in the infrastructure wave 20 years back and the applications 
wave 10 years back, you're starting to see that in the data wave. All those things are coming 
together, and you amplify that through automation, that verdict is not out yet. I think the services 
opportunity will be much bigger over a period of time, but it will take a few years for it to all 
come to fruition.  
Amit Doshi: 
Hi, this is Amit Doshi from CARE PMS. Congratulations on the great journey. I think for 
investor like me going to Ahmedabad, meeting Abhishek ji, Sudhakar ji, Ashank ji and coming 
here, it's a different journey altogether. I must congratulate every Mastekeer. Coming to 
questions I think first question probably to Abhishek related to the UK business. Historically, 
before Evosys acquisition challenge for the Mastek was the organic growth, UK itself of course 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 34 of 52 
we've always had a very strong present in public sector. You mentioned in one of your slides 
that 50% of the Oracle in UK is in public sector and second, you mentioned about this UK private 
business, taking up to the next level. What do you believe has changed over the last two years 
that you believe that there will be a great organic growth coming in the UK business?  
Abhishek Singh: 
Thank you for that question. Thanks for tracking and being with us all along. It starts first with 
what capabilities you have, instead of boiling the ocean first, you look at what do you have 
within and what can you scale. That's where we shared the assetization of our capabilities. As a 
simple example, that takes us from one customer to many BFS customers, the fraud detection 
and fraud prevention part that I talked about. So that's the first step. The second one is the 
fundamental transformation of the organization, where we were order takers going there and 
having discussion with customers of what's the opportunity versus now working with the buyer 
CIO organization, working with the business on what's the business problem that we can solve. 
For example, retail customer our retailer needs its wholesale customer to onboard faster. That's 
their business problem. A delay in that is a revenue leak for them. That's what we are solving as 
against providing another two more DevSecOps or five data or five testers. That's another change 
that has come into the organization. Third and most important one is UK, Ireland and Europe as 
a geography. Oracle is a strong in public sector, but it has got 18% of its opportunity in BFS, 
9% in retail, 8% in telecoms and media. This is just the UK data. Then Europe led by 
manufacturing and BFS opportunities, as we are succeeding in Europe and as we are succeeding 
in commercial industry, as Oracle calls it that gives us the opportunity to bring in our digital 
services in this space. Last, but definitely not the least, which is fundamental is, building your 
sales team based on the vertical capabilities, vertical focus, architecting capability that you do 
the discovery work with the CIO, give them the confidence. The scale that we have delivered in 
public sector gives confidence to the enterprise customers, that's yes, you have done it at scale 
consistently over 30 years with them, you can do it with in their estate as well. These are the 
things that are changing, and we are leading with the conversation to give them the confidence. 
We just landed a fortune 50 customer.  
Amit Doshi: 
Thanks. The second one, while Hiral did talk about $1 billion target and of course that would 
involve a lot of capability building, lot of go to market steps that you will have to take. How 
much margin are you willing to dilute from the current levels to get to these, to that $1 billion 
target, which is far higher than the CAGR growth that we saw Mastek for last five years, which 
includes one of the acquisitions as well? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
I'll start and then Arun can add, but as we look at this journey, even in our annual report last 
year, we said that in the early part of the second half of the decade for us is 2025-2026 fiscal 
year which is four years from now. In that early part, we want to get to a billion-dollar run rate, 
which is basically $250 million per quarter at that stage. The margin story has a few different 
components to it. One is based on our cost structures based on our fixed leverage that we have, 
based on our people, our entire infrastructure, but there are some elements which are changing 
in the new scheme of things. When we say value-based delivery and when we say delivering on 
business outcomes, we're really meaning it. What that change is, is that it changes the 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 35 of 52 
conversation from the rate card to saying, hey, what value are you willing to commit? We believe 
that the margin conversation does not have to be a linear conversation saying, hey, this is my 
cost to people, and this is the price I'm getting, and this is the rate card. So that is one aspect of 
it. The second aspect of it is that while we continue to industrialize some of the assets, the lessons 
learned the integration of the teams, the go-to markets the same thing happens on the delivery 
side. So, Narasimha and his team are going to drive a completely new charter on delivery 
transformation. As we look at automation, as we look at tooling, as we look at assets, which can 
actually industrialize delivery as well. So that's another kind of margin lever. Having said all 
that stuff the growth aspiration that we have, the potential M&As that we will do will come at 
different margin levels and in the foreseeable future for the next 12 to 18 months, we've 
communicated this in many different discussions and analyst and investor calls that we'd like to 
keep it at a 20% range for our operating EBITDA. If you fast forward 12, 18 months down the 
road, it's very difficult to predict the competitive landscape, because the reality is that we're 
getting into a much bigger deal when it comes to some of these larger deals, some of the larger 
enterprise customers. So, we basically said we're comfortable in the high teens, and towards the 
range of the 18% to 20% mark. That gives us about 2% to 3% flexibility when it comes to 
operating margin, but in the foreseeable future we want to keep it at the 20% range. 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Arun, you want to add anything? 
Arun Agarwal: 
Absolutely fine. As Hiral alluded into, there will always be a leverage. While definitely we need 
to invest for the future growth, but there are multiple operating levers like some of them I spoke 
about. So, there will always be a balance but yes 20% is the guidance which we are looking for 
as our internal target in terms of operating EBITDA and as time goes by, we will discuss more, 
how it is panning and coming along.  
Amit Doshi: 
The last one. Do you believe that Middle East business has saturated because quarter-on-quarter 
what numbers that we are seeing is something which seems to have a bit of a saturation? So, that 
was one. And second, as far as US is concerned, of course, now we are targeting from 17% to 
33% share in our Mastek’s revenue. So, prior to one Mastek, so what portion was Evosys 
catering to, and what portion that we are targeting as a US market. So, if these two questions can 
be answered. 
Umang Nahata: 
As far as the Middle East business is concerned, so we are taking a very pragmatic and strategic 
view to our Middle East business. If you look at the historic Middle East business, we still almost 
run 20% to 25% of Oracle's business in Middle East. So, we are the dominant partner that Oracle 
had, which meant that we got a lot of customers, tons of customers coming in left right center. 
And as we expand globally, and as we really start delivering mature businesses, I think our focus 
in terms of doing or having a long tail is really going down. So, we don’t want to consistently 
have a long-tail of small customers and where we are not able to deliver value or repeat. So, 
what is happening in Middle East is we are realigning our market focus to pick up a high value, 
high margin, high potential customers and we are letting go some of those long tail businesses. 
So, it is more like a realignment rather than a saturation. The business in Middle East is definitely 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 36 of 52 
going to pick up. The data centers have now been established. The Middle East is going through 
a significant growth in itself. Saudi has like plans of really turning on the growth engines in the 
region and it is more than 50% of Middle East market. So, Middle East is going to grow, but our 
business plan, at least for this last 12 months and for the foreseeable couple of more quarters is 
to reorganize ourselves, take off that long tail, focus on the right deals and then accelerate it back 
again from there. So, it is a very-very calculated, planned step in terms of moving to the right 
kind of deals and customers in Middle East. So, that's as far as Middle East is concerned. The 
second part of the business North America was around one third of our business as far as the 
Oracle services is concerned already. So, we were doing tremendous growth as far as our Oracle 
business is concerned. The Oracle business was literally growing almost 80% to 100% already 
over the last two years. And we with the new focus, I really don't want to go into a break-up of 
Oracle non-Oracle. That's exactly what I want to avoid. I want to talk about an integrated single 
business. So, historically, yes, we were growing at around 80% to 100% only in Oracle. Oracle 
will grow, but our intention is to grow Oracle with an integrated business focus only. 
Hiral Chandrana: 
And just to add on Middle East, I think while historically our primary business was Oracle on 
the apps, which is ERP and HCM and supply chain. We have actually moved a senior leader 
with digital services background. So, we are starting to see service now opportunities, Microsoft 
opportunities, cloud development opportunities in the Middle East as well. So, part of this 
account mining focus is to sacrifice some lower quality revenue but focus on some select 
accounts that can take us into the future with lot more deeper account mining across different 
parts of Mastek services. 
Amit Doshi: 
Thanks. If I can add one more for Arun. What portion of the revenue you believe the growth 
would be owing to the price escalation? And second, do we plan to have any fixed dividend 
payout policy? That is all from my side. Thanks. 
Arun Agarwal: 
Price escalation some of them are part of the contract. As you know, lot of wage cost is going 
up, the headcounts, the resources, people are becoming much more expensive. So, definitely that 
gets factored into the new rate card at least, whenever you go and compete in the market all 
competitions have changed their input cost. So, we also go by that. With the existing client, we 
are seeing industry is going in the range of, overall, if you take the new clients and the existing 
client together, 5% to 7% is a range which even ISG is talking about. In case of niche, digital 
transformation, and next gen technology, it could be in the range of 10%. But broadly that's the 
range which industry is seeing. And when we are talking to our customers, they are also open-
minded some of the contracts you can’t do which are fixed price contract, but lot of TNM 
contracts which comes on renewal on an annual basis, the customers are open to have those 
conversations with us. Coming back to the dividend, yes, as a company there's no specific-
specific percentage, but currently if you see last two years, we are in the range of 19% to 20% 
of PAT which we are giving. Our endeavor is to maintain. However, if there is more M&A 
requirement, there's more fund requirement which we believe can be more EPS accretive as a 
value creation for shareholders we will come and talk to you all. 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 37 of 52 
Varun Goenka: 
Good evening. This is Varun Goenka from Value Quest. And as we see Abhishek move from 
the finance side to the operating side last two years. Congratulations, Abhishek. So, my question 
is the basic fundamental Oracle side, if we see globally Oracle lost out completely on the cloud 
wars, and recently they seemed to get very-very aggressive announcing measures against SAP 
and the 2025 event of Oracle and SAP going completely off rim and moving to cloud. They are 
going to even withdraw support. So, my question is what exactly is Oracle’s right to win? 
Because within the cloud wars, AWS and Azure are clear dominance and Oracle is not even got 
to double digit market share yet. And given our significant revenue linked to Oracle, how is this 
aggression of Oracle really helping implementation partners or vendors like us? And our future 
seems to be predominantly linked to their success, at least for now? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Umang, I can start and then you can add. The definition of our cloud business, I think needs to 
be clarified, Varun. It's a very good question and I think it's important to understand that when 
it comes to cloud, there is infrastructure as a service, there is platform as a service and there is 
software as a service and there's data elements that are embedded in there as well. When you 
hear the market share domination of an Azure or an AWS, or even a Google cloud, that's 
primarily on the infrastructure as a service to some extent on the platform. That's the majority of 
the infrastructure moving into the cloud. The business that we are currently focused on, and 
which is bulk of our business, is actually on the SaaS portion of the cloud vertical stack. So, this 
is where cloud ERP, cloud supply chain, cloud HCM, cloud EPM, and in that space, I have spent 
27 years in the US market, and I have seen SAP and Oracle very-very closely. These are the two 
large ERP players. There are a few smaller players, but these are the two large stronger players. 
And compared to SAP, the journey that Oracle has taken when it comes to cloud in the SaaS 
world is much-much stronger, and it's much more mature. Most of SAP's SaaS business has not 
moved to the cloud other than the acquisitions that they have made. They have made acquisitions 
like success factors which is cloud based. But in the case of Oracle, that journey started about 7-
8 years back and the journey that we are on is in that SaaS business. So, I just wanted to give 
that context of the place that we are in when it comes to cloud. And Umang can add on top of 
that. 
Umang Nahata: 
Thanks. So, that's very true. And as far as that SaaS business is concerned, Oracle clearly is the 
dominant player. So, first time in Oracle's history between that Oracle SAP compete, SAP clearly 
was the leader as far as the on-premise days were there. Now, if you look at any analyst charts, 
be it Gartner, Forrester, IDC, whatever Oracle leads the chart hands down as far as the SaaS 
business is concerned and therefore, we are quite keen on the Oracle business on the SaaS side 
which is where we are associated. As far as the SAP compete business is concerned, which is 
where we are really prominent and we are one of the key partners, in fact the only partner listed 
on Oracle's website who does SAP compete with them. If you look at the product convergence 
so SAP has S4HANA, that is their premier cloud product, and we are doing the fusion 
applications, cloud S the public cloud conversion of S4HANA that is their premier cloud product 
and we are doing the fusion applications cloud. As the public cloud convergence of S4HANA is 
rarely low. Most of them are private cloud setups where you can move your infrastructure and 
you still run. We think the business going to be eventually public cloud. That's when the real 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 38 of 52 
cloud transformation comes in. And the cost of transforming and we have come across a variety 
of these, we have done a lot in the UK public sector where we have SAP customers who have 
migrated to Oracle cloud with our assets, etc., just the sheer cost difference of migrating or 
upgrading to an SAP cloud versus an Oracle cloud was anywhere between 3x to 5x. So, not only 
is the product better right now on the Oracle side, the pricing is also a significant differentiator. 
And usually, the anti-incumbency of having an ERP which are tons of customization SAP having 
a really complex licensing model, etc., I think in my view the ball is really tilting towards the 
Oracle side as far as the conversion battle goes. And that is why Oracle really aggressively 
flashing out saying that, okay, we have converted x number of customers from SAP to Oracle 
and a large number of those conversions have been done by us. So, I think it's a really good time 
to be in the Oracle's corner as far as the SAP Oracle compete is concerned. 
Hiral Chandrana: 
And because this is such an important question, I want to add just one more thing. Now in that 
SaaS world, there is front office, middle office and back office. When it comes to back office, 
we are talking about ERP, we are talking about supply chain, we are talking about HCM. And 
there we are very clear that our strategy is anchored around Oracle because we have domination 
and because we have differentiation among top. But when it comes to mid-office and front office, 
we are opening up our avenues to at least about four or five other key strategic alliances. 
Microsoft, you heard that a couple of times, but we are doing some very cutting-edge work when 
it comes to cloud native development, power automate and power apps which are also built on 
cloud, built on Microsoft Azure. Salesforce, when it comes to the entire customer journey from 
sales, services, marketing, this is all in the front office. Pega, which is the confluence of 
intelligent automation and customer engagement. You heard Snowflake earlier, which is an area 
that we are looking at when it comes to the data cloud. So, Oracle, while we will anchor our 
capabilities on the ERP, HCM and supply chain, and we believe there's a lot more headroom to 
grow even there, but when it comes to front office and middle office, there are some other 
strategic partnerships, including AWS and Azure, where we will build capabilities on those 
hyperscalers. And that's how we will diversify and make sure that we are addressing the entire 
cloud potential across a front office, middle office and back office. 
Varun Goenka: 
Sure. Thanks for clarifying so much. Another question on the product platform business that you 
spoke about, even though minuscule today. What is the kind of investments that we envisage in 
the next 3-4 years? Because it takes generally 5 to 8 years to really have some scale and get into 
some kind of profitability. 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Varun, another good question and happy to chat offline and Ritvik is here so he can walk you 
through some of the direction out there as well. But at a headline level, we are not trying to build 
a new product, and we are not trying to create a brand-new platform. We have existing assets. 
Abhishek alluded to the fraud analytics and the fraud management. We actually have some assets 
in those areas already. What we see missing is certain process gaps, some technology elements, 
and some partnerships. If we bridge those gaps, we believe those assets can get amplified into a 
platform that can get monetized. You heard also about asset leasing management in the vehicle 
leasing. We already have built assets in there. We just not monetized it. Even in the Oracle world, 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 39 of 52 
there's a couple of assets, actually there's about 15-16 of them that's built on Oracle platform as 
a service, but 2 or 3 in particular, the workforce scheduler, the time-tracking system, these are 
examples of assets, there are some industry accelerators that we have built in, but if we combine 
some of the process gaps in technology gaps with maybe some startup partners, we believe we 
can take these existing assets and monetize them into a much more innovative led platform 
business. So, we are not talking about starting a five-year/ multi-year journey. Some of these 
platforms will be launched this quarter and some of them will be launched later this year. And 
we believe that as we look at the next 3 to 4 years, customers are expecting some of this stuff 
and we being a business solutions DNA for a long time, have some of these investments and 
capabilities already. Having said that we will have to do some more investments and we have 
kind of baked that as part of our 3–4-year journey. 
Varun Goenka: 
Just a final clarification, given our hands are so full and we have so much to do in UK and US, 
would we consider sometime exiting Middle East given return on time or return on capital would 
be much higher in UK and US in terms of management bandwidth? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Maybe I'll start and Umang can add. See, our Middle East business is actually very strategic. So, 
my request to all the investor community in particular is to look at it a little bit more holistically. 
And the reason I say that is because we have actually built a business which differentiates not 
just in the Middle East market but helps us across the globe. A lot of our initial graduates, a lot 
of our initial employees who joined the organization, get their first projects executed in Middle 
East. A lot of the very senior leaders in our Oracle business actually did their first 
implementations in Middle East. And we see the same thing even today where we are leveraging 
that experience and once they spend a couple of years in Middle East, we are actually moving 
them into the UK or US markets. So, for us, it's an extended engine for grooming talent. Now 
having said that we are doing some very cutting-edge work in particularly financial services, 
hospitals and healthcare, and manufacturing areas. And that industry capability that we are 
acquiring in Middle East is also going to help our vertical-cloud differentiation. So, I wouldn't 
look at Middle East standalone just because the growth numbers are not comparable. By design, 
like Umang said, we are exiting certain accounts because we want to focus on higher quality 
revenue, but there's a whole lot of differentiators that we are getting by being in that geography. 
And Umang, feel free to add. 
Umang Nahata: 
You put it very right. Of course, Middle East is really key part of the jigsaw. If you take that out 
of the business, for example, when went through this phase of high attrition, just that we had a 
strong Middle East business, it allowed us to deliver well in UK and US because we could easily 
shuffle people around even in those times. Two, from the Middle East business standpoint by 
itself and while Hiral explained the overall jigsaw, I think we have a really strong market hold. 
The diversification from a geography standpoint in a market where you have strong hold and 
letting go, I think would be not so wise on our part. Yes, we need to relook at what kind of 
revenue that we are acquiring from that market. And that is something that we are thinking of. 
But the market is definitely the hub from variety of standpoints. Like for example, we build the 
Oracle relationship, it is the starting point for our Servicenow relationship. It is also the starting 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 40 of 52 
point for our Snowflake relationship. A lot of things happen in Middle East which then we take 
forward. So, that market we have a really strong customer hold, and therefore it allows us to 
build many of these capabilities out there first. Two, like I said, if we correct our current 
positioning and leave that tail aside, very soon you will start seeing Middle East deliver a 
phenomenal growth. And if you look at from the Middle East market’s eye, I think the world is 
going to change very soon again, especially with Saudi the kind of investments that they are 
going to make in terms of recreating the city and recreating the country in a few years’ time, we 
will be very happy that we continued in the market that is phenomenally changing and growing. 
So, I think it's a market where we have to stay both in the integrated stand and as well as in the 
standalone market point of view also. 
Varun Goenka: 
Thank you so much. 
Abhishek Singh: 
Varun, in short term it is a paid training ground. 
Varun Goenka: 
I get that. Thank you. 
Himanshi Chatwani : 
Before we take the next question from our attendees here, I once again would like to remind our 
virtual participants, all you have to do is, it’s a very simple process, under the media player there 
is an audio question button, so you can record your question and then we will play it for our 
leaders here. So, please make the most of this platform and the opportunity. Back to our 
participants here. 
Pankit Shah: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. This is Pankit Shah from Dinero Wealth. My question is mainly 
towards UK government business, UK public sector business where we have seen in past that 
because of elections or their political volatility, there's a freeze on spending and even the existing 
projects get delayed, and the fresh projects also doesn't come in. So, how big a risk is this and 
how do we see this? 
Abhishek Singh: 
Thank you for that question. It's the progression that we have made over a couple of years that 
gives us the confidence. It happened in 2019 with Brexit when there was a complete policy and 
governmental what do you call as for want of a better term paralysis that the government of 
Theresa May was going to stay or not what kind of kind of Brexit would the nation had adopted 
soft or hard Brexit and hence, there was a bit of a of a slowdown there. At that time, we were 
operating on the periphery of many critical programs. Over the last two years, we are now at the 
core of it, which is fairly insulated. So, no matter which government comes in, no matter what 
policies you adopt, these are the programs that have got funding support from the parliamentary 
approval process. So, it's fairly insulated. The second one is we ourselves have matured over a 
period of time that we are now participating in the critical part, not just on the process, or the 
project that we have got, but we are aware of the whole journey, where it is going hence what 
do we need to do to be prepared, for example, the home office 50 million pound engagement of 
52 million pound engagement that we just signed for three years, this was a plan that we executed 
over the last 12 to 15 months, knowing fully well, that what we would have done on the biometric 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 41 of 52 
side would yield opportunities, how do you get ready for it? The same story applies on let's say, 
NHS digital in particular, where the last six months successes have come in. So, it's the maturity 
of the organization of how you are playing and if you saw the slide, which talked about the 
Advisory Board, there are a couple of other advisors as well, who provide us with that insight. 
So, we know how it is progressing and how do you need to get prepared? For example, we are 
running the campaign right now to land the revenues and customs side. How do you expand 
there, we have landed there, but we have not expanded yet. So, I would say it's plain and simple. 
It's a very mature customer, it's a very sophisticated customer, pays in time has got everything 
of strong governance established, we now know a lot better than what we were in 2019 to work 
it and expand it. 
Pankit Shah: 
Okay, thanks for that. And some more color on the acquisition side. Just wanted to understand 
how aggressive are we planning to be? How close are we for an acquisition? 
Hiral Chandrana:  
So, Pankaj will obviously keep you posted as we make progress, but we definitely want to do at 
least one acquisition this year, the initial focus is going to be on the US market, we are looking 
at multiple areas that we talked about, but in very focused spaces and I think that $20 to $50 
million kind of revenue, size of customers is really what we're focused on. I think, in the next 
two or three months, we should be in a position to hopefully announce something, but it's never 
done until it is done and we have a very rigorous process when it comes to both qualifying, 
evaluating as well as doing our due diligence is with these M&A targets. So, it's tough to predict, 
but we are moving in the right direction. 
Pankit Shah: 
Great, all the best. Thank you. 
Vikas Khemani: 
Hi, my name is Vikas Khemani from Carnelian. My question is more macro. And first of all, 
congratulations on such a great journey and great insightful session. My question is more at a 
macro level, I think from the all the macro indicators, US is more likely to get into a stagflation 
kind of environment, inflation is catching up interest rates are going up and typically in this kind 
of scenario, if suppose, and we don't know what will happen, but if let's say probabilities are 
higher on that side, based on your experience being in the market for so many years, and 
interaction with the client, how do you see this time is going to be do you think the demand 
environment can slow down? I mean of course, journey right now looks very good, but if that 
were to happen, what would your take be given the fact that our US is also a very, very critical 
part for our growth? 
Hiral Chandrana:  
Sure. That's a good question Vikas. Because if you take a look at a few of these cycles, that that 
the global I mean, at a global level, but particularly in the US, there have been times whether it's 
the financial crisis, or even in the dot com booms, it takes some of these kind of cycles, there are 
elements that that can all fit together, right. When there is pressure on margins and prices, there's 
more cost optimizations that are needed. So, that creates opportunities. When the economy is 
doing well, which it has been in the last few years. There's more innovation that happens. When 
it comes to market share, grab, when companies are changing and reimagining business models. 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 42 of 52 
People want to move towards cloud and digitize their operations. So, each crisis has created 
opportunity. The second aspect of it is that because of the macro level uncertainties right whether 
it's inflation and wage costs and supply chain challenges, or even just worker challenges or even 
the unfortunate war that is happening what that leads to is that some customers become much 
more cautious, rightly so. But when customers look at transformation, they're looking at large 
transformations and they look at it and saying, you know what, we don't want to do all this 
together, we don't want to take our entire real estate and hand it over to one particular vendor or 
partner, that's actually a good thing for us. Because if they did that, then we may not be the best 
partner. But what customers are looking at right now is they're breaking up their overall spend, 
and say, hey, let's look at certain areas and let's face this out, let's look at maybe a front office 
area or developing a particular platform capability and when it comes to best of breed partners, 
and looking at how they can co-work with system integrators like us, they are breaking down 
larger budgets into smaller numbers, while we have aspirations to grow into the large deal sizes, 
which we are already doing relative to where we are, some of the customers are saying, hey you 
know what, instead of spending this into entire 100 million in one shot, let me break it up into 
five phases and even that, let me pick a best of breed partner who I can work it in one particular 
area. So, to us, that's an advantage, because we become a much strong challenger, to convert it. 
So, yes, there will be challenges, there will be some of these cycles in the US, we will have to 
be very focused and Umang walked you through the entire differentiation strategy, or go to 
market our cultural kind of mindset change in the industries that were focused on and in the 
sweet spots that we have, we believe there is a lot more headroom, even with some of the 
uncertainty and challenges that we have in the market. 
Vikas Khemani:  
Is it fair to assume that in your aspiration of billion dollar, you assume taken care of the 
headwinds in the macro environment, if at all, if it happens, and you will probably gain market 
share, your size is very small. So, is it fair to assume that? 
Hiral Chandrana:  
See, the window that we have in the next three, four years, irrespective of how the markets will 
get challenged, is really a growth window, right? Relative to some of our peer groups, and even 
our mid-cap providers who are larger than us, we're still relatively small, as you know. So, we 
have a growth window here over the next three to five years, which is a massive spend on cloud 
and digital, independent of the market crisis. Now, of course, some of those challenges might 
slow down some of the spends, it might delay some of the decision making, it might repurpose 
some of the areas that customers are investing in,right? But we believe that the areas that we are 
in are much more modern, transformational innovative areas that are not just optimizing their 
spend, but also helping them transform. So, we feel comfortable that we're in the right spaces to 
grab some of that market share. It's difficult to predict quarter on quarter, what will happen, but 
we feel that we are we have the ingredients to take on some of these challenges. 
Vikas Khemani:  
Great. Thanks all the best. 
Mohit: 
Sir Mohit from Anand Rathi, just one thing on the UK side, UK, private, we haven't discussed 
enough. So, what is happening there because in our spreadsheet when we do this UK breakup, 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 43 of 52 
you guys are the dominant players on the public side, but on the private side, it appears weak 
compared to the peers that we have. So, what are the plans for next few years on UK private side 
and a connected question is why are we going to European side while not covering UK private 
in totality? 
Abhishek Singh:  
Thank you, if anyone knew it better that would be only you, that said, I think the start of the UK 
private sector journey is about the focus that we have bought last year was about building the 
sales organization, identifying the capabilities that we had, and establishing the reach, deciding 
what is it that you want to sell and where is it that you want to sell and the green shoots of data 
clearly visible. I mean, we did rush a bit on that slide but it's not for want of depth. For example, 
the vehicle leasing space, which then backward integration would be the asset leasing space, you 
start with that the EV revolution gives you phenomenal opportunity. Lex leasing, Zenith, these 
are acquired by Lloyds Bank now and they are now coming up with multi-million replatforming 
opportunity that Mastek would have the opportunity to participate in because it built it in its first 
avtaar 7, 8 years back. The anchor customers that I have in that space gives me the right to 
actually expand that. So, this is how you are identifying your capabilities in the private sector 
space. The European part of it that you alluded to is independent. It was driven by the SaaS 
relationship that we had with Oracle and we had some good growth both in terms of order 
booking as well as revenue. It grew pretty fast in the in the last financial year, which gives us 
strong confidence that we can expand it with the Oracles’ ambition and the amount of investment 
that it is making in that market. If you bring in your digital capability with land, Oracle or SaaS 
capability expand using digital capability, you are not going to go through the discovery phase 
that we had to do in the UK business for private sector. So, that's why Europe is the focus, but 
that does not mean that you're not doing it in UK, we are doing in the Europe right from the 
word go, when it is pretty nascent, it is sub 10 million, you doing it there right away. So, that's 
why we are doing it in an integrated fashion in Europe and in UK, these assets are identified, 
sales teams are built and I would like to believe that next financial year, it should be a lot 
different. 
Mohit: 
Europe will not be on the public side. Right. This is more on the private side. 
Abhishek Singh:  
At this point. It's completely enterprise side.  
Hiral Chandrana:               And Mohit just to maybe clarify there again, see the European market, we are not going to go 
after all the different countries as well, right, we are going to be very focused on some parts of 
Nordic, certain places like France and Netherlands, where Oracle is actually taking us as the 
preferred partner and the reason this is important is our sales cost and the investments that we 
need to make, obviously are not going to be that large, and we are going to be able to get pipeline 
as a result of that. Now, having said that, our UK infrastructure, when it comes to pre sales when 
it comes to solution building when it comes to people and architecture can be leveraged in those 
English speaking markets, particularly Netherlands and Nordics or English speaking markets 
where we've done some good projects, some of the accounts that we won, whether it's Arcadis 
or Exide, actually are global accounts, which have presence in UK, which have presence in North 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 44 of 52 
America as well, but they started in Europe right? So, there's some interesting dynamics there in 
terms of again, a very sort of selective and focused approach towards the broader Europe market. 
Mohit: 
 Right in one for Umang sir, would you continue to look for Evosys growth or like, you will be 
asking someone else like who is handling Evosys growth and the second thing is, on the US side, 
like as we remember if I remember correctly during the Evosys days few years back when you 
integrated US was not a strong piece for Evosys at that point in time. But today, you spoke about 
33% of the business coming from the US. So, those like US has grown really fast for Evosys in 
the last two years, or this is the total number, we are not comparing the right numbers. 
Umang Nahata:  
So, the order book numbers of US have been growing really fast, we had invested quite early on 
so when we integrated we had those years made those early investments in sales, we also 
acquired a small entity called Newbury at that point in time. So, we had gone through those 
investment phases early on, the order book numbers of US are close to that kind of range, maybe 
slightly lower than 1/3. I don't have the exact stats, but it is definitely growing substantially fast 
as far as the Oracle ecosystem or the Evosys business view is concerned and like I said, we 
continue to. Now coming back to the forward-looking part as far as the new structure and design 
of our business concern, we are going to look at it from an integrated business point of view. 
While Oracle continues to be one of our key GTMs Oracle continues to be a key part of our 
differentiated solution offering. We are not going to look at it as Oracle non-Oracle, we are going 
to look at it as integrated North America business. Having said that, there is a leader called 
Yashodhar Bhinde who is going to take care of the Oracle service line. So, Oracle is going to be 
one of our biggest service lines in the in the group and we have identified a dedicated leader and 
owner who's going to run that service line with a constant focus on growing the Oracle Service 
line from a service line design point of view. So, that's the revised structures. So, Oracle focus 
continues with the service line leader. So, who was earlier working in UK is now running the 
Oracle service line. The regional focuses are going to be fully integrated, I think our strength 
lies in the integrated solution or integrated offering. So, we continue to look at it from an 
integrated fashion. 
Mohit: 
So, Evosys respective geographies will roll up to individual, some part of it will for example, go 
to Abhishek from UK Europe perspective, some parts will come to you. 
Hiral Chandrana:  
That is correct Mohit and that's a very thing I just want to re-emphasize that's a very important 
part of the realignment because you know one of the first questions I think Geeta asked was 
about synergies and we believe truly that one plus one can become four and five and that's really 
the integrated go-to-market that Umang is talking about so it's not just about even adding it to 
one plus one, two or three. But we feel that there's an amplification that can happen. But that can 
happen only if we go at it from an account perspective right the customers the unit of truth and 
if we go to the account as one integrated one Mastek that changes the conversation and we've 
seen this live in many examples, whether it's UK or US, and Yash, his role is going to be critical, 
he's also going to be working closely with as part of Narasimha’s team to integrate the entire 
delivery of Oracle as well, because it's a very, very big and strategic part of our business even 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 45 of 52 
going forward and that's some best practices that we have, that have come from the Oracle 
Business that we feel can be institutionalized across Mastek. So making sure that we are 
combining the best of both worlds and delivering that to every geography for that matter, even 
Middle East, right, or, Europe be that. 
Mohit: 
And one for Maninder as well. So, are there any hiring targets that you guys are sharing for 
FY23? I also heard you people said 50% or more, hiring competent what you have done in FY 
22. But are there any absolute numbers that you guys are sharing from that perspective for FY 
23? 
Maninder Kapoor Puri:  
So, not really, but we will grow significantly because the fact is that growth is going to be our 
journey. So, we will need people. The reason I said 50% was more about our graduates, I think 
we'll have to focus towards interns, graduates, and that market. 
Mohit: 
What was the number last year for graduates? I think you're referring to fresh graduates. 
Maninder Kapoor Puri:  
I'm talking about fresh graduates. 
Mohit: 
What was the number? 
Maninder Kapoor Puri:  
We have about 600 plus people? So, we're talking about at least 900 to 1000. 
Mohit: 
Second was onsite/ offshore, like do you think delivery will continue to shift more offshore for 
you guys, or currently the level were in you want to stabilize that that is last one. 
Hiral Chandrana:  
Yes. So, I mean, I think different parts of our business have different nuances, as you know 
Mohit. There is a lot more acceptance from some of our larger customers to do, more offshore 
work, I think the pandemic last couple of years. While this created a lot of challenges. It also 
created an acceptance that a global delivery model works even in very strategic and secure areas. 
So, we do see a shift here. Having said that, I mean, some of the work that we do, whether it's in 
the digital engineering space, or the cloud transformation space, is very cutting edge, particularly 
when it comes to the design, the blueprinting some of the business analysis that we do and so 
there's going to be projects that will meet that high touch and Arun I don't know if you want to 
add, but in general, we feel that there is some more room when it comes to offshore ability, but 
we feel that get to the point which you're comfortable with maybe a few percentage points 
improvement in offshore mix, can still happen in the coming years. 
Arun Agarwal: 
So, Mohit precisely 75% currently is our headcount mix offshore, maybe 200 bps as we move 
between private sector and public sector and get more offshore opportunity. It may shift a little 
bit but broadly is going to be similar. 
Mohit: 
80-20 is not that you guys are looking at. 
Arun Agarwal:  
It's difficult to predict at the moment, but as it evolves, we can. 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 46 of 52 
Mohit: 
Alright, thank you sir. 
Himanshi Chatwani: 
Thank you. Before we take any more questions from our lovely audience here, we have our 
webcast participants who are here. So, under the media player, there is an audio question button 
and your questions are live, you can ask them to leaders here. So, I'm going to hand it over to 
the operator now and let's hear some questions from our webcast participants. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a question from the line of Vikas Kasturi from Focus Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Vikas Kasturi: 
So, first of all, congratulations on a fantastic year and thank you so much for this session. It 
really helps clarify your strategy. My first question is, please help me understand what is our 
right to win vis-a-vis the big IT services companies and what is our right to win vis-a-vis the 
other mid-tier IT companies. So, I'm just trying to sort of understand what is our differentiation 
that we bring to the table? So, that is my first question and my second question is, do we have 
the training infrastructure to train the new batch of say 1,000 odd freshers that you plan to hire 
next year? Thank you. 
Hiral Chandrana:  
So, why don't we start with the second one. Maninder if you want to take that and then I can. 
Some of us can talk about differentiation part of it. 
Maninder Kapoor Puri: 
So, like we work in a hybrid model, we do have a hybrid structure infrastructure already ready. 
As a matter of fact, we'd anticipated this growth into we didn't know about COVID of course, 
but something that we invested in 2018 was learn anytime, anywhere platforms, that has helped 
us greatly. I will just give you a little number, because you all love numbers. from last year to 
this year growth of learning platforms or learning has been at 93% at Mastek, and this is 
voluntary learning where Mastekeers have come up and asked for learning platforms, or we've 
created social sessions and codes to create upskilling and reskilling programs. So, yes, if you 
ask me, we absolutely geared as a matter of fact, the ask from the business Narasimha is right 
here, is to actually gear for far more than what the numbers we're sharing with you. 
Hiral Chandrana:  
So, maybe Abhishek and Umang both of you can start and I can add if needed, but sort of the 
leading comment, Mastek is unique in a way, our right to win actually is a little bit different in 
each market, in each area. So, we'll talk about those first, and then I can maybe wrap it up. 
Abhishek Singh: 
I'll go first and right to win, it's an interesting way of looking at it in public sector in UK, if you 
look at it, there's barely any service providers from offshore and that's because of the time the 
delivery credential the understanding of the landscape that we have created over 30 years, NHS 
has been, about 20 years of our working with them, indirectly and directly now, home office 
over the last six years from just bagging a project to now being the strategic supplier and being 
called a strategic supplier, working on highly sensitive areas, which includes intelligence sharing 
platform, it's called Five Eyes across UK, US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, to even being 
called upon where the large suppliers have bagged the contracts couple of years back and not 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 47 of 52 
able to really deliver to the scale, and us being invited over to accelerate that, that tells you the 
level of confidence that they have. So, what we have summed it up as Mastek has been there in 
UK building critical national infrastructure and decomplexing digital is also coming from a 
customer compliment that we have received, we hand it over to you and you simplify it and you 
deliver it every time. So, if the delivery credential is established over a protracted period of time, 
I think that that would be the public sector story. Just touching briefly on Oracle, having spent 
some time with Oracle satraps in the UK market where we are number one partner, the vertical 
capability, the vertical expertise that we have, where you would have hundreds of 
implementation experience across the sector, when you walk to a customer, you're not just 
implementing a platform or a back end software for them, you're also telling them this is what 
you would need, or this is what your problems would be, this is how you should go about it. So, 
suddenly, from being an SI, you're also an advisor, and they see the value in that. So, I'll 
eventually go back to it's the delivery capability. And last, but definitely not the least is the 
consulting practice that we have established over the last 12 to 15 months where you working 
with the CIO organization, its architecture as a service, design thinking capability. The whole of 
NHS success is based on the design thinking, enterprise architecting, solutioning then building 
and implementing, and now we are enhancing it into the managing and modernizing which is 
what you call as managed services. So, all of it that you have done, that gives customer a degree 
of comfort that you not only understand you're a trusted peer of time, hand and you have 
executed time and again. 
Umang Nahata: 
I think Abhishek has very rightly pointed out and if you just look at our last two years 
performance history, the two pillars standalone, which is the Evosys and the digital services 
business, both have done phenomenally well in their respective markets, which is in the UK 
public sector and you know, the Oracle Service line, be it on the ERP or the commerce side. So, 
within that respective spaces, we already had phenomenal differentiators which allowed us to be 
the leading partner or grow towards the leading partner space as far as those markets are 
concerned. Now while those two continue, we are creating a third line which is the integrated 
strength of the organization and creating those through the various parameters that me and 
Abhishek earlier pointed out be Glide 4.0, CES, the fully integrated CX solution etc. I think 
those are phenomenal differentiators. Those are areas where our entry door capability through 
the Oracle as well as the overall delivery capability through our digital services and then landing 
and expanding you know, through our account mining capabilities is going to give us the right 
to not just win but right to stay in the account and right to do much more than just you know 
winning new customers because we have been winning at a rate of what 30 to 40 customers 
every quarter consistently. So, I don't think there's a question of what is our right to win. We 
already had the right to win. Now we have to really figure out how we really expand much more 
and that's where the integrated capability is going to play amongst the various services that are 
set. So, that's where we are. 
Hiral Chandrana:  
Yes and I think both Abhishek and Umang covered it the right to land, I think is not an issue, 
the right to expand and grow is really the focus of the organization. And that's where you see the 
account mining focus. But I just sort of wanted tight together with our overall positioning. So, 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 48 of 52 
when Abhishek mentioned decomplexing digital, this is what customers told us and, and when 
we say trust, value, velocity, that trust has not come overnight, that trust has come from 15-20 
year old relationships, where we've continued to deliver business value and that goes to the value 
part. Most of our engagements have been cutting edge, most of our engagements have been 
solution led, including the Oracle implementations. But even in the digital engineering space, 
we're talking about aligning to the business processes and transforming those processes in 
different verticals. So, the business value addition, and we are small enough, where we can give 
the attention and the focus to some of the customers that we serve and we are large enough that 
can help scale to meet their business needs. You know, Raman who was leading the digital 
business in the US. If you rewind about 18 months back, we were working with only about 6  
fortune 1000 customers. Now we are working with 19, right These are fortune 1,000 customers 
that have trusted us to do at least work in a certain area or a couple of different areas. Now you 
tie that together with what Umang and Abhishek talked about the one integrated Mastek in the 
services portfolio. It lets us expand in those same customers and the new customers that we want 
to land, we want to start with an integrated approach. So, the large deals that we're starting to 
see the end to end, front to back office transformation that we're starting to participate in, can be 
replicated in multiple industries. So, I think there's a game plan and there is a journey that is 
plotted out, execution is going to be key. It's not going to be easy. There is going to be 
competition, but we feel that there's enough differentiation, combining the various pockets, the 
different markets and the different industries, which you know, allow us not just right to win, 
but right to grow as well. 
Vikas Kasturi: 
Thank you so much for those detailed answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Sahil Sharma as an investor, please go 
ahead. 
Sahil Sharma: 
Just a question on the acquisition, one of the concerns that investors generally have is that the 
base rate of success for acquisitions overall is a bit low around 30% and Sir mentioned having a 
rigorous process to evaluate acquisition candidates, can you appreciate any color on like how 
we aim to increase the probability of a successful acquisition and you know, one of the reasons 
for asking this is because Evosys has worked really well for us, but one of the previous 
acquisitions TAISTech had not worked very well. 
Hiral Chandrana:  
Sure. So, Sahil, it's a good question and there are various learnings that we have from M&A and 
M&A integration. The learnings are not just our learnings within Mastek, but learnings are 
collective learnings across the leadership teams and what we've seen in organizations, even 
before Mastek, so those collective learnings are being applied and, again Raman, who's leading 
that charter, along with his team is looking at a very detailed qualification process, which aligns 
to our capability gaps, our industry focus and our market focus. So, that said, the integration and 
the success of the acquisition boils down to three or four things and this is again, patterns that 
we've seen over you know, 10, 15, 20 years. One is the cultural fitment. In the end Maninder 
alluded in terms of people and culture, the cultural fitment of how the organizations come 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 49 of 52 
together every person has emotional attachments to the companies that they belong to. So, that 
angle is very critical and thinking about that way in advance is important. What we typically call 
synergies, which is, let's say there's an acquisition XYZ, the capabilities that brings to the table, 
taking those capabilities to Mastek accounts, is one part of the synergies. The second part of the 
synergies could be depending on the company, taking Mastek capabilities to their accounts. So, 
looking at it from both angles, on what the true potential is, in which industries in which accounts 
in which markets, and how those synergies will get realized, is another critical success factor. 
The third factor is about measuring and staying with that integration in a focused manner. 
Because there is an approach that you can take saying, hey, you know what, we've thought about 
the synergies and it will happen, but in reality, that's not the case, even with a very, very 
successful Evosys acquisition in terms of our combined growth, we would still all agree that 
there would be areas that we would do differently if we were to do it together and we're taking 
some of those learnings and applying it to our synergy plan and our integration plan, even before 
we make the decision on the acquisition. And last but not the least it is betting on certain 
platforms and certain areas, which are future proof. We're not trying to look at legacy companies 
who have had their run, we ourselves are doing majority of our business in digital and cloud 
services. So, the companies that we are looking at are future proof companies, which can give 
us the amplification for few more years to come, whether it's in the digital market or the cloud 
market and that is very critical. So, platforms like Salesforce platforms like Pega, platforms like 
Snowflake, are the areas that we're looking at whether it's Microsoft, Azure, and AWS, and these 
companies have legroom to grow and we are also looking at innovative partners beyond 
acquisitions. We might even make some investments in certain companies, which we may not 
want to acquire immediately. But over a period of time, we will jointly partner with them in the 
Go-to-market and with certain accounts, and then decide over a period of time whether to 
acquire. So, there's you know, these are some examples of the rigor that we are applying even 
before we make the acquisition. So, hopefully that answers Sahil. 
Abhishek Singh: 
So, the one critical factor that would make a difference is today we have done the homework, 
and we know how to grow those companies, we know which areas we want to get into. So, 
whether it is Salesforce or any of the areas hyperscalers that we have talked about, we're also 
talking about how we will work with you to grow. All the traditional areas that we talked about, 
there is a clear business plan of what you will bring in and how you will be will contribute to 
your growth, which gives the target organization a very clear view of stuff that they weren't able 
to do it on their own, or why they thought they had matured in their journey and how can 
someone who's acquiring would help them grow. That's that makes a huge difference with their 
decision making as well. 
Farid Kazani: 
First of all, congratulations on such a fantastic performance, I must really appreciate the hard 
work that you guys have done specially in a very competitive scenario. What I've seen is a 
fantastic quality of work that you guys have done to the great amount of client base that you 
guys have built, the consistency of the performance and the financial indicators that you have 
kind of delivered quarter-on-quarter, and the depth of the management team. So, really speaking, 
it's a very transformed Mastek that I'm seeing today. Okay, compared to where I was Mastek in 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 50 of 52 
around 6-7 years back. So, I have just a couple of questions, and I'll leave it to Hiral or anybody 
else to answer it. You're really dependent upon how you're pushing your sales guys to deliver 
for your organic growth. Let's leave aside the inorganic targets that you have, can you get a call 
it some kind of color on the quality of the pipeline that you have? I know you will not be able to 
give an exact number of what the pipeline stands, but can we get an understanding of how is that 
pipeline moved in percentage terms, growth compared to last year? What's the kind of breakup 
between your business from the existing client and new client? What we have seen in the past is 
that there is lumpiness in the order booking and order backlog and that comes from Abhishek 
going and closing a large elephant deal at points of time. But can you tell us what's the kind of 
base of new clients that you're building and how are your sales guys targeting to do that? And in 
the marketplace, when you have a win loss, what would be the reason that you would lose a deal 
because I'm assuming that you've now got a complete suite of solutions, you're competitive in 
terms of pricing, then what is the key reason that you would lose a deal? Okay. So, that's one 
part of my question. My second part is to Umang and Umang I think you did a fantastic deal 
with Mastek, with cash and stock option and I'm sure you're happy where you are today. We are 
all. So, my question to you is, how do you look at your stake from having now done the earnouts? 
How do you look at your stake as remaining a long-term investing in the company or your 
expectations to kind of monetize that because you want to move on to something else? So, what's 
the kind of plan and thoughts you have especially? 
Umang Nahata: 
So, I think, Farid the transaction the way it was built, day one, was with a long term interest, you 
don't build a transaction, where you have a substantial portion of the value sitting in stock unless 
you have a long term interest in the organization and I think that's been our thought, even from 
any transaction happened, it has become even more strong as the cultural people integration the 
ease in which we're working these days, we're seeing growth together, so it has grown even 
stronger. So, our interest was always to look at be a part of owning the company, putting the 
skin in the game and then growing and reaping the benefits if it works out, or taking the beating 
if it doesn't work out. So, that I think was always the intent and that continues to be the intent 
from where we are looking at it and even more now, since we are running an integrated Mastek, 
like I said, some portion of the earn-out is over. We are now, looking at this in terms of a fully 
integrated, right from sales to delivery to operations were already integrated. So, I think, clearly, 
it is much more actively ingrained in terms of what we're trying to do and trying to build for a 
larger, stronger Mastek is what we are now looking forward to. So, first of all, thank you to all 
the investors, to all the shareholders and my fellow Mastekeers for the success that we've all had, 
we definitely had a good run and a successful M&A. But that's definitely the beginning of the 
journey. I think there's way-way more that we could all do and this is just the start, I'm sure, with 
the North America, and AMEA as one region, but closely working with Abhishek, Hiral, Arun, 
Maninder everyone to see how we can really turn this around. Like I said, you're still a 40-year-
old startup, which means there is a significant headroom that we have to achieve. So, that's what 
I'm looking forward to. 
Hiral Chandrana:  
And just maybe a couple of things here, while you know, we have great respect for Umang, 
Rakesh and Yash. But there's a super talented team that came with the acquisition Farid, as you 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 51 of 52 
know, and part of the integration is integrating the entire family together and we started this a 
few months back where the leader who managed the global workforce in recruiting in Evosys 
took a role in the broader Mastek organization to run global workforce management across the 
globe for Mastek and since then, we've got multiple people, some have moved from Mumbai to 
Ahmedabad. Some have moved from Ahmedabad to the US or UK, some have moved from 
Middle East to US and these are role changes of people who want to do more,right? While they 
came, some of them came from an Oracle background. Many of them came from a background 
which is much more diverse and they are now seeing an opportunity from a career perspective 
and from a growth perspective. So, it's about looking at the path of the entire organization and 
that's really what's exciting. I will try and make my answer to the first question that you had 
quick because officially we're out of time, but happy to chat. It's maybe coincidental but you 
know last question is from Ex-Mastekeer here and, as you know, Maninder always reminds us 
once a Mastekeer, always a Mastekeer. The journey that we're on, I think the sales in our field 
team. While that is a critical part of our success and pipeline, and some of these numbers are 
important, but I don't want to underestimate the impact that our delivery organization makes, 
each person who's involved in the account actually contributes to that growth. Now, having said 
that, the industry norm for pipeline is roughly about 3x and when I say 3x , 3x, multiples of our 
revenue, right. We are operating at about a 3.5x give or take. The interesting part there in that 
pipeline is that we're starting to see a lot more longer-term deals, a lot more annuity deals, 
multiyear deals and we hope that that pipeline continues to grow. As we get into more 
competitive situations, there will be some challenges in terms of win ratios, but we've been able 
to maintain that fairly healthy 35% to 40%, which means that where we compete, and where we 
are good at, it's not very easy to beat us, right, we may not be doing too many different things. 
But where we are, right, we're doing it really well. So, that combination of focus, and pipeline 
build combined with our strong win ratio and differentiation that you heard in the last couple of 
hours, I think gives us some confidence going forward as well because as we look at building 
the organization to the next pivot, in this journey, for the next three-four years, we feel there's 
multiple areas and some of the lessons and the learnings from our wins as well as losses, right 
can play into how we can get a better traction, both in terms of pipeline, as well as winning with 
our customers. So, I'll leave it at that and once again, I want to thank each and every one of you 
for not just coming here listening patiently, but also for your very insightful questions. Raman 
when you stepped out, I answered the question on your behalf. So, we will let you know what 
the answer was because there's some very pointed questions on M&A. But on a lighter note, 
there is obviously, there's dinner and I'm sure you're going to make some announcements. But I 
do want to remind there's some solution demos that you'll see in the screens as well. So, happy 
to chat over the course of the next hour or so and the leadership team and the other ELT members 
are here as well. So, thank you once again, and appreciate all your support. 
Himanshi Chatwani:  
Ladies and gentlemen, before you leave, may I please request you put your hands together for 
our leadership team. Thank you so much. And ladies and gentlemen, I think you have to keep 
continuing the applause for all of you for being a lovely audience. Thank you so much for taking 
the time out and joining us here today at the Investor Day 2022. On behalf of mastic, please join 
us for networking and dinner. If you do have any questions that have been unanswered, please 

 
Mastek Limited 
April 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 52 of 52 
do connect with the team offline and there are a few videos that would require attention you can 
watch them here or you can watch them outside as you enjoy some dinner. Have a fantastic 
evening ahead. Thank you once again for joining us here. 
Hiral Chandrana:  
Hello, I just want to make sure that you know an event like this does not happen you know that 
easily. We will try to do this once a year at least, but there's a lot of people who worked extremely 
hard to make this event happen and I want to thank all of them as well for taking you know 
spending the time and really making this a very successful Investor day. A big hand for all of 
you as well. 
