L&T Technology Services 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: L&T House, N. M. Marg, Ballard Estate, Mumbai - 400 001. INDIA, Tel: +91 22 6752 5656 Fax: +91 22 6752 5893 
CIN : L72900MH2012PLC232169 
 
L&T Technology Services is a subsidiary of Larsen & Toubro Limited 
 
L&T Technology Services Limited 
A.M. Naik Tower,6th Floor, L&T Campus, 
Gate No.3, Jogeshwari-Vikhroli Link Road, 
Powai, Mumbai-400072. 
www.ltts.com 
 
 
                       
 
    April 26, 2022 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex   
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051. 
NSE Symbol: LTTS 
 
                   The BSE Limited                    
                   Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
                   Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
                   BSE Script Code: 540115 
 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for L&T Technology Services Limited (LTTS) 
for quarter and year ended March 31,2022 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Please find attached the transcript of Earnings Conference Call organized by the Company on 
April 21,2022 for the quarter and year ended March 31,2022 for your information and 
records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For L&T Technology Services Limited 
 
Prajakta Powle 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(M. No. A 20135) 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 

18 LT Technology Services 
 
 
 
L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
April 21, 2022, 18:00hrs IST 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AMIT CHADHA – CEO, 
MR. ABHISHEK – COO, 
MR. RAJEEV GUPTA – CFO, 
MR. PINKU PAPPAN – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call
 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Disclaimer: Certain statements in this release concerning our future growth prospects are forward-looking 
statements, which involve number of risks, and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially 
from those in such forward-looking statements. L&T Technology Services Limited (LTTS) does not undertake to 
update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by us or on our behalf. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentleman, good day and welcome to the L&T Technology Services Ltd. Q4 FY22 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then 
“0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Pinku Pappan, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you and over to you. 
Pinku Pappan: 
Thank you, Stanford. Hello everyone, and welcome to the fourth quarter FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call of LTTS. I am Pinku, heading Investor Relations. Our Financial Results, 
Investor Release, and Press Release have been filed with the Stock Exchanges and are available 
for your review. I hope you’ve had a chance to go through them. 
This call is for 60 minutes. We will try to wrap the Management remarks in 20 minutes and then 
open up for Q&A. The audio recording of this call will be available on our website 
approximately one hour after this call ends. 
Let me now introduce the leadership team available on this call. We have Amit Chadha – CEO, 
Abhishek – COO, and Rajeev Gupta, CFO. We will begin with Amit providing an overview of 
the Company performance and outlook, followed by Rajeev who will walk you through the 
financial statements and performance. 
Let me now hand over the call to Amit.  
Amit Chadha: 
Thank you, Pinku, and thank you all for joining us on the call today. I hope all of you are keeping 
healthy and safe. 
With that, let me start with the key highlights of our Q4 performance: 
In USD terms, we had a sequential revenue growth of 3.6% in constant currency with 
Transportation and Plant Engineering leading the growth. We sustained the EBIT margins at 
18.6% with operating margin efficiencies. 
Our large deal engine continues to fire with a 100M+ win in this quarter. Our total deal TCV 
win in Q4 was the highest ever, as well as in the FY. 
As we wrap up the financial year, let me outline the highlights of our performance vis-a-vis our 
stated six dimensional strategy: 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call
 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Growth: As you have seen from the results, we’ve met our guidance and we are happy to have 
achieved the 20% growth mark in constant currency dollar terms. More importantly, the growth 
was broad-based with all segments growing in double digits. 
Technology Quotient: We had more than thrice the number of own patent filing in FY22 at 98 
versus 28 in the previous year. This is a sign of the growing number of innovation and solution 
building programs that our engineers are working on and the results of our investments into labs 
and new-age technologies. This is also showing up in our digital engineering revenues, which 
were 57% in Q4 versus 56% in Q3. 
Customer Centricity: Our client focus and proactive investments have helped us make progress 
across our six bets. We are participating in strategic transformational programs with our 
customers, leading to bigger scale and market share. The USD 100M deal with Jaunt is a good 
example of this and I will talk about this in detail shortly. 
People Engagement: We started many new programs during the year to drive greater employee 
inclusion - in the areas of career progression and development and fraternity building. Over the 
last 3 quarters, employees across the Company went through an extensive exercise to refresh, 
revisit, and define our vision, mission, and values in line with our long-term aspirations. I urge 
you to visit our website and take a look at it. We are very passionate about this particular area. 
Operating Model: We improved EBIT margins by nearly 400bps in FY22 through operating 
efficiencies and better quality of revenue led by digital. This resulted in an overall 44% increase 
in PAT to Rs. 957 crores for FY22. 
ESG: We launched our first sustainability report in March and unveiled our ambition to be 
carbon and water neutral by 2030. Additionally, we look at Sustainability in a very holistic 
manner, and this means we are also working with our customers to build innovative digital 
solutions that will accelerate their transformation to net zero. 
Let me now provide our segmental performance and outlook: 
Starting with Transportation – we had a strong quarter with sequential growth of 7.8% with all 
three sub-segments, Auto, Trucks Off-Highway, and Aero firing well.  
Our EACV big bet is playing out well with two large deal wins in Q4. The first one was the 
100M+ deal with Jaunt - where we will be their strategic engineering partner to build an all-
electric vertical takeoff and landing aircraft. As part of this deal, along with our centre in 
Chennai, we will be setting up an engineering R&D center in Canada to provide end-to-end 
engineering support, which will involve multiple areas like flight control systems, battery 
management, power electronics, cockpit display system, etc. This deal is an example of how we 
have taken our EACV strength in Auto and Trucks & Off-Highway to the Aero segment. We 
believe our Aero segment will be powered by the same trends towards alternative energy, 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call
 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
electrification, hybridization, which are seeing massive spending today. I'm also happy to note 
that we’ve won back-to-back - a second 100M deal between FY21 and FY22, as you will recall.  
We’ve further won a USD 25M deal with a new-age company focused on autonomous and self-
driving cars. Here, LTTS will be the exclusive engineering partner to design the autonomous & 
connected car platform. 
We are increasing our traction with traditional OEM’s and Tier-1s as well, as these customers 
pivot towards autonomous and electrification and kick off various programs. We recently got 
empaneled with a U.S. based Auto major to work on both advance and conventional areas and 
expect this to ramp up quickly. 
Overall, we’re extremely pleased with our performance in Transportation. It is now a USD 
300M+ segment on an annualized run rate basis, and in FY22 delivered industry-leading growth 
of 23% and nearly 19% EBITDA margins. We see a good pipeline of deals in electrification, 
connectivity, autonomous especially on the software side, and we remain bullish on the outlook 
in Transportation. 
Moving on to Plant Engineering – we had a good quarter with 3% sequential growth, which 
was broad-based across FMCG, O&G, and Chemicals. A common trend across the 3 segments 
is the investments being made by the companies towards capacity expansion and plant 
modernization as people look to do alternative sourcing, etc. As a result, we are seeing good 
demand for EPCM services, digital asset management and automation. As an example, for a US 
based food company, we are providing engineering support for their greenfield plant expansion 
happening across US and Europe. 
On the Sustainability front, we’re seeing growing traction in projects related to carbon capture 
and waste-water treatment. Summing up, we remain positive on the outlook for Plant 
Engineering and expect steady growth to continue. 
For Industrial Products – while we saw demand across our customer base, the supply chain 
disruption and commodity price inflation faced by a few of our top customers had an impact on 
our overall growth in this segment. We do expect this to be temporary as, global companies in 
the industrial sector are spending more on New Product Introductions. This along with rising 
product digitalization - digital products backed by digital manufacturing, is giving us growth 
opportunities in the software and platform development side. 
In addition, our expertise in circumventing supply chain challenges through component re-
engineering and semi-conductor repurposing, including FPGA, is being leveraged by customers. 
As an example, in one of the large deals we won with a US customer, we are working closely 
with their Tier-1 and Tier-2 suppliers to identify and resolve supply chain bottlenecks. We also 
established a Digital Twin Center of Excellence (CoE) in partnership with Microsoft and Bentley 
recently, that will address and accelerate Digital Twin and Digital Thread requirements of new-
age manufacturing companies.  

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call
 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
For the year, Industrial Products had an impressive 21% growth, which is a faster pace versus 
the past years. The pipeline addition continues to be healthy, and we expect growth to be strong 
in the current fiscal too.  
Moving on to Telecom and Hitech – as we evolve with newer technology, we have launched a 
new Business Unit for Metaverse, and believe that this will help us with both growth and 
profitability, in the medium-term.  
In Q4, in spite of the decision that we made on not renewing a legacy program in the interest of 
better profitability for the segment, we grew by 1% sequentially.  
We are seeing good demand across all key segments - Semcon, Telecom, and Hitech. The 5G 
labs that we setup for ORAN, private network design and device engineering are paving the way 
for deeper conversations with a few large Telecom Service providers and Hitech customers. We 
will be shortly launching a 5G lab at couple of our global R&D centers too. Our play in 5G is to 
leverage the expertise across the spectrum. For example, in Metaverse, we will be combining 
our 5G, consumer electronics, product and software engineering to build out solutions in the 
virtual/augmented domain.  
The empanelment that we had signed in the previous quarter with one of the world's largest 
technology companies, has opened up multiple new opportunities, and we are expecting a good 
scale-up in the coming quarters. We see a gradual improvement in the pace of sequential growth 
at Telecom & Hitech as some of the recently signed engagements start ramping up in full effect 
and as our portfolio shifts towards more advanced technology areas like 5G and AI. 
Lastly, Medical – We are seeing a gradual increase in the pipeline led by opportunities in 
software and digital platform where customers are investing. In Q4, we won a few Remediation 
projects where we will be helping companies streamline Quality management systems across 
product families and in component reengineering. We are also expanding in Software-as-a-
Medical-Device (SAMD) space and assisting med-tech companies in clearing FDA compliance.  
Last quarter, I talked about a sepsis detection device that we developed based on a Micro Fluidics 
Infection Management Platform. Happy to share that this has won the BIG innovation award for 
the Most Innovative Product of the Year, in the US.  
Overall, we expect pickup in the growth pace in Medical and definitely expect a better 
performance in FY23.  
Let me move on to Outlook – Over the past year, I had an opportunity to meet face-to-face with 
multiple customers across Europe and US. The world has opened up, clients have started meeting 
in their offices. Our customers are looking at us as partners for their strategic product roadmap 
and I believe our investments and solutions being developed in the six bets are in alignment with 
their needs.  

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call
 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
The Large deals traction and pipeline continues to scale up well across US, Europe, and Japan. 
Our pipeline is higher than previous years, and we expect this momentum of the deal closures to 
continue. 
On the supply side – we have ramped up our fresher hiring and the training in new technologies 
with almost 18,000 employees having gone through our Global Engineering Academy (GEA), 
training and reskilling in FY22. In FY22 we hired about 3,000 freshers, and our GEA faculty, 
led by our head of Global Engineering Academy and our COO, plus the infrastructure that we 
have developed to hire and train, believe that this will help us to get better scale and pyramid in 
the current fiscal and beyond.  
As we look at FY23, the two areas that we will keep focusing on and keep a close watch on, will 
be how global growth will be impacted in the backdrop of high inflation and supply chain 
disruption, and secondly attrition, which we believe will continue to be elevated in the short 
term.  
I am fortunate to be leading a very engaged work force of 20,000 plus people – engineers and 
technologists who are excited about the possibilities at LTTS. I am thankful to my leadership 
team, the entire extended leadership team, and the employees at LTTS for their commitment, 
their passion, and look forward to reaching many new milestones. Our Mantra of Profitable, 
Sustainable, and Inclusive Growth across our six dimensions continues to be our guiding path.  
We reaffirm our earlier guidance of reaching a USD 1Bn run rate by Q2/Q3 of FY23. Also, for 
FY23, we are guiding for an organic dollar revenue growth of 13.5-15.5%. With that, wish you 
good health. I’m around for questions. I thank you, and I hand over now to Rajeev. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thank you, Amit. Good evening to all, and hope you all are doing well.  
Glad to share our FY22 performance - it has been a year of consistent performance through the 
quarter and strong results across parameters - broad-based revenue growth, good improvement 
on EBIT and PAT margin, healthy cash flows and a high Return on Equity. With that, let me 
walk you through the details of our Q4 FY22 and full year financials starting with the P&L.  
Our revenue for the quarter was Rs. 1,756 crores, a growth of 4.1% on sequential basis. Our 
double-digit YoY growth trajectory continues with Q4 revenues up 22% on YoY basis. We 
delivered EBIT margin at 18.6% - flat compared to Q3. During the quarter, we had headwinds 
from Utilization and revenue mix changes, which were offset by operational efficiency gains, 
economies of scale and currency depreciation.  
Moving to below EBIT, Other Income at Rs. 31 crores, slightly higher on sequential basis due 
to higher forex gains.  
Effective Tax Rate (ETR) for Q4 was 26.7% and for FY22, it was 26.6% which came in line 
with our expectation of between 26.5% to 27%.  

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call
 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Net Income for the quarter stood at Rs. 262 crores, which is 14.9% of revenue, up 5.3% on a 
sequential basis, driven primarily by higher Revenues.  
For the year FY22, our revenue was at Rs. 6,570 crores, a growth of 21% over FY21. EBIT 
margin at an all-time high of 18.3%, an improvement of 380bps over FY21. Net income for 
FY22 at Rs. 957 crores is up by 44%, primarily from higher Revenues and Operating Margins.  
Now, moving to the Balance Sheet, let me highlight the key line items. DSO was at 87 days end 
of Q4 compared to 84 days at end of Q3, while unbilled days decreased to 15 days in Q4, which 
is a six-day improvement over Q3. The combined DSO including unbilled, stood at 102 days, 
which is slightly above our target range of less than 95 days, and we continue to work upon 
improving this. 
Let me talk about Cashflow - In FY22, Free Cash Flow was Rs. 851 crores, a healthy 89% of 
Net Income.  Our cash and Investments rose to Rs. 2,152 crores by end of Q4 FY22.  
On capital return: The Board today recommended a Final Dividend of Rs. 15 per share, taking 
the total dividend of FY22 to Rs. 35/share. This translates to a dividend payout ratio of 39% for 
FY22. Our Return on Equity stands at 25% for FY22 versus 21% last year, higher on account of 
increase in net profit to Rs. 957 crores in FY22 versus Rs. 663 crores in FY21. 
Moving to revenue metrics: On a sequential basis, $ revenue growth was 3.1% in reported terms 
and 3.6% on constant currency basis, primarily led by Transportation and Plant Engineering 
segments. The segmental margin performance was better in 3 out of 5 segments on a sequential 
basis.  
In respect of operational metrics: Utilization was at 75.1% in Q4, on account of the full quarter 
impact of the strong hiring done in Q3. Going forward, we expect this to gradually move up to 
78% levels. The Onsite:Offshore mix has shifted towards onsite due to the initial ramp up of 
new deal wins and sale of solutions. Offshore percentage now stands at 54.6%, however, we 
expect this to be in the line of 57% range going forward. T&M revenue mix increased to 71.4% 
in Q4 and is likely to maintain at these levels.  
Client profile - which indicates number of Million dollar plus accounts - has shown a sequential 
improvement in the 5M+ and 1M+ categories. The client profile numbers have seen an 
improvement over the past few quarters, this trend will continue in the coming quarters.  
Client contribution to revenue, - All 3 categories, Top 5, Top 10 and Top 20, continues to be 
broadly in the same range as Q3. 
Headcount increased sequentially by 743 employees, while Attrition moved up to 20.4%. We 
believe the attrition trend will likely stay higher in the short term while we continue on various 
employment engagement measures to contain attrition. Our Realized Rupee for Q4 was around 
75.7 to the U.S. dollar, a depreciation of 1% versus Q3.  

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call
 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Before I conclude, let me give some visibility on the EBIT margin trajectory going forward: A 
key part of our six-dimensional strategy is to build a sustainable operating model. We have seen 
good results in FY22 and our aspiration is to maintain EBIT margin at 18% plus levels. The 
headwinds in the coming fiscal will be intermittent wage hikes in a high attrition environment, 
a likely increase in travel and administrative expenses. As part of our strategy, we will continue 
to make organic and inorganic investments to enhance capabilities and also to enable growth. 
We will look to offset these headwinds with growth, better quality of revenues and operational 
efficiency gains. 
With that, I conclude. Moderator, now we can take the questions please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Mukul Garg: 
Thank you for taking my question. Amit, I think good show on winning another $100 million 
deal this quarter. I just wanted to dig a bit deeper into your FY23 guidance of 13.5-15.5%. If 
you look at the kind of deal flows you guys have been doing, as well as the growth which you 
have been delivering, it seems a little bit subpar. If we also look at your long-term guidance 
around 19-20% range, this looks like quite below that. So, if you can just help with the pulls and 
pushes of the revenue growth over FY23, the impact of macro and does this imply that your 
long-term growth will be more back-ended?  
Amit Chadha: 
Mukul, thank you so much for that. I take you back about 12 months when we had started with 
a guidance of 13 to 15 last year as well. Mukul, there’s a mantra that we're using outside of 
Profitable, Sustainable, Inclusive growth and it’s very simple - commit what you can deliver and 
deliver what you just committed, probably do more. So, we are confident of 13.5% to 15.5% at 
this stage in spite of what we're seeing coming out on a macro scale, as well as what you have 
been hearing about inflation, recession, etc. So, we are comfortable with that range right now. 
As things change, we’ll let you know. Number 2 is that we do see deal velocity has picked up 
for us through the year, and like I mentioned, our pipeline is at an all-time high. Deal closures 
are there as well, but as you are aware, Mukul, there are variables that are there. So, we do expect 
broad-based growth across from here on, like I’ve said, but we will continue to stay engaged, 
continue to try and do the best we can and take things forward. 
Mukul Garg: 
So, Amit, sorry to push back a bit on this. I do understand and appreciate the conservativeness 
which you are putting in numbers, but it would be great help if you can just kind of give some 
colour from different verticals perspective because over last two quarters, you have won 2 - 
$100M+ deals, and your vertical commentary continues to remain very-very good, but if you 
look at the lower end of the guidance, it does imply a very-very tepid kind of a performance 
throughout FY23. While it’s fine to be conservative, is this something, which you feel that is a 
realistic number right now? 
Amit Chadha: 
It’s okay to push back. There’s no problem. We’re having a conversation here. So, Mukul, if I 
look at Transportation, I do see the EACV segment as being a tailwind. I see the differentiators 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call
 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
we’ve created, the labs we’ve created, the traction we’ve got, the excellent client relationships 
we’ve got across U.S. and Europe plus the empanelments we’ve done, etc. Continue to be bullish 
on this segment in terms of growth as we move forward, and that’s in each sub-segment, it’s 
Auto, Trucks & Off Highway, Aero. In the area of Plant Engineering, again, I know the market 
has changed in terms of people wanting smaller plants, local plants alternative from just-in-time, 
they’ve gone to just-in-case. So, I do expect Plant Engineering also to continue to deliver healthy 
growth on an ongoing basis, don't see a problem in spite of the war, etc. Now, in the Hitech 
segment, Semcon will grow, but again you are aware this is the most competitive segment, red 
ocean if I may, for the engineering world. We are establishing Metaverse as a vertical to get out 
of this red ocean part and get to a blue ocean part. It will take some time. So, therefore, we’re a 
little watchful there. Though I’ve said that there are deals, there are closures, etc., it will take a 
little bit time there. In terms of Industrial Products, last two quarters or last quarter, we’ve been 
tepid, and the broad reason is not that we don't have deals or we don't have people or we don't 
have client relationships. It’s a function of our discrete manufacturing clients facing various 
headwinds in their businesses because of supply chain. Now, I do believe short term they will 
overcome it, but will they come back to a great extent, etc., to be seen. Finally, Medical, we’ve 
again made investments. In fact, I would rate my own solutions in Medical to be at par with 
EACV, which has grown the fastest, but there are certain challenges because Medical segment 
by nature is a little more conservative. So, I am bullish about my own prospects, if I may, and 
our own capabilities, our technologies, our engineers, but at the same time, I am mindful of the 
fact that we have a full year to go by. I assure you, Mukul, that as we go through the year and 
when I come back and talk to you again at the end of Quarter 1, I will provide whatever updates 
I can as I've done in FY22. Rest assured, we are baking a lot of this plus and minus to provide 
you what we’ve provided. Of course, like I always say, internal aspirations and targets are higher. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vibhor Singhal from Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Good evening, sir. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on great execution once again. 
Just one question, I wanted to get your idea on how we are looking at the business in terms of 
the commodity price hike and the growing inflation. If I see, most of our business is basically 
pertaining to the manufacturing industry. You mentioned in your comments about Industrial 
Products that that segment is facing those headwinds. I think at some point of time, the 
Transportation vertical and Plant engineering vertical too will probably start seeing the heat as 
well. So, in terms of your conversation with the clients, has anything started on that front that 
may be the clients are expecting some kind of headwinds because the primary concern in the 
industry today is not what clients are looking at today, but that inflation today could lead to 
lower capital tomorrow, which could lead to lower IT spend day after tomorrow. So, anything 
on that front that you are getting from the client in terms of your conversation, it would be really 
helpful. 
Amit Chadha: 
Sure. So, if I may share with you, recently in Europe, 3 countries, 5 days, 18 meetings, similar 
stuff happening in the U.S. In fact, our CBO is there, continues to travel. In fact, there are 
meetings happening every day now, people are meeting. Number 1, what we are hearing is 
people talk about the invasion of Ukraine, but they are yet figuring out the impact. In fact, one 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call
 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
client told me that I actually boarded up my factory in western Ukraine and I continue to work. 
People go in the morning, come back in the night, and they have put blackout windows and they 
continue to work inside the factory. I was surprised, but they do that. Another customer told me 
that he has actually sent out food, cots, medicine to his employees in China where they are in 
the office for the last five days and will remain there for another two weeks, and for their 
families, they have been providing food, vegetables, etc. because he has to do it for his 
employees. So, you think about the extent to what people are doing to continue to stay normal. 
This is the new normal, unfortunately. So, what we’re hearing is, one is invasion of Ukraine, but 
people are not sure where it will go. Second, we are hearing people talk about inflation and 
believe me some of these guys… I was with a COO two weeks ago of a 15 billion revenue 
company. Gentleman was sharing with me. He said “I've already taken cost actions to help me 
with some of the commodity pricing increase I’m seeing,”. So, there are three things that are 
coming out with all this. One, clients continue to turn towards digital to take care of absenteeism 
at factory and workplaces, as well as for the reliability of operations and predictability of 
operations and people are engaging us in that. Second, people continue to look for alternative 
sourcing, alternative material, alternative components to make sure that they are able to continue 
to deliver. Third, we are seeing that there is a workforce gap that is there between demand and 
supply at this stage. So, they continue to look at companies like ourselves to provide them with 
that extra talent and burst of projects to be able to take things forward. So, if I was to look at, 
and I said this while I was talking to Mukul, but EACV is a tailwind right now. I do see this 
carrying on for the next three years for sure. Our digital products, digital manufacturing, both of 
these have not paid out yet. I do believe that it will continue on. Medtech is starting off, and you 
can see peer results, others, Medtech will grow, but it will take some time to pickup speed. 
Sustainability, people are talking about alternative material, alternative sourcing, zero liquid 
discharge, carbon neutrality, energy storage, etc., but again this will take a little bit more time to 
come up. So, I do believe that some of these are right now peaking or are at high and will 
continue for the next two years. There are others that will pick up. So, from a demand standpoint, 
I do feel fairly optimistic. I have not heard of any reversals or anything, knock on wood, at this 
stage.  
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. Just my last question is on basically the salary hike and the margins front. So, if you could 
just share plans as to when do we intend to give salary hike in this financial year? What is 
expected to be the quantum and is the onsite salary hike as again we have seen across the broad, 
is it expected to be higher than earlier years because of the higher inflation in the US and the 
European countries? 
Amit Chadha: 
Let me take a part of the question and then I will handover to our CFO Rajeev to answer the 
other part. One, I want to tell you that we did do some positive corrections because somebody 
told me when we say correction, they may think of negative. Negative doesn't work in our 
industry, it’s only positive. So, we did positive corrections in January for critical talent in the 
Company because that was required and the margins that you see are after that correction. 
Number 2, our regular hike cycle, increment cycle, is July. We are right now in the middle of 
working out all those details and taking that forward, but we will make sure we are looking at 
ring fencing talent, we're looking at various options and various ways to do it and we will 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call
 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
continue to do that because finally we have to look at a sustainable ongoing growth enterprise 
rather than worry about really just a short-term. With that said, Rajeev, you want to add this 
please. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
I think you also talked about the margins part and I think as most of you would have seen, we 
have improved on the EBIT margins over the last five quarters and in quarter 4, we have held at 
the same level as quarter 3. Now, like I said in my opening commentary, we will have headwinds 
and tailwinds to manage. The tailwinds will continue to be growth and quality of revenues. 
Second, if you look at some of the operational metrics, we did hire close to about 3,000 freshers 
during the year. You have seen that utilization has come down in Q4. We believe many of these 
freshers will become billable as we enter into FY23. Operational efficiencies, I think, we talked 
about sustainable operating model. A large part of FY22 really has been about building fresher 
talent and improving on the pyramid. Our C&B cost as a percentage of revenue has indeed come 
down. So, we feel that is going to be another lever that should play in our favor. So, these are 
some of the tailwinds. While I talk about the tailwinds, of course, I should also talk about the 
headwinds. So, we believe that you will see savings that we had in FY21 and FY22 with COVID 
almost settling down now, travel will start. It’s almost begun to show up as Amit talked about. 
Most of our sales folks are travelling, meeting clients. So, we expect that it will almost normalize 
in FY23. Attrition and intermittent wage hikes that will be another headwind that we will have 
to manage and last but not the least, we will continue to invest both in organic and inorganic 
growth, but all in all, our aspirations will be to maintain at 18% plus margin levels going forward 
in FY23 as well.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please go ahead.  
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. First, on the large deal, is it possible to give the rough 
tenure for these deals and second is the number of large deals seems to be accelerating and you 
also mentioned that the pipeline also looks very strong. So, just wanted your sense. If you just 
compare may be the last many-many years, I think last year and this year, the last two years you 
have actually seen a lot more large deals and your commentary suggests that it’s picking up, so 
from a growth perspective fundamentally, if we think longer-term, does this add a lot more 
predictability for you when you think about it, just wanted your thoughts on both these please. 
Amit Chadha: 
Number 1, on the large deal, this is USD 100M+ deal, as we have explained and in fact the press 
release has details on it, USD 120M+ that’s there and generally these aircraft design cycles are 
across 6 to 8 years and that’s the period that this deal will run through starting up sometime in 
Q2, as we start. So, that is number 1. Now, in terms of traction, there are three things that we 
have fundamentally tried to change here. Number 1 is that, as we look at solutioning, we actually 
step back always and see what are the white spaces that we should be investing in and spending 
time on. For example, if I look at the EACV space, we worked on developing in-house EV 
components. We also worked on creating our own integrated e-axle solutions. If I look at medical 
technologies, we worked on creating a cuffless non-invasive BP algorithm. We created our own 
chest rAI. I can go on and on, but broadly what I am trying to explain is that we look at the white 
spaces, we look at the technology, we do a buildup. What that does is that rather than being 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call
 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
known as a commodity supplier, we end up trying to gain mindshare before we gain market 
share, and once you've gained mindshare, then market share becomes a byproduct of that. In 
addition to that, while we do that with our CTO team and our practice teams that we are doing, 
our CSO/CBOs have actually got a large deals engine full-time focused, which has got finance 
participation, delivery participation, etc., it’s a cross-functional team working 18/7 globally to 
continue to seed new ideas, create new ones, answer, etc. So, knock on wood, I do have 
confidence that the momentum is there, and like I said again, blessed to have a team that 
continues to think every day on newer ideas, newer things on how we can add value to customers. 
How do you unlock because once you unlock value for customers, what we get is a byproduct 
of that. So, with that said, I do believe that the momentum will continue. One thing I will tell 
you that we learnt last time and I was sharing with some of you that we now realize that USD 
9.5 million deal should not be done, it should be a USD 10 million deal. A USD 20 million deal 
should not be done, we should aspire for USD 25 million. So that whole feeling in the Company 
is to do bigger, better, more and we’ll continue to strive towards that. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
So, just as a follow up, are you suggesting that this is something that’s more LTTS driven, 
focused in terms of the large deal engine or is it that the market itself has more large deals by 
nature or is it both? 
Amit Chadha: 
My first answer is, it’s only us and nobody can do it, but here is where we are. I do believe that 
deals are being done across the board. The engineering segment itself is seeing more mature 
traction. I, however, do believe the differentiator LTTS brings is the CrossPollinnovation that 
we talk about and the proactive nature of trying to bake proactive ideas. So, that I believe is a 
differentiator, but I do think the engineering industry overall stands to benefit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Salil Desai from Marcellus Investment Managers. Please 
go ahead. 
Salil Desai: 
Sir on the DSO days, when you look back at the year and the target versus what the actual 
numbers are, what are the specific areas where the mix happened and how will that change in 
the next one year for you to go back to the target. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Let me take this one. So, clearly if you look at DSO, our focus is that we should be in the 95 day 
range, both for billed and unbilled. As I mentioned in my opening commentary, we have come 
down in terms of unbilled DSO to 15 days compared to where it was 21 days in previous quarter. 
So, that's an additional six days, what eventually it does is, it adds to the DSO billed. Having 
said that, yes at about 102, we continue to work upon it, but despite the fact that DSO is where 
it is, our free cash flows are at 89-90% of PAT. So, it has clearly been an area of focus we want 
to ensure the free cash flows continue to improve. It also helps us to build the war chest for 
inorganic growth in future, but having said that Salil, our focus continues to be to improve DSO 
and you will see that over the coming quarters, we will bring more stability in the DSO. 
Salil Desai: 
Sir, the miss last year, was it something specific, some events, some particular clients, which 
give you confidence that things will not recur next year for you to achieve the target? Was there 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call
 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
any specific areas where you think things will improve this year for you to achieve the target or 
was there something one off? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
We did talk about in our commentary back in quarter 1 and also followed through in quarter 2. 
We have been through systems implementation during this year. Clearly, the idea is to bring 
more efficiency in the whole chain in the order to cash cycle. We believe that should be an area, 
which would help us to improve DSO in the coming quarters. There is nothing in specific that I 
will communicate either as a cause of concern or as a miss. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Kawaljeet Saluja from Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Hi, everyone. My question is on profitability or rather trying to understand the employee cost, 
Rajeev. When I look at your blended employee cost, that is down 13% compared to where it was 
six months back and this is happening at a time wherein your onsite mix in revenues has gone 
up from 40.3% to maybe 45%. I am just trying to reconcile how this has been achieved. Now I 
understand that you have recruited freshers, but still the disconnect in numbers is quite sharp. 
So, can you just help me with the same? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Hi, Kawaljeet. So, I think two points, and I will also have our Chief Operating Officer, Abhishek 
add to it. So, we did talk about the fact that we have hired close to 3,000 freshers during the year 
and I would have to step back, Kawaljeet, to really unfold the story. In FY21, it being a COVID 
year, we did not hire employees and that clearly led to the pyramid bloating. FY22 gave the 
opportunity to course correct on the pyramid. It also gave us the opportunity with the growth to 
build for future capability. We hired close to 3,000 freshers, which is what led to the reduction 
in the C&B as a percentage of revenue. Your point around the growth in onsite, of course, and 
also trying to add back to the reduction in C&B, the fact being that the growth in onsite is more 
of a Q4 phenomenon and that’s more because some of the deals have started in Q4, you will see 
the follow through and growth in offshore happening over the subsequent quarters. I will also 
have Abhishek share in terms of the operational aspects around the C&B. 
Abhishek Sinha: 
I think, Rajeev, you have covered it all. We clearly saw a few quarters back, at least more than 
a year back, I would say, that the way the industry is moving, including the attrition part, if we 
do not invest in the freshers, we will not be able to have the right kind of operational excellence 
and also the engine we have built on training these freshers because we are not just hiring them 
and then hoping that they will start delivering. We start engaging with the freshers at least six 
months before they join us while they are in their colleges. So, when they come into the 
Company, the quality of freshers, the quality of training is to the liking of our businesses and 
customers, if I may, and I think that strategy has really paid off for us and the fact that we started 
this more than a year back is what is showing the results now. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Okay, thank you. If I may ask a follow-on question and that is for Amit. I am just trying to 
understand the guidance philosophy because you have given out a guidance of 13.5% to 15.5% 
and at the same time, you have implied in many different ways that the guidance is conservative. 
Now, I am just trying to understand that at a philosophical level, do you think the guidance 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call
 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
should be always based on the way you see the demand or do you think that we should try and 
guess every year what’s the kind of cushion that you have built into your revenue growth 
assumption and how does that change every year? 
Amit Chadha: 
So, Kawaljeet, when we set up guidance and then we go through, we always look at all the 
positives and negatives that are there, the certainties, the deals won, the executions cycle, the 
supply side, we look at macroeconomics etc., it’s a fairly intense exercise that we do. There’s an 
algorithm that we leverage internally to do that. So, with that said, like I was explaining earlier 
also that in some of the segments, I’m fairly comfortable, confident, I can see it. I have plans 
right up to the end of the year, believe me. There are certain areas which I think are spotty at this 
stage from a variability standpoint, not our capability but variability standpoint, things could 
change, etc. So, that's where the guidance is coming from, but believe me Kawaljeet, we will 
continue to work on this on a continuous ongoing basis and continue to provide an update to 
you. I, in fact, didn't say it, but I am truly thankful to everybody on the call that has worked with 
us through this last year, it has not been easy. So, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Abhishek Shindadkr from InCred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Shindadkr: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on good execution. So, one question and partly 
answered by Abhishek in the previous answer, but it seems like our guidance, it seems like there 
is no challenge on the demand, but it is more on supply, and you alluded to the fact that you start 
training people six months ahead or when they are part of college, but just trying to understand 
that are they kind of billable immediately when they join or there is still a second level of training 
once they join and is there another way to get them billable early or if you can explain this 
process that could be really helpful. 
Abhishek Sinha: 
Thanks for the question. The way it works is, yes while we start engaging with them while they 
are in their colleges, we also engage with the faculty of the colleges so that they also train them 
in the areas what industry needs. When they join us, we have them go through a more structured 
training process in our academy. Do understand that while they are in colleges, still online virtual 
training, but we insist on these students working from our Mysore, Baroda campuses and do 
more in-person training because we are engineers, the work we do is hardcore. They have to 
apply what they learn. We have all these investment labs we have created. We make them go 
through the labs that we have. Our practice heads, practice managers engage with them and show 
them the kind of projects we do. It’s a lot of hands-on training that we do while in the first many 
months that they are with us. There is no specific timeline or something where we say they join 
in and in the next month, they will get billable, but it varies from technology to technology, 
customer to customer and that's the way it works, but yes, there is a lot of investment after they 
join, in them, before they can get into billable work. 
Amit Chadha: 
And more than billable, if I may add, the philosophy is, we are doing engineering and technology 
work. It's not a lot of commoditized work. So, you are working on products, you working on 
designing a plant, you're working on a digital twin concept, etc., so unless we are satisfied that 
the work product will be beyond defect, will be super skilled, we don't want to deploy the people 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call
 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
out. So, at times, we will ask them to do a little bit more re-training in a certain area. So, we 
want to make sure that our customers love us for the work that we do because growth will 
happen, profits will happen if clients love the work that we do. If we get into delivery issues and 
all, it will be a mess for us. 
Abhishek Sinha: 
Just one last point. We also put many of them through internal practice projects that we run, 
which creates technology assets on one hand, also in the process they get trained. So, that’s the 
way it works. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: 
This is really helpful and the second question is more about captives, so with the challenges 
especially in the Eastern European part, based on your conversation with customers from 
Europe, is there any heightened conversation about heading up incrementally or making India 
as probably an alternate destination right now, which may not be in their current setup? 
Amit Chadha: 
So, there is data available across Russia, Ukraine and Belarus, there is about 275,000 engineering 
jobs that have gone offline, if I may, and that therefore has people moving, some of those to Lat- 
Am, some of those to India, some of those to other parts of Europe. We continue to work with 
our key clients to support them through this difficult time. There are certain areas we have started 
to work with them. We have also established center in Poland last quarter. So, we are working 
with and engaging with people that are moving from these countries into Krakow where we can 
offer them employment as well. So, we are working on various parameters in this area. I don't 
want to comment on one specific area or another. I also want to behave like a good corporate 
citizen where I don't want to try and do this in the wrong way, but we are working with our 
clients, strategic clients to help them, some of them have their own centers there, which are no 
longer operational. So, we are supporting them on some of the programs, so we continue to 
engage. I don't want to put a number to it yet, but yes there is stuff that is happening in that area.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentleman, we take the last question from the line of Sandip Agarwal 
from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Sandip Agarwal: 
Good evening, thanks for taking my question, and congrats on good execution. So, I had just 
one question on the supply side, while you have given a lot of detail on that front, but the key 
aspect, which I wanted to understand is how much is the difference between recruiting fresher 
to get them on billing in our ER&D industry versus the services industry. Is that gap a couple of 
weeks or it is almost similar or it is higher? 
Amit Chadha: 
So, look at it this way, answer will potentially vary in terms of the areas we are putting them on. 
Some of the best analytical brains we are getting actually are people that are Masters that are 
coming out in specific areas in some places, some PhDs. Now they will immediately get deputed 
to projects in very short term. There are others, where do build plans with them, getting them up 
to speed, etc., so there is no one answer. What I can definitely tell you because I have played 
both sides of this, I have been in IT industry and now in the engineering industry for more than 
a decade, it takes a little bit more, but it varies depending on vertical, skill set, technology area, 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call
 
April 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
that we have got but we do want engineers, we do need people with Masters, so the technology, 
the engineering pedigree, etc. is very important, can't do it with just bachelors, etc. that's a fact. 
Sandip Agarwal: 
Sir, if I can ask one more question, we are hearing that some of these companies, which have 
got impacted because of the geopolitical situation have become very aggressive in recruiting 
from some of the key supply cities in India, has it impacted us or you are also seeing the same 
trend or you don't think it is something to be called out yet? 
Amit Chadha: 
So, we have got centers in six cities. Our primary focus to grow will be Chennai, Mysore, and 
Baroda with secondary focus on Mumbai, Hyderabad, Bangalore, and then Pune as needed. So, 
we have centers in these places. We are fairly diverse from that standpoint. Yes, there is a talent 
war out there and we do believe it will take some time to shake out, but the only answer here is 
to go through with it and you know two things, one if we can offer a differentiated technology 
career path, road map, projects to our employees and our associates or people joining us, they 
will be excited, so kind of projects, etc. we have them do. The second thing is that can we be 
inclusive, can we offer them opportunities outside of what they are doing right now. That is why 
I mentioned go up to our website, look at the mission, vision, values, that we are doing now. So, 
we are working on various parameters to see how we can get the excitement up.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentleman, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Pinku Pappan for closing comments. 
Pinku Pappan: 
Thank you everyone for joining us on this call today. We hope we were able to answer most of 
your questions. Please reach out to me in case you have follow up questions. Well, here's wishing 
you great and safe time and hope to meet you soon in person. Thank you. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and Gentleman, on behalf of L&T Technology Services 
Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you all for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your line. 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been lightly edited for clarity and accuracy. 
 
 
 
