HZL/2021-SECY / 
BSE Ltd. 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Kind Attn: - General Manager, 
Dept. of Corporate Services 
Scrip Code: 500188 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
HINDUSTAN ZINC 
Zinc & Silver of India 
April 27, 2022 
National Stock Exchange of {India) Ltd. 
"Exchange Plaza" Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai - 400051 
Kind Attn:- Head - Listing & Corporate 
Communications 
Trading Symbol: HINDZINC-EQ 
Sub: - Earnings call Transcript for the Fourth Quarter and Year Ended March 31, 2022 
This is further to our letters dated April 22, 2022, the Company had hosted an earnings conference call 
with investors and analyst on Friday, April 22, 2022 to discuss the financial performance of t he Company 
for the Fourth Quarter and Year Ended March 31, 2022. 
Please find attached the transcript of the earnings call. The same is also made available on the 
Company's website at https://www.hzlindia.com/investors/reports-press-releases/. 
Request you to take the information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully 
For Hindustan Zinc Limited 
~ 
(R Pandwal) 
Company Secretary 
Encl: as above. 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
Registered Office: Yashad Bhawan, Udaipur (Rajasthan) - 313 004 
T +91 -294 660 4000-02 F +91294-242 7739 www.hzlindia.com 
CIN : L27204RJ 1966PLC001 208 

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Hindustan Zinc Limited Q4 & Full Year FY22 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
{April 22, 2022} 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARUN MISRA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
HINDUSTAN ZINC LIMITED. 
MR. SANDEEP MODI – INTERIM CFO, HINDUSTAN 
ZINC LIMITED. 
MS. SHWETA ARORA – HEAD (INVESTOR RELATIONS), 
HINDUSTAN ZINC LIMITED. 
 
 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
April 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Hindustan Zinc 4th Quarter and Full Year 
FY22 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Shweta Arora, Head of Investor Relations, thank you and 
over to you ma’am. 
Shweta Arora: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all to Hindustan Zinc’s 4th Quarter and Full Year 
FY22 Results Briefing. Today on the call we have with us our CEO, Mr. Arun Misra and our 
Interim CFO Mr. Sandeep Modi. Mr. Misra will begin with an update on business performance, 
while Mr. Modi will walk you through financial performance, after which we will open the floor 
for questions. I now request Mr. Misra to begin today's call. Over to you Mr. Misra. 
Arun Misra: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for the 4th Quarter and FY22 Results 
Briefing. 
I hope you and your loved ones are doing well and have taken the booster doses as per 
government protocols. I am happy to inform that we are progressing well on our administration 
of the booster dose, for our employees and business partners, as well as their families to curb the 
positivity rate and keep it under control. 
Before I begin today's results presentation, I regret to inform you all that we have lost one of our 
business partner colleagues in an unfortunate accident that happened at our Rajpura Dariba Mine 
on 11th March this year. I would like to offer my deepest condolences to the bereaved family and 
friends of the deceased. “One life lost is one too many” we commit to stand by the family in this 
hour of distress. 
An in-depth incident investigation is conducted through an independent investigation 
committee. The learning from the incident have been reviewed and are being implemented 
across all our operating assets. Further, we have deployed additional safety measures to mitigate 
any such incidents in the future. We have also initiated the appointment process for three global 
mining safety experts as safety officials for different mining locations. In addition, we have 
appointed ex-DGMS officials to enhance safety practices via rigorous training programs. And 
we have also initiated automation and mechanization plans in high-risk activities to the extent 
possible. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
April 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
In these trying times, our people have made us proud and have come together as one Hindustan 
Zinc family, against all odds. Wellbeing of our people is a key priority for us and where we don't 
leave any stone unturned and invest both time and necessary resources to nurture them. 
From Employee Mental Health and Assistance Programs, to upskilling workshops and trainings, 
our people are at the heart of everything that we do. At Hindustan Zinc, we strongly believe that 
change is the only constant, and it is to be driven from the top to effectively percolate down into 
every facet of our organization. Towards this we have conducted world-class training with 
external trainers on global concepts likes of Theory of Constraints, TQM, to drive the change 
agenda, and with a sub-focus on outcomes, which challenges traditional mental blocks, and helps 
transcend boundaries in terms of performance. 
We also have a dedicated program running for Talent Identification and Development, 
particularly focusing on younger talent and diversity mentoring. It gives me immense 
satisfaction to see that Hindustan Zinc has also broken many stereotypes, from employing 
women in mining, to providing equal opportunities to members of the LGBTQ community. We 
continue to nurture and protect the diverse and inclusive fabric of the company. 
I am delighted to share that company has received the leadership in HR Excellence Award from 
CII for best-in-class HR Practices. 
Coming to an update on the ESG front, it gives me immense satisfaction to witness that we are 
marching ahead on our ESG initiatives and working hard towards our commitment of Net Zero 
by 2050. I am happy to share that we have received Board approval to undertake a long-term 
captive Renewable Power delivery plan, up to a capacity of 200 MW. This is in-line with our 
unwavering focus to reduce dependence on thermal power and bring the share of renewable 
energy to cover 50% in next three years. 
Hindustan Zinc has also put into operation its first batch of passenger electric vehicles (EV) for 
employees. The recent additions to the EV fleet are electric scooters for security staff, passenger 
EVs at locations, and specialized, smart underground service EV for mine. 
We have also initiated task force on climate-related financial disclosure, qualitative and 
quantitative study across Hindustan Zinc, to identify the climate-related risks and opportunities, 
and the financial implications of the same on our business. 
We have signed an MoU with CDP science-based incubator program for setting the targets in 
line with Science-Based Targets Initiative requirements for our commitment to reduce the 
greenhouse gas emissions to zero by 2050. 
I am also elated to inform you that Hindustan Zinc has featured in the Sustainability Yearbook 
for the fifth year in a row. We are also ranked in the Top 100 Global Companies by the Global 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
April 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
Sustainability Magazine. This is extremely encouraging and gives us confidence to progress 
ahead and deliver on our ESG vision. 
Coming to an update on CSR activities, as a group our core value and priority is to give back to 
the society. And our CSR team has doubled up on their efforts on ground training during these 
trying times. They have carefully balanced both the ongoing long-term core initiatives along 
with health and COVID-related support to the villages, and communities surrounding our 
operations. 
The team has put in well-rounded efforts towards Education, Sustainable Livelihood via Skill 
Development and the establishment of self-reliant financial ecosystems for the communities, 
Women Empowerment, Health and Sports. I am happy to inform that our Zinc Kaushal Kendra 
received the Indira Mahila Shakti Protsahan Avam Samman by Honorable Chief Minister, Shri 
Ashok Gehlot in the field of Women Empowerment. 
Turning to a market update, 
On the global supply side equation, we don't see any major new development in the short-term, 
which will impact price significantly. Inflationary pressures have continued to pile on globally. 
As for zinc metal inventory stocks are slowly and steadily moving from Europe to Asia. The 
zinc market did witness backwardation during the quarter. On demand side, we haven't 
witnessed much impact despite Europe being most exposed to Russia, Ukraine unrest. We see 
manufacturing PMI hovering around 55. 
Touching briefly on lead, lower lead LME stocks have a little impact on prices, with battery 
demand generally soft and moving into seasons, quiet period after winter, additional output from 
Chinese smelters only led to rise in deficiently warehouse stocks. We do not foresee any 
significant change on this count in the short term. 
Coming to silver, investment demand remains healthy, while industrial demand for silver is 
expected to grow by 5% in 2022, according to Silver Institute. With expectations of an increase 
in interest rates by the freight at one hand and ware led situation leading to supply chain 
uncertainties on the other, precious metal prices will at best remain in a delicate balance. 
Talking about the domestic market demand remains healthy, and we were getting good 
realizations for our products. And I am happy to report that we reached our highest ever market 
share in primary zinc segments reaching 83% by FY22. 
Coming to an update on operational performance 
We have continued to set new operational benchmarks and delivered a year filled with new 
milestones. It was a stellar year with mined metal production crossing 1 million tonnes up to 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
April 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
1,017,000 tonnes. This was possible only through higher ore production from all locations, 
driven by concerted efforts and grit of all our teams. 
Hindustan Zinc also produced its highest ever annual refined metal production and witnessed 
record high mine development during the year. All of these while maintaining our mine life at 
25 years. 
During the quarter mined metal production was at 295,000 tonnes, up 3% year-on-year. This 
was on account of higher ore production at Rajpura Dariba, Sindesar Khurd, and Rampura 
Agucha mines. Sequentially mined metal production grew by 17% with higher ore production 
from Rajpura Dariba, Rampura Agucha, Sindesar Khurd and Zawar mines supported by better 
mining grades. 
Integrated metal production was 260,000 tonnes for the quarter, up 2% year-on-year, and 
remained almost flat sequentially. This was supported by better plant and mined metal 
availability and improved operating parameters. 
Integrated zinc production was 211,000 tonnes up 8% year-on-year, and was 1% lower 
sequentially. 
Integrated lead production for the quarter was 49,000 tonnes, up 5% sequentially, but was down 
19% year-on-year on account of our Pyro plant facility, running on zinc and lead mode compared 
to last year lead only mode operation. 
For the full year refined metal production was 957,000 tonnes up 4% year-on-year on account 
of better plant and concentrate availability. 
Integrated silver production was 162 tonnes, down 20% year-on-year and 6% sequentially, in-
line with WIP buildup in Quarter 4, and change in mix of lead concentrate. For the full year 
silver production was 8% lower, year-on-year to 647 tonnes in-line with lower lead metal 
production and reduction of silver WIP.  
At the current run rate production, we are confident to deliver another stellar performance in the 
fiscal year 2023. 
Coming to projects update 
I am elated to inform that our alloys project under Hindustan Zinc Alloys Private Limited, has 
progressed ahead, and has received consent to establish for a 30,000 tonnes plant. We look 
forward to meeting the demand for zinc alloys in the Indian market. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
April 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
On the fumer commissioning we see the long wait coming to an end. The visa process for 
technical experts is in advanced stages. And we expect the commissioning to be completed by 
the end of Quarter 1 of this year. Post which we can expect output stepping up in a phased 
manner. 
I am also happy to update you on the progress of our mill revamping at Rajpura Dariba mill for 
1.1 million tonnes per annum capacity. Construction is ongoing, and we expect commissioning 
to be completed by Quarter 3 of this year. 
Before I handover the call to Sandeep for an update on financial performance, I would like to 
present our production guidance for the fiscal year 2023. We expect mined metal for the year to 
be in the range of 1,050 to 1,075 thousand tonnes, and refined metal production for the year to 
be in the range of one million tonnes to 1,250,000 tonnes, while FY23 saleable silver production 
is expected to be between 700 to 725 tonnes. 
With this, I hand over to Sandeep to give an update on the financial performance. 
Sandeep Modi: 
Good afternoon everyone. It was a record fiscal year where we touched significant milestones 
and continued positive momentum of our financial performance. We delivered historic high 
annual revenue, EBITDA and net profit. 
This winning streak is supported by our consistent efforts on operational efficiencies, volume 
delivery, cost rationalization, as well as favorable LME environment. Being in the first quartile 
global cost curve, our margins exhibit resilience even in an input commodity inflationary 
environment, as positive correlation to LME prices create a favorable trade off for us. 
Coming to an update on financial performance for the 4th Quarter and full year ended March ’22, 
revenue from operation during the quarter was at record Rs. 8,797 crore, an increase of 27% 
YoY, led by higher zinc volume and better premium as well as higher zinc and lead LME prices, 
which were partly offset by lower lead and silver volumes. Zinc sales volume increased 8% YoY 
in-line with higher production as robust demand. Over the year zinc and lead LME prices were 
up 37% and 16% respectively. 
Sequentially, revenue was up 10% primarily driven by higher zinc prices and lead volume, partly 
offset by lower silver volumes. Zinc LME prices were sequentially up 12% while lead volume 
were up 5%. For the full year, revenue was higher by 30% to a record Rs. 29,440 crore, led by 
higher zinc volumes and stellar zinc and lead LME as well as higher silver prices from a year 
ago. 
Zinc COP before royalty during the quarter was $1,136 per tonne, lower 1% sequentially, though 
it was up by 24% YoY in INR terms and up 21% in USD terms. For the full year Zinc COP 
excluding royalty was $1,122 per tonne higher by 18% YoY. Overall COP has been adversely 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
April 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
affected by higher coal prices, and higher use of imported coal, owing to lower linkage coal 
availability. This was partially offset by operational efficiencies, higher volume and better 
recoveries. 
EBITDA for the full year was a record Rs. 16,289 crore, up 39% from a year ago primarily on 
account of higher volume, rise in LME prices partially offset by higher imported coal prices, 
lower domestic linkage coal availability as well as rise in HSD and met coke prices. 
EBITDA for the 4th Quarter was at Rs. 5,007 crore, 29% higher versus last year, same quarter, 
and is up 14% sequentially on account of higher prices, better premium and well-managed 
operating cost. 
Tax rate for the year was at an average of approximately 31.7%. The higher level versus previous 
year was mainly due to the end of certain tax holidays and change in proportion of total business 
profit versus the total taxable profit. Our cash tax rate would still be around 17%, and we have 
MAT credit available. 
For the full year consolidated net profit was Rs. 9,629 crore, up 21% wherein the impact of 
higher EBITDA was partially offset by lower investment income due to declining interest rate 
environment, and higher ETR.  
Consolidated net profit for the quarter was Rs. 2,928 crore up to 18% YoY and 8% sequentially, 
due to lower interest income and higher taxes. 
Another key update this quarter is on locking in future zinc prices. During the quarter the 
company sold zinc forward for nearly 15% of FY23 projected zinc volume. Given fast evolving 
business situation, we have embarked on strategic hedges and will remain flexible and dynamic 
to harness right opportunities. 
Coming to our cost and CAPEX guidance for the fiscal year 2023 
We expect zinc COP in the range of $1,125 to $1,175 per tonne for upcoming fiscal year, which 
is inclusive of higher mine development expenditure to support future volume growth. You 
would appreciate this guidance comes in an extremely uncertain environment with rising 
imported coal prices, lower domestic coal availability quality and geopolitical tensions, which 
is impacting supply chain globally.Given the fact that we have maintained our leadership 
position in the global cost curve, we remain confident to protect and improve our margins. 
Project CAPEX for this year is expected to be in the range of $125 to $125 million, we will 
continue to have a focused approach, to invest in a strategic project with higher IRR and towards 
sustainability aspect of the business. With this I open the floor for your questions. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
April 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The next question 
is from the line of Amit Dixit from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
I have two questions. The first one is essentially on the guidance. So, guidance for FY23 as far 
as mined metal production and refined metal is concerned, it seems that you are a little bit soft 
when compared with the initial guidance for FY22. And with Fumer volume expected to come 
in and we are already operating at 1.2 mtpa. So, this seems to be a little bit soft, I just want to 
know what we are missing here, that is my first question. 
Arun Misra: 
And how do we look at it, last year, we crossed the one million threshold as far as metal in 
concentrate is concerned. And the focus shifts to smelting which always had the capacity to 
produce one million tonnes metal, but we have never been tested on that ground. This year is the 
testing ground for smelters to be tested to produce 1 million tonnes metal, in a way that 
maximizes revenue from the quality of metal that it produces, along with the different value-
added products, along with our ratio of domestic is to exports. So, that's why if you look at the 
guidance, the focus has shifted more towards the metal than from the mining, because on the 
MIC one million tonnes plus we will be producing in any case, and that guidance will not be 
perhaps necessary guidance going forward. Going forward the guidance will be more on the 
metal where we are focusing on one million tonnes plus production is the focus, but however 
our commitment remains to deliver 1.2 million tonnes metal as quickly as possible. 
Amit Dixit: 
The second one is essentially on the zinc forward, you mentioned that you have the forward 
contract for 15% of volume for zinc. Have you done anything for lead also and is there some 
currency hedging and at what price we have hedged? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So, we have hedged the 15% of volume of our zinc, no hedging has been done for the lead. And 
the prices are above the $4,000. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay, and there is no currency hedging. 
Sandeep Modi: 
No currency hedge for this specific hedging. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anuj Singla from Bank of America. Please go 
ahead. 
Anuj Singla: 
My first question relates to the cost of production. There is a decline of around 1% QoQ. Can 
you talk about the key drivers and also what was the coal linkage materialization in this quarter? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So, during the coal linkage materialization, situation did not improve, we received a mere around 
a 3% of the linkage coal in our overall coal basket. So, the better COP or the well-managed COP 
was attributable on account of the higher volume, operational efficiencies and various 
operational parameters, recovery kind of things, which have been helping us to improve the cost. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
April 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
Anuj Singla: 
And secondly, so we, I think, a couple of years back, we were looking at 1.2 to 1.5 million 
expansion for the mining capacity. And we are still a long way away, or maybe a couple of years 
away from achieving 1.2. Can you give us some kind of timeline? When do we start investing 
for these 1.2 to 1.5 million tonne expansion? And is there some amount of CAPEX already 
included in the CAPEX guidance for FY23? And also an update on the custom smelter which 
we were contemplating, in Gujarat? 
Arun Misra: 
So, I will start from the last, custom smelters are still a way of, because the public hearing has 
not been held. And once the public hearing is held than we will perhaps come back with our 
project proposal. What's in hand right now is, as I said earlier, to cross one million tonne plus, 
in the smelting capacities, and to put up some balance facilities that the smelting itself, it’s not 
only tested for one million tonne, also, he is able to produce slightly over and above 1.2 million 
tonnes. So, that sets the pace for going to 1.5 mtpa. 
All practically speaking, we should see that design work for 1.5 mtpa being over by another two 
quarters. And then perhaps we will be able to let you know, what would be the project plan and 
when we would be commissioning those, when we will be embarking on those projects. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhiram Iyer from Deutsche CIB Center. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhiram Iyer: 
Could you give us any guidance on the sort of an inorganic expansion plans that you were 
looking for in the last couple of quarters, particularly, let's say Zinc International and other 
companies that you were looking for an expansion? That's the first question. 
And the second question is, could you give any guidance on any dividend payout that the 
company is thinking about or the management is thinking about? 
Arun Misra: 
So, again, let me, Arun Misra here, let me do it in the reverse order. As far as dividends are 
concerned, it's a matter for the Board to consider and approve. Whenever they do so surely, we 
will be able to let you know very happily. 
On the other hand, as inorganic growth, yes, it's a part of our overall vision to be number one 
lead and zinc producer in the world. And we are including the target that you are speaking of, 
Zinc International, if we add that to Hindustan Zinc, we are already number one in the world, if 
we add these two, then one plus one would make 11 that's our belief. However, if it were to 
happen, it will happen with new regulatory approvals from all fronts. So, we are still on the 
drawing board and wherever we do get the approvals we will surely let you know. 
Abhiram Iyer: 
So, as of now, it's not imminent on the horizon, it's still going to take some more work. Is that 
understanding --? 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
April 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
Arun Misra: 
So, such kind of discussions cannot be time bound. The tipping point can arrive sooner or later. 
However, I would not speculate on the time when the tipping point arrives. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Chandak from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Chandak: 
So, my first question was with regard to the 1.2 to 1.35 million tonne expansion. So, you have 
mentioned that your first target would be achieving a million tonne of metal sales. So, when do 
we plan to hit 1.2 million tonne of metal sales? 
Arun Misra: 
So, first task as I said, our smelting already has one million tonne plus capacity. The guidance 
that has been given is on the 100% confidence factor on achieving those numbers, and on that 
the guidance is given. So, that itself puts us closer to 1.2 million tonne. However, there would 
be certain balance facilities that we would require so that we can produce the product of the grid, 
all that can be saleable with the maximum return. So, those design work, we are already in and 
we should be able to commission certain projects, like we are doing the melting and casting 
project in Hindustan Zinc through a subsidiary, that would see addition of about 30 kT of value-
added products in our product portfolio that we already have. 1.35 mtpa includes some of the 
expansions like Zawar mine has to go from 4 million tonne to 8 million tonne, ore mining 
capacity. Our Rajpura Dariba mine, which is currently one million tonnes to be taken to 4 million 
tonne. While we have launched the work through sustenance CAPEX of the seeding work for 
expanding these mines. Just to give you a few examples, suppose Zawar mine have 4 to 8 million 
tonnes, couple of new portals to be made, some of the underground tunnels to be widened. So, 
without launching another growth CAPEX through the sustenance CAPEX route, we have 
already started addressing few of that work, which provides us a base. 
Similarly, Rajpura Dariba mines, complete hydro geological study for the best way to enter the 
deep floor of the mine that is being done now. So, that's why I said another couple of quarters, 
we should be able to come back with a firm plan that this is the route to 1.5 million tonnes and 
these are the timelines. Of course 1.35 mtpa is an intermediate milestones and that will also be 
equally clear at that point of time. 
Vishal Chandak: 
My second question was with regards to the coal cost and coal sourcing, if you could please help 
us with what kind of coal sourcing are we currently doing and what are the costs? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So, if you see the total cost bucket, coal used to be 25% to 28%. So, I can give you the ballpark 
number, it’s currently around 35% in my total cost. And the coal sources are mostly from the 
South Africa, Indonesia, and Australia. And largely, as I said earlier, domestic coal availability 
is meager and we are getting only 3% to 4%. So, obviously my large chunk is coming from the 
imported coal. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
April 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
Vishal Chandak: 
I see. And finally, if I miss squeeze in just one more, you just mentioned that we have now 
started the process of hedging forward sales, and 15% has been done at $4,000 plus. So, does 
that give you confidence that the $4,000 plus may not remain at the current levels? And are you 
expecting a correction or is there any other thought process for hedging? 
Sandeep Modi: 
There are concerns on global growth and expected ease on the supply constraint in Quarter 2, 
Calendar ’22, situations remains quite dynamic. So, we believe that it was the right timing to 
enter hedges. And we locked in a 15% of the volume. And 85%, you can assume it still open. 
So, we are keeping the wait and watch and see what can be the best in the interest of the business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikash Singh from Phillip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Vikash Singh: 
Just wanted to understand our CAPEX on the balancing facilities to make the smelter to 1.2 
million tonne. What could be the CAPEX or the CAPEX has already been happened for that. If 
you could shed some thought process on that? 
Arun Misra: 
Just now I said, we have already had the CAPEX approved by the Board for forming a subsidiary 
company and add 30 kT of value-added product additions. So, that will take a little more above 
1,123,000 tonnes capacity that this smelter is at. We also have a CAPEX has already approved 
for debottlenecking of current smelters to push up their capacity. So, as of now, I see no reason 
why we should not be producing close to 1.2 million tonne finished good metal through the 
existing facilities, whatever little balancing facilities required for to come to 1.2 mtpa we will 
do that. But as I said, the way I would be working is first assure the mines produce equivalent 
amount of metal in concentrates. Last year, we have demonstrated 1 million plus, this year we 
have to go even further than that, and at the same time test the current smelting capacities. So, 
that's why I say 1.2 mtpa will just be crossed intermediately while we start launching program 
for 1.35 mtpa and then 1.5 mtpa. 
Vikash Singh: 
No, so basically I just wanted to know the CAPEX, if you have already firmed up for these 
incremental volumes? 
Arun Misra: 
It is already approved, so there is nothing, no new CAPEX is considered for that. 
Vikash Singh: 
Amount actually, so how much we are going to spend in FY23, if I may ask differently --? 
Sandeep Modi: 
In the smelter, there is no CAPEX to be done for achieving the capacity with Mr. Misra has said. 
Vikash Singh: 
And overall FY23, CAPEX would be mostly maintenance CAPEX now then? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So, Project CAPEX are $120 to $150 million that is the CAPEX guidance which we have given, 
that will be largely pertaining to our RD mill revamping, our alloy facility setup and the new 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
April 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
renewable energy power project which we have announced, these are the three projects and the 
remaining that will be the sustaining CAPEX or maintenance CAPEX whatever you say. 
Vikash Singh: 
Just one last question, any thought process up to what percentage we would like to hedge, 
currently we are 15% but any threshold which you have decided that up to this percent we want 
to go to hedge or they have put be dynamic in it? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So, as I said if the situations remain dynamic. So, as we see the prices move forward and how 
the geopolitical situation improves. And we will continue to be the wait and watch and take the 
decision which is in the best interest of the business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Couple of questions, first is can you provide some details on what the zinc TC-RC trends are 
and physical market premiums? That's the first question. 
Arun Misra: 
We are integrated producer; it is not applicable to us. So, I don't think I will be commenting on 
TC-RC trends in the market. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Physical market premiums --? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So, on the zinc and lead, the premiums while we can't disclose the full number, but I can say it's 
an increasing trend. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Would it be possible to quantify how it has moved on a sequential basis? 
Sandeep Modi: 
Sequentially it will be up with a good amount. 
Ritesh Shah: 
My second question is I think the company had taken approvals regarding shifting capital from 
general reserves to retained earnings. Would it be possible for you to qualify what this quantum 
was? 
Sandeep Modi: 
The quantum was around Rs. 10,000 crore and we have received the NOC from the National 
Stock Exchange. And as of now, we are awaiting the SEBI clearance. And they have asked the 
question, for which we have submitted the reply. 
Ritesh Shah: 
And how should one understand the rationale for this Rs. 10,000 crores of movement, should 
one assume the more flexibility of funds, which could eventually translate to dividend payout or 
how should one read into this? 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
April 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
Sandeep Modi: 
So, this was done in the last quarter, when we announced about this scheme. It takes around a 
year to get it completely done. Obviously, it gives the flexibility, however, it is an enabling 
provision, and at this point of time, I would like to limit my comments to that extent. 
Ritesh Shah: 
And my third question is on Hindustan Zincs stake sale, has there been any progress from the 
government or is the company trying to move forward? Where exactly is it stuck right now? 
Arun Misra: 
I didn't get you Hindustan Zinc, you are asking about disinvestment? 
Ritesh Shah: 
Yes. 
Arun Misra: 
So, no so disinvestment, it was approved by Supreme Court, and after that there were certain 
procedural issues that had to be cleared. And as far as my information is concerned government 
is ready for that. Only government is working out what could be the modalities, should it be 
done in one go or should it be done in many tranches? So, that's what they are working out and 
whatever suits to them, they will do that. 
Ritesh Shah: 
So, this is something which is entirely with DIPAM right now and there is no legal hurdle which 
are there, right, would that understanding be correct? 
Arun Misra: 
I didn't get you, there was some, not clarity in the voice. You were asking about this is with the 
government. Government has to do that, right. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Okay. And is there any timeline here? 
Arun Misra: 
No, there's no timeline. I think the sooner the better. And you know, as a citizen, I can say all of 
us expect that government has no business being in business. So, the sooner they do it, the better 
it is. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Mitra from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhijit Mitra: 
I have two questions. First question is, if you can, highlight the ore production from some of 
your key mines for the fiscal year 2022. And the total milled ore that you have seen for the fiscal 
as well as feed rate that you have seen for the fiscal? That's the first question 
Arun Misra: 
So, you want the full table of ore production, ore grade, treatment, mill grade --? 
Abhijit Mitra: 
Ore milled and -- 
Arun Misra: 
I will tell you the large number, okay. It’s year-on-year about 5.7% increase in the ore 
production. It's about this year we finished at 16.34 million tonne, the breakup of mine wise it 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
April 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
will be too time consuming and will take away questions from others. I will request our, Shweta 
Arora to get in touch and give you the mine wise details. Ore grade was 7.08 in this year, this 
was slightly lower than our business plan that we had and it was lower than FY last year also, 
because we are going deep in underground, however, this year the areas in the mine we have 
reached we see the possibility of a better grade coming in. 
Abhijit Mitra: 
The idea was to understand the drop in lead and silver production so --? 
Arun Misra: 
No, that is not the reason for drop in production. Drop in lead production and silver production 
is because we were producing huge amount of zinc concentrate and our Pyro facility can be run 
in two modes one when it runs with both zinc and lead concentrate to produce some PW zinc 
and SHG zinc as well as some lead or it can be done only 100% lead mode. Last year we operated 
this facility on 100% lead mode because our mined metal production was low. This time mined 
metal production has crossed 1 million tonne and zinc LME being more than $4,000 per tonnes, 
we wanted to take advantage of that and we operated Pyro mostly or all the time in zinc plus 
lead mode to produce more and more zinc. 
So, to that account consumption of lead concentrate has been less. And lead concentrate is 
staying with us as a stock. So, this year we are planning that we will convert even with more 
zinc plus lead, but we are trying to create that balancing facility that I was talking about to see 
that how can I increase with little bit of tweaking in the process or some balancing facility in the 
process, consume more and more lead and produce the silver which is locked in that lead. So, 
that is the reason, there is not no reason that the ore production has been less or mills have not 
operated. 
Abhijit Mitra: 
So, essentially what we have seen as a total production is the peak production unless there is 
some debottlenecking which comes through probably over the course of the next year? 
Arun Misra: 
Only in the lead circuit, I need some amount of debottlenecking.  
Abhijit Mitra: 
And generally this debottlenecking will sort of take place through FY23 or you see it sort of 
spilling over to FY24 as well? 
Arun Misra: 
See we are already on the job and with this first quarter maybe we will be still running on zinc 
and lead mode. And we are suitably evaluating both on the LME depending upon how it goes 
and on the mined metal production wise, whether we run on zinc plus lead mode or only lead 
mode, or we are also parallelly debottlenecking work is on by quarter two, I think we should be 
able to push up our lead processing facility. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pallav Agarwal from Antique Stock Broking 
Limited. Please go ahead. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
April 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
Pallav Agarwal: 
So, I had a question on the supply side, so we have seen such elevated energy prices, which is 
probably leading to some smelter cuts on aluminum etc. So, have we started seeing something 
similar in zinc as well. 
Arun Misra: 
I think the gas prices being high and Europe being badly affected because of the gas prices. So, 
supply side there is still constraint, the smelter capacities are still not the full capacity that they 
were earlier. So, that's what is supply constraint in the market and we see that prices are there. 
And this input side of the pressure is not easing any sooner. And our prediction is maybe another 
quarter or so, this will remain. And that is the opportunity we are looking at. 
And in fact the amount of mined metal we have produced last year and the zinc production the 
way last quarter we finished that 260,000 tonnes and we continue like that, we will have to have 
more, good amount of export of zinc as well. And Europe and America are the two continents 
which provide lucrative business but the shipping freight costs are quite high. So, that is another 
debottleneck we have to perform to find the solution how to cater to those markets, while paying 
lesser freight cost and get maximum earnings, because those are the continents where there will 
be high demand, but the supplies are constrainted. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Also the situation in China with again Corona cases going up over there. So, are we actually 
seeing the utilization levels over there also, zinc smelters declining and probably you know they 
anyway never used to export too much, but probably there, some sort of, we can actually start 
importing some amount of zinc and lead, is that a possibility? 
Arun Misra: 
So, in China, mostly, the news that we get to is, the city based population, urban population are 
affected as of now. As of now it is not showing any impact on the industry as such. However, 
the question is, although the Russia-China trade remains all time high last quarter, also, the trade 
between Russia-China was all time high, and that means their internal trade volumes -- China's 
economy, so to say. So, their production levels are not an issue. Issue is, its mostly the European 
production level, because there energy prices are too much. China already had huge amount of 
coal production by themselves. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
So, last, if you could just give us a broad percentage of our zinc volumes, how much is domestic 
and how much are we exporting, let's say in FY22? 
Arun Misra: 
So, roughly about 60% to 62% of our productions are domestic, and that quantity itself is 83% 
of our domestic market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Systematix. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
One thing again on your, coming to your guidance, we are consistently missing our guidance 
quite sharply. And especially on silver, how confident are we with a fumer commissioning and 
other things -- expansion that we will move closer to our guidance for FY23? 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
April 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
Arun Misra: 
So, this time, the guidance that talks about 700-725 tons of silver includes Quarter 3 and Quarter 
4 production of silver through the fumer route. The fumer experts where we were stuck with the 
visa not being approved or they were not able to travel because of various COVID restrictions, 
as well as Indo-China relations. But now about seven or eight experts have already gone there, 
got their visa, rest of the workmen are getting the visa. As I say we our team is working with the 
project of getting their visas done. 
And then we are expecting that this quarter end most of the repair work is already over. It's only 
they are coming and commissioning, which should be anytime between towards this quarter end, 
the commissioning should be over. And then slowly it will ramp up. So, Quarter 3 or Quarter 4 
we should see full volume coming from there. So, that should add another 16 to 17 tonne of 
silver from there. The rest of the silver will come from our current operation that way we have 
designed this year. 
Rahul Jain: 
Also on the government slowly probably exiting in say next two to three quarters. So, do we see 
any kind of change in our management approach, in the sense will we be more willing to take 
up more projects or doing more acquisitions, I am sure there will be lot of smelters, which would 
be available cheap in today's market? Would that be a possibility in future? 
Arun Misra: 
Possibility of, your meaning, merger and acquisition on smelters? 
Rahul Jain: 
Or some kind of because it's like, we have had government hand in our company, and with that 
getting away, would there be a change in approach? 
Arun Misra: 
So, let me put it the other way of government being in the Board restricting our ability to expand, 
perhaps that’s not true, government still remaining in the Board, we have expanded from 
hundred thousand tonnes to about 1 million tonnes which is 10 hundred thousand tonnes. So, we 
have been able to do that. So, I don't see that as the bottleneck. 
What is at stake is private participation in management brings in more innovation and creativity. 
So, disinvestment happens it throws up more opportunities very difficult to fathom just now. But 
one thing for sure the company with its cash reserves can grow both organically/inorganically 
with a much speedier decision making perhaps. And also, there are certain articles of shareholder 
agreement and limitations that puts in, but those will be the issues to be talked about. But I would 
not put that our current growth in any way is impeded by government being on the Board, rather 
they have been very supportive.  
Rahul Jain: 
And the last mine we opened was Kayad after that we really haven't done much in terms of new 
mining exploration, any possibility on that also? 
Arun Misra: 
So, new mine if we say exploration, we have already waiting for, we had some earlier 
prospecting licenses on which we are talking to government. At the same time, we are waiting 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
April 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
for the sector to be thrown open, like what has happened in the bulk mineral category, and 
expecting more and more blocks to be offered to companies like ours for participation in both 
prospecting as well as mining lease. So, whenever they are open, we are in touch with state 
government of Rajasthan whenever they are open, Hindustan Zinc will be the first participant at 
least to all the nearby blocks wherever we can mine. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Dixit from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
I have a couple of questions. The first one is on the Capital mine development in this quarter, if 
you can give the number? 
Sandeep Modi: 
13 kilometer of the Capital mine development during this quarter. 
Amit Dixit: 
And the second question is on essentially tax guidance. So, you mentioned in your opening 
remarks that the tax rate was 31.7% due to tax holiday ending. Now what would be the tax 
guidance for FY23? 
Sandeep Modi: 
This continues to be remain largely at the same level for FY23. 
Amit Dixit: 
That is 32% or there about. 
Sandeep Modi: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Reddy from Polsani Enterprises. Please 
go ahead. 
Saket Reddy: 
The FY23 15% of projected sales that we have sold through moving forward, so what we have 
committed, what is the pricing for that, moving forward price? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So, the hedging price has been above the $4,000 per tonne. 
Saket Reddy: 
And the second question is we have been doing a lot on the ESG front, be it EVs, be it the 
Captive powerplant. So, just wanted to know over the longer run say over 5 to 10 years post 
effect, post commission, will these be cost accretive for us the powerplant or usage of EVs in 
the mines in…. 
Arun Misra: 
So, you are talking about on the ESG vision, what we do with the powerplants in the long run? 
Saket Reddy: 
No, the ESG vision for the powerplant is fine, the renewable power plant, but will it be cost 
accretive for us over a longer run? 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
April 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
Arun Misra: 
It will be, looking at the geographical location of our facilities, where we are not surrounded by 
huge coal mining blocks or domestic coal suppliers. And as you can see our cost pressure also, 
over the years our domestic coal supply has not been up to that percentage that we require. We 
require about 30% in our mix as domestic coal which keeps our costs down, but we have not 
been getting more than 2% or 3%, some quarters, absolutely nothing. So, when we look at our 
current purchase price cost with the RE power as of now whatever options we have looked at, it 
is economically lucrative as well. 
Saket Reddy: 
And last question. What is the guidance on debt? We have reduced it by more than 50%. I think 
we have taken it in FY21. Any plans to be debt free again or do we plan to raise some more 
debt? 
Sandeep Modi: 
If you see our net debt levels, we are already debt free. We have NCD of Rs. 2800 crore so which 
will be paid as per the schedule maturity. So, Rs. 700 Crore will be paid in September ‘22 and 
remaining Rs. 2100 in September ’23. So, there is no plan on taking any new loan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take the last question from the line of Vishal Chandak 
from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Chandak: 
My question was with regards to the merger with Zinc International again. You mentioned that 
there are a lot of possible synergies if these two entities merge. But what I was trying to 
understand that, is there really a talk going on? Is there a possibility in the current year, next year 
for the merger or we are just envisaging that if this happens then there would be a lot of synergy? 
Arun Misra: 
So, as far as what is happening now is we have done our homework and understanding the 
properties, resources, how to upgrade them, what would be the project plan. Because current 
status of Zinc International is somewhat like what Hindustan Zinc was at the time of first 
disinvestment. So, how do we bring it up to speed the way Hindustan Zinc is now, that will be 
one value addition #1. And with our experience, we feel that we can do that a bit better. 
And #2 when and how it will happen, of course, this takes a lot of approvals, which are in 
progress. And whenever it happens, we can let you know. But also that does not stop us from 
thinking, growing, our numbers here in India as well. Our entire game plan was, once we crossed 
1 million tonnes we should start our project thinking for 1.35 million tonnes and once we go past 
1.2 million tonnes, we should start project work of 1.5 million tonnes in India. In the meantime 
work on at least 0.5 to 1 million tonne capacity abroad, which will be maybe Zinc International 
provided everything goes through. 
Vishal Chandak: 
My last question was with regard to your guidance. The guidance that you have given for FY23, 
in terms of volumes, how much of that takes into consideration that the fumer would get 
commissioned by the end of Q1. And what is the fumer contribution in that volume. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
April 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
Arun Misra: 
Fumer contribution as far as this number is concerned important contribution is in terms of silver. 
If you look at zinc contribution, this is marginal. Silver contribution would be about 30 tonnes 
in the year, if I get two quarters, then it will be about 15 tonnes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
Ms. Shweta Arora for closing remarks. Thank you. And over to you ma’am. 
Shweta Arora: 
With this, we close today's earnings call. For any follow up questions or clarifications on the 
result please feel free to reach out to Investor Relations Team. Thanks for joining. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Hindustan Zinc that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
