Tatva
Chintan
Pharma
Chem
Limited
(Formerly
known
as
Tatva
Chin
tan
Pharma
Chem
Private
Limited)
(CIN :L24232GJ1996PLC029894)
TATVACHINTAN
®
Date:
28 April 2022
To,
The
General
Manager,
Corporate
relationship
department,
BSE
Limited
Phiroze
Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal
Street, Fort,
Mumbai-400
001
Scrip
Code:
543321
Subject:
Transcript
of Earnings
Call
Dear
Sir/Madam,
Ref
No:
TCPCL/SEC/2022-23/00017
The
Manager,
Listing department,
National
Stock
Exchange of India
Limited
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G,
Bandra-Kurla,
Complex Bandra(E),
Mumbai-400
051
Scrip Symbol:
TATVA
Pursuant
to Regulation
30
of
SEBI
(Listing Obligations
and
Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations,
2015
as
amended,
please
find
enclosed
herewith
the
transcript
of
the
earnings
call
held
on
25 April 2022
post
announcement
of financial
results
of the Company
for the
quarter
and
year
ended
31
March
2022.
The
above
information
will
also
be
hosted
on
Company's
website
of
at
www.tatvachintan.com.
This
is for
your
information
and
records.
Thanking You,
Your
Faithfully,
For
Tatva
Chintan
Pharma
Chem
Limited
r Nayi
Comp
ny Secretary
and
Compliance
Officer
M.
No.:
A37444
Encl:
As
above
Factory
and
Registered
Office:
Plot
No.
502/17,
G.I.D.C.
Estate,
Ankleshwar
- 393 002,
District:
Bharuch,
Gujarat, India.
SEZ
Unit
: Plot
No.
Z/103/F/1
and
Plot
No.
Z/103/F/2,
SEZ
Area, Part-2, Dahej
- 392
130, District
: Bharuch, Gujarat, India.
DSIR
Approved
R & D
Center:
Plot
No.
353, G.I.D.C., Makarpura, Vadodara
- 390
010, Gujarat, India.
Telephone
No.:
+91
75748
48533
I 34
Fax:
+91
265
263
8533
E-mail:
chintan@tatvachintan.com
Website:
www.tatvachintan.com
L
2304

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call”  
 
April 25, 2022  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
= 
 
 
                  
            
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
MR. CHINTAN SHAH - MANAGING DIRECTOR,  
                                            MR. ASHOK BOTHRA - CFO 
MODERATOR:  
MR. ANSHUMAN GUPTA - INVESTEC CAPITAL 
SERVICES. 
 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
April 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Tatva Chintan Q4 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Investec Capital Services. 
                                                   As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
                                                   I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anshuman Gupta from Investec Capital Services. 
Thank you and over to you. 
Anshuman Gupta: 
Thank you, moderator. And good evening to everyone. On behalf of Investec Capital, I 
welcome you all for Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem's Q4 and full year FY22 earnings call. 
Today, we have senior management team from Tatva represented by Mr. Chintan Shah, 
Managing Director; and Mr. Ashok Bothra, CFO. 
                                                   I will now hand over the call to Mr. Dinesh from Tatva Chintan. Over to you, sir. Thank you. 
Dinesh: 
Thank you, Anshuman. Good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased to welcome you all to our 
Q4FY22 Earning call. Please note that a copy of our disclosures is available on the investor 
section on our website as well as on the stock exchanges. Please do note that anything said on 
this call, which reflects our outlook towards the future or which could be construed as a 
forward-looking statement must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that company faces 
in terms of uncertainty. 
                                                   With that, I would like to hand over the floor to our MD, Mr. Chintan Shah for his opening 
statement. Thank you. 
Chintan Shah: 
Thank you, Dinesh. Good evening to everyone who are present on our fourth quarter and 
year ending earnings call. A warm welcome and thank you for joining us. I trust everyone is 
doing well. With our year end results, coincidently Tatva Chintan is also celebrating its 
birthday today, 25th April 1996 was the day of inauguration of Tatva Chintan's first plant at 
Ankleshwar. Today, we have completed 26 years. 
                                                   I am taking this opportunity to thank the team of Tatva Chintan who have contributed to its 
success and to all its stakeholders. For Tatva Chintan FY21-FY22 has ended with lots of 
good memories and proud achievements. First time we crossed the revenue mark of INR 400 
crore again for the first time we crossed a profit before tax of more than INR 100 crore. Also, 
over exports revenue crossed the mark of INR 300 crore for the first time. And in fact, our 
export 
revenue 
of 
FY22 
has 
exceeded 
the 
total 
revenue 
of 
FY21.                               
Last and most memorable was successfully getting listed on Indian stock exchanges. So, a 
big congratulations to all for making this as one of the most memorable year in Tatva 
Chintan's history.  
As you are aware, we are an integrated niche Specialty Chemical company working in four 
product categories. We are leading manufacturers of Phase Transfer Catalyst with capabilities 
to offer the largest basket of PTC products. These products are used as catalysts in 
manufacturing 
of 
pharma, 
API's, 
flavor 
fragrances, 
agro 
chemicals, 
etc.                               
PTC comprised 23% of revenues during FY22. We have seen a revenue growth of nearly 
20% year-on-year basis. We continue to maintain our leadership position in this area. During 
the past year, we got commercial approval from two well-known MNC customers in pharma 
and agro space each, who will start commercial usage from current year. We expect the 
revenues for PTC segment to grow at a historical pace. 
                                                  Under our second category, we manufacture Structure Directing Agents SDAs, which are 
prebuilding blocks for manufacturing high precision zeolite, which finds application in 
automotive emission control, auto chemicals, continuous flow chemistries, etcetera. We have 
seen a very strong growth of 87% year-on-year in this segment. Large part of our SDA 
demand 
currently 
is 
coming 
from 
auto 
emission 
control 
application.                               
I have explained earlier that the ongoing shortage of semiconductor chips availability is 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
April 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
leading to a subdued demand of SDAs. This is reflected in muted revenue growth of this 
segment during Q4FY22. The ongoing political crisis has further impacted the semiconductor 
availability leading into still further postponement of demands of SDAs into auto emission 
control area. We expect Q1 and Q2 of FY23, will see a weaker demand in SDAs, though the 
underlying demand of SDAs continues to remain very strong. We expect strong demand 
revival upon improvement of semiconductor chip availability. Despite subdued demands for 
the next two quarters, we expect to maintain the business with minor impacts in this segment. 
Despite of the short-term challenges, we are very confident of strong SDA demand growth 
over the next few years. And SDA will continue to be our growth driver for a few years.                               
Now talking on the brighter aspects of SDA business. During the past year, we have got 
formal approval from two large customers. Commercial business with one of these customers 
has been negotiated and supply is to begin from Q2. Commercial business with a second 
customer is under discussion and expected to begin supply from January 2023. Also, we are 
undergoing approval process with yet another important customer for which we expect to 
finish the plant scale trials within 2022. 
                                                  Under our third category, we manufacture Electrolyte Salts, which are used in super capacitor 
batteries, which find application in automobile, electronics and for energy storage devices. 
During FY22, this product category comprises 1.3% of our total revenue. And in absolute 
numbers, 
revenue 
grew 
by 
more 
than 
87% 
year-on-year 
basis.                               
During current year, we got formal approval from a new customer for energy storage device 
application. And we have been already awarded commercial supplier opportunity for 2022. 
We are also into pilot scale approval with one new customer and we have been given 
opportunities to begin initial approval process with another customer recently. Both new 
opportunities are coming from the new products developed in this application area during 
FY22. We are seeing a steady rise in applications getting into commercialization using super 
capacitor batteries and energy storage devices. The application of super caps EV and 
automobile application is gaining traction. Also, the application of energy storage devices in 
renewable energy storage systems is getting into commercialization. We expect multifold 
growth in this segment and a strong application growth is expected over the coming years. 
                                                  Under the fourth category PASC, we manufacture Pharma and Agro Intermediate and 
Specialty Chemicals products. Under this segment, we have seen year-on-year growth of 
12% and revenues have crossed INR 100 crore contributing 23.6% to the revenue. Under this 
segment, one of the products is bought into full screen commercialization and should start 
getting a good volume growth. One more product which was under the approval since 2020 
has now been fully approved by the customer and we are beginning actual commercial supply 
from Q2. We shall see a ramp up of demand in this product over the next two years. Both 
these 
above 
products 
involve 
PTC 
technology 
in 
production.                               
One more product which I already talked about earlier, we have completed development 
work and should be submitting our samples within 3.4 weeks. This product involves our 
zeolite catalyst based continuous flow chemistry application to achieve superior quality. We 
are 
simultaneously 
working 
on 
pilot 
setup 
of 
this 
product 
as 
well.                               
Commercial supplies should take about 18 months' time to materialize. As informed earlier 
about monoglyme, Monoglyme continuous flow development work is completed, equipment 
designing is completed for pilot scale. And now we are finalizing the vendor for equipment 
supply. Plant scale commercialization by this new technique would happen in next financial 
year. Besides these ongoing efforts, we have developed and submitted our plant scale sample 
for a new product into area of metal extractions. We expect the commercial supplies to start 
towards Q4, we are progressing steadily with our development of continuous flow 
application in two products. We have progressed very well with development of a solvent 
into EV battery application area using continuous flow chemistry. We have been recently 
granted opportunities to develop two more products in agro space, which involves continuous 
flow chemistry. We expect a strong growth under PASC product category over the coming 
years. And we are also focusing strongly in development of various products under this 
category using specialized technologies to ensure continuity of growth.  
I am pleased to share that our development team is successfully running pilot scale trials of a 
product in flame retardants category. We would undertake the full-scale plant trials from June 
post 
installation 
of 
the 
necessary 
infrastructure 
at 
the 
Dahej 
SEZ 
plant.                               
We are beginning with one product and gradually intend to develop a portfolio of multiple 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
April 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
products under this category. This is a large product segment, wherein we are focusing on 
high purity and niche application area customers, we shall begin approval of our product with 
customers from June. We intend to report this as a separate product category. 
                                                  Using our electrolysis technology, we are seeing good progress towards achieving ultra-high 
purity levels of products having application into semiconductors and electronic space. We 
have been offered an opportunity by a large MNC customer to take us into approval process 
with these high purity substances. This is an extremely high entry barrier region. With the 
current level of progress in development, we are very confident of meeting with the stringent 
quality requirements in this product. Commercialization can take about 18 to 24 months after 
the initial sample approval. Once successful, we would be the only Indian company in this 
segment and also among the select few companies globally.  
Towards our effort of optimizing green chemistry concept, we have taken a task to reduce 
usage of solvents. In one of our large products, we are ending up with a mix of solvents 
which are difficult to separate. Hence, we are unable to reuse the solvent.                               
Our development team has come up with a unique and brilliant solution enabling us to reuse 
the solvent. We have recently implemented this technique commercially in our Dahej SEZ 
plant. This will enable us to reuse the solvent to the tune of few hundred MTPA. 
                                                  Also in similar direction, yet in another product, we are successful on lab scale to eliminate, 
to completely eliminate the use of solvent and instead make an equally pure product in water 
solution form directly. We are currently discussing with the customer to take up the product 
for requalification due to a major process change. If the customer approves the change, we 
will be able to further reduce solvent consumption by several hundred metric tons. 
                                                   I am immensely pleased to inform you that on together for sustainability platform, we have 
drastically improved our audit score year on year basis from 54% to 78% last year and this 
year we have achieved 87%. This is a matter of pride for Tatva Chintan and it also 
demonstrates our genuine efforts in moving towards sustainable solutions. 
                                                  During the fourth quarter, India was facing the third wave which spread profusely but was not 
as damaging as the previous COVID waves. Its effect on our business has not been much. 
However, the spread of Omicron variant and subsequent lockdowns in China and Winter 
Olympics had an impact on shipping logistics and availability of certain raw materials.                               
Fortunately, we had anticipated this challenge well in time, thereby stocked enough raw 
materials during the end of Q3, which helped us to manage our production in a smooth 
fashion and adhere to customer demands on timely basis. Considering the escalated raw 
material prices even in the fourth quarter, we are thankful to our few customers who were 
mostly absorbed the increasing cost of freight and raw materials in certain cases, which has 
ensured 
that 
we 
could 
operate 
with 
decent 
margins 
during 
the 
quarter.                               
The freight costs rose from 3.7% to 7.6% of revenue year on year basis, fuel cost increased 
from 3% to 6.2% of revenue year on year basis and packaging cost increased from 1.7% to 
3.1% of revenue year on year basis. Despite of these challenges we were able to achieve an 
EBITDA of 23% in Q4 and 27% in FY22. I would like to highlight here, that the impact in 
demand in one product category is offset by subsequent demand in another product category. 
As our products find application in varied end industries across geographies. We continue to 
see good synergies between our products as we are seeing our clients consuming our products 
by the spends of all the good innovations and the great support we have delivered to them 
over the years. Also, please note that SDA is the largest contributor of our EBITDA margins, 
followed by PASC in electrolyte salts, and eventually followed by flame retardants and 
PTCs. So, varying demand in each product will have its impact on the margins for the 
particular quarter.  
For the upcoming year, with new customers additions, and new products getting into 
commercialization, new product category of flame retardants being introduced, we will 
continue to grow at a good rate. Despite the change in product mix that we envisage for next 
year, we shall be able to maintain our EBITDA margins within our historic range for the full 
year. Our approach of being an integrated manufacturer, producing niche specialty chemicals, 
having leadership position across product categories diversified geographically with 79% 
exports as on FY22, focus on green chemistry by using cutting edge technology, in house 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
April 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
R&D facility with 24 employees, including 10 senior level qualified scientists, has helped us 
steadily grow our presence and more importantly, help grow the customers confidence in 
Tatva Chintan, despite the turbulent macro-economic situation of COVID lockdowns and 
geopolitical tensions globally. 
Ongoing capacity expansion of setting up additional facilities at our existing Dahej SEZ and 
expanding our R&D capabilities at Vadodara from the IPO process is running as per schedule 
and we target to commission the facility by Q4FY23. With the increasing cost of construction 
materials & equipment cost, we expect to utilize the anticipated 10% cost overrun and still 
expect to finish the project within the budget.  
Head-count ramp up continues, with total workforce strength of 471, during the fiscal we 
added 35 permanent employees which includes appointment of Chief Technical Officer. 
I want to take a moment and recognize and thank our employees for their unwavering 
commitment and hard work all through the year. 
                                                  With this, I conclude my remarks and now I would like to hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. 
Ashok Bothra to take us through the financial performance.  
Ashok Bothra: 
Thank you, sir. And good evening, everyone. I'll begin by summarizing financial highlights 
for the year gone by.  
During the FY22  
 
Revenue from operations was at ₹ 4,336 million v/s ₹ 3,004 million in FY21, growth of 
44% on y-o-y basis backed by increased capacity utilization and demand. 
 
EBITDA was ₹ 1,171 million v/s ₹ 716 million in FY21, growth of 64% on y-o-y basis 
 
Net Profit was ₹ 959 million v/s ₹ 523 million in FY21, growth of 83% on y-o-y basis 
 
EBIDTA Margin was at 27% in FY22 and 24% in FY21 on account of better product 
mix with increased sale of SDA which is a high margin accretive product category.  
 
PAT Margin was at 22% in FY22 and 17% in FY21 
 
For the full year, PTC constituted 23% of Revenue, SDA was 52%, ES was 1.3% and 
PASC 24%.  
 
During the year, exports stood at ₹ 3,405 million surpassing the entire years revenue of 
FY21. Exports were made to 25+ countries contributing 79% of the revenue.  
During Q4 FY22: 
 
Revenue from operations stood at ₹ 985 million. As explained by Chintan sir in his 
comments, we saw 9% decline in Revenue Q-o-Q basis due to subdued demand of SDA 
during the quarter on account of semi-conductor chip shortage.  
 
EBITDA was at ₹ 223 million and EBIDTA margin at 23%. During the quarter, freight 
prices increased by 2.3% and packing expense by 0.8% coupled with higher raw 
material prices affected EBIDTA margins during the quarter.  
 
PAT was at ₹ 175 million and PAT margin at 18%  
 
During the fourth quarter, PTC constituted 31% of Revenue, SDA was 40%, ES was 
2.3% and PASC 27% and rest was other operating income. 
 
During the quarter, our exports constituted 74% of revenue.  
                                                  Installed reactor capacity was 294 KL and installed assembly line at 27 with the capacity 
utilization of 90% and 64%, respectively during FY22. That concludes my update on 
financial. And now we open the floor for question and answers. 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
April 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Good afternoon. Thanks, Chintan bhai, for taking my question. Few questions from my side. 
First on the SDA. Now we said that Q4 was weak, even Q3 was weak, now we are talking of 
Q1 and Q2 being weak for us. How does the full year look like? Can we do the SDA revenue 
in FY23, equivalent to FY22 or we still believe that for FY23, there will be a good growth 
over FY22 in SDA revenue? That's the first question.  
Chintan Shah: 
Basically, what has happened is underlying demand still continues to remain strong. But 
these geopolitical issues have caused an issue with availability of a specific raw material 
required for semiconductor. This is leading to a further decrease in availability of 
semiconductors for the time being. So, the orders are getting postponed, demand continues to 
remain very robust, but only the offtake of demand is not happening. So as soon as the 
semiconductor availability smoothens out, which we expect to happen by August or 
September of this year, and we expect this demand to again come back. So, this is going to be 
kind of a pent-up demand that should come back because currently people are trying to 
consume their inventory pipelines and not trying to order more material as of now. 
                                                  With all this we expect though Q1 is going to be subdued, Q2 we will see an improvement 
happening from those levels and Q3, Q4, we should see a very strong demand coming back. 
So, we expect to maintain the revenues of SDA what we have done in FY22, without much 
impact on the overall revenue of SDA in the coming financial year. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
So, what we are telling that we will be at a flattish SDA sales in FY23 versus FY22? 
Chintan Shah: 
Exactly, yes. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. And are we prepared for that pent up demand? Are we keeping that much of inventory 
available with us to cater the pent-up demand? We don't have excess capacity at our end, 
right now. 
Chintan Shah: 
So, we continue to produce the SDA and we are piling up on the inventory for that because 
we understand that when the demand comes back, this will come from multiple customers at 
the same time. So, unless and until we have that inventory, we will not be able to cater those 
demands. So, we have now indications from customers to begin certain supplies happening 
from August, but still, you know because of this uncertainty of the semiconductor issue, we 
are projecting that probably Q2 should also remain weak, but things may change if the 
semiconductor availability changes accordingly. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. From the new product pipeline, you just highlighted so many of them. Can you give us 
the timeline for commercial production for all these products in pipeline? And what is the 
anticipated effective use of this products? Because it's means we are talking about is the 
flame retardants and then monoglymes then our PASC. 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes, so see the upcoming products, the flame retardants we are just starting commercial 
production. So, this is a new range of products, which we are about to introduce. And we will 
start the production from mid-June. So, we are expecting certain equipment's to be installed 
at the plant, which we expect to happen, and we can start the plant scale commercial trials. 
                                                  In terms of high purity substances for the electronics and semiconductor applications, we 
expect two years for commercialization period to begin. Here we will not have to invest 
anything major way because we already have an infrastructure. So, these products will be 
produced in using the electrolysis module. So, we have an enough capacity to take care of 
this product except we must invest in what we call is improving the air quality at the plant. 
So, controlling conditions at the plant, must be installed but this is not going to be a big 
expense in any case. 
                                                  In terms of continuous flow chemistry, monoglyme is what we expect first in terms of 
commercialization from next year. The solvent for the EV battery is we are almost through 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
April 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
with the development part of it, we will get into pilot scale approvals from the customers 
probably within September or October of this year. In terms of intermediates, we have one 
intermediate which is now already going into full scale production demand from the 
customer and again potential to double that demand over the next financial year.                               
The second product which we were waiting for an approval, now, the formal approval is in 
place and we begin commercialization of that product from this year. Then, besides the two 
new products which -- two already existing products which we are going on continuous flow 
chemistries, still we are at a mid-stage of development in terms of catalysts development.                               
And the very important product which now we are ready with the process and about to 
submit the samples, here we expect commercialization to begin in next 18 months' time. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. So, what is the capex for all these projects over? Because if I hear it all it is in next 24 
month all these products will be commercialized, due to large part of it will get 
commercialized. We are doing a capex of INR 150 crore in the unit at Dahej. I think this does 
not include all that, right?  
Chintan Shah: 
So, all these chemistries would require, one is your conventional facility, which we are 
already enhancing the capabilities so, that will take care of that. And another thing we require 
is in terms of continuous flow chemistry, so, this would require an investment of about INR 
75 crore over the next two years of time. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. So, basically additionally we will require INR 75 crore and we should be through it, 
most of the product commercial launch, right? 
Chintan Shah: 
Right. Because major part of the expenditure is already being covered during this current 
expansion. So, as and when you have the equipment design ready, and those are the only 
missing points that you need to install otherwise rest of the infrastructure including 
distillation columns or the reactor plants, everything will be in place by November of this 
year. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. And that means if you're launching so many products in simultaneously, we will need 
to plan for a new product sooner than earlier anticipated, right? Earlier we were talking of 3 / 
3.5 years for this plant to fully utilize. With so many product launches, are we planning to 
now develop the units earlier than what we anticipated earlier? 
Chintan Shah: 
That is what logically we will have, we will be compelled to do that probably over the next 
24 months is when we should start doing that capex maybe 18 to 24 months' time. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. And last question before I get back in the queue, can you explain the opportunity in 
the flame retardant, how big that could be? And what is the visibility and what is the capacity 
we are starting with now in the mid-June and what is the kind of opportunity we are looking? 
Because we are calling this out as a separate segment that means we are thinking that this can 
become an independently very big segment in its own. So, what is the anticipation in the 
flame retardant side? 
Chintan Shah: 
Flame retardant is a huge market potential. So, it runs into few billions of dollars, but we are 
specifically targeting very niche segments having applications as high purity flame retardants 
getting into more into the electronics area and into certain specialized electrical applications. 
So, this area, with our existing capacities, we can probably hit up to a revenue, a large 
revenue and this is very scalable. So, this segment can itself become as good as Tatva 
Chintan's revenue as of today. So, this is a product category which can lead into large growth 
prospects. So, there are flame retardants in the category which can be sold at regular quality 
at a reduced price whereas you have the same product going into our niche application area, 
which can fetch you premium. So, this is the area where we are trying to focus and position 
our products into. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
So, what is the current capacity we are starting within flame retardant right now? And is it the 
same process as previously and existing clients can be used for the flame retardant? 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
April 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Chintan Shah: 
No. The existing plant in the upcoming expansion can be used for making this flame 
retardants. Currently, with our existing capacity, before the expansion is completed, 
technically we can produce about 80 to 100 metric tons a month. And with the expansion 
coming up online from December of this year, we can increase this capacity to about 4000 
metric tons to 5000 metric tons per year, so roughly about 400 to 450 metric tons a month. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. And again. 
Moderator: 
Sure. Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question, please press “*” then “1”. The 
next question is from Jason Soans from Ashika Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Jason Soans: 
Yes, sir. Thank you all for taking my question. So, just wanted to know, I mean, you had 
alluded before that, you know, Q2 has been your best quarter, you know, in terms of an 
optimum utilization of the plant. And you will require more capex to bring in more revenues. 
So, just wanted to know, how was the capex, which is slated for November, December? Just 
an update on the capex, as is it on track? 
Chintan Shah: 
Sorry, I didn't get your question. Can you please repeat that? 
Jason Soans: 
Yes, sure. So, sir, I was telling you that, basically, you had mentioned that Q2 was your best 
quarter in this year. And you had mentioned that there is, very limited scope of beating that 
revenue in Q2, that's because of capacity constraints. So just wanted to know this capex, 
which you're planning the INR 1.5 billion, which is at Dahej, what is the update on that? And 
when is it slated to go on stream? 
Chintan Shah: 
So, this capex is running on time, on schedule, And we expect to have this plant available for 
production from December 2022. 
Jason Soans: 
Okay. Sure, sir. And you in the previous participants question, you did mention that now, 
with the heightened geopolitical crisis, you're looking at a flattish SDA sales for FY23. 
Right? 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes. 
Jason Soans: 
So, just wanted some sense from you. Because, you know, SDA has been our main product, 
main growth driver. So, looking at even beyond say, you know, FY24. So, do you look at 
growth being very backhanded from that perspective? I mean, you said the underlying 
demand is very strong. So, how do you look at it, and how do you look at the whole? 
Chintan Shah: 
We continue to expect this segment to grow at the most rapid pace. This is just a small hiccup 
that is on the way because of this unavailability of the key raw materials for the auto industry. 
Once this is through, then we again are back into a very high growth situation with this 
product segment. 
Jason Soans: 
Okay. So, we do look at it as growing at a rapid pace, as well. 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes. 
Jason Soans: 
Sure. So Yes, that completes the question from my end for right now. I'll join back the queue. 
Chintan Shah: 
And again, currently this SDA applications in auto area is mainly going into the BS6 or the 
Euro6 application. So, going forward now, we are going to transition into the BS7 area which 
will again push up the demand. So, this growth rate has to continue in a very robust way that 
is what we are expecting 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Yash Shah from Investec India. Please go ahead. 
Yash Shah: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Sir, my question was regarding flame retardants which is going to be your new 
segment. Can you throw some light what will be the capacity and having said that we'll be 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
April 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
targeting niche application? So, can you be a bit more specific and how is this going to be 
used? 
Chintan Shah: 
Flame retardant are basically added into polymers to give them flame retardant 
characteristics. So, when in the event of fire, it holds up the fire and doesn't let it propagate. 
So, that is the basic application of this flame retardants. And we are specifically targeting the 
area into the electronics application. So, for example, just to give you an overview is when 
you have printed circuit boards, so, these also are polymeric substances and these also 
involve high purity grade of flame retardants applications. So, this is the area where we are 
currently focusing on. There are other commercial applications, for example, in your roofing 
sheets, or even in your electric cables. So, these are the applications where you don't require a 
very high purity grade of this flame retardants, but the electronic area is which commands for 
the high purity application area. So, this is the key segment where we are focusing. So 
primarily, we intend to sell these into the East Asia market, where you have a larger 
consumption of this kind, larger production of this printed circuit boards kind of stuff. 
Yash Shah: 
Got it, sir. And sir, what about the capacity? Have we decided on the capacity? 
Chintan Shah: 
With our new plant, we will have a capacity of producing about 5000 MT of this flame 
retardant. But of course, this is not going to happen overnight, this product, this segment will 
also scale up gradually over the next two to two and a half years to reach that kind of like 
capacity. 
Yash Shah: 
Right. If I'm not wrong, you mentioned the capacity will be commercialized within 18 
months? And that will be? 
Chintan Shah: 
No, we are going to start commercial, we are starting the commercial plant trials from June, 
this June, two months down the line. And immediately after that we will start commercial 
production. But when we start from our existing facility, we will only be able to produce 
about 80 MT per month. So nearly about let us say starting with a capacity of 900 to 1000 
MT a year. And when we have the new plant available from December this capacity 
automatically ramps up to about 5000 MT per year. 
Yash Shah: 
Got it, sir. And sir, my last question, in continuation to the previous participant's question, 
you said that SDA segment will be flattish as compared to the previous year. So, are we able 
to, will you still be able to do revenue in FY22 and off course the INR 550 crore of revenue 
and if yes, which segment will it be recovering from? 
Chintan Shah: 
Right. So, we expect the PTC segment to grow at a normal pace where we have been 
growing at about 20% in that area. The pharma segment where now the commercialization 
has begun on a full-scale commercialization, this is the area where we may expect about 30% 
to 50% of growth. Also, the electrolyte salt segment is where we will see a multifold growth 
maybe four to five times of this year's revenue is what we expect. And then we have this 
addition of flame retardants which will be our new revenue. So yes, indicatively we can still, 
despite a flattish SDAs we expect to grow at a significant rate even in this financial year. 
Yash Shah: 
Got it, sir. If I may squeeze in one last question. Just wanted to understand, how do you 
manage the on quarter-on-quarter basis, how do you manage to increase our gross margin 
levels by approximately 300 basis points and an increase in raw material for this equation? 
Chintan Shah: 
Sorry, absolutely could not understand you. Can you please repeat. 
Yash Shah: 
Can you hear me now. Yes. My question was about the gross margins. If we see quarter on 
quarter, our gross margin has increased by approximately 300 basis points. So, just wanted to 
understand and an increase in pricing scenario, how have you managed to do that, is what my 
question is? 
Chintan Shah: 
So, see basically what is happening is the customers, we have a very good pricing mechanism 
with the customer. So, most of the key customers is where we are able to pass on prices quite 
easily and customers are also happily reciprocating by way of accepting higher prices. And 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
April 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
recently, there is a scenario where we have approached a customer just in this current month 
of April, where certain prices have dropped, and we have approached the customer to reduce 
the prices accordingly. So, it's a vice versa mechanism that works very well. So, we can 
maintain our margins 
more or less in the trajectory what we are doing.                               
And of course, the overall margins get impacted because since SDAs is the highest margin 
among all the four categories. So, with reduced SDAs, of course, our EBITA margins are 
dropping from quarter 2, to quarter 3, to quarter 4. But overall, we are able to maintain in the 
rest of the segments, we are able to maintain our pricing and margins comfortably. So, I 
explained you know, if you see on year-on-year basis, the increase in the shipping cost, 
increase in the fuel cost, and increase in packaging cost has been quite significant. But this 
we have been comfortable in passing on these prices to the customers and it has worked well 
so far. 
Yash Shah: 
All right, sir. Yes. Okay. Thank you, sir. I'll get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vishal Biraia from Max Life Insurance. Please go 
ahead. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Hello, congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, specifically on the margin side. So, my 
question is more on the glyme side, as to  we were trying to reduce the moisture content in 
the glyme. So, where have we reached? And at what stage are we in terms of approvals from 
some of our clients or supply of this glyme? Thank you. 
Chintan Shah: 
All right. So now in glymes, we are undergoing two stage of dehydration to achieve the 
required quality. So, now, we have decided that we go with this current ability to bring the 
product within the required specifications and start approaching customers for approval basis. 
But our eventual target remains to achieve this dehydrated product with a single stage of 
verification, which we are working on. We are very close, we are now hitting in the range of 
about 30 to 35 ppm of moisture, but we need to go down to below 20 ppm. We are not too 
far, and we are working hard in this area. But with two stages of dehydration, we are able to 
meet the customer specifications and now we are deciding that let us first start getting into 
commercial approvals with these customers. And simultaneously in the backdrop we 
continue to work to achieve the desired specifications using a single stage of dehydration. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Okay. Sir, just to understand this better with the two stage of dehydration, you are able to 
meet the 20-ppm requirement. 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Currently you are doing it via two stages. So, you need to get that from two stage to one 
stage, that is the issue. 
Chintan Shah: 
Exactly. Because doing it two stage basically reduces my production capacity by 50% or I 
have to install additional dehydration. So, any stage of purification you typically lose about 
4% to 5% of product along with the water that is going out. So, eventually your final target is 
to achieve these specifications using a single stage dehydration. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Okay. Yes. And how big this market, this glyme market the one that you will be targeting? 
Chintan Shah: 
So, the potential customers with whom we are talking right now, the market is big, I mean the 
overall demand for monoglyme could be anywhere in the range of 15,000 to 18,000 metric 
tons, but the customers which we are focusing right now can easily scale this up to a 3000 to 
4000 metric tons of demand. 
Vishal Biraia: 
3000 tons you can supply, is what you mean? 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes, we can supply. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Okay. So, this will be 3000 tons of the 18,000 tons markets globally? 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
April 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Chintan Shah: 
Right. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Okay. So, you will be basically taking market share and so the market itself is expanding, no 
denying, but you would also be taking market share to some of the existing players? 
Chintan Shah: 
Exactly, yes. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Okay. And then just to get the sense in value terms of million dollars tons of value of this 
18,000 tons of market could you help me with that as well? 
Chintan Shah: 
Basically, it is roughly about product depending on the quality area when you're selling, it 
ranges between $5 to $7 a kg. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Tanmay M from Mirae Asset. Please go ahead. 
Tanmay M: 
Yes. Hi, thanks for the opportunity, sir. So just again a question on SDAs. As you mentioned 
that we'll be seeing a flattish number in FY23. But you also mentioned that you have added 
two customers, the commercialization for one customer will be starting from Q2 and other 
will be starting from Jan 23. But despite that you are guiding for a flattish SDA growth. So, 
any reasons apart from the auto slowdown that you are seeing? 
Chintan Shah: 
Basically, we are going to see a quite low demand of SDAs in Q1 and slightly better demand 
in Q2. But this getting offset and coming to almost the same volume levels in Q3 and Q4 
means very strong demand of SDA is in those two quarters. And when we say a new 
customer introduction typically takes about a year to two, when the customer test you in 
terms of your performance, consistency in your quality and in your logistics aspects.                               
So, this is basically an area where you gradually ramp up your confidence with the customer 
and that also in turn ends up with a ramp up of your volumes going up. So, this is the same 
thing which happened with our three current large customers, where we started with probably 
a very minor volume of their overall demand. And now we are commanding nearly more than 
50% of their demands. So, this happens over a period of two to three years where the 
customer confidence builds up and you start to get a larger volume share.                               
Then, again, the change of source is also an equally risky proposition, right. Because as I 
have always explained, the application is such a sensitive area which is why it is such a high 
entry barrier area. So, when the switch or the change or an addition of a new vendor is 
happening or any kind of change is happening, that is always done quite cautiously. So, the 
ramp up in terms of volume will happen periodically year on year basis where you start to get 
in the larger portion of shares. 
Tanmay M: 
Sure. But, sir, considering I mean Q3 and Q4 both being muted, don't you think I mean, on 
that base, we can see some growth starting Q2 onwards? 
Chintan Shah: 
We already have the orders on hand. This was expected to begin supplies from May of this 
year and now customer has postponed the delivery to July of this year. This is all leading to 
because of the semiconductor uncertainty which is leading all this delays or postponements 
that are happening. For our largest customer also the May schedule has been postponed to 
end of July. So, these kinds of movements are currently happening purely because the 
demand is very strong, also disrupted supply chain is causing this delays or postponements of 
the markets. 
Tanmay M: 
Okay. Because I was just wondering, I mean, if the auto industry will start recovering so, we 
should see sort of pent-up demand for our products as well. So that's what? 
Chintan Shah: 
See, basically Ukraine is supplying a neon gas. So probably almost 70% of the neon gas 
which is required in the semiconductor production is coming out of Ukraine. So, this war 
which began in this February, has dampened the availability of semiconductors. Otherwise, 
we were expecting this strong revival happening from this first quarter to happen. But again, 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
April 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
we are seeing postponements, and this is purely becoming an output of the geopolitical issues 
that are currently going on. 
Tanmay M: 
Sure. And if I understand correctly in FY23 we will be seeing a slight shift in the product 
mix. So, any impact on the margins because of this, we should expect? 
Chintan Shah: 
We expect to maintain margins at Q4 levels, because see, overall, the revenue is going to 
increase, and SDA is going to remain stable. So, theoretically speaking, we expect that Q4 
margin levels. 
Tanmay M: 
Sure, sir. Got it, thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Dhruv Muchhal from HDFC Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Hi, sir, thank you so much. So, just to reconfirm you mentioned Glyme market is about 
18,000 metric tons and we are targeting about 3000 metric tons, is that right? 
Chintan Shah: 
Right, sir. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
And the application I missed it? 
Chintan Shah: 
Once this piloting is done, the first phase we intend to set up a continuous flow capacity with 
3000 metric tons. And currently the customers where we are focusing their demand is higher 
than that, but we understand that over a period of two to three years, we will be able to take 
away almost 50% of their available business. So, therefore we are projecting 3000 metric 
tons. Actual available business with these existing, potential customer is already much larger, 
but we understand that complete switch will never happen in this case. So, we will just take a 
part of that business out of that. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Got it. And so, the application is in pharma or is it in electronics and others? 
Chintan Shah: 
No, see pharma already we are catering. So, pharma application we are already in the range 
of about 1000 metric tons a year, or slightly higher, but this is we specifically are targeting 
the EV segment. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Okay. Because, sir, if I remember correctly, the current line was through the conventional 
route that you, I believe supplied to pharma. 
Chintan Shah: 
That is what we are already doing. That is what we are already doing by the conventional 
synthesis. And now we will move into the continuation of synthesis. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Okay. Where the conventional route does not work and hence -- for EV supplies only the 
conventional, only the continuous route works, is that fair? 
Chintan Shah: 
No, see basically the conventional route also works for the EV application, but in production 
also you have to add one minor purification stage and then you have to go for the dual stage 
of the hydration process to achieve that quality. So, then theoretically, you know, your 
margins get eroded, if you try to do all those things, and try to sell the product. It is better that 
we wait for the continuous flow process to commercially start supplying the EV application 
medium and the logical decision why we took that let us at least get into the queue of 
approval, because that itself is going to take you eight to nine months at least to get a formal 
approval in this. So, for the time being you can always work dual stage of dehydration and 
extra purification to meet the quality, but eventually to make that business really a margin, 
good margin business, then this will happen only when we go through a continuous flow 
chemistry application. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Got it. So, the two stage that you're currently doing is using the conventional route and 
getting the product approved? 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
April 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes. Because producing by conventional itself has a larger raw material usage. So, that is one 
disadvantage and then you have to undergo an additional purification stage at the process. 
And, you have to do dual dehydration process. So that is also an additional cost. Then, we are 
left with very low margins to sell the product, but this we can do it for next eight to nine 
months, but eventually you need the continuous flow application. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Sure, sir. And so, what are the application, specific application in EV of this glyme? 
Chintan Shah: 
So basically, this goes as a mix. So, typically the electrolyte salts let us say LIPF6, LIPF6 
is a solid, which typically is dissolved into a combination of solvents. So, the most 
prominently used is the dimethyl carbonate, but then with dimethyl carbonate they also add a 
few other solvents. So monoglyme is one of those solvents used as a mix combination with 
dimethyl carbonate or other solvents to dissolve the electrolyte salts. So, this becomes the 
part of the electrolyte solution within the Li battery. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Okay. So, this market is already supplied by someone and we are developing our own 
independent process to make this and seek and capture this market? 
Chintan Shah: 
Correct. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Got it. So, the second thing was the flame retardant product that you mentioned. Sir, is there 
any, you know entailing between in the existing product that we do probably the customers or 
probably the RMs that we have that this on the flame retardant, I mean is there some 
integration benefit that we are leveraging on? 
Chintan Shah: 
Basically, one of our multinational customers to whom we are supplying a catalyst, they use 
my catalyst to manufacture the raw material for the flame retardant. So, the catalyst what we 
are supplying is utilized in manufacturing of the flame retardant raw material.                               
So, this is how we became aware of this business and we started talking to the customer. So, 
customer is also wanting a forward integration of what they are making. So, this forward 
integration is what we will do for them, one of the potential customers. So, this is how this 
segment has evolved. So, we have been working on this since last three, four years and now, 
the things have materialized. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
And there is reasonable confidence that in June the commercialization will be done. But, sir, 
how is the production approval process? Because, again, here, it's the electronic application 
where I mean, I think the semiconductor kind of thing where application the approval 
processes are very long. So, how do you think about the approval process, is it the same auto 
cycle where it takes four, five months sets? 
Chintan Shah: 
It should take about four to five months at least from June to get a formal approval in place. 
And this would be a good timing to launch it in June. So, that by November, when you have a 
real plant availability for making these products by that time you are ready with the approval 
from the customers. So, June logically is the best time for us to launch this product. So that 
by November, when you have most of the application approvals in place, then you can really 
ramp up the product. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Okay. I mean, I was wondering from the final approval, for example, for SDA that takes a 
very long time given the application is very specific. 
Chintan Shah: 
Basically, just to give you an idea, this product, typically a customer would consume 
something in few 1000 metric tons a year. Right. So, the last three or four customers, each of 
them will be consuming at least few 1000 metric tons of this product. So, for getting into a 
commercial approval process would also require them to buy few loads of this product, few 
containers of this product running into a couple of 100 metric tons to go into final approvals. 
                                                   And this is what we will be able to make from June to November. Now if any customer 
demanding 50 or 80 metric tons for approval process and this is max what we can provide 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
April 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
from our current plant. So, this is the reason why we are not going with, not waiting till 
November otherwise it will again take you another five or six months.  
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Very helpful. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Archit Joshi from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Archit Joshi: 
Hi, sir, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, a few bits more on the flame retardant side. I 
understand that this is a category of some halogenated products and derivatives and largely 
on the bromination side. 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes, correct. 
Archit Joshi: 
So, just wanted to understand our technical expertise, also knowing the fact that there are 
some very large multinationals who have integration benefits also like Albemarle on the 
bromination side, so how are we looking at this other than what you mentioned earlier, that 
you know, we are forward integrated from our catalyst only to eventually manufacture flame 
retardant. So other than that, have we identified certain supply demand gaps? And other than 
that, if we can also throw some light on the technical expertise or the know how that we have 
in bromination? Thank you. 
Chintan Shah: 
There is, see basically what has happened is a couple of years back, China went into a 
regulation where in certain cases, usage of flame retardants had been made mandatory. So, 
this has pushed up the demand of flame retardants drastically and this has caused a severe 
gap in demand supply. So, this is the reason why we find a good opportunity getting into this.                               
Secondly, there are three large players globally in this area. LANXESS, Albemarle and ICL. 
They will have their own significant benefits in because of their backward integration into the 
raw material as well. Where we bring in value is to offer a consistent high purity of products, 
where the customers are still struggling to get it. So, this again, we are talking of impurity 
profiles of certain metal elements into this product being into low PPM levels. So, like our 
SDA applications, where we are producing substances with very low trace metal impurities, 
the same is the application where we are trying to position ourselves with the flame 
retardants. 
Archit Joshi: 
Prevalence of bromine category this is by volumes one of the largest application areas. So, 
anything on the supply chain side as to how we are going to procure bromine? 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes. So, we are working with a couple of large bromine suppliers in India as well as one 
internationally where we intend to have a tie up with them, tie up in terms of supply 
agreements consistency. Supply agreements are essential because bromine itself is in a 
shortage since last few years. And this is the reason why you need to have a good tie up with 
a couple of bromine producers, and that is what we are currently doing. 
Archit Joshi: 
Right, sir. Sir, one last bit, I think you mentioned it’s a $3 billion market and out of which we 
are you know targeting niche applications within electricals and electronics. Just some broad 
numbers, I mean, how big would this market be, you know, specifically pertaining to any 
numbers on that? 
Chintan Shah: 
This market is also quite large. So, running into a billion dollar plus market segment and we 
just need a small pie out of it, because this our existing new capex will only entail us to 
produce somewhere in the range between 4000 to 5000 metric tons a year. So, this typically 
product costs between $6 to $8 or $9 and this is just the beginning flame retardant what we 
are so like in phase transfer catalyst, how we have a large basket of products, flame 
retardants, the commonly used flame retardant is the entry level product. And then you have 
other complicated products or other high-end chemistries to be involved to further have 
advanced stage of flame intermediate, flame retardants and that is the key area where we will 
eventually focus. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vishal Biraia from Max Life Insurance. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
April 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Vishal Biraia: 
Yes. Sir, my question is again, on the gross margin side. Is there any of the segments that 
show a very sharp improvement in margins or any sharp decline in raw material costs or 
anything of that sort, which helped the sequential improvement in gross margin? 
Chintan Shah: 
No, not really, any major impact, it's just the changing product mix or an independent product 
that being sold slightly higher than something else is causing this 1% or 2% of variation. But 
broadly speaking, there is no question of any kind of reduction in price or in relation to costs 
because everything has increased, right. But we are fortunate enough that customers are 
agreeing to accept the increased pricing and we are able to pass on those prices but more or 
less speaking, there is no change in individual products in terms of margins. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Okay. And the freight scenario has it improved over the last few months. 
Chintan Shah: 
No. The freight scenario has gone from bad to worse during the last quarter and it continues 
to remain at the worst level, it is good that it is not going from worse to worst. So, it is still at 
those levels, where freight cost is still not coming down. Fortunately, since last couple of 
weeks, availability of containers has kind of slightly improved, but still the destination port 
congestion is a big issue that we are facing, so, we have lots of containers in transit and 
probably today, we have four containers very close to Rotterdam port since last 30 days, but 
not being delivered on the Rotterdam port, and customer is also dying out with want of 
product. So that is the actual scenario that is happening in terms of logistics. So, from here, 
you are able to ship the product probably on time, but then it is not being delivered to the 
customer on time that is the key issue right today. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Okay. And the last question is on the raw material side, a lot of them are imported. So, do we 
have some contracts in with these players, where they have also not been able to increase the 
prices with us and we have got the raw material at the other lower prices and which may have 
a reset in the coming few quarters? 
Chintan Shah: 
Typically, the way we are working on most of the large products is that we do quarterly 
contracts for the raw materials and revise the pricing with the customers on a quarterly basis. 
This works in the best way for even my suppliers and for my customers. So, this is a key 
reason why we are able to sustain these margins for such a turbulent year and still we could 
absorb the increasing price from the suppliers and also pass on the increased price to the 
customer. So, that has worked well for the whole supply chain for us. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Okay. Fair enough, sir. Thank you very much. This is all. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take the last question from the line of Nilesh Jha from 
HDFC. Please go ahead. 
Nilesh Jha: 
Yes. Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my question is on the electrolyte salts. As you 
mentioned that these electrolyte salts you have, the chemistry and technology available with 
you and you are currently manufacturing those in the electrolyte side? Is my understanding 
correct? 
Chintan Shah: 
Correct, sir. 
Nilesh Jha: 
Yes. And sir, for particular electrolyte, there is a specific electrode that one can have right, or 
is it like that you can have the electrolyte for across lithium base any electrode, is it the one-
on-one combination between electrode and electrolyte or one to many relation between 
electrode and electrolyte? Just clarification from your side, sir. 
Chintan Shah: 
No, see, basically Nilesh ji, we are into electrolytes for the super capacitor batteries and 
energy storage batteries. So typically when you say energy storage batteries, these are again, 
lithium-based batteries and non-lithium-based batteries. So, people talk about sodium-based 
batteries or the zinc-based electrolyte batteries. So, we have nowhere into the lithium-based 
side of the battery application. But typically, just to answer your question correctly, so people 
/each company would have its own proprietary combination of electrolyte salts, and also its 
own proprietary mix of solvents or additives that they use to dissolve these salts and make a 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
April 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
unit electrolyte formulation. So, these are all the added and patented technologies, where 
each company will have to come up with its own formulation of the electrolyte which has to 
be different compared to its competitor. So, depending on which electrodes you are using 
your electrolyte could change or keeping the same electrode again, still your electrolyte could 
be different from your competitor. 
Nilesh Jha: 
Okay. Thanks a lot, sir. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. Sir, you may go ahead. 
Chintan Shah: 
On behalf of the management, I thank you everyone. for participating in this earnings call 
and for your continued support. We have tried to address all your queries. However, if we 
have missed out on any of your questions, please feel free to reach out to Mr. Ashok Bothra 
our CFO, or our IR Advisor EY, and we will connect with you offline. Thank you and have a 
great evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Investec Capital Services, that 
concludes this conference. We thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
 
