57, Railway Parallel Road, Kumara Park West, Bengaluru 560 020 
Tel: 91 80 2356 0695 - 97, 2356 1976 - 81 Fax: 91 80 2334 1843 
Registered Office: Pollibetta, 571 215, Kodagu, Karnataka, India 
Corporate Identity Number (CIN): L01131KA1943PLC000833 
Email: investors@tatacoffee.com , Website: www.tatacoffee.com  
April 30, 2022 
1.
The Dy. General Manager
Corporate Relationship Dept.
BSE Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street
MUMBAI - 400 001
Scrip Code No:  532301
2.
The Secretary
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No. C/1, G. Block
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
MUMBAI – 400 051
Scrip symbol: TATACOFFEE
Dear Sirs 
Sub: Transcript of the Analyst call for the financial results for FY 2022 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find attached the Transcript of the Analyst call held on  April 27, 2022 in respect of the 
financial results for the financial year ended March 31, 2022 for your information and records. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: www.tatacoffee.com 
The audio recordings of the Analyst Call is also made available on the Company’s website  
https://tatacoffee.com/sites/default/files/collaterals/investors/analyst_calls/audio-clip-analyst-
call-27042022.mp3  
Please take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
For Tata Coffee Limited 
Anantha Murthy N 
Head – Legal & Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above 

Page 1 of 19 
“Tata Coffee 
Q4 FY22 Result Conference Call” 
April 27, 2022 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. CHACKO PURACKAL THOMAS – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO, 
MR. K. VENKATARAMANAN - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, FINANCE AND CFO,
MODERATOR:
MR. ANIRUDDHA JOSHI - ICICI SECURITIES 

 
Tata Coffee 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Tata Coffee Q4 
FY 22 results Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the Conference Call, please signal 
the operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touch tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Yes, thanks, Lizann. On behalf of ICICI Securities we welcome you all 
to Q4 FY 22 results Conference Call of Tata Coffee Limited. We have 
with us Mr. Chacko Thomas, Managing Director and CEO and Mr. K. 
Venkataramanan, Executive Director, Finance and CFO. Now I hand 
over the call to the management for their initial comments and then 
we will open the floor for Q&A. Thanks and over to you, sir. 
Chacko Thomas: 
Thanks, Aniruddha, good morning, everyone, this is Chacko here, 
thank you for joining in today for report on the performance of the 
last quarter of financial year 22. This quarter, we must remember 
through multiple challenges, you know, some of them on account of 
the slowdown on account of the third wave in the first half of quarter 
four, we had also the impact of weather, global inflation and off late, 
of course, the Russia Ukraine conflict, but we realize that most of 
these threats are here to stay and we've moved on with the 
momentum that we had in quarter four into the new season too. I am 
happy to report that, with the continued focus on all strategic 
priorities and the opportunities that we've had a superior 
performance for the quarter across all divisions. Let me just take you 
through a snapshot of the financials, first for the quarter and first on 
standalone numbers. Standalone revenue from operations was up 4% 
as compared to the same quarter of the previous year, that is INR 227 
crore as opposed to INR 218 crore in the previous quarter, while the 
standalone profit after tax is INR 27 crore as against INR 40 crore of 
the corresponding quarter of the previous year. The operating profit 
for the current quarter is higher than the corresponding quarter in the 
previous year, on last year's PAT figures also included profit from sales 
of an asset of close to over INR 13 crore. On the highlights of the 
business specifically from the instant coffee side, both India and 
Vietnam, excellent performance, where we had peak utilization of all 
our production capacities, we had record sales and these were well 
balanced across the geographies, all regions. 
 
We also had our factories logging in excellent volumes. TCVCL, that is 
the Vietnam plant also as expected we had a record full year 
production. Sales from Vietnam has seen an uptake for the year 

 
Tata Coffee 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
substantially higher than the previous year and I think our efforts in 
increasing more and more premium and, decaffeinated products have 
actually indicated that this a route that we would be taking going 
forward because we have had good experience with that. We also 
managed to drive down costs and I think this is one of the other pillars 
on which we hope to drive performance in this coming year. 
 
We are confident that the extraction business would be able to deliver 
a strong quarter on quarter performance. We continue to fully utilize 
our capacities; on cost we would be extremely frugal and most 
importantly our order books are pretty much full going forward. On 
the plantations, I think while we've completed our coffee and pepper 
harvest, there was some impact on crop on pepper and coffee during 
the early part of the quarter, but, aided by the robust and the buoyant 
prices and some cost initiatives. I think the overall performance of the 
plantations have been quite satisfactory. However, on Tea 
Operations, the performance was affected due to the weather 
conditions and some of the other issues that we are facing with the 
pests,  but going forward we have invested in terms of some of the 
infrastructure and productivity and efficiency improvements in the 
tea business and we do see this really moving up further. 
 
Now moving onto the consolidated results, the consolidated revenue 
from operations for quarter four is INR 656 crore as compared to INR 
591 crore, an increase of 11% driven primarily by improved 
performance at EOC and our other value-added business. The 
consolidated profit after tax is close of 12% compared to the fiscal 
period of last year. We are also happy that, you know, on commitment 
towards quality, environment and health and safety, we were 
conferred with  several awards in the last quarter, including an award 
on safety and also for being the highest exporter in the Madras region. 
So, with this, I would hand over to Venkat who would take you 
through the financial performance of quarter four, over to you Venkat. 
K. Venkataramanan: So just to summarize for the quarter and for the year we had, an 
overall good performance on coffee and pepper plantations, it was 
aided by  improved realizations driven on the back of coffee and 
pepper prices, tea there has been impact, while the prices we have 
been able to maintain fairly well by strategic investments in the 
factories in packaging and also improvement in quality. Overall, due 
to the lower crop the cost of production has been higher, so the tea 
has been impacted and of course, one has to remember that in 2021 
tea had a very, you know, superlative year driven by higher prices. On 
the instant coffee and extraction business, we had a very good quarter 
and the year, though volumes we had some kind of impact due to all 
the logistics issues and, you know, containers and all that, but it was 

 
Tata Coffee 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
sort of well compensated and aided by the better realizations, as well 
as, you know, timely planning of inventories and the rest. So overall 
on the revenue from operations on the standalone for the quarter is 
more or less flat, that's all largely, as I explained, due to slight slowness 
due to logistics issues in terms of exports and last year of the same 
quarter we had one time benefit on sale of land, which is not there in 
the current year so factoring that we did have a fairly good 
performance in the quarter. Overall on the consolidated has been a 
good year, in terms of, you know, for the quarter, with the profit 
before tax going up from INR 79 crore to INR 86 crore during the 
quarter and Eight O Clock also had a good quarter and a good year in 
terms of performance. 
 
So with this, I hand over for questions, thank you very much and just 
to complete, we declared higher dividend at INR 2 per share compared 
to INR 1.50 per share during last year. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Sir, should we open up questions? 
K. Venkataramanan:  Yes. 
Chacko Thomas:  
Yes, please. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question 
and answer session. Anyone wishing to ask a question may please 
press “*” and “1” on your touch tone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press “*” and “2”. 
Participants are requested to use handset while asking a question. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi 
from ICICI Securities, please go ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi:  
Yes, so before the question queue assembles, sir, just one, two 
questions from my side, how do you see basically the coffee prices 
panning out? So, we had a bumper inflation, so now what is the stance 
on the coffee prices that you say for FY 23, that is one question and 
secondly, we have seen that the cost of the consumption has going up 
because of the steep inflation in milk prices also. So for a consumer 
drinking a cup of coffee is becoming slightly expensive with coffee 
price inflation also, plus steep inflation in milk price also. So, does that 
really play a big role in coffee volumes also? Yes. So these are the two 
questions. Thanks. 
K. Venkataramanan:  So on the second part I will try and answer, one is that, see, as you 
remember, our extraction business is more or less akin to FMCG kind 
of play like, you know, because we pack for private label players and 

 
Tata Coffee 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
all that. So obviously some of these inflationary element will get 
passed on over though probably in a staggered manner it gets passed 
on, that is first. Secondly, in terms of coffee demand, we not see even 
in Russia, for example, which has been facing kind of, you know, all 
these conflict issues the demand is intact and we have got a healthy 
order book and in fact our customers are asking for continuing the 
shipments. So coffee demand is intact, either it be in Europe or the 
rest of the world and we don’t see any impact on account of any 
inflationary conditions, so far we have not seen that and we don’t 
hope because, you know, coffee being something is very common and 
widely drinked beverage, that impact is not going to be felt, that's our 
view. 
Aniruddha Joshi:  
But coffee prices can. 
Chacko Thomas:  
On the coffee prices as things stand, yes, there have been a little bit 
of softening of prices, but, would it go back to, you know, 2019-2020 
prices? I certainly feel no. I think the prices will continue to be 
favorable while may not be at the level at which they're at the 
moment going down six months down the line but what you must 
remember here is that at least on Tata Coffee’s front, we are pretty 
well leveraged in case of, you know, forwards, etc. so the impact on 
us would not be as much and definitely there is a good chance that 
this boom that you see of coffee prices not as high or rising as much it 
would definitely continue at least for the next six months and then 
thereafter, you will have the new crop that'll come from Brazil and 
Vietnam, etc., that the impact would be, you know, you'll have to wait 
and see what happens there, but next six months, I don't see a 
problem. 
Aniruddha Joshi:  
Sure, sir, that is helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. A reminder to the participants anyone wishing to ask a 
question may please press “*” and ”1”, the next question is from the 
line of Lokesh Maru from Nippon India, AMC, please go ahead. 
Lokesh Maru:  
Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations, sir on the amazing set 
of results. I have a few basic questions, like one Aniruddha already 
highlighted about coffee prices. So, it seems that until new crops come 
in, until the next six months, coffee prices are here to stay in that 200 
plus range, right? 
Chacko Thomas:  
Yes. 
Lokesh Maru:  
And on top of that, like you have mentioned order books have been 
quite healthy and Vietnam had been operating at a peak capacity, so 

 
Tata Coffee 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
any insights or any outlook for the next fiscal, if there are any 
discussions going on on expanding the capacity, I know, the capacity 
has been quite recent in Vietnam, but anything more that we are 
expecting or expanding in this business? 
Chacko Thomas:  
See on the Vietnam front, there are some levers to be, you know, sort 
of pulled there in terms of extraction of margins, etc. which is 
underway. So we are already operating at around 97% capacity and in 
the current situation we want to look at improving and extracting the 
margins. On India front, yes, as of now, we are not, you know, having 
any firm plans, but obviously we are looking at opportunities whereby 
any kind of bottlenecking of capacities, debottlenecking, some kind of 
expansion, wherever in terms of increased improvement in capacities, 
wherever possible that are some things what we are looking at that. 
Lokesh Maru:  
So, when you spoke growth for us is, like you had highlighted last 
name is one is apricot plantations, within the instant coffee business 
the avenue for growth are maybe debottlenecking like you highlighted 
and within India business, Vietnam stays as is, right? 
Chacko Thomas:  
Yes, Vietnam stays as it is. 
Lokesh Maru:  
Sure, sir, so there are no talks on capacity expansion as such, right? 
That would be a big lever of growth right? 
Chacko Thomas:   
Yes, but we’ll have to look at, you know, there are, you know, see, for 
example, we have different products, for the freeze, for example, we 
are now operating well. 
Moderator:  
Hello, members of the management team, are you able to hear me? 
Aniruddha Joshi:  
Operator, are we able to hear the management or have I lost them? 
Moderator: 
Sir, give me a minute, we have lost the connection for the 
management team. Ladies and gentlemen, the line for the 
management team has dropped off, please stay connected while we 
reconnect the management. Thank you for patiently holding. We now 
have the line for the management reconnected, over to you, sir. 
K. Venkataramanan:  So just to complete, as I said India instant coffee factories are 
concerned we will be looking at wherever possibilities and 
opportunities are there to look at how we improve the capacities. 
Lokesh Maru:  
Sure, sir. So, how much exposure in general do we have to Russia, 
because there are 2-3 things, even their currency had depreciated, so 
for them coffee is like an imported product, so they'll face that import 

 
Tata Coffee 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
inflation thing, right, so anything there, any insights, how much 
exposure we have and how has our experience being on shipping to 
Russia and so on? 
K. Venkataramanan:  So on the Vietnam front, yes, we have our important customers to 
Russia, where there is, you know, slightly higher percentage of export. 
India bit is widely diversified because as you know, we have Spray and 
freeze, so a well diversified kind of market. So far in terms of our 
experience so far on account of Russian exports from the Vietnam 
side, we have not had any major issues. Our exports have been going 
on, there are of course issues around the container freight and 
availability of containers, especially because of the shipping liners, 
kind of operating through certain routes, that is something is there 
and India bit also same issues in terms of, you know, availability of 
shipping lines to take the cargo, so that is, I explained in the initial part 
about slight delay due to logistics issues. 
 
Obviously we are looking at, you know, how do we sort of we are 
hoping that some of these issues are temporary and it'll sort of, you 
know, get normalized over time. 
Chacko Thomas:  
Just to add here, you asked a question about coffee and inflation, etc. 
So, coffee is part of the food stuff category so that still continues to 
have relatively easy access, please note I'm saying it's relatively easy 
access to Russia. The second part is that our association with the 
Russian suppliers is actually with very first class, absolutely, you know, 
strong customers. So we are reasonably confident unless there are 
any other massive changes that happen in this thing. We will have a 
few hiccups here and there, but we are reasonably confident of, you 
know, keeping the Russian opportunity going on. But, from India, of 
course, as Venkat mentioned, there are much more diversified 
portfolio considering the fact that there are all three types of coffees 
that are available, and, we see exciting opportunities and newer 
geographies, which we are now addressing. So, overall the order 
books definitely from both Vietnam and India are pretty good. 
Lokesh Maru:  
Sure, sir. Sir, lastly, on the big story, which was amalgamation with 
Tata Consumer, any insights on that, how long will it take and your 
basically take on the same? 
K. Venkataramanan:  Hello. 
Lokesh Maru:  
Hello. 
K. Venkataramanan:  Are you able to hear? 

 
Tata Coffee 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Lokesh Maru:  
Yes, sir. 
Moderator:  
Can we move onto the next question? 
Chacko Thomas:  
Hello. 
Moderator:  
Yes, Mr. Lokesh Maru, are you done with your questions? 
Lokesh Maru:  
Hello, am I audible? 
K. Venkataramanan:  Yes, now you are audible, Lokesh. 
Lokesh Maru:  
Yes, sir, I was saying basically on the big story, which is amalgamation 
with Tata Consumer, so, first of all, congratulations on that and it's 
been really appreciated that, hello? 
K. Venkataramanan:  Yes, go ahead. 
Lokesh Maru:  
Highly appreciated that actually nothing came out before, you know, 
the release on the exchanges. So that has been fantastic, but, so on 
our amalgamation and our part of, you know, association with Tata 
Consumer, how long will the process take and your insights, basically 
your thought process on the same? 
K. Venkataramanan:  No, we had earlier indicated it would take about 12 to 14 months. So 
that's what the timeline, what we have indicated earlier, which 
stands. We are in the early stages of filing all these going through the 
regulatory process, we are going through that and it will take 
obviously 12 to 14 months, that’s what earlier were indicated, and 
that stands. 
Lokesh Maru:  
You are not anticipating any bottlenecks or roadblocks in the process, 
right? 
Chacko Thomas:  
No, we don't anticipate, but obviously all these approvals have to 
come, so we don’t want to second guess on all these, obviously it's a 
long process, which would take its own time. Like, you know, there's 
a set process for all this, so that'll go on, that's where we are. 
Lokesh Maru:  
Sure, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranjal Garg from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Pranjal Garg:  
Good morning, sir. 
K. Venkataramanan:  Good morning. 

 
Tata Coffee 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Pranjal Garg:  
Sir, can you please talk about the performance of your pepper 
business during the quarter and your view going forward? 
K. Venkataramanan:  Yes, so this year on account of some bad weather which we 
encountered at the beginning of the year and then towards when we 
were actually harvesting, the pepper crop has been lower than what 
we anticipated, but this is much more than made up in terms of the 
prices that we secured for our pepper. So, overall, if you were to look 
at the pepper performance, it is definitely better than the previous 
year. Going forward, you know, the idea is to with the investments 
that we have actually made in the last four or five years, the 
expectations are that the pepper crop would substantially scale up. 
Yes, there will always be some challenge or the other with the 
weather, but weather kept aside, the size of the pepper business it is 
quite possible for it to double or even maybe go two and a half times 
from what it is at the moment. 
Pranjal Garg:  
So we are estimating it to double in the next 3 to 4 years. 
K. Venkataramanan:  Yes. 
Pranjal Garg:  
Okay, and will we be able to sustain our margins? 
K. Venkataramanan:  So it's a good question. I mean, in the sense that pepper again is 
something which is ruled by demand and supply and again, you know, 
pretty much like when we talk about coffee, the big influencers in 
prices is Brazilian drop. So in this case, it's actually what Vietnam and 
lately what Brazil have been doing in terms of, you know, replanting, 
etc. So, it appears, and of course, there was a lot of pepper finding 
itself into India through the gray markets. I think what has also 
happened in the last couple of years, you know, the gray market 
pepper has come down substantially and I think there has been a fairly 
good control over that, which has helped the pepper prices to move 
up from what they were earlier and there are obviously, you know, it 
is dependent also on how the Vietnam crop is going to be in the future 
years, but we do feel by our increased production, better productivity 
that we envisaged, the margins that we are making at present, even if 
the crops of Vietnam and these sort of things goes up, I think our 
margins should be protected if not increased. 
Pranjal Garg:  
Okay, sir, my next question is regarding Eight O Clock, in your previous 
calls you had highlighted that the company introduced Eight O Clock 
on eCommerce in India, so how has been extraction there? 

 
Tata Coffee 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
K. Venkataramanan:  I don't think we have numbers on that, Pranjal, so I suggest that I think 
it should be probably a question which TCVL as part of their portfolio 
can address. 
Pranjal Garg:  
Okay. 
K. Venkataramanan:  Because numbers it is only about couple of months, so, I don't think 
we are probably in a position to share that specifically on Eight O Clock 
e-commerce in India. 
Pranjal Garg:  
Okay. No issues. But apart from the numbers, is the product available 
only on the mainstream e-commerce such as Amazon, Flipkart or we 
have penetrated further into quick delivery? 
K. Venkataramanan:  If I remember it’s only available on the mainstream e-commerce, Yes. 
Pranjal Garg:  
Okay, sir, as you have highlighted that we are operating at the peak 
capacity. 
K. Venkataramanan:  Yes. 
Pranjal Garg:  
And we plan to grow faster going forward as well. So, so are there any 
CapEx plans? 
K. Venkataramanan:  No, immediately we don't have anything which is approved by the 
board etc. on the CapEx plan, but basically we are looking at wherever, 
you know, opportunities are there we are looking at what can be done 
to enhance capacity in whichever manner it is, whether it is 
debottlenecking or trying to get into a new format or new plant. So 
this is all work in progress, in a sense, you know, we are evaluating 
opportunities, but obviously there is no such immediately board 
approved plan for any CapEx for expansion. 
Pranjal Garg:  
So will we be able to sustain the growth with the amount of CapEx and 
the debottlenecking we are looking forward to? 
K. Venkataramanan: Yes, see, just to inform, we invested about INR 24 crore last year. We 
have expanded the acro capacity in Theni, instant coffee plant, we 
invested about INR 23 crore, so that is supposed to increase the 
uptake. As you know we are also supplying Tata Coffee grand to Tata 
Consumer, which is marketed and sold and marketed through them. 
So we are seeing lot of traction in that, we are seeing a lot of 
opportunities there. So we did do that, so obviously these are all the 
opportunity we continue to evaluate wherever such need and 
opportunity is there, we will be doing. 

 
Tata Coffee 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Pranjal Garg:  
Okay, sir, my next question is, as far as I remember to reduce the 
impact of inflation rate cost, we shifted to FOB contracts for a few 
customers. 
K. Venkataramanan:  Yes. 
Pranjal Garg:  
Given the crude oil situation post Ukraine-Russia conflict, we must be 
doing some cost savings on it, so are we able to expand those FOB 
contracts to all our customers or are we facing some challenges? 
K. Venkataramanan:  No, we are not facing challenges. Wherever we have been, in fact, 
some of the customers themselves have also offered to shift to FOB, 
so we have been able to do that. You know, we have been able to do 
that, we don't find any kind of, resistance or difficulties in doing it. 
Pranjal Garg:  
Okay, thank you, sir. 
K. Venkataramanan:  Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Purohit from 
Elara Capital, please go ahead. 
Amit Purohit:  
Thank you for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
Chacko Thomas:  
Yes. 
Amit Purohit:  
Yes, sir. I just want to know on the growth outlook post the merger, 
just wanted to know, is there any leverage or business level benefits 
that you would get and also any color on the focus of our company to 
continue to drive the B2B business? Or will that be taking a backseat? 
Chacko Thomas:  
No, in fact, we had in our stock exchange filings we have clearly sort 
of explained the kind of synergies and the benefits. So that's where it 
is. I know we don't want to comment on that right now, but we have 
kind of given the benefits because just to summarize Tata Consumer 
has some in tea extraction, we have got coffee, there are all these 
synergies possible and definitely extraction is a business of focus, both 
for Tata coffee and Tata Consumer. 
Amit Purohit:  
Sure, just to understand this B2B business, how does it grow from here 
on, I mean, in terms of you indicated that you are entering into new 
markets and then some bit of bottlenecking has been done to expand 
capacity. So would that be sufficient for us to, I mean, and have a 
double digit kind of a growth outlook coming from the B2B business? 

 
Tata Coffee 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Chacko Thomas:  
I'll explain. See what happened was in 2017 we went to Vietnam, we 
have free trade as a category we found that product portfolio growing 
well and we went to Vietnam, which has stabilized and which is doing 
well. Similarly, we also looked at, for eg, Tata Coffee, Tata Consumer 
launched Tata Coffee, Grand coffee as a category is important to Tata 
Consumer and Tata Coffee, so that is another lever which we are the 
kind of looking at and expanding. Apart from that, wherever the other 
opportunities, this market, you know, we continuously evaluate the 
opportunities and based on that, we do the whatever requirement in 
terms of either the debottlenecking the existing capacities, which we 
successfully did over the last couple of years, or looking at even if 
required, all options are open in terms of looking even at a new plant 
whenever required, but obviously as I explained, these are 
continuously being evaluated. 
Amit Purohit:  
Okay, and lastly, just a quick question, because I wanted to 
understand when you enter into a new market there are obviously 
existing customers, so how much time does it take for you to scale up 
in that market? I mean, based on your past experience and also how 
do you kind of mind the existing customer, I mean I just want to 
understand the business a bit better, any qualitative points will be 
appreciated. 
Chacko Thomas:  
Yes, thanks here. So Amit, one of the levers that we will constantly use 
is to actually try and do as much of NPD possible and have within 
repository readymade recipes that some of our customers may need. 
So that's one of the fastest way of actually entering into a particular 
market, but also what happens is it necessarily does not succeed. So 
there is an engagement that happens with certain customers where 
there would be a requirement and the need to tweak it. Now, what 
we are privileged and really lucky to have, not really lucky it’s 
something which we thought about well in advance is to have a pilot 
plant, which we have in Vietnam, which on a very very small scale is 
able to replicate or keep doing permutations and combinations to 
arrive at the specific product that the customer is looking for. So what 
used to be 6 to 8 month or even a longer period runway is now been 
crashed to almost 2 to 3 months. So that's the second part of it, just 
to give also an indication, today almost 60% to 65% of what I sell out 
of India to customers, there have been blends that are developed in 
the last 2 years, that speaks really volumes of what we are trying to 
do in terms of being relevant. 
 
So this is one of the levers that we use. The second is as all marketers 
and sales people would do is the excellent relationships that we have 
maintained, especially during COVID it was even more evident 
because we reached out and made sure that their supplies were there 

 
Tata Coffee 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
on time, I think those are things that people really appreciate. So 
that's just to give you a broad top line kind of a thing of our efforts. 
K. Venkataramanan:  Yes, and also I will add to what Chacko said, that we also got the best 
of all certifications, we are strongly company focused on sustainability 
with the Tata Group, so all these help in terms of entering new market, 
building relationship with the customers and sort of, you know, 
strengthening the same. 
Amit Purohit:  
And we supply largely to supermarket guys, right? 
Chacko Thomas:  
Private labels who go into supermarket, there are roasters who 
actually go directly into smaller chains, etc, so it is a potpourri kind of 
customer and also, you know, we also cater to an interesting market, 
like, Africa, which is an end-to-end kind of supply to them, that means 
you know, including the packing in tins happens here in India, and it's 
shipped in tins to these people, which are brands there, brands who 
actually challenging brands to bigger players in the market, like Nestle 
etc., so we are number two in certain markets, etc. These are things 
which we have developed over many years. 
Amit Purohit:  
Sure. Okay, and lastly, I mean, is the trend towards these because, I 
mean the innovation or the effort that you put on the backend in 
terms of having a product made or new product launches, is that trend 
or structurally has helped, I mean, players, like you were much more 
than the larger players like Nestle and all, is that the trend in terms of 
product innovation, there is any difference in there, their innovation 
pipeline versus our innovation pipeline more from a customer 
perspective? 
Chacko Thomas:  
Amit, there will not be a comparison because we pack for all these 
private limited. 
Amit Purohit:  
I understand, sir. 
Chacko Thomas:  
We do lot of co generation with our customers in terms of plans 
because our strength is the knowledge on the coffee market, 
knowledge on the coffee extraction process and ability to give the 
recipes or blends, which our customers require for onward marketing 
and sales. So that's where it is focused on, but we do have lot of 
customers with whom we work closely in terms of recipes or kind of 
blends customized for the markets. 
Amit Purohit:  
Actually I was trying to say that the velocity of innovation, probably 
for a larger player would be a bit, my assumption is lower to which 

 
Tata Coffee 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
challenger players would be higher to that extent, consumers would 
be preferring the challenger player, or is that the case or? 
Chacko Thomas:  
Yes, so Amit I will just leave it with that session, 60% of what I sell from 
India has been produced, are blends that have been created in the last 
2 years, right? This is a company which has been there for 30 years, I 
mean, I'm talking about the extractions business. So, that's where we 
feel and we need to believe that we'll be able to add value to our 
customers through NPD definitely and of course, certifications and 
relationships, etc. and there are there are many other things like, for 
eg, the kind of beams that you use, so as Venkat said, we know our 
beans, we know the geographies, we know the extraction process 
intimately, so that's what we use and we have a pilot plant, which, you 
know, we can create these blends at the lowest cost possible and at 
fastest turnaround time and we are the only people in the world who 
have this pilot plant. 
Amit Purohit: 
Sure. Thank you so much for answering these questions, sir. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Miraj Shah from Dalal 
and Broacha Stock Broking Private Limited, please go ahead. 
Miraj Shah:  
Yes, thank you for taking my question. I have two questions, first one 
being that for the consolidated results, our full year top line growth 
was somewhere around 5%, while our instant coffee business is 
mentioned that it grew by 20%, so I just wanted to understand where 
our growth lacked due to which our consolidated revenue top line 
came at only 5% and second one was that earlier on one of the other 
questions you explained regarding our pepper business, I missed that, 
but if you could just repeat how the pepper business did throughout 
the use, these two questions. 
Chacko Thomas:  
So let me just start with the pepper question and then I think Venkat 
will take the other question. So, as I mentioned this year was an 
anomaly because of the weather conditions, which created kind of 
drop in the actuals from the expectations in terms of the overall 
pepper crop. But having said that, all the building blocks are absolutely 
in place, this was a one off kind of a thing with consistent wet weather 
through the year, it's extremely unusual and which is not very 
conducive for actually, you know, because you need strong sunshine 
that needs to be there for pepper to really grow. Having said that all 
the building blocks which include the number of pepper wines that 
need to be there, pepper wines that are actually being planted and 
which need to come into maturity, all that point out to a very clear 
route map, which says that we should be able to double our 
production definitely over the next two to three years and maybe 

 
Tata Coffee 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
even go a little higher than what we expect on that because, the actual 
pepper wines are going to be in maturity at that point. 
 
So that's where we see pepper and as I also mentioned, margins will 
continue to be strong in pepper because while pepper is again 
dependent on how pepper crop is in the bigger producing nations, 
etc., but, it's also a function of the total crop that you are harvesting. 
So we do feel that with increased crop that we would be producing 
the margins will continue to be strong and attractive even if the prices 
were to come down, which I do feel prices may not crash to the levels 
which were there, you know, maybe 2 years back, hope I have 
answered the question, Miraj? 
Miraj Shah:  
Yes, got it. 
K. Venkataramanan:  So Miraj the other question you asked on the consolidated front, 
actually, as we said extraction has done well, both in India and 
Vietnam, plantation, tea has not done well as we know there has been 
loss of crop and that has resulted in lower crop and lower turnover 
there. Eight O Clock front has been last year, 2021 of course was a bit 
of, you know, all these COVID, pantry filling and all that, which was 
there, so there the growth was little muted so that's where it is. So I 
would say, you know, except for tea on the consolidated front except 
for tea, the rest of the business did well, but the larger part of turnover 
growth has come from the extraction business. 
Miraj Shah:  
I understood, okay, and can we know what kind of contribution does 
the pepper business give? Is there a breakup for that provided? 
Chacko Thomas:  
I can only say it's high EBITDA business, it's gives about around 30 odd 
percent in terms of EBITDA. 
Miraj Shah:  
Okay. Understood. Thank you for taking my question. 
Chacko Thomas:  
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from 
IIFL, please go ahead. 
Sameer Gupta:  
Hi sir, just two questions from me. I joined a little late, sir, so if you 
have given this already, can you please repeat the coffee prices that 
you normally give out the London terminals and US? 
Chacko Thomas:  
We did speak about it. So at the moment the expectations, of course, 
I'm presuming that you're talking about what would be the 
expectations going forward, right, Sameer? 

 
Tata Coffee 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Sameer Gupta:  
No, during the quarter. 
Chacko Thomas:  
During the quarter it has ranged between 220 to 235 cents, Yes. That’s 
for Arabica, the Robusta was close to about $2000, ranging between 
$1952 to $2050 per ton. 
Sameer Gupta:  
Got it, sir, the other question on Eight O Clock, basically, I am looking 
at consolidated minus standalone, I know it would include Vietnam 
also, but there the margins in terms of gross margin has seen a very 
sharp decline and the coffee prices have more or less been stable, you 
know, versus the previous quarter. So any color on this, and if there is 
an expectation that prices are not going to soften or remain consistent 
at these levels, would this be a fair assumption of the margins also 
going forward that margins also will more or less be around these 
levels and not go back to the 23% to 24% that we have seen? 
Chacko Thomas:  
No, you are comparing for the quarter or for the year on Eight O Clock? 
Sameer Gupta:  
Fourth quarter. 
Chacko Thomas:  
The fourth quarter as such if you look at margins, the actuals have 
been better than the previous year. 
Sameer Gupta:  
Sequentially, I'm saying, sir. 
Chacko Thomas:  
Sequentially is difficult to compare because we have the quarter on 
quarter, it is very difficult, but overall for the year margins have been 
better that is due to, as I explained, in terms of the product mix in 
terms of what they sell through the various channels like kickups or 
private label or the bags business that has improved. And also due to 
the high coffee prices there has been, you know, kind of, price 
realization improvement which has come and of course the tight 
control on cost, all these factors have played. Overall for the year the 
margins have improved, I don't want to comment sequentially 
because it becomes difficult to, you know, look at in that sense. 
There's always some sorting, new customer, all these things will 
happen. 
Sameer Gupta:  
Sure, sir. Uh, just another question then, on Eight O Clock, can you also 
give the volume growth this quarter? 
Chacko Thomas:  
No, I would rather not give up, but definitely there has been some 
improvement in the market share in terms of take ups and all that, but 
I won't be able to give you volumes, Sameer. 
Sameer Gupta:  
No problem, sir, that’s all from me. Thank you. 

 
Tata Coffee 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Chacko Thomas:  
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, we'll be taking the last question that 
is from the line of Vignesh Iyer, an investor. Please go ahead. 
Vignesh Iyer:  
Congratulations, sir on a good -- I just wanted to understand this 
revenue mix in a better way. So can you give an idea of revenue of 
coffee, tea as in the proportion as your total revenue, if I could get an 
understanding. 
Chacko Thomas:  
So ours is a mixed bag, , in a sense, if you are looking at the India 
business, you know, roughly 60% would be extractions, the balance 
would be the coffee and tea, of that coffee and pepper would be 
larger proportion. 
Vignesh Iyer:  
Okay, and can you tell me about this Sri Lanka currently facing crisis, 
right and they have been major exporters of tea, 98% of their total 
production is coming to export, so with this crisis blooming, do we see 
our company gaining some advantage in the market? 
Chacko Thomas:  
Sri Lanka is largely an orthodox producer. So one of the thing to 
remember is that whatever impact would be there would be only 
purely on the orthodox front. India, if you were to see produces only, 
of the total production that we have, I think about 15% is the orthodox 
production, rest is all CTC production. Of this 15%, yes there is an 
opportunity for replacing some of these tea, especially in Russia or 
some of the other orthodox consuming nations, we are also well 
placed, we have an ability to produce close to, almost 30% to 35% of 
our total production can be orthodox, which is what we are 
maximizing at the moment. So, I'm hazarding, I guess that at least for 
the next, you know, couple of quarters, there could be some 
possibility that comes out of this event. But beyond that, I think, it may 
be difficult to really give an answer, I guess. 
Vignesh Iyer:  
Okay, last question, just I wanted to know, there might be some kind 
of deficiency, right? With no exports coming from Sri Lanka, can we 
see some surging tea prices going ahead, roughly, or are we seeing it 
in this quarter? 
Chacko Thomas: 
As I said, the impact will be only on orthodox teas. 
Vignesh Iyer:  
Right. 
Chacko Thomas:  
The CTC tea, which India produces almost close to 85% would see its 
own ups and downs primarily based on production, etc., but yes, on 
orthodox tea, definitely there would be improvement in prices and 

 
Tata Coffee 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
this is something, which I think is already being seen if you were to see 
both Northeast and south India orthodox prices in the auctions, but 
how long, as I said, again, is something which we may not be able to 
predict on the long run. 
Vignesh Iyer:  
Okay, thank you, sir. 
Chacko Thomas:  
Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Aniruddha Joshi for his closing 
comments. 
Aniruddha Joshi:  
Thanks Lizann. Sir, just one last question from my side. Basically, once 
the merger with TCVL will be over, so how will the Tata Coffee will be 
merged, means, will there be any SBU structure or will Tata Coffee as 
a separate unit itself will continue to remain as a segment, how will 
the SBU structure will be? 
K. Venkataramanan:  No, the merger, the announcement has the two parts to it, it’s first a 
demerger of the plantations into a separate, 100% subsidiary of Tata 
Consumer, and the balance parts for the business, which will include 
the extraction, Eight O Clock investments and Tata Coffee, Vietnam, 
etc. will merge into Tata Consumers. So that's the way it'll be. So Tata 
Coffee in the current format won't exist, so that is the way it'll happen, 
first demerger and then merger. 
Moderator:  
I am sorry to interrupt, Aniruddha there’s a lot of disturbance from 
your line. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay, is it better now? 
Moderator:  
A little bit, thank you. 
Aniruddha Joshi:  
Yes. So, the question is Tata Consumer is exiting some of the noncore 
businesses -- so where does it fit in the overall scheme of things, will 
it continue to be a core country at the consolidated level or how it'll 
be? 
K. Venkataramanan:  No, the businesses are core to Tata Consumer, the extraction business 
is core to Tata Consumer, plantation business it will become 
strengthened by, you know, because they already have investments 
in amalgamated plantations in Calcutta and then -- Munnar and this 
of course will be 100% subsidiaries, the demerger of the plantation 
business, so the business remains core to Tata Consumer. 

 
Tata Coffee 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Moderator:  
Sorry to interrupt, Aniruddha, there’s lot of disturbance from your 
line, sir, we’re not able to hear you. 
Aniruddha Joshi:  
Okay, thank you. Sincere thanks to the management for participating 
in the call and patiently answering the investors and analysts' queries.  
Chacko Thomas: 
Thank you, Aniruddha, thank you everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities that 
concludes this Conference Call, we thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
 
