 
CRISIL Limited 
Corporate Identity Number: L67120MH1987PLC042363 
Registered Office: CRISIL House, Central Avenue, Hiranandani Business Park, Powai, Mumbai - 400076.  Phone: +91 22 3342 3000  |  Fax: +91 22 3342 3001 
www.crisil.com 
 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub.: Analyst Call Transcript 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III and Regulation 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosing herewith transcripts of the Analyst Call held 
on Monday, April 25, 2022.The transcripts are also available on Company's website at 
https://www.crisil.com/en/home/investors/analyst-hub.html. 
 
Kindly take this communication on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For CRISIL Limited 
 
Minal Bhosale 
Company Secretary 
ACS 12999 

 
Page 1 of 29 
 
 
 
 
 
CRISIL Analyst Meet 
Conference Call 
April 25, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management:   Ms. Amish Mehta  
Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer – CRISIL Limited 
Mr. Sanjay Chakravarti 
Chief Financial Officer & President – CRISIL Limited 
Mr. Gurpreet Chhatwal  
Managing Director – CRISIL Ratings Limited 
Mr. Andre Cronje 
President and Head International Business – CRISIL Limited 
Mr. Ashish Vora 
President and Business Head, CRISIL India Research, Infrastructure   
Advisory & BIRS - CRISIL Limited 
Ms. Priti Arora  
Business Head – CRISIL Global Analytical Centre &  
Chief Strategy Officer – CRISIL Limited 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 29 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and a warm welcome to the CRISIL Analyst Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference call is being 
recorded. 
Before we start, as a standard disclaimer from CRISIL, we would like to state that 
certain forward-looking statements during our interaction today are based on our 
current understanding of the Company profile and market conditions. These are 
subject to change based on changing policies of the Company and macro 
environment. The Company does not undertake to update the forward-looking 
statements or other information contained in the presentation whether as a result of 
new information, future events or otherwise. As a policy, Company refrains from giving 
specific quantitative guidance on its future performed. Further, in the interest of fair 
disclosures to investors, operational details relating to specific business segments, 
customer contracts will not be possible to be disclosed. 
Let me now handover the call to Ms. Priti Arora – Business Head, CRISIL Global 
Analytical Center and Chief Strategy Officer, CRISIL Limited to commence the 
proceedings. Thank you, and over to you. 
Priti Arora: 
Thank you, Faizan. Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to all 
present who have joined in virtually for the CRISIL Analyst Conference Call. Hope all 
of you are keeping well. 
With a strong focus on growth and sustainability, amidst changing and volatile 
environment in 2021, CRISIL converted uncertainty to possibility and caution to hope. 
We continued with our strong leading position in the ratings and research business in 
India. We also unlocked possibilities through our innovative solutioning by extending 
risk transformation and regulatory offerings for our global clients. Through our ESG 
research, data and insight, we provided actionable intelligence to our clients, and 
contributed to sustainable progress. Using state-of-the-art technology, we launched 
new digital solutions helping clients in strategic decision making in performance 
monitoring and in managing risk. 2021 was yet another year where we strongly led 
with people-first approached by promoting gender inclusion, enhancing skills for our 
people, and nurturing our talent towards being future-ready. Being purpose-led helped 
us deliver strong business results. We believe our work in 2021 will continue to drive 
impact and innovation, create value, and help build sustainability for years to come. 
You will shortly hear from my colleagues and CRISIL leadership team towards this.  

 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 29 
Let me start with introducing the panelists for the CRISIL Analyst Meet today: 
Amish Mehta – Managing Director and CEO, CRISIL Limited., Sanjay Chakravarti – 
President and CFO, CRISIL, Gurpreet Chatwal – Managing Director, CRISIL Ratings 
Limited, Andre Cronje – President and Head of International Business, CRISIL, Ashish 
Vora – President and Business Head, CRISIL India Research Infrastructure Advisory, 
BIRS CRISIL.  
During the course of today's discussion, we will be referring to the analyst deck that 
got uploaded today morning on the exchange and our website. Let me start with 
beginning the proceedings. I’d like to call upon Amish Mehta to present to you 
CRISIL’s 2021 journey of creating possibilities by envisioning the future. Over to you, 
Amish. 
Amish Mehta: 
Thank you, Priti. Good evening, everyone, and a very warm welcome to each one of 
you. I hope you and your family are well and staying safe, and I hope good health to 
everyone. It is my pleasure to address you today after taking over as the Managing 
Director and CEO in October 2021. I would like to start by acknowledging Ashu, my 
predecessor with her many contributions to CRISIL during her tenure and the good 
work that we are continuing to see results, as we launch ourselves in 2022. I’m glad to 
share that during 2021 and the first quarter of 2022, CRISIL’s businesses proved to be 
resilient, and we remain focused on delivering value to all our stakeholders. I’m proud 
to inform that each CRISILite took on the challenge and ensured that we continued to 
grow and innovate.  
Let me start by looking at Slide #4. CRISIL is a leading agile innovative and global 
analytics company driven by its mission of making market function better. It has a very 
strong track record of double-digit revenue growth over the past 10 years, healthy 
EPS growth, robust culture of analytical excellence and innovation, and a global 
footprint. More than 4,200 CRISILites across 11 countries are constantly working to 
ensure that we can empower our clients to take decisions with conviction. 
As I look at the next slide, which is slide #6, just to set the macroeconomics context, 
India's GDP in real terms is expected to grow 7.8% in the current fiscal 2023, but we 
believe the risks are now tilted to the downside. Specifically, the risks now are about 
geopolitics, crude oil, and interest rate hikes, especially in the U.S. and COVID-19 
also remains monitorable. The upside risk to inflation comes from persistently high 
crude oil prices and record high metal prices. We expect consumer prices to rise this 
fiscal as producers will pass on higher costs. The geopolitical situation has changed 
the outlook for global growth with Eurozone expected to be hit the hardest. 
International commodity markets have turned volatile and financial conditions have 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 29 
tightened owing to the risk of sentiment. S&P forecasts global GDP for the calendar 
year 2022 at 3.6%.  
As I move to Slide #7, given this context, we believe that the following will be the key 
trends in 2022. We expect economic growth to continue to moderate given the 
geopolitical uncertainty and another key monitorable is the CAPEX cycle revival. Our 
GDP forecast hinges on government spending to build infrastructure and triggering the 
long delayed private investment cycle. The pandemic and the geopolitical situation will 
lead global corporations to reconfigure their supply chain for business continuity. The 
current geopolitical situation continues to impact inflation, rising interest rates in the 
developed economy, introducing additional volatility and impacting investor appetite in 
global market. We continue to see significant changes in business models led by 
digital transformation, adoption of artificial intelligence and machine learning, and 
sharper focus on addressing credit and non-financial risk by leveraging technology 
and domain expertise. We are seeing significant transformation in automation and 
digitization for our clients and ourselves to drive better customer experience in 
infrastructure, process automation, and information security. The pandemic has made 
a compelling case for corporates, lenders, investors, and policymakers around the 
world to embrace sustainability in decision-making. We expect a continued increase in 
the adoption of sustainable business practices. 
Let me move to Slide #9. With that macro environment, we delivered a strong 
performance amid the disrupted economic environment and pandemic. This was 
possible thanks to our differentiated positioning, global talent pool and portfolio of IP-
led services. While our CFO, Sanjay, will give you details on the financials, I am happy 
to inform that we delivered double-digit revenue growth and robust margins. Growth 
during the year 2021 and in the first quarter of 2022 was led by strong performance 
across our businesses as we strengthened our position as a leading provider of 
ratings, research, benchmark, data, and analytics in the market we operate in. We 
unlocked new opportunities by working closely with clients and providing them with 
innovative solutions. We saw good traction for our core offerings and developed new 
solutions in emerging growth areas such as sustainability and risk transformation. The 
rising demand for skilled talent in niche areas has led to high people cost inflation. 
Given the focus on digital transformation and talent, we continue to make accelerated 
investments in both talent and technology to be competitive and future ready.  
Let me move to Slide #10 and talk a little bit about our customer-centric approach. Our 
focus on customer-centric innovation and solutions remains steadfast, which is why 
we continue to launch best-in-class analytics and innovative solutions addressing the 
niche needs of our clients. This focus on client centricity bore fruit. Our net promoter 
score, which is a client satisfaction score given by existing clients rose, and we also 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 29 
on-boarded many new clients. In ratings, we assigned new ratings to stressed assets 
and structured finance products. We launched new products in credit risk pricing, 
regulatory reporting, industry reports, and climate related benchmarks. We delivered 
risk transformation project for global banks and financial institutions and supported 
clients in meeting their IBOR, FRTB, and CCAR mandates, which are largely driven by 
regulatory requirements.  
Let me move to Slide #11 and talk a little bit around the talent and technology piece, 
which I mentioned a few minutes back. So, in our effort to continue our people-first 
strategy, we launched many initiatives to further this approach. Our global talent pool 
is a key enabler of growth and helps us deliver stakeholder value. We continue to 
make investments in our talent pool through our skilling, developing leadership 
programs, developing the leadership pipeline and keeping pace with market practices 
as we prepare ourselves for the future of work. To continue providing our employees 
with the culture of care and shared values, we launched our diversity, equity, and 
inclusion statement. Our focus on our talent continues to be relentless, and we 
continue to invest in our talent. Along with talent, technology is another key enabler, 
and we are making significant investment in technology to accelerate our growth and 
enhance our digital quotient over the course of this year and going forward. 
As I look at Slide #12 and our commitment to sustainability, this is an important focus 
area for us. We have opted sustainability as a strategic approach with an aim to 
minimize our carbon footprint and protect the ecosphere of the communities we work 
with. We also strive to provide a comprehensive and best-in-class feat of sustainable 
offerings across our businesses, including evaluations, scores, analytics, and services 
along with thought leadership through flagship events and publication. 
A list of the awards that we have won is on Slide #13. We continue to be certified as a 
Great Place to Work for the second year in a row. Some of our products like this 
Scenario Expansion Manager was recognized internationally for modelling innovation. 
We received multiple recognitions for diversity and our CSR efforts are recognized as 
CRISIL Foundation won the CSR Foundation of the Year Award.  
I would like to summarize by saying that we are sitting on a good platform. We’ve had 
a very good year 2021. Our start for 2022 first quarter has been robust, and with the 
strategy that we’ve laid out for ourselves, with talent and the technology as the key 
enabler, I think we are on a journey of driving growth and profitability. With those 
words, let me handover to Sanjay to walk you through the financials. Sanjay, over to 
you. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 29 
Sanjay Chakravarti: Thank you Amish, and good evening, everyone. I am on Slide #15, and as you can 
see there are two sets of graphs there. One is the Q1 2022 as compared to the last 
year’s first quarter and the other one is the full year 2021 compared to last year 2020.  
Let me start with 2021. As Amish said, we had a good year. It showcased the 
resilience, the business model, the talent, and the technology that we’ve been able to 
use to drive the business results and drive the business attitude. We’ve seen healthy 
growth across all three segments in the year 2021. Growth essentially led by our 
research segment, in which, growth has been driven by our global businesses. It is my 
pleasure also to let all of you know that Greenwich, which was an acquisition that we 
made in the first quarter of 2020. Greenwich, for the full year of 2021, has turned 
profitable. Something that we were clear and determined to achieve and we needed to 
do that.  
On the India research side, we’ve also seen good growth, which has been on the back 
of heightened capital market activity and ratings too, as you would note in the later 
slides, has also shown robust growth. 
As far as profitability is concerned for the year 2021, the robust revenue performance 
has driven our profitability growth while at the same time, we’ve continued to keep a 
close eye on operating leverage and cost during the course of the year because 2021, 
as you all would know, also had certain uncertainties on the pandemic side. That 
notwithstanding, our revenue performance has driven profitability growth with pretty 
healthy flow-through that has happened on account of the revenue that we’ve got over 
last year when you compare it with the delta profit that we’ve had over the last year. 
The one point that I would want to point out to all of you, the PAT (Profit After Tax) 
number that you see of Rs. 465.8 crore against Rs. 354.7 crore includes post tax profit 
from the sale of a non-core real estate asset.  
When I move to the first quarter of 2022, the performance traction has continued. We 
have, once again, seen growth across all three segments with Research segment 
delivering growth and leading that growth traction. I would want to point out here, 
though that growth in the Research segment, especially on the global side does have 
a base effect because we had an especially weak quarter 1 last year on the global 
benchmarking business. However, that has turned around and we have seen growth 
getting very well delivered across all our three segments, once again lead by our 
Research segment. When we look at profitability, again profitability with the profit 
achievement that we’ve got in our global businesses, we’ve been able to drive growth 
of profit driven by revenue and by operating leverage into all the three segments that 
we have.  

 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 29 
It would be pertinent to point out here that in the first quarter of last year for the 
Greenwich business, there was a loss. This year’s first quarter has been profitable. 
So, that also has driven the kind of growth that you’ve seen in profits. Again, you will 
note that the revenue growth that has come through in the first quarter has also driven 
profitability growth, once again, giving you a fair idea that we continue to have cast a 
very close eye on operating leverage and cost at the same time when we want to drive 
revenues in all our businesses.  
Before I close the synopsis of the first quarter of this year and the last year, I would 
want to point out that as Amish pointed out, two of our most important pillars of 
business growth and business traction will be talent and technology. We will continue 
to invest in talent and technology, both in the near term and in the mid-term and long 
term, and you will see those numbers coming in both in the near term and in the mid-
term, as also the revenue that these investments will drive.  
With that, if there are any questions, we will take them in the Q&A session. I would 
now like to handover to Gurpreet for a briefing on the Rating segment. 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: Thanks Sanjay, and good evening, everybody. I’ll take you through the segmental 
performance for ratings for Q1 as well as for the last year, which is 2021. As you are 
aware that the revenue pools for the domestic ratings agencies in India is mainly 
determined by the growth of the corporate debt market, as well as the credit growth for 
the bank loan revenues.  
In the corporate bond market, we saw a decline of about 23% in the corporate bond 
issuances in CY21 and also Q1 in 2022, we saw a decline of about 22%. This is 
largely on the back of rising and volatile interest rates that was prevalent for most of 
the last year and YTD. Rising interest rates usually don't augur very well for the bond 
market vis-à-vis bank loans because bond markets price that instantaneously and 
bank loans usually go for the lag. Also, from the bond market perspective, the growth 
outlook for NBFC’s, which is usually one of the larger issuer segments in the bond 
market, was also muted during the last year, which is 2021. So, basically, on an 
overall basis, we witnessed that the number of issuers that tap the corporate bond 
market in 2021 actually dipped by about 26% to 340, and the highest which we saw in 
the last 4-5 years was almost 600+. 
Now, let me move to the next segment, which is also a key determinant up for the 
rating revenues for the industry, which is credit growth by the banking sector. While in 
the credit growth was muted for most of 2021 and the wholesale credit growth actually 
came to sub 3% for most of 2021. You can actually see it from the graph. We 
observed an uptick from December 2021 onwards. We observed actually an uptick in 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 29 
the bank loan ratings for existing, as well as new customers in Q1, and that’s the 
segment, which we are seeing a positive traction going forward. We understand while 
some of these bank loan ratings are migrations of the large corporate bond issuers 
from the bond market to the loan market, but we’re also seeing an uptick in lending in 
the growing infrastructure segment, as well as the increase in working capital 
requirements with the sharp economic rebound we saw in the second half of last year, 
as well as high commodity prices. CRISIL Ratings actually estimates an improved 
banking credit sector growth to be about 11-12% in FY2023 emanating from all 
segments, including large cap.  
If we move to the next slide, this slide talks about one of CRISIL Ratings’ biggest 
strength and focus area that is analytical rigor and quality of our rating portfolio. The 
table shows here that the one-year investment grade default rate averaged over 10 
years, this is something, which SEBI mandates for all rating agencies to publish this 
data. This is for FY2021 and the FY2022 data will be available early May. You would 
see that we have consistently maintained best-in-class default rates across rating 
categories for our rating portfolio, much better than the other rating agencies across 
rating categories. We believe that this is one of the key statistics that lenders and 
investors look very closely at when they evaluate rating agency performance, as well 
as determine the rating agency of their choice. We have been working and are 
working continuously to enhance our early warning framework that helps us in 
targeted surveillance of a portfolio and maintain high rating quality.  
We move to the next slide. Let me take you through the segmental 2021 and Q1 2022 
financial performance. We saw revenue and profitability growth in the ratings segment 
in both these periods emanating from issuer, investor, and banker preference for 
CRISIL Ratings for their borrowing programs. We continued our focus on client 
engagement initiatives and strengthened our leading position in share of voice in the 
Indian media amongst CRA’s based on our thought leadership publications and 
webinars. Global Analytical Centre sustained it’s analytical, surveillance support 
across all practices and continued to drive the data and technology transformation 
agenda at S&P Global Rating services.  
Thank you, and I would like to pass on to my colleague, Andre. 
Andre Cronje: 
Thanks, Gurpreet. On the revenue side for wholesale and CIBs, markets have 
continued to have good revenue growth. It sort of balances itself out. Capital markets 
grew with volatility and uncertainty in the market and enhanced trading revenue. 
On the banking side, it was more (Inaudible) 22.22 and as a result interest rate 
environment and also as a result of the uncertainty in the market, and some of the 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 29 
deals and M&A transactions that were planned were either delayed or postponed, but 
it seems as if revenue towards the end of the year started to recover to pre-pandemic 
levels. Demand for benchmarking and competitive intelligence remained high 
obviously in an environment where banks are continuously searching for growth. 
Capital and balance sheet recovery continues and in a sense the balance sheets of 
the banks are in fairly good shape. ROE is improving and the demand for capabilities 
that we have in GR&RS especially in credit risk and model risk and RWA reduction 
was in high demand. 
On the regulations side, it’s still a very heavy regulatory environment. Evolving 
regulations, ESG, and incorporation of financial reporting has resulted in demand for 
ESG services, which is one of the key strategic pillars that we’re developing at the 
moment in our GR&RS business. Enhanced reporting requirements for derivative 
credit continued and clear derivatives, and then harmonization of regulations between 
the U.S., Europe, and APAC continues. 
Key developments Basel-IV, CRD, ICAAP focus on increased capital requirements. 
Our credit and model risk practices experienced continued demand for services as a 
result of it. Climate risk models and quantification of its potential capital impact present 
new revenue streams for GR&RS. 
For the Indian market, assets under management of the domestic mutual fund industry 
surged further in 2021. This was in backdrop of better market sentiments, digitization, 
and accelerated financialization of savings. The mutual fund assets under 
management have seen steady rise over the past few years. Investments in newer 
financial instruments also continue to pick especially in the alternative space where 
commitments rose sharply during 2021 leading to a need for performance 
benchmarking. In addition, we saw healthy fund-raising activity with many corporates 
and startups accessing the capital market. On the financial sector, credit growth is 
expected to pick up with corporate credit to shift to a higher growth trajectory. Asset 
quality is expected to improve, which augurs well for the overall financial sector. 
Our focus also continues to be on sustainability and green lending, as clients demand 
data, research, and independent opinion on sustainability. There is also material 
opportunity emerging around ESG capability building within some organizations.  
As Sanjay has mentioned for  Research, we did fairly good recovery throughout 2021 
and it’s repeated in Q1 2022, segment profitability up, good margin improvement from 
Q1 2021 to Q1 2022, and that margin is reflective for the year 2020-21, which 
indicates a good recovery, especially in the benchmarking business where we’ve had 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 29 
the acquisition of Greenwich, which initially was a drag, but made good recovery 
throughout the year and towards the end of the year. 
I’ll now hand over to Ashish. 
Ashish Vora: 
Thanks, Andre. Good afternoon, everyone. Just as a point of reference, I’m on Slide 
#26. I’m just going to talk through some of the trends that we're seeing relevant to the 
advisory business. 
The two key themes really being – one is focus on infrastructure and the second is 
around technology adoption, which is creating need for advisory services, analytics, 
and digital solutions. Specifically, on the infrastructure advisory side, what we’re really 
seeing is that there is higher budgeted infra-CAPEX being proposed year-on-year, and 
the areas of focus are roads, ports, logistics, and energy. There is a higher allocation 
under the PLI scheme to give a fillip to the renewables and the sustainability themes, 
and there’s also diversification in long-term funding sources for infrastructure 
investments. The diversification is really coming in the form of green bonds, in the 
form of foreign investments from a long-term perspective, PPD model, asset 
monetization in the setting up of InVITs. In addition to all of this, we’re also seeing an 
increasing emphasis on advisory solutions by clients in India around emerging new 
solutions to help mitigate climate change. 
On the Business Intelligence and Risk Solutions side of the business, we’re really 
seeing a significant demand for integrated credit and risk solutions, and when we say 
integrated, it’s really data, analytics, and customizable workflows to embed 
themselves into a business process. There’s the focus on digitizing client’s internal 
processes to enhance user experience and to get productivity. We’re seeing a lot of 
banks move towards that. Financial services firms are also accelerating their migration 
to the cloud with a preference for implementation like SAS based models. 
Lastly, due to the constantly changing regulations, we’re seeing a big demand for 
platforms related to compliance and regulatory reporting.  
To move on to Slide #27. As you can see, quarter 1 on the income from operations, 
we grew about 10% year-on-year. For full year, we grew about 14% between 2021 
versus 2020 and segmental profits have also grown significantly in the range of 50-
60% depending on the periods that you are comparing. 
The advisory segment saw good momentum with revenue growing at 10% and like I 
mentioned 14% during the quarter ended 2021. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 29 
The infrastructure business, specifically, won mandates from multilaterals and the 
private sector and expanded its overseas client footprint while the BIRS (Business 
Intelligence & Risk Solutions) business traction for its client risk and regulatory 
solutions, reporting solutions and deepened its wallet with existing and our 
international clients.  
I’ll walk you through the risk section after this. A lot of this has been covered in the 
earlier parts of the presentation by Amish and Sanjay, but just to sum it all up or 
summarize it, one of the risks that we’re living with, given the dynamic environment, is 
the current geopolitical environment risk that we live in, which may have implications 
on the global trade, supply chains, and commodity prices and therefore an impact on 
overall economic development. The other risk that we see is that of rising people 
inflation and hence we have formulated implemental policies focused towards 
retention and development of skillsets of people. The third risk that we see is 
associated around currency movement where we do have a sizable amount of 
revenue coming from outside of India and hence this is a key monitorable for us.  
To sum it up, it's really a lot about having a very robust internal mechanism to review 
risks and to be able to evaluate mitigating strategies at regular intervals so that you 
have complete control on the risk environment or complete control on the business 
environment that we operate in with this, this concludes our presentation, and I’m 
going to hand this off to the operator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, everyone. The first question is from the line of Rajesh Mehta from Yes 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Mehta: 
The first question is on domestic rating. We’ve had two strong quarters in terms of 
revenue growth in domestic rating. So, fourth quarter last year, we grew by 16% on 
revenues. This year first quarter we grew by 13.5%. So, when you look at this growth 
in a very muted kind of lending market activity, it really implies significant market share 
gains for us on an incremental basis. So, if you can comment on the market share 
movement of CRISIL in the recent quarter, has it accentuated and is it in the BLR 
market and not in the bond market and what was the reasons? 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: Yes, I think there have been market share gains for us, but that's a continuous 
process since the last 3 or 4 years. I think the movement upward started somewhere 
around after IL&FS default, which we didn’t rate and subsequently a couple of other 
credit cliffs, which we didn’t rate. So, I think that’s how I would want to put it. I think the 
reason we put the slide on default rates, I think that usually many people glance over 
it, but that I think has been playing good in terms of the investors, lenders’ mind, 
people have been conscious in terms of looking at rating agency’s ratings and doing 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 29 
that. So, that’s what I would broadly give a prospective. So, yes, there has been a 
slowdown in the corporate bond segment and bank loans have recently started picking 
up, but yes, I think it's a movement over a period of time, not something, which has 
just happened in two quarters. 
Rajesh Mehta: 
Okay, got it. So, the reason share gains would have come largely in BLR segment? 
Because you spoke about a lot of large corporates migrating to BLR side from the 
bond side. 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: No, that’s a trend. I just tried to give a perspective in terms of the reason why we see 
bond market declining and bank loans picking up. That doesn't necessarily mean in 
terms of how, on a quarter-on-quarter basis, we get our revenues. Revenues, for 
rating agencies if you understand, I’m sure you’ve been backing us for some time, has 
two components; surveillance revenues, which come for business we’ve contracted in 
the past usually a longer period of time. So, I think that is the continuous revenue, and 
that also builds up on quarter-on-quarter based on what happened 18 months back. 
I’m just giving you a product sense, and then you have new revenues, which are 
based on what bonds come to the market at that point in time and who is rating that. I 
think that’s the larger perspective. That aspect I was trying to explain was the larger 
bond market because that everybody tracks, it’s decline and the bank loan growing, 
but yes it has a broader correlation, if you were to look at for a year’s perspective or a 
two years’ perspective. Quarter-on-quarter could be different. 
Rajesh Mehta: 
And how significant is stressed assets rating and securitization rating in terms of 
materiality in the overall domestic rating field. 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: Okay, you asked for stressed and securitization. We don't put these numbers out. It’s 
not very large, but we don’t put exact percentage. 
Rajesh Mehta: 
I had one question on GR&RS business. Just to understand the significant growth that 
you’ve delivered in the recent years better, so from our understanding perspective, 
how should we map this growth in terms of, what were the key underlying factors, 
what kind of spends were done, in which areas or was it the regulatory push that 
drove demand for these services that we offer, and also in terms of competition and 
our right to win, so where do we stand in terms of our key capabilities and our right to 
win in order to get this mandate in delivery? 
Amish Mehta: 
I would say that first of all a couple of areas in GR&RS, so if you were to look at the 
strategic thrust and we call those out in terms of trends, where are the clients 
spending money globally? I think they are spending money on non-financial risk, on 
risk, on digital transformation, they are spending money on sustainability, so I think 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 29 
there are a couple of themes, which are playing out very clearly and I think those are 
themes where they are looking for support on data, on research, on underpinning 
them, on intelligence. I think those are areas where we are seeing demand from our 
clients in addition to the normal areas that we would be working on and during the 
pandemic, of course, the need for services, support outside has continued traction. 
So, we are seeing ongoing requirement for that. In addition to that, there are themes, 
which are playing out, and those are ones, which we called out in my slide on trends. 
We clearly continue to see traction in the business. Of course, there will be some part 
of the business, which will always be muted in terms of growth, and there’ll be other 
parts of the business where we will continue to see opportunity. I think all of you are 
aware in terms of the global research business, sell side versus buy side, I think those 
are two trends, which I'm sure all of you know. So, some parts of the business will see 
muted growth, some parts are seeing higher growth in terms of demand and of course 
there are segments out there where we are seeing more spends from clients, which 
means good for our business. These are some of the areas where you should expect 
traction and growth going forward. 
Rajesh Mehta: 
Okay, thank you. One last question on benchmarking analytics business. So, can you 
give some color in terms of shift in the momentum of business post Greenwich 
integration and turnaround, maybe in terms of the velocity of deal wine, deal size, 
maybe some qualitative comments on wallet share in existing large relationships and 
maybe even in terms of new client addition in terms of where we are or how are we 
improving on these parameters once we have seen the integration of Greenwich? 
Amish Mehta: 
Greenwich has been a part of our strategic journey, and it was more to drive 
benchmarking across the financial services spectrum. So, with Coalition, franchise 
that we have, we were strong on the on the CIB side whereas we wanted to drive 
momentum in terms of benchmarking across the financial services space. Also, 
Coalition is much more quantitative based on numbers whereas Greenwich provided 
us the opportunity to look at qualitative and also add predictive to the qualitative part. 
So, bring the best of quantitative and qualitative, it allowed us to expand into 
segments like investment management and community and commercial banks in 
addition to the CIBs that we had. So, that acquisition of Greenwich was a part of our 
planned strategy to expand in the global benchmarking space. Yes, it happened just 
before the pandemic and we did see same impact in 2020 on our financials, but as we 
integrated the two businesses together, as we have been able to leverage the value of 
the acquisition, clearly, we are able to go with a combined offering to our existing 
clients. We’re able to also expand the customer base. We’ve got completely new set 
of clients on the Greenwich side, which allows us cross-sell on both sides of the 
spectrum, both qualitative and quantitative, so we could go to CIBs and position the 
larger offering and we can go to the non-CIBs, which is asset management companies 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 29 
and the CCBs on some of our other offerings. So, we’ve been able to leverage the 
value out of that acquisition and which is where you see a strong recovery and 
momentum in 2021 where we have been able to get the value come back and the 
value of the offerings. I would say there is potential in this business, and as we bring 
the two together, as we bring the value of the insides together to our clients, as we 
bring the data and intelligence together, I think we should be able to build much more 
predictive capability into our analysis and intelligence, which should allow our clients 
to see value from the offering and allow us to expand our share of wallet from existing 
clients, as well as add new clients to the to the portfolio. So, overall, I would say it's 
been a good journey, we’ve seen a turnaround that is reflected in the numbers for 
2021 post the acquisition that we did in 2020. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kartik Saini from Myriad Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Kartik Saini: 
My question would be around your debt and talent. As you said that you have been 
investing heavily in this segment and as your margins, EBITDA margins have been 
around 26%, the average, if I see the last three years, but this quarter it was around 
30%. I want to understand where you see these margins stabilizing in the long run, 
and also if I look at your fixed assets turnover, which I see has been declining. So, I 
just want to understand your course and how do you see the operating leverage 
playing out? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: First things first, I don't think it will be correct to look at one quarter’s numbers when 
you look at the margins that we’ve earned. It’s always best to look at margins for the 
full year because there are cyclicalities to certain businesses as there are cyclicalities 
to the microenvironment that we operate in. So, when you look at our annual margins 
that we’ve been able to deliver over the last 3 to 4 years, yes, there has been margin 
expansion. We will continue to target growth in margins. As you know, we don't give 
forward guidance, but we are very clear in each of our business segments, we will 
continue to target margin growth, and at this stage, we do believe that every business 
segment and every business in those segments, have headroom to continue to deliver 
margin growth. As far as your second question is concerned, which is fixed asset 
turnover, I don't have the numbers right here in front of me, but the fixed asset 
turnover, if you look at it given the investments that we are making in our business and 
will continue to make, I think you will see some level of nonlinear change in that ratio, 
but ultimately if you were to draw a trend-line, you will find that our fixed asset turnover 
ratio, you will see that growing also.  

 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 29 
Kartik Saini: 
My second question is that you’ve hired around 1,200 odd employees that you say are 
new-age and techno conscious so can you share what sort of colleges or universities 
you are targeting for this? 
Anupam Kaura: 
For us these 1,200 people largely represent experienced talent that we’ve hired from 
the market with a combination skill set, in that that they have financial services domain 
and a combination of either quant skills or for that matter technology skills. Yes, some 
bit of trust has definitely happened in terms of hiring from campuses as well. So, for 
campuses, we visited a lot of MCA colleges. We’ve resorted to some unconventional 
sources of hiring as well. We curated the hire and train model as well and of course 
we’ve gone to some of the B-Schools and engineering colleges as well. But, overall, if 
you ask me of the 1,200, I will say only about 15% would have been fresh talent. The 
rest of it is very much lateral talent. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chaitanya Shah from Silverlight 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Chaitanya Shah: 
So, I wanted to understand from the technology part. You are speaking about how 
technology is affecting your business and how you are investing in technology. So, 
just wanted to understand broadly the use of artificial intelligence or machine learning 
or new technologies like block-chain, do you see that as a threat or an advantage to 
your business model, and if you could give the reasons behind how you think about 
this? 
Amish Mehta: 
I would say that we see that as an opportunity, not as a threat clearly in two ways. 
One is for the clients we serve. So, we are looking to help them on some of these 
areas, and also for our own business itself, each of these are an opportunity as we 
look at whether it is AIML or block-chain. We continue to evaluate all the emerging 
technologies, the relevance for us and for our clients and make sure and that’s why I 
think we use the word future-ready because end of the day, any organization, which is 
working with clients and where technology is relevant, we’ll have to start looking at 
that roadmap and see how it is relevant. I think the point, which I would also say that 
we keep looking at the mirror to see if there is any disruption, which will happen 
because of these technologies. So, to that level, it could be a threat, but I think that is 
something, which each organization has to continue to look at. So, that’s how we look 
at it. 
Chaitanya Shah: 
I stay in Mumbai and recently I’ve been seeing billboards of Prestige Estates claiming 
that they are DA1 developers rated by CRISIL. So, I just want to understand is this a 
new product that has been launched, and what is the potential of this particular 
business? 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 29 
Amish Mehta: 
This is an existing product, which has been there. It’s not a new product, it’s been an 
existing product, which has been there for many years. I would say it’s a part of our 
existing portfolio. 
Chaitanya Shah: 
Also, one question I had on the ESG segment. I was reading the annual report of your 
parent, S&P Global and they said that ESG could be more than half a billion-dollar 
opportunity for them in a few years. So, I just want to understand, from CRISIL’s point 
of view, what is your view on this and what is the potential of this business? 
Amish Mehta: 
I would say that there are multiple opportunities one needs to think about and if you 
look at data itself, that’s one part of the opportunity. Then, you have evaluations, you 
have assessments, you have capability, you have consulting. So, there are multiple 
threads, which could be on ESG, and depending on what capabilities you have and 
what areas you choose to operate in, I think the addressable market will get decided. 
So, I would say the market is large, it is evolving, it is growing, and I think it has 
enough for players like us to work on. 
Chaitanya Shah: 
I just had one last question. In your presentation, you mentioned the credentials of 
your Company in the rating business. Is there a similar disclosure that you internally 
have in terms of the Research segment in terms of giving what would be the accuracy 
of the research that you provide, which would demonstrate the credentials of the 
company, do you have a disclosure like that that can be tracked by us? 
Amish Mehta: 
I think it's a good question that you are asking because a lot of clients ask that 
question to me, to be very honest. They say, “Amish you put out forecast, have your 
done back-testing to see whether this is really good or bad and the reasons for that.” 
This is a question, which I am sure my team gets asked in every client discussion we 
have. So, of course, we track our forecast and internally we will look at how good or 
bad, where have we gone right or wrong, what have we done, what assumptions have 
we made, to make sure that we are looking at it closely. The challenge here is nobody 
else puts out anything. So, it’s very difficult to measure it very transparently with 
competitors. In case of ratings, as you know this is an ask, which comes from SEBI. 
All companies have to publish the data, it becomes easier to compare, so that’s 
something to keep in perspective, but I would say internally the team does look at the 
forecast that we put out on the research site and also how are we doing.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devam Modi from ARDEKO. Please 
go ahead. 
Devam Modi: 
So, just wanted to get a sense of what is the rough revenue yield as a percentage of 
total debt rated, and if you could provide a flavor on how one can expect this yield to 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 29 
change over a period of time and the level at which it is right now, would it be one of 
the lower levels or how would be across from a cyclical point? 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: So, let me talk about the rack rates we have what we put at our website. So, basically 
for a corporate bond, the initial rating fee is about 10 basis point for the debt to be 
rated, and for bank loan rating is 4 basis points. I think that’s the rack rate. The yields 
are lower on both sides. So, over a period of time, I think we've seen a little bit of 
movement on the upside over the last few years, but not by a large amount, but yes, 
the yields have improved, I would say this is over the last 3 to 4 years. Going forward, 
I won't be able to give guidance. These numbers don't change very substantially, so if 
you were to ask me does it yo-yo between 10 and 90, it doesn’t. So, it remains at 
similar levels, maybe 5-10% upside or downside because it’s not a very large based 
on customers, but please understand the fact that what gets issued in a quarter can 
have various flavors. You could get a new issuer coming in and he is the first time, so 
he pays higher, it could be an existing issuer who is under a fee cap who actually pays 
nothing. So, it’s a composition of debt, which comes in that quarter, which can make a 
difference in the numbers, but usually you look at over a year period and average it 
out, I think that’s usually comparable year-on-year number. So, I broadly answered 
this way. Hope that makes sense. 
Devam Modi: 
So, just to probe it a little further, when we look at the industry level, we understand 
that the yield is very low, it is below even 1 basis point, sometimes below 0.5 basis 
point, and would that be partially justified by the fact that new bond raisings would be 
sort of at an all-time low plus the fact that a lot of this revenue in the last 2 to 3 years 
might majorly be dominated by surveillance and there would be lack of good paying 
customers bond raising, like a lot of bond raising might be high quality AAA for which it 
will be more predictable rates. Would that be the correct understanding of the industry 
and are you at a point wherein with credit raise or credit environment warming up, you 
should probably see a change in this structure, which has been processing for the last 
2 to 3 years? 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: So, let me argue differently. I get where you are coming from. What I talked about rack 
rates was IRF’s. The surveillances are roughly about half of that. So, now let me 
rephrase it differently. So, there won’t be issuers who issue almost 1 lakh crore debt in 
a year. So, there is a cap. So, whether the issue is 1 lakh or 110 or 90, the 
incremental does not given you anything. So, which is why that explains that basis 
points you are talking about. So, if you are looking at a forward-looking measure and 
how many new issuers come to a market, that's why you see a lot of, and I have 
talked about that too, how many new issuers come to the market will give you a sense 
that they will be proudly more yield accretive than the existing. So, if you have 10-20% 
or 30% growth in the bond market and the new issuers actually decline, you will 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 29 
probably see those kinds of numbers. So, I think that’s a larger perspective. It's 
complicated. Sorry, I can't make it more simple than this, but it’s complicated. So, if 
you were to dig deep into who are the issuers coming and what kind of debt they are 
coming in, are they capped, are they not capped, it’s difficult for us, if we were to draw 
this comparison for the rating agencies, we don’t get answers, which match with their 
numbers, but the basis points which you are talking of, are cognizant of the that in 
India, some very large issuers dominate the bond market. So, if you were to take the 
top 10-15 out and then look at the numbers, I think that will probably give you a little 
bit more predictive, but I’ll just leave it at that. 
Devam Modi: 
Sure, and the rising EBIT margins that we see on the ratings front, would that be 
attributed, I mean, that would be a combination I’m sure of operating leverages 
especially, as well as probably some amount of pricing and probably debt investments 
and all, so how do we see that stabilizing or can we expect it to rise further from even 
current levels, which is already on the higher side? So, if you can just provide some 
flavor on the thought process there. 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: Sorry, we don’t give forward-looking guidance.  
Devam Modi: 
I mean just the current EBIT margin, which has risen, what would be the primary 
factors behind it? Would it be just higher pricing because your EBIT margin growth is a 
little higher than your revenue growth, so would that be because of pricing, or would 
that also be because of operating leverage because of tech investments or things like 
that? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: I think it’s very clear that pricing pressure has not gone away from the business. 
Pricing pressure continues even though we continue to be the issuer preferred rating 
agency, but pricing pressure has not gone away. That’s the nature of the market, 
that’s the nature of the business. What we have been able to do is drive profitability 
partly through market share gains and definitely through operating leverage in the 
business.  
Devam Modi: 
Sure, and if you could give a flavor of the volume growth in Q1 CY22 year-on-year, 
and if possible, volume growth direction with regards to new issuers? 
Amish Mehta: 
We don’t share volume data. 
Sanjay Chakravarti: We don't give out that data, volume. There are two parts to it. Firstly, no one else 
gives it out, so it won’t be correct for us to give it out on an estimation basis, and we 
don’t give out that data on into the public domain. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 29 
Devam Modi: 
And finally, what would be the rough component of surveillance in our overall revenue, 
and also how do we account for the same in terms that do we account for surveillance 
in the quarter in which it is conducted, or do we smooth it out over the entire year? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: Surveillance is always amortized over the period of surveillance and the initial rating 
fees is accounted for in the quarter in which the contract is done.  
Devam Modi: 
And what would be the rough component of surveillance in the overall fee that we 
have? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: Between surveillance and IRF, it will range between 50-50, it might change in a couple 
of years depending on how surveillance has moved and how IRF has. 
Devam Modi: 
Sir, on the current CY21 revenue, 50% would roughly be surveillance, would that be 
the correct impression? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 2021 surveillance will be higher. 
Devam Modi: 
It would be what 50-55% or what’s the range if you can just mention within a 5% 
band? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: It will upwards of 50%. 
Devam Modi: 
And finally, just wanted to understand what are the key factors driving the margin 
improvement in research business and given that research business obviously is 
coming off a period wherein margins have dipped, what kind of growth and further 
margin improvement can one factor over here in the coming 2-3 years? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: There are three key businesses. One is domestic research, then there is 
benchmarking business, and GR&RS business. Like I said, a part of the growth has 
come out of the fact that the global research segment has turned around because, as 
Amish had earlier mentioned in a question, that we have been able to look at 
strategically moving in non-financial risk and risk services. Second part, the acquisition 
of Greenwich has helped us in driving margins and driving revenue, which has seen 
decent flow-through and finally in 2021, given the buoyancy that we saw in the equity 
market that has also driven our domestic research business through certain products, 
which have higher profit margins than other products in domestic research. 
Devam Modi: 
Sure, just wanted to get a sense that there has been a strong margin improvement, 
which is ongoing and for a long period of time, the margins have actually dipped much 
lower. So, can we expect this improvement to continue and what is driving this 
improvement currently? Is it just more business or is there also better usage of 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 29 
employees because employee cost would have dipped down over here as a 
percentage of total revenues? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: All the three factors are responsible. We have always looked at our cost very closely, 
whether it’s in a bull period or in a bear period. So, that continues. Second of all, our 
strategic pivot onto the risk side has helped, and finally when you look at it, the way 
we have invested, and that investment is going to continue. We will, like I said right at 
the beginning, when I was going through the financials slide, we believe that we have 
the ability to grow our margins in all our businesses and we have the headroom to do 
it and we will continue to target that. 
Amish Mehta: 
I am just going to add to what Sanjay said. First of all, please look at numbers on an 
annual basis, don't look at a quarter, because like Sanjay mentioned, there is 
seasonality in different businesses. So, quarter numbers might not be the best 
representation. It is always good to look at the annual numbers as a trend. Secondly, I 
would say that our endeavor and I mentioned that is to drive growth, drive margin. I 
think we would always look for continuous improvement across all our businesses and 
see how we can get better value, better leverage, operating leverage, and 
continuously drive margins across our businesses. Third, I would say is that we will 
continue to invest in talent and technology, as we need to be future-ready, as we need 
to be competitive, as we look at driving initiatives in areas that we get into from a 
strategic lens. So, a longer-term trajectory will always be good to look at and consider. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Thanvi from Banyan Tree 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
I had two set of questions. One was on the securitization business. So, you said that 
securitization market as such in India has been quite volatile after hitting the peak in 
2018, it has gone nowhere. Any thoughts on the market from a longer-term 
perspective because if you look at the global market that is quite a big market in 
countries like U.S., China, etc. So, how do we look at that market from India 
perspective from next 3-5 years perspective? Second was on the BLR business 
because if you see like in last so many years, there had been a lot of competition and 
the size of the pie has been decreasing because the banks credit itself not growing at 
a healthy rate. Now, what’s the spends on the pricing on the BLR because what we 
have also seen is a lot of BLRs have dropped off as well over the last 5 years. Any 
sense on the competition and pricing on the BLR side because we are seeing some 
uptake in terms of the credit growth itself? These are the two questions that I have. 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: So, I will give my best shot. On securitization, I agree with you. I think it’s a segment of 
the rating business, which IB should be a larger component than what it is. It’s have 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 29 
been volatile I agree with you. Number one, I think the investors have to be 
comfortable. For securitization, you have banks as one of the larger investors, which is 
largely through DA and then there is mutual funds, insurance a little bit on that. So, we 
have a pretty simple securitization market, complicated instruments are and not 
usually liked by the market and also the regulator. So, it's a business where a good 
amount of NBFC’s actually used to sell their assets through this. Two things have 
changed. One, banks have been directly picking up some of those portfolios through 
direct assignments, but that’s part of the securitization business, and the other is that 
because of the pandemic and the performance and the concern about the 
performance of the securitized assets because it's finally owned by a trust, not by a 
bank or NBFC, so what kind of regulatory leverage that was provided during that time 
will be available to them or not. So, that for two years played on the market. With 
hopefully, no pandemic, no waves, anyway I think securitized assets performed 
decently well in the second and third waves. The first wave was sudden. So, the way I 
see, I think this market will expand as we go down the road. For NBFC, it’s a good 
source of new incremental revenues backed by strong assets. The other area, which 
has been keeping us high on is the CDO side. It’s not very well aboard, but what we 
have seen is the recent change in the securitizations guidelines where they are 
allowing the single loan sell downs to happen. It used to be a very buoyant market 
almost a decade back. It hasn't really picked up now, but from a regulatory 
perspective, they have enabled that. So, I also believe and hope, both put together, I 
think that will also pick up in the coming days when the large corporate lending picks 
up. The only restriction between then and now is that you have to hold the assets for 
six months before being securitized. Previously, they used to do it the next day. So, 
we believe that will also pick up. So, I think these are area, but having said that, over 
the next 3-5 years, I think the market will grow, but it won’t still be a fraction of the total 
bond market. So, if that helps, but it’s a pretty strong sustainable revenue source for 
NBFC. I think as they grow, this will also grow. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
And in terms of regulatory side, if you look at global markets, retails assets are also 
allowed to securitize. Any sense on where we are in terms of the regulatory evolution 
in India? 
Amish Mehta: 
So, the securitization in India is largely retail. So, you have almost 99.0% is what retail 
assets will get securitized. The CDO market has not picked up in India, that would be 
the wholesale. Once in a while one instrument happens and that also for a particular 
reason, but otherwise it’s predominantly or almost all of it is retail has a securitization. 
It could be in the form of a direct assignment with the bank, or it could be in the form of 
PTC. So, that will be largely either banks or corporate treasuries or mutual funds. The 
other question was on the BLR business. I think what we saw on the BLR side, the 
reduction in the number of clients, I am talking about the industry level, practically 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 29 
almost half over the last 3-4 years and that’s largely because most of the banks, the 
minimum requirement which the bank initially used to have was about Rs. 10 crores, 
now they have jacked up to about different banks 30-50 crore. I think that is an area, 
which has reduced the number of people because the smaller clients actually didn’t 
require ratings as per the new bank’s internal credit policies. My sense is that almost 
all that’s played out. So, current universe, which we rate is mostly the larger size 
BLR’s. That, I believe, at least our sense is that that will remain, and that’s the current 
market size. What we have seen on the other side is that, yes, as we grow, as our 
economy is at 6.5% real, I think it is favoring credit growth in the country and also for 
the larger segment. So, I think this business will grow on the BLR side. Competition, 
as Sanjay mentioned it, we are a 7-rating agency market, so competition remains 
intact with that. So, that puts the pressure on pricing. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurang Ved from Ved Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Gaurang Ved: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question pertains to a rating segment. My question 
is post-bankruptcy reforms, which were implemented in 2016 and as per the 
experience of other country’s bond market has picked up significantly around 4-5 
years post implementation of IBC, and here we are in India, still as per your 
presentation, that corporate bond issuance is just 3% of GDP. So, can you please 
throw some color, are we at some inflection point for development of bond market or 
still it is some time away and where do you see recovery rate and timeline for 
resolution of NPA’s as going forward in medium term? Thank you very much. 
Gurpreet Chatwal: 
Thanks, Gaurang. I think you picked up from my previous presentation. So, I am also 
refreshing my memory. You are right. I think we’ve seen some of the markets 
significant uptick after about 5 years. I think it’s a great reform. I am not trying to 
criticize any of the reform. I think it’s a pretty strong good reform for the country. It’s 
helping us in many manners. I think if you see all the banks today and look at the large 
corporate portfolio, it's as clean as it gets. I think that’s one of the benefits, which IBC 
has given. One thing we’ll have to also note is that the last two years have been a little 
bit of an issue for not only India, but globally because of the whole pandemic and the 
bit of risk aversion in the lending markets, which came. So, I think we have been 
pushed back by a couple of years because of that and as you are a participant in the 
larger market development of the financial market in the country and so are we, so 
we're hoping that that aspect of IBC and helping grow the bond market will come in, 
but finally let’s look at it differently. IBC’s recovery rates I don't have as of now. I think 
what got published is for the resolved assets. So, we have a couple of publications. I 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 29 
don't have them with me now, but we will get that sent in, we sometime back 
published it. I think because of the pandemic and the delay in some of the resolution 
of the mid-size and smaller size accounts, I think that’s currently underway. So, our 
sense is that that recovery rate, which gives confidence to the stakeholders, may be a 
year or a couple of years away because finally with a much higher recovery rate, if you 
are a bond market player such as an insurance company, you are not a lender to the 
company, you’re not looking at the security or anything, you are looking at what if it 
defaults or what if it gets lapsed, are you that comfortable when going with the mutual 
funds as well as the insurance companies as well as the other foreign bond players, I 
think we are a couple of years away, but we are progressing in the right direction. We 
have seen some very large assets resolved very well. If you see the large corporate 
portfolio of banks, it’s probably very-very strong today. We need to keep at it and as 
the country push towards resolving mid-size and smaller size assets. Once that 
comfort starts building in, each of the bank, each of the components of the market will 
start changing the loss giving default numbers in their models and once they start 
doing it, I think the bond market will pick up. So, I don't have a straight and simple 
answer for you. Yes, the metric was 5 years and I remember we have also very 
closely tracked it with U.K., as well as Malaysia, but India the time we introduced and 
the time we are now, there are few hiccups, which came in through pandemic and 
delay and everything, but we are in the right direction. 
Gaurang Ved: 
Thank you, Mr. Chatwal. That was quite helpful. My other question pertains to other 
income. So, the year before, which was 2020, there was Other Income of around 27.5 
crore as export incentives, which was not there last year. So, would appreciate if you 
can throw some color why it was not there last year. So, the government has 
discontinued the scheme, or can you please throw some color? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: The SEIS, which is the Services Export Incentive Scheme, it was there in 2020, but 
the amount was lesser. In 2021, once again, we got it for the year 2020. It has not 
been notified in 2021, so that number doesn't appear in the current year of 2021. As of 
now, we have not seen any notification of that scheme either coming back or being 
notified in the current year. 
Gaurang Ved: 
So, as of now it’s discontinued, is my understanding correct? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: We don’t know Gaurang if it's been discontinued or not. Typically, it would get notified 
and then we would go ahead and take advantage of the scheme based on our foreign 
exchange earnings. As to whether it will come back or not at this stage, it will be 
difficult for us to comment. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 29 
Gaurang Ved: 
Fair enough. Thanks for clarification and sir just last question, basically it is related to 
Research segment. So, if I look at Greenwich number, so the PBT margin for that 
entity will be around in high single digit. So, I understand very much that we don't give 
guidance, but qualitatively, can the PBT margin of the Greenwich entity, can it over a 
medium to long term reach company level, basically research segment PBT margin or 
is this the fair understanding because I remember that one of the media interview, Ms. 
Ashu Suyash has clearly said that you endeavor as a company will be to reach a 
double-digit PBT margin, which is there for the company segment. So, can you please 
throw some color qualitatively, I am not asking for any specific guidance. 
Sanjay Chakravarti: So, the way we look at the business is an integrated benchmarking business, which is 
with our erstwhile or Coalition business and with the Greenwich business because as 
Amish had mentioned, these two are integrated businesses now, and what we call the 
benchmarking analytics business and to your question, the answer is yes. We do 
target to get the benchmarking business to the segment margins. 
Gaurang Ved: 
Thanks sir. That was quite helpful and just I want to congratulate entire team that I 
was just looking at your annual report speech. So, the number which has been given, 
there are 2,800 new clients added in 2021. That’s an amazing number. It’s almost 
around 20% of client addition.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranav Tendulkar from Rare 
Enterprises. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity. Sir, could you just highlight the global side of the 
ratings business. How is the opportunity there because if we back calculate for the last 
4 years, this is growing much faster than India ratings? That is question number one. 
Amish Mehta: 
I am not sure whether that is correct, but I would say that the global business that we 
have on the Global Analytical Centre, which supports the S&P Global ratings, there we 
have been able to add new areas in terms of support like ESG and with the pandemic, 
the requirement of analytical surveillance has gone up. Event driven reviews have 
gone up. So, I think we have been able to increase and expand all that we do for S&P 
Ratings and also on other areas of interest, which are there, which has continued to 
drive growth. I think on the ratings side, as you know, there were years post IL&FS 
where things were very different from a ratings industry perspective and those 
numbers are visible to all. So, I think you have to keep that perspective. I think they 
are two different businesses, and they are driven very differently in terms of areas of 
interest and how those businesses operate. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 25 of 29 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Right. Sir second question is that on the ratings volume side, we understand that 
credit growth has bottomed, but could you just highlight, out of our India ratings 
revenue, how much of that is driven by bank and SME ratings and how much of that is 
driven by bonds issuances, rough figures if you could share? 
Amish Mehta: 
So, I don’t think we segregate the two on the ratings side. Sanjay, correct me because 
I don’t think we share information. So, please understand in a company, which might 
have everything, you might agree for a composite amount of ratings to be done. It 
could be a combination of bank loan and bond market. So, I think it will not necessarily 
be right to see it in that light. 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: Let me answer it. We calibrate it. Amish is right. For large issuers when we have a fee 
arrangement, there it’s a flat amount and you have basis points, but it’s very difficult to 
find that out, and also it varies on quarter-to-quarter basis. So, it will be difficult to put 
aside, but the way I think the market largely functions, it’s overall credit growth. That’s 
how we kind of benefit from it. So, it’s not very easy to compare, it changes quarter-to-
quarter, sometimes year-to-year. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Okay, thanks a lot sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anuj Sharma from M3 Investments. 
Please go ahead.  
Anuj Sharma: 
Thank you. My first question was on the regulatory and compliance opportunity. Could 
you just explain, are these opportunities compressed for the next few years or do you 
believe these are long term opportunities, if you exclude the ESG mandate? I’m just 
saying post ESG, we saw sharp mandates coming up and these were compressed, do 
you believe that the mandates are compressed in similar nature, or do you believe 
these regulatory compliance opportunities will keep coming along? 
Andre Cronje: 
The amount of regulations across the global businesses and the specific segment that 
we are quite strong in, which is the big wholesale banks, are certainly not about to 
reduce. I mean it is increasing. There is a raft of regulations coming through and 
financial reporting around ESG, all the other regulations that’s prevalent in terms of 
the rolled out and the protection of the capital base of the banks. So, in that context, 
with the work that we have done up till now and the work that we have started growing 
a niche for ourselves, we are well positioned to capture that, and we don’t see that 
reducing in any shape or form, in short or long.  
Anuj Sharma: 
Thank you. My second question is we have done well by picking up mandates on the 
buy side. Currently, what would be the opportunity or what would be the revenue split 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 26 of 29 
between buy side and sell side and would there be bigger mandates on buy side you 
will be looking upon? 
Andre Cronje: 
The buy side is definitely an opportunity for us because, as you would have noted and 
we have said as well, we have started to be quite focused on this. So, the buy side do 
present an opportunity. It is difficult, at this point in time and as we said numerous 
times in the presentation, we can’t give specific forward guidance, so it’s difficult to say 
exactly what the revenue opportunity is, but you can assume that we will definitely 
have the focus on the buy side going forward.  
Anuj Sharma: 
All right. Could you at least share what is the revenue contribution or the split between 
buy side and sell side as of today? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: We don't give that split in the public domain. 
Anuj Sharma: 
And my last question is, could you just share the pipeline or the addressable 
opportunity in the infrastructure international advisory space? 
Amish Mehta: 
We continue to drive opportunities across emerging markets, in Middle East and in 
South Asia and Africa, I think pandemic did see some slowdown in terms of the 
demand, but as we see the pandemic slowing down everywhere, we are seeing 
discussions across multilateral agencies and different countries to pick up investments 
on infrastructure, which augur well from our advisory practice perspective, but keep in 
perspective that travel restrictions, requirements, so all of that have a bearing on that 
opportunity, but the traction in terms of discussions, in terms of RFP’s is way better 
than what we had maybe last year or the year before last.  
Anuj Sharma: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Preethi RS from UTI AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Preethi RS: 
I wanted to understand a bit on your assessment of how the bond market overall credit 
share in India is expected to pan out. If you see over the last decade, bonds did gain 
market share vis-à-vis the bank credit. So, how do you see this pan out and what 
would be the key drivers that you would look for, for this to improve further? 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: I think the drivers fundamentally, the bond market will have a good amount of 
investment happening from institutions, which are not lenders, so its mutual funds 
have been pretty large players in the bond market space, so are insurance 
companies, bank treasuries to some extent and international treasuries that’s your 
bond market. The bank you would know it’s the Indian banking sector. So, I think the 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 27 of 29 
drivers for both of these are GDP growth rates and so obviously the bank credit is a 
multiple, 1.3, 1.4, 1.6 of the real GDP growth rate. The bond markets are, I would say, 
fundamentally similar, possibly can grow at a slightly higher pace than the bank. A 
smaller base, B I think IBC has a fundamental way of looking at things once you have 
handled on loss giving default, lot of market players are interested in actually lending 
in that space. So, we believe that’s a positive ticker for the bond market and thirdly I 
think if you also look at some of the ways the regulators have given a direction, so if 
you see there is a large corporate framework by RBI where I think they are also talking 
about credit beyond a certain size, both group caps as well as companies who are 
borrowing beyond a certain size, I think they are incentivizing them to actually borrow 
from the bond market rather than the bank loan market, they charge a little bit higher 
capital. SEBI has also put-up framework for an AA and above companies to borrow 
25% from the bond market, so I think these are structural things that play for the bond 
market beyond the normal credit growth, which is there for the Indian economy. So, I 
suspect as we grow and once we grow at 6-7%, I am taking ballpark number, I’m sure 
you guys have a better handle at it, but let’s take 1.4 and 1.5, I think when that bond 
markets would probably grow at higher pace than the bank segment because of the 
IBC and the way some of the regulators are nudging more participation in the bond 
market and you will also see financialization of savings, you see this with the growth in 
the mutual fund portfolios, while a good amount of today is sitting in the G-Sec and the 
state government market, but structurally if you adjust for risk adjusted returns for a 
AA or AAA category, you will probably get better returns investing in corporate bonds. 
So, I think that’s the other incentive, which we believe over a long term will come into 
play. 
Preethi RS: 
So, the recent loss in bond market share, so you would see it more as short lived and 
not necessarily a structural one 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: That’s right. If you are asking the industry growth rate of bond vis-à-vis bank, yes. 
Typically, what we see in a rising interest rate scenario, bond market would tend to 
price the interest rate movement almost instantaneous, which means if you are seeing 
a 20 basis point increase today because of whatever announcement the government 
makes, the next bond is going to be placed at a higher interest rate. The banks when 
they do it, they look at more quarterly kind of phenomenon and they look at what RBI’s 
direction is. So, I think they usually take a while. Reverse happens when you actually 
see a stable or a declining interest rate market. So, suppose we peak at 8% and then 
start going down to 6%, during that time, bonds will price in instantaneously and banks 
will again do that. So, you see with rising interest, bonds lose, everything else 
remaining same, lose some bit of share to the bank and when you are going the other 
way round, you could see a very different situation and bond market actually gaining. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 28 of 29 
Preethi RS: 
Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that was the last question for the day. 
On behalf of CRISIL Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 

 
 
 
Argentina | China | Hong Kong | India | Poland | Singapore | UK | USA 
CRISIL Limited: CRISIL House, Central Avenue, Hiranandani Business Park, Powai, Mumbai – 400076. India 
Phone: + 91 22 3342 3000 | Fax: + 91 22 3342 3001 | www.crisil.com 
 
About CRISIL Limited  
CRISIL is a global analytical company providing ratings, research, and risk and policy advisory services. We are India's 
leading ratings agency. We are also the foremost provider of high-end research to the world's largest banks and leading 
corporations. 
 
CRISIL is majority owned by S&P Global Inc., a leading provider of transparent and independent ratings, benchmarks, 
analytics and data to the capital and commodity markets worldwide. 
 
For more information, visit www.crisil.com  
 
CRISIL Privacy Notice  
CRISIL respects your privacy. We may use your contact information, such as your name, address, and email id to fulfil your request and 
service your account and to provide you with additional information from CRISIL. For further information on CRISIL's privacy policy please 
visit www.crisil.com. 
Last updated: May 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
