  
SEC/17/2022-23 
May 04, 2022 
  
  
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 001, 
Mumbai 400 051. 
Stock Code 
: 532638 
Stock Symbol : SHOPERSTOP 
  
 
  
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call - Q4 FY22 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
the Company had filed letters ref. no. SEC/10/2022-23 dated April, 22, 2022 in respect of the analyst 
/ investors 
conference call and ref. no, SEC/ 15/2022-23 dated April 29, 2022 in respect of Audio Recording of analyst / investors 
conference call, on Friday, April 29, 2022 11:00 a.m IST to discuss the corporate performance for the quarter and 
financial year ended March 31, 2022. 
In respect of the same and as required under Regulation 46, we are pleased to submit herewith the transcript 
of the earnings conference call held on April 29, 2022. The same is simultaneously being made available on the 
website of the Company. 
Kindly take the same on records. 
Thank you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Shoppers Stop Limited 
\ 
Vijay Kumar Gupta 
Vice President- Legal, CS & Compliance Officer 
ACS No: 14545 
  
Encl: aa 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
Registered & Service Office - Umang Tower, 5th Floor, Mindspace, Off. Link Road, Malad (West), Mumbai - 400 064, Maharashtra. 
T + 022 42497000, F + 022 28808877.CIN 
: L5SIS00MH1997PL(108798. E-mail us at customercare@shoppersstop.com 
Toll Free No.:T +-800-49-6648 (9 am to 9 pm).

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
“Shoppers Stop Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Analyst Conference Call” 
April 29, 2022 
  
SHOPPERS STOP 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. VENUGOPAL NAIR — CUSTOMER CARE ASSOCIATE, 
MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER — 
SHOPPERS STOP LIMITED 
MR. KARUNAKARAN MOHANASUNDARAM — CUSTOMER 
CARE 
ASSOCIATE, 
CHIEF 
FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
— 
SHOPPERS STOP LIMITED 
Mr. JAIPRAKASH MAHESHWARI 
— CUSTOMER CARE 
ASSOCIATE, VICE PRESIDENT (FINANCE & ACCOUNTS) 
— SHOPPERS STOP LIMITED 
Page | of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Moderator: 
Mamta Samat: 
Venugopal Nair: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q4 FY2022 Analyst Conference Call of 
Shoppers Stop Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
“*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Mamta 
Samat from Perfect Relations Private Limited. Thank you and over to you Madam! 
Good morning and thank you for joining us on the Shoppers Stop’s Q4 FY2022 Earnings 
Conference Call. Today we have with 
us the senior management represented by Mr. 
Venugopal Nair, Customer Care Associate, Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, 
Mr. Karunakaran Mohanasundaram, Customer Care Associate and Chief Financial Officer 
and Mr. Jaiprakash Maheshwari, Customer Care Associate, 
Vice President Finance & 
Accounts. We will begin the call with the opening remarks from the management after 
which we will have the forum open for the interactive Q&A session. I must remind you that 
the discussion in today’s earnings call may include certain forward looking statements and 
must be viewed therefore in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. Please restrict 
your questions to the quarter and yearly performance and to the strategic questions only. 
Housekeeping questions can be dealt with separately with the IR team. I would now request 
Mr. Venugopal Nair for the opening remarks. Over to you Sir! 
Thank you Mamta. Good morning friends. Thanks 
for joining us today to discuss the 
Shoppers Stop financial results for the Q4 and the full year of fiscal year 2022 that ended on 
March 31, 2022. Along with me, I have our CFO Karuna and Jaiprakash our FPA lead. We 
had shared our Q4 results, the investor deck, and the press release with you, and I am sure 
you 
would have 
gone through 
the 
same. 
I 
will now take you through 
on 
our Q4 
performance, progress on the strategic pillars and the way forward. 
Q4 was the 
story 
of two halves 
due 
to 
the third wave 
of COVID. 
Sales improved 
dramatically in the second half with March being particularly good witnessing double digit 
growth across 
all channels while the most 
of January and half of February had been 
impacted by COVID. Fortunately, the impact on people was almost negligible which helped 
in increasing consumer confidence. I must add that the strong momentum from March has 
continued into April. We had a reasonably strong quarter post COVID and the highlights 
are as below. 
Sales grew by 8% versus last year, but does not convey the strong momentum that we have 
now. To give you the perspective our sales declined by 
14% in January. It grew by 8% in 
February and 40% in March. As you are aware January is the second highest month for us 
and due to the festive and seasonal phase it has a very high sensitivity overall for us. Any 
impact in January is felt over the entire quarter and that is what happened camouflaging our 
Page 2 of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
growth and impacting the profitability for Q4. To illustrate this in numbers we would have 
had a 28% growth in Q4 sales if January sales had been the same as last year. Our ASP that 
is 
the average 
selling price 
and 
the average transaction value grew 
by 
17% 
further 
substantiating the strong consumer demand, particularly in the premium and bridge 
to 
luxury categories that outperform during the quarter. Our digital sales continue to be robust 
with a growth of 5% on a significantly higher base. For the full year, our digital sales grew 
by 60%. In my last speech, I had spoken about wardrobe reboot. Customers making choice 
on apparel or assortment of clothing wherein they bring the latest taste and preferences. We 
continue 
to curate depending upon the 
seasons. With offices, 
schools and 
social 
life 
opening, we are now witnessing an office reboot which is also the campaign that we ran in 
our stores and online at the end of March and beginning of April. We curate our ranges to 
the latest fashion trends and bring this within our stores and offering the latest trend to our 
customers helping them to build their wardrobe with confidence and feel good is what we 
do and that curation is an important role that we play and we believe the focus and attention 
that we have given to this area is leading to substantial results for us. 
On the operational costs we saved Rs.42 Crores out of which we invested a substantial 
portion for our future investments such as new stores and ecommerce. Before I move on to 
the EBITDA, 
I need 
to 
discuss 
the onetime 
costs 
which 
we 
had 
to 
incur 
and 
that 
significantly impacted our profits for the quarter. We had implemented SAP last year which 
was a massive change in the IT application from the earlier Oracle MMS. This was done in 
June 2020 at the height of COVID and that was the call we took to use that down time to 
make this transition. As you know COVID has surged over the last two years. We have a 
perpetual 
inventory 
control 
system 
called PICS 
and 
we have 
a complete 
inventory 
verification once in a quarter. While PICS was done partially in the earlier quarters due to 
COVID closures and festive seasons, a complete wall to wall inventory check was possible 
only in Q4 of this year. This lead to a significant increase in inventory shortage of Rs.9 
Crores. We have revisited the process, strengthen the same significantly and put a separate 
team in place to monitor this on a weekly and monthly basis to ensure that our PICS process 
continues to be as robust as before. I must call out that this is an area where Shoppers Stop 
has been particularly strong in and over the last many years our shrinkage or PICS has been 
consistently 0.3% or lower and which is what we believe we will be able to achieve going 
forward as well. We have now got an external agency as well to verify our revised process 
to confirm that this is in order. Our e-com operations also had sales returns higher than 
offline. While reconciling our stocks we took cognizance of the sales returns which were 
damaged in transit. As a prudent and conservative company we decided to provide Rs.6 
Crores for the same. Last but not the least, for some of the stores we delayed our opening 
from the earlier quarters to this quarter due to COVID. We negotiated with the landlords 
and agreed for a time settlement of Rs. 6 Crores for this delay as these expenses during the 
closure period. 
That explains the onetime expenses that we have provided for this quarter. 
Page 3 of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
Moving on to operational costs, we continue to save over FY2020. In Q4, we saved Rs. 42 
Crores. We are nearly debt free though January and partly February was impacted by 
COVID. With the strong sales and tight control on costs, we reported an EBITDA of Rs.97 
Crores 
as per GAAP financials and 
a small loss 
of Rs.13 Crores 
as per non GAAP 
reporting. We continue to invest in our business. The investments are to grow our digital 
commerce capabilities and to expand into new stores along with refurbishment of some of 
our older stores. We have invested Rs.59 Crores in Q4 and Rs.154 Crores in FY2022. At 
this stage, 40% of our entire store estate is now less than three years old either as new or 
refurbished and this number will continue to grow over the coming four quarters. We are 
expanding rapidly. We opened 5 department stores, 
12 beauty stores and 2 airport stores 
aggregating to 19 stores, the highest in the last several years. We also invested Rs.46 Crores 
as capex in the last quarter and cumulatively Rs.101 Crores for the full year. Our capex has 
been funded through our internal resources only. We have also significantly reduced our 
working capital by Rs.100 Crores despite the growth of 45% in the last one year. 
From operations 
I will now move on to the performance of our strategic pillars. Our first 
citizens continue to contribute at a healthy share of 79% in offline and 37% in online. We 
have been witnessing a steady increase in the first citizen share over the year, particularly in 
the last quarter. Our new enrolments increased from 7% to 16% and had lead to an overall 
improvement in our first citizen contribution. 
I am extremely happy to say that our first 
citizen black card enrolments recorded 173% growth in the last one quarter. In our online 
business, first citizen online sales grew by 21% over last year with 37% contribution. On 
repeat online shopping, this increased by 
38% again over last year. This is still a small 
percentage of our total online space and hence a huge opportunity for us to grow our sales 
through our first citizen customers. As always our personal shopper contribution has been 
consistent and has contributed to 
10.7% of our sales. The personal shoppers is a unique 
offering that Shoppers Shop has for its customers across stores and online where they offer 
personalized service and engage with customers at a far higher level than normal. This is 
illustrated by the average ticket size continuing to be three times higher than the normal 
ticket size. We have done several local events to spread the awareness of the personal 
shopper. Our other initiatives such as wide glove, 
whatsapp calling, etc., continue to have 
contribution in our overall sales. While our initiatives are continuing I would like to call out 
the landmark events that happened in March 2022. HDFC Bank, India’s largest private 
sector bank and we joined hands to launch cobranded credit cards. These credit cards will 
be available to over 9 million first citizen customers along with HDFC Bank customers with 
an endeavour to provide an elevated and rewarding shopping experience. The partnership 
draws on HDFC strength as India’s issuer of credit cards and our position as a reputed retail 
brand. I should say that this is the first time HDFC has associated with a retail company to 
launch a cobranded credit card. This will also give us the benefit of being able to reach out 
to a larger universe and also get it significant insight into our customers shopping habits. 
Page 4 of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
Our co branded cards with HDFC will bring unmatched benefits to our first citizen. They 
will be able to avail discounts and offers provided by the bank and redeem points at our 
stores. This 
is a win, win proposition for both HDFC and for our customers. The credit 
cards will 
be available 
in two categories, Shoppers Stop HDFC Bank credit card and 
Shoppers Stop black HDFC Bank credit card. The reward points will 
differ depending 
upon the card with black card ensuring higher loyalty points. 
Moving on to the next strategic pillar of Private Brands. During the quarter private brands 
grew by 
9.4%. Private brands continue to outperform the other brands and increase the 
overall share. The average selling price increased by 6% during the quarter. Kids continue 
to grow within private brands by 40% versus last year. Our private brand contribution is at a 
healthy 13.2% at an overall level and within apparel it is at 19%. Our online contribution of 
private brands increased to 20%. 
I must add that in Q4, the private brand contribution was 
impacted by the sales in January where most of the sales were significantly muted and it 
tends to be the second highest month for private brands particularly and hence the overall 
percentage and contribution to stores did not grow as it has done in the previous quarters 
and it was muted. We have been focusing on women Indian and Western wear and these 
have had a healthy growth in our lead brands with “Kashish” and “Insense” leading at 56% 
and 83% respectively. Our occasion wear for men’s “Bandeya” has been received well with 
an annual run rate of Rs.25 Crores now. Our D2C brand “Infuse” has also been growing 
steadily. 
Moving to our third strategic pillar of Beauty, our beauty grew by 9.1% with the mix at 
17.6% to our total sales. During the quarter, we launched 24 brands and close to 100 brands 
during the year. Our own private brand Arcelia launched 85 new options. Arcelia is in the 
top 
10 brands within fragrances 
in our stores and continues to be within the top three 
embarked body and accessories. There were global supply chain issues during the quarter 
especially from international brands due the disruption caused by COVID and the Ukraine 
crises. This is getting streamlined now. We have opened 12 beauty stores during the quarter 
and this is an area we are focusing on to grow our presence in the beauty segment to offer 
our beauty 
customers a great experience. Within those 
12 were 
six standalone beauty 
stores, three of them being SS beauty, which is our standalone beauty format that we are 
continuing to invest into. With masks now going away, we expect sales on beauty to get 
even stronger. As you are aware beauty is key strategic pillar for us. We have taken higher 
targets in beauty and have aggressive strategic plans for the next three years. To achieve 
this we need to offer a best in class experience for our customers, particularly the digital 
related ones. For this content plays a crucial role in driving side traffic and building brand 
authority and improving conversions. This is an area we are investing in to improve the 
experience for our customers. At this juncture, 
I am pleased to share that we have a new 
Chief of Content and Webcom Officer Ms. Madhavi Irani who joined us a few weeks back. 
Page 5 of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
Madhavi has over 25 
years 
of great experience 
in content and website management. 
Madhavi has worked in Nykaa from its inception and has also worked in the Times of India 
group in the past. Her expertise lies in content to commerce, Omni channel strategy, user 
experience and engagement all of which will drive growth. This is a big addition to our 
team and helps us to focus in improving the customer experience especially for the digital 
initiatives and also the experience for our customers across online and offline. 
Moving on to our fourth strategic pillar of Omni channel, digital sales continue to be robust 
and grew by 5.1% on Q4 FY2021 which had a large base due to the beginning of the second 
wave 
in 
March 
2021. 
We 
are now recognized 
as 
an 
Ommi 
channel 
retailer 
with 
shoppersstop.com firmly established as a shopping destination. Last time when 
I spoke to 
you 
I had mentioned to you about the improvements on our app for customer service the 
UI/UX of shoppersstop.com. The first phase had just been rolled out in December. 
I am 
pleased to share that in the last quarter the second and third phase of the UI/UX have now 
been rolled out and this has further improved the customer experience and this is illustrated 
by the improvement in our sales conversions on the app. As you would appreciate Omni 
channel is an area where we are investing in. In the last quarter, we invested Rs.13 Crores 
and in total Rs.53 Crores for the full year. Generating customer insights and using the same 
for better customer targeting is now a regular practice for the business team. The data that 
we are invested into earlier is now starting to bear fruit aiding us in personalizing our 
communication to our first citizen customers and again improve our conversion due to that. 
Finally moving on to expansion and this 
is specific to brick and motor. We opened five 
department 
stores, 
12 beauty 
stores and two airport 
stores. Overall we opened eight 
department stores in the financial year and our pipeline of new stores 
is strong for the 
coming year where we expect to open between 12 to 15 department stores in FY2023. In 
summary, we have grown in the last four quarters and as 
I speak we have seen a strong 
April. While we have taken aggressive targets for this fiscal and we have a strong team now 
in place with resources and plans to achieve this, we continue to fire on all cylinders on our 
strategic pillars and are confident that it will contribute significantly to our overall growth. 
Thank you and we will open up for questions. 
We have already received a few questions so Mamta I would suggest that we will start with 
those questions first. I will read out the question and then also give the answers to the same. 
So the first one that we got is can you explain the inventory loss of Rs.9 Crores in detail not 
clear on change in IT application part? 
I think I have clarified that during the speech in detail. I assume that is now clear. 
Page 6 of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
The second one is understanding on Rs.21 Crores one off and Rs.40 Crores EBITDA loss of 
January 2022. Does operating PBT and reported PBT include adjustment of both the points 
or only one? 
Yes it does. 
Can you explain the integration with Unicommerce and how it will benefit Shoppers Stop? 
Unicommerce is a middle wear and we have now linked that up with our own system and it 
helps us to integrate with other brands to grow our drop ship model substantially. What 
Unicommerce does is to get a real time inventory of the brand that we associate with and 
through that we are able to offer a much wider set of brands to our customers. This is an 
area where we expect to see significant growth in the number of brands that we work with 
and to aid that we have actually put a separate team in place. 
The next one is on details about the acquisition plans of new D2C brands as seen in media. 
How many brands, when and at what value, etc. Also mentioned about SS beauty app. We 
already have mac.in and other sites how will it help? 
On the acquisition what 
I had said and this was to a specific question on whether we are 
considering acquisitions and what I had my reply was that if there are good opportunities 
we will consider. We normally do not make any speculative statements and there is nothing 
at this point that we would like to share on that. On the second part of that question about 
the SS beauty app this is to go with the SS beauty stores that we have launched to offer an 
environment for the beauty customers. The SS beauty app will have all the brands that we 
would have in our stores and a significantly larger number as well which will be online 
only. 
This app 
will 
be 
great 
on customer experience, 
driven through 
content, 
social 
commerce and extremely interactive with innovative features built into that. 
I would talk 
about more about the SS beauty app in the next quarter, which will be around the time that 
we will be ready to go live with this. Even as we speak the team internally are working 
extensively to bring this to live. It is different to mac.in and the other ELCA sites, because 
mac.in is specific to mac. Similarly the other ELCA websites are specific to that brand only. 
The next question is on Shoppers Stop beauty if you can share more details here. How has 
been the performance 
so far’? What are the differentials offering here versus the other 
beauty stores? 
We have recently opened three stores in addition to the three stores that are already existing 
in Hyderabad and Bengaluru. The performance of new stores is too early to comment but 
the existing stores the three that have opened earlier have higher sales and profitability. As 
far as the SS beauty is concerned we have three distinct features in our stores. First and 
Page 7 of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
foremost is the “Assortment” and we bring a slightly different assortment and we intend to 
have a number of brands which will be available only in our stores. Further the assortment 
would be tailored based on the location and there would be three, 
I would not call 
it a 
format but three different types of assortment that we would offer which internally we call it 
as luxury, premium and hybrid. That 
is really on the assortment. The second point of 
difference would be the “Customer Engagement” such as make over skin care and also 
digital engagement tools that will be there in the stores and the third is of course the “Look 
and the Feel” of the store itself, which is significantly premium and inviting to our beauty 
products that we cater to. 
Next 
question 
athleisure demand 
trend. Remember 
last 
quarter 
you 
saw moderation 
probably on account of people gearing up for post COVID life. 
Athleisure and an active categories are continuing to show good growth 150% growth as we 
are building the base on this category. Work wear related categories formal and semiformal 
have shown a 10% growth over the business and talking to one of our sports wear partners 
who have a lot more insight and data into this area while formal has grown, the growth on 
athleisure has not significantly slowed down. There is a slight shift from pure sports wear to 
more casual wear so that people can use for both occasions along with sport but overall the 
casual part of the business is definitely continuing to be strong. 
The next question is on prices, cotton prices on an uptrend how are we planning to respond 
to the situation. FMCG companies have highlighted stress on consumer wallets therefore 
will taking price hike in such situation lead to demand erosion? 
We have taken selective price increases in January on our products to retain the margin. The 
price increases on raw material were substantial which is why we had to take this increase. 
What we have seen and again this is going by the past when we look over the last many 
years what are our data tells us that whenever there have been increases in prices due to cost 
pressures we have done well. Shoppers Stop has done well and the reasons we believe that 
this happens is because customers prefer to trade up and prefer with trusted brands like 
Shoppers Stop and that is why we do not see demand erosion. In the three months we have 
not seen a drop in overall demand due to the price increase. 
Next question, in the press release it is mentioned that the company will grow in line with 
retail industry at double digit pace. Can you share any guidance on margins for FY2023? 
We do not normally give any margin guidance however we do expect it to be higher than 
the pre COVID levels. 
Page 8 of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Karunakaran M: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
Next question, we are spending 
a significant amount for renovating stores and plan to 
renovate eight stores in FY2023, what is the incremental revenue that our renovated store 
brings in? 
Investment on store renovations was only Rs.25 Crores. Total capex for the year was 
Rs.101 Crores. For store renovations payback period tends to be around 2 years. 
Next question 
is on Omni channel. Omni channel growth rate has moderated in Q4 any 
reason for the same? 
As I mentioned in my opening statement part of this was because of the base and the other 
reason that this has caused is also a shift in our category focus to more on apparels where 
the return rate tend to be higher and hence impact on the net sales. 
Next question, online sales grew only 5% year-on-year with overall sales 
at only 500 
million what contribution as a percentage of sales can be expected by FY2025 and what 
will be the levers for the same? 
For the Q4 it was on an increased base as I just said. For the full year, we achieved Rs.226 
Crores a growth of 59%. 
Next question is on Arcelia. Could you share revenue contribution of Arcelia to beauty 
segment, how has the brand fared over the last year’? 
Arcelia is still in its infancy and the entire assortment is not yet launched. So far we have 
launched bath and body. We have launched fragrance and deodorants and we are just in the 
process of launching nails, which was to launch in Q4. It got launched at the end of March. 
Further we will be launching nails and finally face and that is when the entire assortment 
will get mixed so I would say at this stage it is a bit early. The overall contribution is small 
but we do expect this to go up considerably over the next year. Karuna will take the next 
question. 
Thanks Venu. There are a few more questions which have been given to us. What I thought 
I will answer that and then we will open the question and answer session to the people who 
are waiting. 
The next question is employee expenses have seen a 21% increase in Q4 while revenue has 
increased only by 6% any reasons for the same? 
You may remember we have opened 
8 new stores and 
14 beauty stores. That almost 
contributed Rs.4 Crores to Rs.5 Crores. In addition to that we also strengthened beauty, 
Page 9 of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
Omni and private brands for increased growth in the coming years. That we invested almost 
Rs.3 Crores on that. Last year we had capitalized due to SAP and that is almost Rs.2 Crores 
plus we also had inflation this year so these are all small, small items but that contributed 
almost 21%. That is the reason for the employee expense increase. 
The next question 
is capex 
for the new stores seems higher 
at Rs.148 Crores 
for 
12 
departmental stores and 15 beauty stores. In FY2022 the company added eight departmental 
stores and four beauty stores and the capex was mere Rs.64 Crores why such high capex for 
FY2023 on per sq. ft. basis assuming all new stores will be 25,000 to 30,000 square feet? 
What we said is we will open 12 new stores whereas the capex is considered for almost 20 
to 23 stores because some of the stores will be on work in progress and it will be opened in 
Q1 of FY2024. That is the reason the capex is around about Rs.148 Crores. 
The next question is overall the sales growth is 9%. Strategic pillars growth Private brands 
grew by 9%, beauty by 9% and Omni grew by 5%. Personal shopper is on a decline. Ideally 
strategic pillar growth should be higher than overall company growth given the investment 
behind these initiatives. What are we missing here? 
Venu just explained in detail about the private brand. Predominantly what happened was 
our sales in January were very low and that impacted our private brand overall growth. 
Similarly, beauty we have just opened a number of new stores in the month of March and 
you will 
see 
a significant higher growth 
in the months 
to come. Personal shopper 
is 
consistently at 10% and it has not changed at all. 
The next question is out of 8.7 million first citizen customers how many are active users and 
what is the average ticket size? 
Our active user are at about 25% to 30% who have actively shopped in the last 12 months of 
course there are others who shop probably once or twice in the last one year and our 
average ticket value is around 4500. It is significantly higher than the walk-in customers. 
The next question 
I will just read the question. Venu has already replied 
to 
it. The 
contribution from private brand and beauty continue to remain steady at 13% and 18% of 
the sale how the company is planning to increase sales contribution from these verticals? 
We have already replied to that. PB had a higher impact due to January closure slowdown. 
On beauty again I have said we have opened 12 new stores, signed up 100 new brands and 
we are planning to open 
10 new stores next year. We 
are also discussing with other 
international brands for a possible tie up. 
Page 10 of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Moderator: 
Nihal Jham: 
Karunakaran M: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
The next question is on deprecation, why it is higher in this quarter’? Is this due to store 
renovations? What kind of quarterly run rate can be built here? 
Depreciation if you see the idea it has both ROU right to use asset deprecation as well as a 
normal deprecation for the fixed assets. 
I would suggest you should go through our non 
GAAP income statement which normally we publish on the left hand side of the income 
statement and if you see it the deprecation is approximately Rs.35 Crores for this quarter. 
the deprecation for our fixed assets and in the last three quarters 
it was ranging between 
Rs.30 Crores to Rs.35 Crores. This quarter it is marginally higher by a few Crores because 
we have opened 8 stores in the last six months and that is the reason it is higher. 
The last question was employee other expenses has increased due to store additions on year- 
on-year basis but it still cannot explain some 20% and 12%? We could not understand the 
question. Probably the question is why the employee and other expenses have increased. 
We have given a slide in the investor presentation. Our total expenses have increased by 
11% that is in cash terms around Rs.30 Crores. This is last year. This is primarily due to 
onetime expenses which we spoke about almost Rs.12 Crores and inorganic cost for the 
new stores. We almost spent Rs.15 Crores to Rs.18 Crores on the new stores. These are the 
two large breakup for the increase in expenses. 
The last question is please share Ind-As 116 rent expenses and EBITDA on GAAP reported 
basis? 
Again we have given it in the investor presentation. Our rent including cam and variable 
rent is around about Rs.133 Crores. Rent that is allocated in Ind-As for GAAP is around 
Rs.91 Crores and in the reconciliation we have also mentioned that. EBITDA on GAAP is 
Rs.97 Crores. So we will now open to questions Mamta. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may press “*” and “1” on their touchtone phone. If you wish to 
remove yourself from the question queue you may press “*” and “2”. Participants are 
requested to use handsets while asking the question. The first question is from the line of 
Nihal Jham from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Thank you so much and good moming to the management. Sir three questions from my 
side. Sorry to repeat but just for the one off that you have given I just wanted to confirm that 
I assume the inventory write off that would have reflected in terms of higher cost right is 
that the right understanding? 
Nihal that is the right understanding and thanks for your question. 
Page 11 of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
Nihal Jham: 
And what about the receivables write off where would that reflect in the P&L just to be sure 
about that? 
Karunakaran M: 
The other operating expenses. 
Nihal Jham: 
Similarly, for the lease one off that would have ideally shown up as a higher other income 
or how does that show? 
Karunakaran M: 
That is shown again it is not an income. It is an expense were we paid the lease rental. It is 
included in other operating expenses. 
Nihal Jham: 
So basically other operating expenses are higher by Rs.12 Crores than what the ideally 
should have been and your cost is higher by Rs.9 Crores so that is the way this has been 
accounted in the P&L? 
Karunakaran M: 
Absolutely right 6 + 6, 12. 12 + 9, Rs.21 Crores you right. 
Nihal Jham: 
That is absolutely clear. The second question was that in your presentation and in terms of 
your store opening also we do see that most of your stores that you opened last year are 
mainly are tier 2 and tier 3 cities and even for the pipeline ahead of the 12 stores I think 10 
you are planning in the tier two and tier three cities? Just wanted to get a sense that how has 
the store economics for these stores which Iam guessing are smaller in terms of pickup and 
are there any specific aspects which better or worse than the existing set of stores which are 
more tier one city focused? 
Venugopal Nair: 
So on the store economics these tend to be, you are right that a larger proportion of the total 
stores tend to be in the tier one or tier two and I am separating the metro and tier one when I 
say that. The overall store size tends to be trimmer and we are now looking at between 
25,000 to 30,000 square feet 
in 
a tier one or tier two 
store. Because of this the trade 
intensity is very healthy and the lease cost is on a lower side. Further we are also able to get 
capex contributions from the landlords which again helps in our overall investment. 
In 
terms of sales, the productivity is at par or in many cases better than what we have seen in 
some of our larger stores and overall because of this payback tends to be around the two to 
two and a half years. 
Nihal Jham: 
If I just to ask would that be around 4 years say for stores we have traditionally opened in 
the key cities, metro and tier one cities. 
Venugopal Nair: 
No around two years. 
Page 12 of 26

SHOPPERS 
  
Nihal Jham: 
Venugopal Nair: 
Nihal Jham: 
Venugopal Nair: 
Nihal Jham: 
Moderator: 
Percy Panthaki: 
Karunakaran M: 
Percy Panthaki: 
STOP 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
Two years is for the stores you are currently opening in tier two and three cities. 
I was 
asking for the legacy stores that would have ideally been opened in metro and tier one 
cities. 
That would be three to three and half years. 
Three to three and half years that is satisfactory. My last question before I get back in the 
queue is that I know you have highlighted about your digital sales obviously you are having 
a strong base, but you know it has now been say 24 months since COVID has happened you 
have seen multiple months whether there were as part of lockdown or normalized and there 
is a run rate that you would have seen does get established so the sense that you know 
I 
want to get is that is this run rate of 50 Crores that we saw for this quarter may be would 
have been slightly higher and lower if Jan would have been normal. The normalized run 
rate that you expect things would progress at and if not then what are the initiatives we need 
to do to take this higher from here because the Shoppers Stop brand and the app has been 
well know and existent now say for the last 
18 to 24 months since we undertook the 
strategical initiatives. 
So when it comes to digital sales while we classify digital sales where it is directly brought 
online, we do believe and based on the data that we have that customers specifically our 
first citizen customers would shop offline as well even when they are looking at online. So 
one shoppersstop.com definitely aids in driving customer traffic both ways. In terms of the 
absolute base itself now while the overall number has been growing because the total sales 
has gone up in the year and hence the percentage looks not as almost as it would have been 
otherwise and going forward, the improvement that we have done in customer experience 
on shoppersstop.com and the SS beauty app which we are planning are the initiatives which 
would help us to grow our sales digitally. 
That is helpful Venu I will come back in the queue if I have any questions. 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIPL, 
please go ahead. 
Sir 
I just wanted to understand how have you derived this number of 40 Crores for the 
operating profit impact due to COVID. 
You are talking about this January right? 
Yes, yes. 
Page 13 of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Karunakaran M: 
Percy Panthaki: 
Venugopal Nair: 
Percy Panthaki: 
Karunakaran M: 
Percy Panthaki: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
January ideally we do anywhere between 400 to 450 Crores revenue Percy whereas what 
we did was close to 280 to 285 Crores and the balance 120 Crores whatever is the profit that 
normally we get because the fixed expenses are fixed. I mean nothing changes there so that 
is the flow through we got around about 40 Crores. 
But 
Sir would not there 
be some postponement 
of purchase, 
so 
if 
a person has not 
purchased in January that sale 
is not lost for the quarter completely right. 
It will filter 
through in February or March to a large extent and that is why you have seen also March 
being very strong at least one of the reasons partially would be that January sales has got 
postponed into March. 
So that is an interesting thought now what is different in the month of Jan. Jan tends to be 
end of season sale month and that is where brands go heavily on sale and a big chunk of 
that was completely missed out because of the closure or the slow down as one might quote 
it and as you would have seen the sale did not get extended beyond the 15" of Feb which is 
normally when it closes and that is the reason a lot of what would have come through in Jan 
did not get postponed. 
Okay got it. Secondly I am just trying to derive a very clean profit for you excluding any 
one offs so basically you have done non GAAP EBITDA of 13 Crores on that if add back 
the 40 Crores of COVID impact, if I add back 15 Crores of omni channel investment and I 
add back 21 Crores of all the write offs, one offs that you have done I get about 63 Crores 
of profit. Now this 63 Crores of profit as a percentage of your sale of 798 Crores that comes 
to about 7.8% EBITDA margin. This is normalized for any kind of one off, any kind of 
COVID impact so basically 7.8 is the kind of margin that is sort of inherent in the business 
now, is that understanding correct? 
Percy one thing Q4 is normally the lean quarter for us. See Q4 if you have observed after 
January, February and March is relatively low so to answer your question that 15 Crores is 
normally I think in all probability will continue next year also because as long as we have 
this omni we have to continue to invest in omni. 
I would say the EBITDA margin at that 
level of sales 
I would expect anywhere between 6 to 7% if it is done on a normal basis 
Percy. 
Okay, but I was like taking out the omni just to get a clean picture and where I am coming 
from I will just give you an idea so before COVID let us say FY2018 or 2019 on an average 
we used to do about 6% EBITDA margin and then you mentioned that around 200 Crores 
of cost saving per year would come through which are actually coming through this quarter. 
You did mention 42 Crores which is very close to the annualized run rate of 200 Crores so 
that 200 Crores as a percentage of sales works to about 5 to 6% points so if my pre COVID 
Page 14 of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
margin is 5 to 6% and then 
I add another 5 to 6% on this we should be at a double digit 
level before the omni channel investment which we are not yet there. 
Karunakaran M: 
Again very very interesting thought Percy, without omni we will be close to 8%. Please 
understand that omni also has a sales of 54 Crores so we are only taking this expenses and 
saying that this will be the number but we should remove the sales to get the ideal number. 
One thing Percy in quarter four we have a muted quarter four, the fixed expenses more or 
less same be 
it January and half of February remains constant so at that sale around 890 
Crores in non GAAP any percentage of EBITDA will be slightly distorted. I would say take 
an ideal number of 1100 Crores which will be the normal Q4 and then we should calculate. 
Percy Panthaki: 
I understand where you are coming from. Only reason 
I asked 
is because historically 
speaking I was just looking at your Q4 margins and they were not very different from the 
full year margins that is why I asked. 
Karunakaran M: 
Yes, Got it. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay Sir that is all from me, thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun Singh from IDBI Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Varun Singh: 
Yes thanks for the opportunity. 
I have two question. First is on inflation. Sir why do you 
think that Shoppers Stop business will not be impacted because of such a rapid rise in 
inflation not just in the raw material of apparel but also I mean the general inflation that we 
are seeing 40 or 50 years worse inflation that everyone is facing and apparel and beauty 
both being 
a discretionary category 
so my question 
is two-fold. Why you think the 
frequency of buying would not be impacted as well as shift of customers from branded to 
private label product and also because there 
is so much now competitive intensity has 
heated up that there is an easy access more apparel retail outlets are out there as well as 
private label retailers are so dominant in presence so Venu if you can give your view on 
this. 
Venugopal Nair: 
I think I will take your question in two parts; one is the inflation and hence the pass through 
that we have already impacted and we have now three months history where we have not 
seen a significant impact which is the reason that in the current rate we believe it has been 
accepted. The second factor is our loyal first citizen customer and you will remember that 
between 75 and 79% of our sales come from our first citizen customer and these are loyal 
customers who have been with us for a long time and hence would prefer to shop with us 
and in times like this when cost go up they choose to go to brands that they trust and that is 
where we benefit compared to a number of the others and the third probably factor which is 
Page 15 of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
also that our target and we are in the premium segment and this target segment of our 
especially in retail is likely to be less impacted by the price rises compared to some of the 
other lower segments. 
Varun Singh: 
Understood that is very helpful so you are saying that stickiness of the premium customer 
will help you with regards to not losing market share to competition. 
Venugopal Nair: 
And hopefully gaining market share. 
Varun Singh: 
And gain market share right. Second question is on beauty so please help me understand 
with regard to why we are obsessing about the aggression or discriminating more towards 
with regards to capex investment for the SS beauty store. So 
I have just two questions on 
this. The first question is why we think that aggression towards beauty I mean investment 
more towards beauty is more accretive for the company and second is what are the right to 
wins that we are creating into this category? We understand you talked about assortment 
and three different types of assortment that you want to curette and exclusive brand sign of 
that will be available to your stores only and look and feel etc., that you are focusing but 
still I mean I would dare to ask this question that compared to the other ramp in competition 
which is already there into this category what are the right to win that you think we should 
be creating and also I wish to know who are we idealizing so if you can name one or two 
companies the look alike at least we are very much inspired from so that is it from my side. 
Venugopal Nair: 
So if I take the question on beauty at an overall level firstly beauty is 
17.6% of our overall 
sales and on an overall turnover of four and half thousand that is 750 Crores that we do on 
beauty and this was pre COVID. That makes us the largest player in beauty, the largest 
retailer in beauty in the physical space and that is a position that we have established over a 
number of years now. So we are a destination for beauty and have been over the years now. 
As the beauty space is starting to get more mature and customers are moving and adopting 
beauty, the market itself is growing and that gives the opportunity to get a larger share of 
the market as the market itself grows. Specifically within that our right to win comes from 
the fact that we are focused on premium and bridge to luxury segments of beauty and this is 
again a category that we hold, 
I mean we are the largest player there. What has moved 
rapidly over the last two years 
is the advent of digital and online in beauty and that is 
something which we are adopting and through both ss.com as well as ssbeauty.com we 
would be catering to the digitally native customers who are adopting and getting into 
beauty. 
I must point out that overall online beauty players contribution has been less than 
10% from premium brands and that is where we see a big opportunity. At the same time 
having SS beauty standalone stores gives us the opportunity to create an environment where 
the customer engagement is lot more personal with specific focus on makeover, skin care 
and these are interactive engagements where the customer would walk into the store for the 
Page 16 of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Moderator: 
Ankit Kedia: 
Venugopal Nair: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
experience and that is point of difference that we are creating for ourselves. Based on the 
strength that we have of the strong beauty stylist and artist that we already have within our 
stores. This is something which is a big strength for us again because of the experience that 
we have in this area and that is what we are leveraging as we go into the SS beauty stores. 
The second factor 
is also with the smaller SS beauty format 
it helps us to grow faster 
because these are smaller stores and getting space is easier. We will keep tweaking the mix 
of brands and improve on the mix to tune further to our customer needs and requirements. I 
must also point out that while online has been growing when 
it comes to premium and 
luxury brand experience is very key and that is something which comes only offline and 
that is what would help us to increase our reach due to the small format. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Kedia from Philip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Sir I have a three questions and I will say all the questions together. First is on the beauty 
expansion for SS beauty. You have planned only 10 stores for SS beauty in FY2023, do you 
think this number is not very aggressive given the opportunity size you guys are targeting 
and some of your competitors and even some of your start up brands are actually expanding 
more aggressively within the 20 years we have invested in beauty and having one of the 
highest market share in offline, 10 stores for our brand would be less. My second question 
is on the A&P spend. While we have just recruited a person for content a month back and 
with the SS beauty app coming in, do we plan to do more influential marketing campaigns 
and our A&P spends 
in FY2023, FY2024 could see 
a significant jump and my third 
question is on the throughput for the renovated stores. While the new stores which are 
25,000 square feet you know in the past you have said they do 1.3, 1.4x of the regular stores 
do the renovated stores also have the same throughput as the new small store format. 
I may have to ask you to remind of the questions but let me take the first one on SS beauty. 
It is a fair point that 10 stores would look to be soft let me put it that way. That is what we 
have put into our numbers for now but that is not a restrictive number. What is important 
for us it to create a sustainable profitable model and that is why for the first year we have 
taken a slightly lower number to help us get the brand mix right, the product mix right and 
also the assortment mix right so that is the reason that we have taken a softer number but 
that is not to say that we cannot go faster or we will not go faster as we see success in the 
area. The second was on the A&P spend. Now I think it is a very fair point and we have 
provided 
a slightly higher number for A&P for this year because of the importance of 
making sure that using content, using influencers, using celebrity we are able to reach to the 
customers and communicate better. We do believe that this will also result in higher sales 
and the third point that you had or the third question you had was on renovations. Yes we 
do see significant improvement 
in productivity post renovation almost 
like 
in the new 
Page 17 of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Ankit Kedia: 
Moderator: 
Ali Asgar Shakir: 
Venugopal Nair: 
Ali Asgar Shakir: 
Venugopal Nair: 
Ali Asgar Shakir: 
Moderator: 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
stores. In fact 
I could give you an example of Inorbit in Hyderabad where we actually 
reduced the space. We renovated the entire store, reduced the space and from almost 30% 
less space we are achieving the same level of sales that we had before the renovation was 
done. On an average we do see double digit growth after a renovation. 
That is helpful Sir, thank you so much. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ali Asgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Thanks for the opportunity. This is Ali Asgar so I have a question on private label so could 
you share what would be our target over the next five years for our private label share in our 
overall departmental stores and also 
I would like to get more insight in terms of private 
label share space is certainly increasing from what it used to be single digit to probably now 
40 to 50% in particularly smaller stores so how is the customer reacting to this we have 
been a departmental stores which largely provides wide range of brands to customer, now 
we are giving a very large proportion of private label to the customer so if you could just 
share some insight in terms of how does the customer reacts to this. Is there any risk to 
customer’s response in terms of average ticket size? 
So if I take part of the question. First, the overall share of the private brand is intense if we 
look at only apparel 19% because we do have a large proportion of nonapparel as well. On 
the space provided to private brand, when we go into the tier two stores it does tend to be 
higher and that is because the acceptance of the private brand into the smaller stores 
is 
definitely high and that is something which we will continue to work on as we go forward. 
And sorry I did not hear you clearly. What is the target we mentioned over the five years for 
private label share? 
Over the next five years we aim to be around the 25% mark. 
That is for the overall region. I am sure apparel will be much higher. Got it. Thank you this 
is very helpful. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital 
please go ahead. 
Thank you for the opportunity Sir. Sir 
I have two questions one is with regards to the 
integration with Unicommerce that we have done. If you could explain it a bit more in detail 
as how it would help us in the overall change on the online front and second thing is the 
Page 18 of 26

SHOPPERS 
  
Karunakaran M: 
Venugopal Nair: 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Venugopal Nair: 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Moderator: 
Yash Bajaj: 
Venugopal Nair: 
Yash Bajaj: 
STOP 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
question for Karuna Sir. We mentioned that EBITDA margins would be like 6 to 7% so that 
would be on the non GAAP sales or the reported sales that is it from me. 
Let me take the easier one. On the EBITDA margin, whatever I have said to Percy is on non 
GAAP basis Gaurav. 
Unicommerce is the middle ware that we use and they have partnership with number of 
brands and what 
it does 
it makes the integration with our front end on shoppersstop.com 
much easier and provides a real time inventory on shoppersstop.com for all the brands that 
have worked with us. So without the Unicommerce the inventory thing would have to be 
done manually at the end of the day or few times during the day whereas this gives the real 
time strength. What it also does because of that is that the inventory need not be in our 
stores or in DC only. It can be in the DC or the stores of the associate partner brands that we 
work with it and through our logistic partner we can sell. Once we get the order pick up 
from wherever the inventory is and get 
it to our customers so 
it helps us to expand the 
number of brands that we work with. 
Sir 
if 
I understand 
it right 
it will help you to openly increase your assortment to the 
customer and also reduce on the working capital requirement as well. Is that understanding 
right? 
Absolutely 
it 
helps 
us 
to multiply 
the number 
of brands 
that 
will 
be 
available 
on 
shoppersstop.com. 
Sure Sir. Thank you. That is it from me. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Yash Bajaj from Lucky Investment 
Manager. Please go ahead. 
Sir I have just one question. So seeing how there is rise in inflation which is going on for 
the past two months so 
I have read a few reports which stated that premium segment is 
performing comparatively better as compared to the mass segment. Like how do you see 
that in Shoppers Stop since we are premium segment store or a concept? 
So Yash we are in the premium segment. Our overall sales numbers are satisfactory and to 
that extent we are quite confident of the coming months and quarter while we have had to 
take an increase in our average selling price because of the increase in the input cost we 
have not seen a significant impact on the sales. Within our stores one comparative which we 
do see is that the premium brands within our stores are growing faster than the rest. 
What kind of price elasticity do we have in terms of our product which we offer? 
Page 19 of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Venugopal Nair 
: 
Yash Bajaj: 
Moderator: 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Karunakaran M: 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Moderator: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
In terms of price elasticity we have taken an increase in our average selling price of roughly 
8 to 10% and so far we are not seeing a volume drop. 
Okay Sir that is all from my side. Thank you so much. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan by 
BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Yes good afternoon Sir. Thanks for giving the opportunity. Sir my first question is on the 
working capital. We have seen reduction in working capital in this quarter despite the fact 
that there was destruction led by the Omicron so what led to this improvement in working 
capital and whether it is going to be sustainable and related question to this is that we have 
around 190 Crores of debt on our books so going ahead since we are expecting FY2023 to 
be one of the strongest years and profitability is expected to improve on better operating 
leverage, so considering that and with improvement in cash flow should we expect our debt 
to come down or the capex would largely be done through internal accruals and debt would 
remain at same level. 
Let me answer one by one by one Kaustubh. One, see we borrowed from three banks 
HDFC, IDFC, and ICCI. From HDFC and IDFC we borrowed 75 Crores and we have to 
pay the quarterly installment that we will pay this year. Whatever debt payable we will pay. 
That should be around about 75 Crores for the entire full year so that should come around. 
ICICI we have two or three installments that is due this year so that will also come down. 
The term loan fund I would expect by the end of the year it will be around 105 Crores not 
more than that that is one. Second you also asked about the working capital. Overall for this 
year we had almost 120 Crores reduction in working capital. If you ask me whether this is 
sustainable because we are investing in private brands the kind of working capital reduction 
what we have this year we may not have next year but we will still see a negative working 
capital for next year. We also have a very, very tight control on inventory. We are planning 
to institute a completely different process to ensure that our inventory is under control so 
those things will have a negative working capital. On the last question by the end of the 
year we should have a net negative debt. When 
I say net negative debt that means our 
investments will be higher than the debt so that we will have a net negative debt by the end 
of the year. 
Okay Sir. Thanks for the answer. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Paresh Jain from Bajaj Allianz, please go 
ahead. 
Page 20 of 26

SHOPPERS 
  
Paresh Jain: 
Karunakaran M: 
Paresh Jain: 
Karunakaran M: 
Paresh Jain: 
Karunakaran M: 
Paresh Jain: 
Karunakaran M: 
Paresh Jain: 
Moderator: 
Deepak Poddar: 
Karunakaran M: 
Deepak Poddar: 
Venugopal Nair 
STOP 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
Yes hi good afternoon. Can you just update as to what is the potential dilution arising from 
ESOP and its impact on the P&L? 
Normally we do not give this Paresh. I mean it is a very very insignificant number because 
if you are talking about the past ESOP what we have given that will be probably be 0.1 or 
slightly lower than that. 
And there is some plan 2022 also which has been formed right? 
That is right. See all these things are over a period of three to four years nothing is in one 
year, so even ESOP 2022 probably may see a shareholding dilution of between 1.5 to 1.8, 
not more than that. 
Okay and its impact on P&L. 
It is for four to five years. 
Yes and the impact on P&L. 
We 
are working on 
an agency because 
it 
also depends 
on what you 
share with the 
employees because 
it 
is 
still not got approved by the shareholders right now 
I would 
probably may 
not 
be 
able 
to 
share beyond 
this Paresh 
and 
if 
it 
gets approved 
by 
shareholders then we can share probably in the next quarter. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Yes thank you very much Sir for the opportunity. Sir so I just wanted to understand is there 
any kind of revenue growth that we are looking at in FY2023. Some direction would be 
helpful. 
Of course we are looking for a revenue growth Deepak. If all goes well we should be in 
double digit growth. In fact at the beginning of the speech Venu did mention that we will 
grow in line with the retail industry so we should have a decent double digit growth for this 
fiscal Deepak. 
Okay understood and this 7000 Crores in four to five years that remains our outlook right. 
Yes absolutely. 
Page 21 of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Deepak Poddar: 
Moderator: 
Shivaji Mehta: 
Venugopal Nair: 
Shivaji Mehta: 
Moderator: 
Binoy Jeriwala: 
Karunakaran M: 
Binoy Jeriwala: 
Karunakaran M: 
Binoy Jeriwala: 
Venugopal Nair: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
That is it from my side. Thank you very much. All the best. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shivaji Mehta an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Thank you for this opportunity. Sir cotton prices continue to increase from the current 
Rs.90000 per candy. Do you feel that you will be able to take price hikes without really 
impacting demand or you feel that this increase in the cost will have to borne by the entire 
textile supply chain? 
Definitely there is no room for constant price increase its not that elastic either so 
it is 
something which will need to be raised in and even as we speak I am aware a number of 
effort that is being 
made both by the industry associations as well by the government to 
reduce the overall impact and improve the supply so that the prices come down so what we 
are hoping is that the overall prices will not go up and if they do continue to stay up we will 
have to work with our partners to see how we can mitigate some of that to be able to not 
pass it on with our customers. 
Right. Thank you so much. That is all from my side. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Binoy Jeriwala from Sunidhi Securities 
and Finance Limited. Please go ahead. 
Yes thank you for the opportunity. My question is on the omni channel capex. If you could 
just correct me that number that you shared for FY2023 is about 50 Crores and I would like 
to know if this number is going to be recurring in nature or is there a sunset here. 
So Binoy we do not have any capex for omni either for FY2022 or FY2023. 
No I meant opex. 
Yeah Opex we do have. This year we invested close to 60 odd Crores so next year also we 
will invest close to that because we do expect a significant jump in omni. 
And is this going to be recurring year after year or there is a sunset here by which we will 
not have to invest behind omni or maybe we have to invest a very marginal from behind 
omni. 
Binoy I will take that. At the moment it is an investment and I talked to you about the phase 
one, phase two, phase three etc., and that was something which was more of a onetime 
going forward and we have 
I would say the heavy lifting on customer experience for 
Page 22 of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Binoy Jeriwala: 
Karunakaran M: 
Binoy Jeriwala: 
Venugopal Nair: 
Binoy Jeriwala: 
Venugopal Nair: 
Binoy Jeriwala: 
Venugopal Nair: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
shoppersstop.com done. However, we are moving on to SS beauty as I had mentioned there 
will be some investment going into that. Overall the capex on account of and do not expect 
to be very near that is the first point. Second point at the same time what 
I would say is 
technology for omni will need upgradation every one and half to two years because the pace 
at which tech changes that is something which we will continue to do to ensure that the 
overall experience that we 
offer 
to 
our customers and the 
ability 
to personalize and 
communicate to them at a one to one level remains absolutely robust. 
My next question is on the gross margin. We have seen gross margin hovering around 31, 
32 odd levels. 
Is there scope to improve this gross margin because the thing is being a 
premium player we are at the lower end of the gross margin amongst the retailers and 100 to 
200 basis points improvement in gross margin will be a big flow through to the bottom line. 
So Binoy there is no doubt about it. So we have 13.2% private brand and the balance 80 to 
85% are the brands where we have agreed margin, so as we increase the private brand 
because of the mix the overall margin will increase. 
But there is no scope to renegotiate the margins that you have with the branded players 
right? 
There is a scope that is ongoing activity which is business as usual which we keep doing. 
Also when we introduce newer brand there tend to be at higher margins which would again 
help so that is a constant activity. 
Okay where do you see your gross margins to be once you have reached let us say a private 
label share of 25% in the next four to five years, where do you think the gross margins can 
be. 
That is something we would not want to give a guidance on at this stage Binoy. 
Okay my last question is on the capex. Some of the capex is also shared by the landlord. 
How much is the capex shared by the landlord and the 12 SS stores that we plan to open 
how much will be on this shared model. 
In varies quite significantly Binoy from a property to property basis and from location to 
location basis so there is no one fixed number that I would be able to share on that. I mean 
there are instances where the entire capex is borne by the landlord or the developer as the 
case may be and in some cases it is a percentage of the total. Obviously, our aim is to try 
and get as much investment from the developer as possible. 
Page 23 of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
Binoy Jeriwala: 
Understood but this would in tur also lead to higher rental out flow right because landlord 
would want to recover this amount somehow or the other. 
Karunakaran M: 
It may and may not be Binoy. 
I mean it all depends on what do we negotiate at the end of 
these period. Sometimes where we are going for a new city and Shoppers Stop being a 
premium store 
it has 
its own advantages and we can able to negotiate better with the 
landlord. As Venu said there is no fixed formula. It all depends on which city we are. What 
is our ability to 
sell, what 
is the landlord 
is willing to offer. what the competitors are 
offering. I mean there are many factors which determine this. 
Binoy Jeriwala: 
Okay thanks so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the 
line 
of Pawan from Renaissance Portfolio 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Pawan: 
Hi Sir. Sir just one clarification this 6 to 7% margin number that was stated in the call that 
is like the adjusted margin for this quarter adjusted for this one of expenses and omni 
channel related cost. Is that right understanding. What was that number actually 6 to 7% 
margin. 
Karunakaran M: 
Percy’s question was if take all the one off and if I have a normalized January sale and if I 
exclude tech investments in omni will our margins be between 7 to 8% range. Yes I mean if 
T exclude all those things we have to exclude the sales of omni and so many other factors 
that is what we have said. I mean in normalized environment of our margins particularly in 
Q4 being one of the weak quarters would be in the range of 7 to 8%. 
Pawan: 
Going ahead I mean next year we are seeing decent double digit growth. Anyways FY2022 
had several issues for retailing industry so obviously this margin should increase right going 
ahead on annualized basis. 
Karunakaran M: 
I mean internally we have plan for increase Pawan, that is right. 
Pawan: 
Okay thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Kedia from Philip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir few questions from my side. First is one of the cost savings. Do you think there is any 
cost saving left for us for FY2023 or broadly we have exhausted and now in an inflationary 
environment we will see significant inflation now versus FY2020. 
Page 24 of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Karunakaran M: 
Ankit Kedia: 
Karunakaran M: 
Ankit Kedia: 
Karunakaran M: 
Ankit Kedia: 
Moderator: 
Venugopal Nair: 
Karunakaran M: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
Ankit we discussed in the past. There are cost savings that will continue even in FY2022 for 
example the employment cost or some of the operating cost so all these things what we did 
see in FY2021 when we implemented zero based budgeting, these costs will not be there 
and we will continue to save. What you have been seeing in the income statement is a lot of 
new stores have opened and lot of normal cost that has come in right now that is the reasons 
the savings get camouflage Ankit. 
Sir I was asking for FY2023 perspective going forward. 
Yes we will still save. That is what I meant. We will still save. 
And Sir my second question was in the initial question and answer session you mentioned 
that we have actually planned capex 
for 20-22 departmental 
stores 
so just wanted 
to 
understand why we are guiding for 12 stores, the planned capex is for 20-22 stores so I did 
not get that lesson so for next year plan CWIC this year is what we will invest in is that the 
right understanding. 
Yes you are right Ankit. See what happens is when we make investment the departmental 
stores normally takes 90 to 120 days to complete the stores from the time we sign the 
agreement sometimes 
it takes 
slightly longer because the landlord may have statutory 
approvals that has not come in so on and so forth. So our guidance for new stores we will 
open 12 to 15 stores and we may have almost 5 to 8 stores in the pipeline to be opened in 
Q1 and Q2 of next year, so the investments what that is appearing or what Venu has said 
includes all the capex investment of 20 odd stores. 
Understood. Thank you so much. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Thank you Mamta and thanks to 
all the participants and for the questions. 
I think in 
summary what I would like to say is that we have strong growth and our growth trajectory 
is very good and that is something we are very pleased about. Our strategic pillars are firing 
on all cylinders and we are seeing the benefit of the wardrobe reboot and the office reboot 
combined with occasions of wedding and postponed marriages etc that are helping us. Our 
store expansion strategy continues to be strong and overall we are investing into talent to 
fill the new age skills that are required for our organization as we move to being a strong 
omni channel retailer. 
Thankyou. 
Page 25 of 26

SHOPPERS STOP 
  
Shoppers Stop Limited 
April 29, 2022 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Shoppers Stop Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 26 of 26
