 
May 04, 2022 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540767 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: NAM-INDIA 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and year ended March 
31, 2022 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the 
quarter and year ended March 31, 2022 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors 
held on April 26, 2022, for your information and records. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company:  
https://mf.nipponindiaim.com/InvestorServices/pdfDocuments/Conference-Call-Transcript-
for-Q4-FY-2022.pdf 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
 
Nilufer Shekhawat 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 

Page 1 of 16 
 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
April 26, 2022 
 
 
  
 
Moderator: 
Mr. Sameer Bhise - JM Financial 
 
Management: 
Mr. Sundeep Sikka - ED & Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Prateek Jain - Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Saugata Chatterjee - Co-Chief Business Officer 
Mr. Aashwin Dugal - Co-Chief Business Officer 
Mr. Arpanarghya Saha - Chief Digital Officer 
Mr. Hiroshi Fujikake - Nominee, Nippon Life 
Insurance 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
April 26, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Nippon Life India Asset Management 
Limited Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call hosted by JM Financial. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Sameer Bhise from JM Financial. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Sameer Bhise: 
Thank you Neerav. Good evening everyone and welcome to the 4Q FY2022 earnings 
conference call of Nippon Life India Asset Management. From the management team of 
Nippon Life India Asset Management, we have Mr. Sundeep Sikka, Executive Director & 
CEO, Mr. Prateek Jain, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Aashwin Dugal, Co-Chief Business 
Officer, Mr. Saugata Chatterjee, Co Chief Business Officer, Mr. Arpanarghya Saha, Chief 
Digital Officer and Mr. Hiroshi Fujikake, Nominee from Nippon Life Insurance. I would 
now like to hand over the floor now to Mr. Sikka for his opening comments post which we 
can open the floor for Q&A. Over to you Sir! Thank you. 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Thanks Sameer. Good evening everyone and welcome to our FY2022 earnings conference 
call. We have with us our CFO, Prateek Jain, Co Chief Business Officer, Saugata Chatterjee 
and Aashwin Dugal, Chief Digital Officer, Arpanarghya Saha, Head of Elite Partner Group, 
Nitin Gupta and Fujikake-san, Nominee of Nippon Life Insurance from Japan. 
 
Overall industry assets remain stable in Q4 driven by rise in passive and equity segments 
offset by decline in fixed income assets. The industry continued to see steady interest by 
retail and HNI investors. The industry’s unique investor count grew by 10% to 34 million in 
Q4. The strong growth in investor base and overall assets indicate confidence by long-term 
investors in mutual funds. We expect the industry to maintain its growth momentum in 
future also. At Nippon India Mutual Fund, our priority is to be future ready and capture the 
long-term opportunity. As stated earlier, we are confident of regaining our market 
positioning as well as recreating or reinventing by continuously innovating and disrupting 
ourselves. Towards these goals, I am happy to share with you the key performance 
highlights for this fiscal. NAM India recorded its highest ever profit of Rs. 7.4 billion in 
FY2022. Our overall mutual fund market share rose by 26 basis points to 7.38%. AUM 
increased by 24% to Rs. 2,833 billion. Along with the steady increase in AUM market 
share, Nippon India Mutual Fund added more than 7 million investors and has now the 
largest investor base in the industry. We increased our share of unique investor folios to 
36% with a base of 12 million investors. The growth was driven by superior fund 
performance, comprehensive product portfolio, strong governance framework, robust 
presence in the passive segment and granular distribution network. In line with our 
‘Investor First’ philosophy, we keep expanding our product suite to cater to the investors’ 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
April 26, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 16 
varied and diverse needs. In FY2022, we launched several innovative and industry-first 
products. Across seven NFOs, Nippon India Mutual Fund garnered assets over Rs. 40 
billion from 275,000 investors. Other such unique offerings in the pipeline include S&P EV 
index fund, the innovation fund and the Artificial Intelligence Fund of Fund. In total, 11 
schemes have been filed for regulatory approvals. These products will give investors more 
value accretive avenues to diversify risk and generate sustainable returns. Here, I would like 
to reiterate that even in the future, we will focus on strong asset growth but never at the 
expense of profitability. With a key retail focus, we have one of the largest retail AUMs in 
the industry at Rs. 764 billion. The contribution of retail AUM to total AUM is amongst the 
highest in the industry at 28% compared to industry, which is 23%. We are amongst the 
leaders in beyond-30 city category. The category contributed an AUM of Rs. 478 billion. 
17.2% of the total assets were sourced from these locations against an industry average of 
16.6%. As on March 31, 2022, 70% of the individual assets have a vintage of more than 12 
months. The annualised systematic transaction book is at Rs. 88 billion. On a gross basis, 
systematic folios rose by 1.6 million in FY2022. Our systematic AUM rose by 30% to Rs. 
514 billion. 48% of our SIP AUM has continued for over five years vis-à-vis 21% for the 
industry. Also, in volatile markets, folio with lower ticket size had demonstrated longer 
vintage and better stickiness. 12% of our SIP folios have continued for more than five years 
against the industry average of 8%. Today, Nippon India Mutual Fund offers an industry-
best suite of products in the passive category. With the strong growth in industry’s passive 
assets, our ETF ecosystem is already in place and far ahead of its peers in terms of investor 
base and mind share. In this segment, we manage an AUM of Rs. 558 billion and have a 
market share of 14%. Excluding the EPFO allocation that goes to two specific mutual 
funds, we would be the largest ETF player in the country. The gold ETF is the biggest in 
this category with Rs. 66 billion in assets. Nippon India Mutual Fund’s share in industry 
ETF folios rose to 58%. In this fiscal, we added 6 million investors and accounted for 
nearly 70% of the total ETF folio additions in the industry. Nippon India had 68% share of 
ETF volumes on NSE and BSE. Our ETF average daily volume across key funds is higher 
than the rest of the industry. As a well-diversified asset management company, we have 
begun to grow our non-mutual fund business segments over the last few years. With the 
government mandates, we manage assets of Rs. 682 billion in non-mutual fund segments. 
The offshore business has assets of Rs. 114 billion under management and advisory. 
Leveraging Nippon Life’s global network, we continue to ramp up our international 
presence. Multiple products, which are in approval stage with the regulator, are a step in 
that direction. In our AIF business, we manage CAT 2 and CAT 3 AIFs across various asset 
classes. As of March 2022, Nippon India AIF has raised commitments of Rs. 45 billion 
across all funds. Online and digital assets have become a strong source of investor 
acquisition and communication. Keeping our millennial investor in centre, we have a 3600 
integrated framework for acquiring, on-boarding and gauging and reengaging with such 
digital investors. Beneath this framework lies the science that has been created and 
improvised overtime with digital power houses like Google, Meta, Adobe suite of products. 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
April 26, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 16 
The focus is towards creating a digital experience that is friendly, futuristic and frictionless 
for our partners and investors. In FY2022, digital platforms contributed 58% of our total 
new purchase transactions. Over 3 million purchases were executed through digital assets - 
an increase of 63%. Nippon India Mutual Fund has a well diversified and a nimble 
distribution base. As on March 2022, we have over 84,300 distributors empanelled with us. 
The MFD base rose to approximately 84,100 - an addition of over 500 distributors during 
this quarter. Also, we have ongoing tie-ups with 20 prominent digital partners. Direct 
channel contributed 56% of the mutual fund AUM. Of the distributed assets, the share of 
MFDs was 59%. 81% of distributed asset are contributed by individual investors. Nippon 
India Mutual Fund has a wide presence through 270 locations across the country. We 
continue to review our existing branch operations and future expansion plans. In recent 
quarters, our marketing assets are increasingly focused more on digital channels, which are 
more cost effective as against offline advertising. Now on our financial performance. For 
the year ended March 31, 2022, the profit after tax was Rs. 7.4 billion - an increase of 9%. 
Operating profit increased by 46% to Rs. 7.6 billion. Operating profit, as a ratio of average 
assets under management, rose from 25 basis points in FY2021 to 28 basis points in 
FY2022. Our aim is to create sustainable value through growth across asset classes, and 
cost optimization initiatives resulting in an expanding and favorable operating leverage. We 
continue to focus on increasing the diversity in our revenue streams. Towards this 
endeavour, I am happy to state the revenue from non-mutual fund business rose by 19% in 
FY2022 and contributed 11% of the consolidated core revenue. We continue to grow 
organically through physical and online channels. Additionally, we remain open to evaluate 
investments in strategic opportunities that add value to the profitability or complement the 
existing businesses and, ultimately are in the interest of the minority shareholders. The 
board has approved the final dividend of Rs. 7.5 per share. This is in addition to the interim 
dividend of Rs. 3.5. With this, it is the highest dividend announced by the company with a 
total of Rs. 11 during the financial year. As a signatory to UN-PRI, the world's largest 
voluntary corporate sustainability initiative, NAM India aims to create and nurture a world 
class performance driven and socially responsible ecosystem. Integration of ESG aspects 
into strategy, operations and risk management will help us outride the dynamic markets and 
build long-term relationship with our stakeholders. We have introduced a formal ESG 
framework in FY2022. We intend to develop responsible investment strategies to build a 
resilient portfolio that will not only provide superior return to our investors but will also 
have a positive environmental and social impact. In line with the stewardship responsibility, 
we continue to monitor and engage with all our investee companies, in the best interest of 
unitholders. In FY2022, Nippon India Mutual Fund voted against more than 620 resolutions 
in our investee companies, in the interest of our unitholders. To sum up, I would like to 
reiterate that, at NAM India, investor centricity remains the key theme. We strive to deliver 
a complete product suite customized to the investor needs, superior fund performance, 
efficient client servicing based on the comprehensive digital ecosystem. We are confident to 
continue a trend of profitable growth in the coming quarters. Before concluding, I would 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
April 26, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 16 
also like to welcome our two new board members from Nippon Life - Kimura Sun and Yao 
Sun. Kimura Sun serves as Managing Executive Officer, Head of Global Business at 
Nippon Life. He has an extensive experience in asset management operations on a global 
scale. Yao Sun is the Regional CEO of Asia Pacific Nippon Life. He is an industry veteran 
with over 25 years of experience in insurance sector. We are sure with the induction of such 
esteemed individuals, we would strengthen our board and we will continuously gain from 
their valuable guidance, specifically in the areas of planning, risk management, awareness 
and synergies with Nippon Life Global operations. With these comments we are happy to 
take any questions. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first 
question is from the line of Viraj from Securities Investment Management Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Viraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for good set of numbers in such a 
challenging environment. I just have a couple of questions. The first is if you look at our 
B30 share as a share of our own AUM and if they compare it to the industry trend, the gap 
between us and the industry seems to be shrinking and that is the trend that is evolving and 
if I also look at a broader launch pipeline which you have shared in the presentation, most 
are in the passive space. So you have ETF or index fund and not much in active equity 
space per se. So just trying to kind of understand how we are kind of looking at increasing 
our market share especially in the active equity space where there has not been much 
success in terms of gaining share per se for us. So just trying to understand the broader 
perspective there and a related question to that is if you look at the yield. That seems to be 
further moderating and if I look at the last 15 days also, there is a very sharp fall in the 
yield. So would pricing be a major lever to drive the AUM growth? Just trying to 
understand the equation between or the interplay between pricing and market share 
especially in equity? Thank you. 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Viraj, I will take a part of some of the question and for balance, I will invite Prateek. Firstly, 
let me take your question on B30. We continue focusing on execution and the fact that we 
have added nearly 70 lakh new investors is a testimony towards that. While the gap that you 
talked is on the AUM, we continue building on retail and there may be a lag effect. With 
these new investors, you will see them topping up in times to come. Number two, your 
question on equity. Yes. Last two years, we had a little pressure on equity. As you would 
appreciate and, you can see, our equity performance has been improving and normally for 
equity performance, whenever there is one year improvement and three year keeps 
improving, I think the flow starts increasing. Just to put things in perspective, if I was to 
divide this entire financial year into four quarters, in the first quarter, because the equity 
redemptions were high, we had a negative number. But every quarter after that, the number 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
April 26, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 16 
kept improving and the net positive number for Q4 was in excess of Rs. 2,000 crore. So, the 
positive trend is already visible, and from our perspective, we will continue to keep 
focusing on execution. We believe that, like fixed income and overall market share has 
gone up, in equity also, the trends seem to be positive and the on-ground pulse that we get 
tells us that you will see, with the lag effect, in three to four quarters, the equity market 
share also moving up. As far as the new products are concerned, we have always believed 
to be more investor centric and trying to complete our product suite. I think that the 
approach is not to see whether it is active or passive. I think we continue to keep evaluating 
products which can add value to the investors and they may happen to be active or passive. 
So, we continue working on completing our product suite. As for the realization, Prateek, if 
you could just throw a little light on that. 
Prateek Jain: 
Viraj, the change in the last week of March is more to do with the compliance part of it. I 
think we mentioned it last year as well. What happens is that we have to ensure that all the 
expenses pertaining to the scheme have to be accounted in the scheme and we cannot 
measure it to the last decimal. Therefore, what happens is, in certain schemes where 
expenses are reduced or where expenses have increased, we need to just give these notices 
and, therefore there is a small change. But then those are resurrected back in the first week 
of April itself, so those are just to make sure that we are fully compliant with the regulation 
that all expenses of the schemes are borne by scheme itself. Therefore, you will see there is 
some dip in the management fees, not the TER realization. So that is one thing. But if you 
look at the overall basis, our regular realization stands at about 49 basis points as against 52 
basis points. Yes, of course, there has been pressure on the yields. Obviously, as I 
mentioned in my last call also, there are multiple reasons including the mix, the size of the 
funds, and the rates which competition is offering, etc., and also because the old AUM is 
getting replaced with the new AUM. So, there has been slight pressure on the yields. But, if 
you see on a PAT to AUM basis or rather on the operating income basis, we have made 
about 28 bps of realization as against 25 bps last year. This clearly demonstrates that despite 
a decline in the overall revenue to AUM yield, we have been able to improve our net yields 
and therefore operating yields are better as compared to last year. 
Viraj: 
Just two follow-ups, one is on the B30 strategy. Sometime back, we had put physical 
expansion, center expansion on hold and our thinking was, we will kind of wait and focus 
more on digital. Is there now clarity in terms of what route we are taking in coming years 
regarding the B30 expansion? So anything further you can elaborate in that sense and the 
kind of investments will be needed to support that? That is one and, the second is, why I 
talked about the yield part is because the competitive intensity is still by and large the same 
and there are players who kind of are willing to operate at a much more lower profit spread 
in a bid to gain share? Relatively the performance has also been much better for them if I 
look at one, three, and five year basis, so just trying to understand what will be our pricing 
strategy, given that operating environment? 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
April 26, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Viraj, as I mentioned in my opening comments, I think our focus will be on profitable 
growth. We are very focused that we will not be doing any business at a loss. So we will not 
be swayed by even if competition is going to be charging less or paying more. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Surana from CLSA India Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Surana: 
Congratulations on the results. The first question is in terms of dividend policy. This year 
you almost paid out 90% kind of a payout on dividend. So what will be the policy in terms 
of dividend payout going forward? Secondly in terms of revenues, our revenues are flat 
quarter-on-quarter whereas if you see the markets as well as AUM, there is hardly any 
growth. So I just wanted to know if there is any lumpy revenue that is included in this 
quarter? 
Prateek Jain: 
For the second part Mohit, last year also this question had come. This quarter has actually 
two days less as compared to the previous quarter, and the average AUM actually has fallen 
on the equity side because of the mark-to-market. So, obviously, since equity contributes 
for a large part of it, there is a flat growth. But effectively if you take the two-day more 
revenue, you would have seen some improvement in the revenue as well. So that is one 
answer for it. I will ask Sundeep to talk on the dividend policy piece here. 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Mohit, as we have demonstrated in the past, as per our dividend policy, we have been 
rewarding the shareholders with high dividend. This year, on a standalone basis, it is 96% 
actually, not 90%. 96% of the standalone profits have been given back as dividend. I think 
we will continue a similar policy of rewarding the shareholders with higher dividend. We, 
at this point of time, have adequate capital net worth to explore all M&A activities, which is 
a continuous part of our journey, and which we keep doing. So, I think as far as the profits 
are concerned, broadly 100% of the profits will be distributed as dividend going forward 
also. 
Mohit Surana: 
Thanks a lot. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Good evening again and congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, could you just explain the 
point on the yield discussion. So you mentioned that you think legacy assets to newer assets 
transition has created an impact. So, firstly, what would be our mix today in terms of share 
of those legacy assets in the portfolio which will be the lower trail, and that will be helpful 
if you could give some color there? Secondly, do you think that the intensity of this 
transition would reduce going ahead, given that the bulk of the asset will reduce going 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
April 26, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 16 
ahead, especially for the direct equity scheme. So that is one part, and secondly on the other 
income bit. Basically, we have seen an increase inspite of the yields rising. Could you give 
some color on the other income front? 
Prateek Jain: 
In terms of ageing, we do not disclose the exact composition of the ageing. But if you see 
the last few years, we have seen significant amount of outflows. So all the assets, which 
will be remaining, are sticky assets. The recent assets, what we have got in the last two 
years, have been the new assets. In terms of the overall, I would say that still it would be in 
the range of closer to 50:50. But I do not see that the old assets to go out because most of 
them are now part of the SIP area, and hence those assets will continue. You are right that 
incrementally whatever assets we gain, will be on a lower yield. But again, as I mentioned, 
our focus remains on PAT to total revenue ratio. If we are clocking about 50%, we will try 
to manage around that. We will try to maintain a base of 50%. Whatever decline in yield 
would be there, the operating leverage will take care of it. So that will be the whole thought 
process and that is how we will be driving our pricing strategy as well, to ensure that we 
have a sustainable growth. 
Sundeep Sikka: 
70% of the individual assets are more than 12 months. So obviously, most of the assets are 
already one year old now. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that and another question on the other income? Essentially, sequentially, the other 
income increased in spite of the fact that the yields had hardened. So what was the reason 
for the increase in the other income? 
Prateek Jain: 
Predominantly, it could be the asset increase. Most of our assets now are in our own fixed 
income mutual funds. We have brought down our equity exposure and, in terms in the fixed 
income also, broadly most of our assets are in the one-to-three year category. 
Prayesh Jain: 
But still I did not understand the reason for the increase in the other income sequentially 
considering that the yields had hardened so much during the quarter? 
Prateek Jain: 
Correspondingly, it is about Rs. 34 crore versus Rs. 31 crore. So I don’t think there is any 
significant difference. Predominantly, it is the impact of mark-to-market and that too was 
on the last day. This mark-to-market is on the last date, so we have to see it as of December 
31 versus March 31. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just slipping in one more question on the debt side. You have seen a lot of outflows for the 
industry this year, how do you see the debt flows going ahead for the industry as well as 
Nippon? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
I will request Aashwin Dugal to take this question. 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
April 26, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Aashwin Dugal: 
I think this year what we envisage overall is that yields will continue to harden. The FED 
policy and central banks, all over the world. Hence, most of the flows should come into the 
shorter end of the curve. So consequently, we would see some outflows from long-end 
category and more consolidation in the liquid and ultra short-term category. So, at overall 
levels, we do not see overall numbers going down on debt, but the construct of the flows 
could change. Because corporates and some other entities will continue to raise money, 
hence you could see money coming in for more cash management purposes, and we could 
possibly see the long-term investments being postponed to end of this year or next financial 
year, depending on how the interest situation plays out. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Thanks. That is helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Viraj from Securities 
Investment Management. Please go ahead. 
Viraj: 
The question I had asked on the B30 strategy in terms of physical versus digital and the 
investments, I think got missed. So just wanted an update on that? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
I think, broadly at this point of time because we are present at 270 locations, there will not 
be a lot more expansion, new branch expansion. Even if we do, it would be very minor. So 
there will not be any major investment into that. But we will continue investing in the 
digital space. We have already gone vernacular in that. So that strategy of investing in 
digital will be continuous. But, at this point of time, we are in 270 physical branches. After 
270 branches, we feel maybe few could be added, but it will not be any significant number. 
Viraj: 
What kind of investments we are making in the digital, just generally to get a perspective? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
We will not be able to give a specific number on the investments in digital. But the only 
investment that we are doing at this point of time has been the substantial investment in the 
digital space, because I think, we are investing in the ecosystem, creating a lot of our 
proprietary stuff. Also, we have hired for data scientists to work on few things. So a lot of 
things. It will be difficult to put an exact number, but it clearly remains a very important 
focus area for us. 
Viraj: 
What I was trying to get at is, is it a lot of investment capital-led? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
I do not think that from a capital point of view, at this point of view, it will not make a 
meaningful impact in the profitability in the years to come. 
Viraj: 
Just one last suggestion on some of the ESOP plans we have. They have an exercise price of 
somewhere around 370 – 390. The current price is 330 and some of the days it is actually 
even lower. I mean, why do not we just explore at buying shares from the market and 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
April 26, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 16 
meeting the ESOP obligation. Just a suggestion something we can think on that. Essentially, 
we are sitting on a sizable surplus cash. We can use some of that to buy from the market 
and probably with that meet the ESOP obligation which we would have. So this is the 
suggestion, something we can explore on that front? 
Prateek Jain: 
We have taken your suggestions. The board will appropriately take this matter up because 
this is more to do with the capital markets and shareholding. It is the prerogative of the 
board as well as the shareholders, so we will take your recommendations and we will put it 
across the board. 
Viraj: 
Sure, and for the ESOP, is the bulk of it now done? Should we expect that to kind of 
moderate going forward or how should one look at it? 
Prateek Jain: 
Obviously, largely, most of those have been accounted. Obviously, there will be more new 
ESOPs grant, which will be vesting in the next four years, but this will not be as significant 
as what we have given originally. 
Viraj: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Thanvi from Banyan Tree Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Thank you and congratulations on good set of numbers. I had broadly two questions. One 
was on our SIP market share. While you did mention that we have started seeing inflows 
but still our market share continues to trend down. Any thoughts on that, and secondly 
while you did talk about the fact that the falling yield in equity would be taken care by the 
operating leverage that we see in the business. Whereas if you look at an overall basis, the 
recent launches and the upcoming launches would be on the passive side of the business, 
right? So, if one were to look at the overall yields from a three to five year perspective, how 
does one look at it because, of course, the passive would have a lower realization, revenue 
realization. So how the overall realizations would look in the next three to five years on a 
structural basis, because at one side, we will see equity is coming down, and the second 
side, we will see the share of passives going up, which again are lower yielding. These are 
two questions that I had. 
Sundeep Sikka: 
I will request Saugata Chatterjee to take the first question and after that, Prateek will come 
back for the second question please. 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
With regard to SIPs, if you see the trend line this year, quarter-on-quarter, our SIP market 
share, both from the SIP addition point of view, which is the actual SIP numbers coming in 
and, the SIP input value, have seen an increasing trend. As we speak, we are also tracking 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
April 26, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 16 
the market share we are getting in that space. Going forward, the way our trend line has 
been reflecting in the last two to three quarters, it clearly shows that the market share 
growth on the SIP side also will start happening because they are correlated. The equity 
gross sales, net sales growth and the SIPs market share, they are all correlated and, like 
Sundeep mentioned earlier, the trend line clearly shows that, going forward, with increasing 
SIP flows coming into our funds, the retention improving, the net SIP market share also will 
start growing. So, the trend line is clearly positive and hence we are optimistic about the 
flows going forward. Did that answer your question? 
Kunal Thanvi: 
I got it. 
Prateek Jain: 
From a business model perspective, obviously due to the composition of ETFs or passives, 
the overall yields will be under pressure, but we do not see in that way. What we do is we 
segment active versus passive differently, and in active also, equity, fixed income and other 
areas separately. So, obviously, what we need to do is we need to keep working on each of 
these segments and ensure that our yields remain steady. We continue to grow on an 
absolute basis and if you see, in the last two - three years also, we have seen a compression 
of two to three basis points in the yields. But I think, broadly that is getting offset because 
of the growth, so that will continue. From the passive perspective, what one has to see is 
that this is a new set of AUM which is coming in and, the recent growth is a classic 
example that assets have started growing much faster. I think the asset growth will take care 
of the absolute profitability. So going forward, you will continue to see asset growth is 
faster than the revenue growth, that is likely to happen. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Thanks. One last question if I can try and squeeze is on the overall competitive situation in 
the market. Since we have seen some softness in the NFO on the active side and, of course 
two problems. One, the newer assets were coming at a lower yield, but again there was a lot 
of distribution commissions that were being paid out across the industry because of the 
NFO season. With that softening, are we seeing any normalization in the distributor 
commissions? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Kunal, as I mentioned earlier in the opening comments, every company will have a different 
strategy. I think our focus remains on profitable growth and we will not be acquiring 
business, which is not profitable for us. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Got it. All the very best and thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jignesh Shial from InCred Capital. Please 
go ahead. 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
April 26, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Jignesh Shial: 
Thanks a lot. Just wanted to reconfirm. Did you say that in case the yield softens further 
from hereon, you will be able to manage expenses and accordingly revenue to profit should 
be somewhere around 50%? Is my understanding correct? 
Prateek Jain: 
In terms of the operating revenue, net operating revenue to the revenue is about 58%. So 
that is what I have mentioned and, if assets keep growing and there is no incremental cost, 
whatever we are earning on an incremental asset and, there is no incremental cost, operating 
revenue goes up by that much. So we have that much flexibility at this point of time, given 
that opex growth will be more or less in line with the inflation and thereabouts, while asset 
growth would continue to be in excess of 20% to 25%. So even if you see the last decade, 
the industry has grown in excess of 20% CAGR despite the volatility in terms of COVID or 
the geopolitical situation. Except for the one quarter, there was no decline in the industry 
AUM, which speaks volumes. Also, the SIP input value, which declined a bit in the first 
half, has come back from an 8,600 crore of total SIP book to about 12,300 crore odd. Both 
these things show that the industry is on a secular trend and, given the fact that we are so 
underpenetrated at just about 18% of GDP, we have a long way to go. If the asset growth 
remains at this pace and our cost increment remains more or less constant, then we will be 
able to manage these ratios. 
Jignesh Shial: 
Understood, so basically operating leverage is going to play out a good business? 
Prateek Jain: 
Absolutely. 
Jignesh Shial: 
Understood. Second, also from the debt and liquid concept. Is my understanding correct that 
liquid flow will still be slow at least in the near term, till the time we do not see a clarity or 
this interest rate rising regime gets settled out? We will see a momentum in liquid more 
compared to debt, is that understanding correct? 
Aashwin Dugal: 
To some extent, you are right. So we are still in the first quarter, first month of the first 
quarter. But, at the same time, I would like to mention that a large part of the action that is 
anticipated by the central bank has already been built in into the yields, both in India and 
overseas. So, going forward, whatever action happens, you would see a knee-jerk reaction, 
but from hereon at least, it would be shorter for the next one quarter. In one or two quarters, 
you will see some inflows in the liquid plus ultra short-term funds, but thereafter, as things 
start playing out, the trends might change. It will be beyond the first two quarters. 
Jignesh Shial: 
Absolutely. I just want one number. Can I get the gold ETF number, if possible? Gold ETF 
AUM, last time, was somewhere around Rs. 6,500 crore. 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Some 7,000 crore. The exact number will be a little sub of 7,000. 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
April 26, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Jignesh Shial: 
This is more like a strategy kind of a question that I had. One, I am glad to see that a couple 
of our schemes are really coming up pretty well and that is somewhere we are also building 
in that active equity share should see a rise. Apart from this anything specific you want to 
mention, specifically on the marketing or on the sales side. How we are tackling it up as far 
as equity AUM share is concerned i.e. if you want to highlight something more on it and 
number two, how do you see consolidation happening in the AMC industry in general. I 
mean we are definitely getting into a segment where our people despite having a lot of 
uncertainty due to COVID, people kept on investing in mutual fund. So how do you see 
next three years kind of view? Do you see more consolidation happen, large players 
dominating more, or branded guys are able to dominate more? Just couple of lines from 
your side would be really helpful. 
Sundeep Sikka: 
You have asked too many questions. I do not know how I will be able to answer in this call. 
What I will try to do in the next two or three minutes is to give you some granularity. From 
our perspective, broadly, we have always mentioned that this industry is a very simple 
industry. The key to success is execution and, we are going to continue executing. Most 
important part of the strategy is what to do and also what not to do. So one thing we have 
decided is that, for us, retail remains a very, very important part because it is not very easy 
to execute, and we have been able to get that secret sauce right. The fact is that during the 
year 70 lakhs investors were added. If you look at the data, what has been added is more 
than the investor base of many mutual funds in India, which have been there for more than 
two decades. We also clearly believe that once an investor comes, he will only keep topping 
it up. As in India the per capita income goes up, other avenues to invest the money into 
capital markets, through mutual funds, will keep increasing. To your other point about what 
has happened in the last 2-3 years during COVID, we saw a lot of investors come into 
capital markets and also to the mutual fund industry. We believe both complement each 
other. If anybody comes into the capital markets in one form or the other, this money 
eventually will also come into mutual funds. Work from home is over and everyone has to 
go back to the day job. The trading will go away, and people will have to invest for long 
term. We clearly see that once you have been exposed to capital markets, you will come 
into mutual funds and, finally when we look at our own data, we have seen there is a 
convergence, they have crosspollination. We see ETF investors also move into active and 
active move into ETF. So, from our perspective, we are very strong on both the sides. I am 
very excited about the next three years. As far as the strategy you asked, the strategy 
remains exactly the same and execution is going to be the key. To your final question of 
consolidation, India can have many more asset management companies at this point of time. 
Also, the percentage of unique investors is less than 3% - 4% of the population. But the 
winners are going to be the ones who can execute and, execution in the smaller cities and 
towns will hold the key. 
Jignesh Shial: 
Absolutely, really thankful. That is really helpful. Thank you and all the best. 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
April 26, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ronak Chheda from Awriga Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Ronak Chheda: 
Just one question Sir, if I heard you correctly, did you say that the transition of the AUM to 
full trail has been 50%? is that what I picked up when you were answering to an earlier 
participant? 
Prateek Jain: 
It is not transition because our overall assets have grown. So, as of March, we were close to 
62,000 crore. Today, we are about Rs. 1,15,000 crore odd. There has been substantial 
market increase as well. So, if I capture that number and there has been addition to the 
AUM and, of course, there has been outflow happening. So, predominantly at this point of 
time, the old assets would be about 50% odd of the total equity assets. 
Ronak Chheda: 
Got it, so just to get a sense qualitatively as well. So, of the total AUM, what percentage or 
what share would be based on trail fee and what would be that number. Not a specific one, 
just a ballpark? 
Prateek Jain: 
Today, 100% of the assets are on full trail because upfront trail is not allowed at all. So 
100% of the assets are on the trail model now. 
Ronak Chheda: 
Stock AUM as well? 
Prateek Jain: 
Yes. 
Sundeep Sikka: 
But those trails are what they have been at that point of time. So, the trail has not been 
increased, the past trail remains the one what we have committed at that point of time. 
Ronak Chheda: 
I am asking more from the new trail fee? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
After 2018, there is only trail. The assets which were acquired prior to 2018, will continue 
to get the trail, whatever was committed in those years. So, let us say, there was 
commitment of zero trail, then those are on zero trail now. 
Ronak Chheda: 
My question is of the AUM as on March 31, what would be the percentage of AUM was on 
trail model? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
We do not disclose that data. 
Ronak Chheda: 
Anything qualitatively also would be helpful. I understand that cannot be 100%, but 
anything qualitatively, more than 50%, less than 50%? 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
April 26, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Prateek Jain: 
No. We do not comment on that data. But we have taken your suggestion. We will evaluate, 
going forward if any additional disclosures required to this fact. 
Ronak Chheda: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siji Philip from Mirae Asset. Please go 
ahead. 
Siji Philip: 
Good evening Sir. Congrats on a good set of numbers. Most of my questions have been 
answered. Just one question, the company's passive fund strategy has been playing out quite 
well, so any proportional limit in mind for the passive fund as a percentage of the AUM? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
From our perspective we see it in isolation. I think these are different business lines and the 
investors will decide. We do not have this thing that what percentage can be passive and 
active. We clearly believe both active and passive are taking care of different needs of 
investors and have opportunity to grow multiple times from here. 
Siji Philip: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity again. Just a couple of questions on the cost front. So, if I look 
at your other expenses, that is like at the lowest level for past many quarters. So are there 
any one-offs or this kind of run rate can sustain? Secondly, on the fees and commission 
expenses, those are at a significantly higher level, I mean, is there any one-offs there? 
Prateek Jain: 
This is just from PMS and AIF side. When we pay some expenses related to the acquisition 
of assets, those get accounted in here, whereas for all the mutual fund expenses, it is 
completely on trail model. So no expenses are accounted in this line item. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Number two, on other expenses if I look, we have been continuously seeing us sustaining a 
decline in this number and there are Rs. 30 crore. Is the run rate for this quarter, do you 
think, sustainable? 
Prateek Jain: 
No. I have been mentioning it for the last two or three quarters now that going forward, we 
will try to reduce our expenses as much as possible, but the headroom available now is 
very, very limited. Also, given the inflation, expenses from here are likely to increase. But 
what we will do is we will keep looking at opportunities in terms of automation, in terms of 
outsourcing, wherever possible. We will try to bring our cost of operations down, but any 
kind of further significant decrease from here, is not envisaged at this moment. 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
April 26, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Prayesh Jain: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ravi Purav from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Ravi Purav: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to confirm one thing that the dropping yields in 
Q4, was purely because of managing the TER and, the Q1 of next year we are seeing better 
investment yields? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
The revenue has declined because of the two days. The TER change is to comply with the 
SEBI regulations where all the expenses of the scheme have to be borne by the scheme 
itself, and therefore, for the entire year, we keep reviewing it. So there will be cases where 
there will be something deficits, there will be cases where there will be surplus. So cases 
where we have a buffer, we will take up the additional management fees and cases where 
we have a deficit, we have to decline or reduce our management fee. 
Ravi Purav: 
In Q1 FY2023, in the month of April, are we seeing some reversals on this number? 
Prateek Jain: 
That is right, yes. If you go and see in terms of disclosure, you will see that those are being 
restated back. Someone had asked this question in the month of October itself. There have 
been some changes like that for certain schemes. All of those communications are there in 
the public domain. If you look at it, they were restated back. 
Ravi Purav: 
Got it. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Akshay Jain for closing comments. 
Akshay Jain: 
Thank you everyone for joining this call today and thank you to the team, Nippon Life India 
Asset Management for giving us this opportunity to host the call. Thank you and goodbye. 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Thank you everyone. Thanks for joining. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of JM Financial that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
