 
 
 
 
 
May 2, 2022 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Services, 
Piroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Listing: http://listing.bseindia.com   
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,                       
    
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 
Listing: https://www.connect2nse.com/LISTING/ 
 
Re: 
Security 
BSE 
NSE 
ISIN 
Equity Shares  
532313 
MAHLIFE 
INE813A01018 
 
     
     
Sub:   Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 
2022 - Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”) 
 
Ref:  Intimation of earnings conference call vide letter dated April 18, 2022 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
This is further to our letter dated April 18, 2022, wherein we had given advance intimation of 
the earnings conference call scheduled to be held on Thursday, April 28, 2022, with several 
Analysts/Institutional Investors/Funds on the Annual Audited Financial Results of the 
Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2022 (“Financial Results”).  
 
In compliance with Regulation 30(6) read with Schedule III and other applicable provisions of 
the Listing Regulations, we hereby inform you that the Company on Thursday, April 28, 2022, 

 
 
 
 
 
concluded its earnings conference call with several Analysts/Institutional Investors/Funds on 
the Financial Results. The transcript of the said call hosted by the Company for the financial 
results of the quarter and year ended March 31, 2022, has been attached herewith and also 
made available on the Company’s website at the following link, within the timeline prescribed 
under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015: 
 
https://mldlprodstorage.blob.core.windows.net/live/2022/05/MahindraLifespace_Q4FY22-
Earnings-call.pdf 
 
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination. 
 
For Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
 
Ankit Shah 
Assistant Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS 26552 
 
 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited Q4 FY-22 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARVIND SUBRAMANIAN – MD & CEO, 
MAHINDRA LIFESPACES DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
MR. VIMAL AGARWAL – CFO, MAHINDRA 
LIFESPACES DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
MR. SUMIT KASAT – HEAD (INVESTOR RELATIONS) 
MR. RABINDRA BASU – SR MANAGER (INVESTOR 
RELATIONS) 
MAHINDRA LIFESPACES DEVELOPERS LIMITED 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited Q4 
FY22 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us on this call Mr. Arvind Subramanian – MD 
and CEO, Mr. Vimal Agarwal – CFO and Mr. Sumit Kasat – Head Investor Relations. 
This conference call may contain forward looking statements about the Company which are 
based on beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the Company as on the date of this call. These 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Arvind Subramanian – Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer, Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our Q4 FY22 Earnings Call. 
Firstly, I'd like to thank all of you for participating in this conference call. As you know many 
of our key operating entities in our residential business, like Mahindra Homes and Mahindra 
Happinest and all of our entities in our IC & IC business which is Mahindra World City 
Developers, Mahindra World City Jaipur and Mahindra Integrated Park Chennai and Mahindra 
Integrated Park Private Limited, all these four entities do not get consolidated on a line-by-line 
basis.  
I'd like to start by sharing a little bit of how we see the macro picture is evolving, then turn my 
attention to the performance over the year and how that sets us up for the years to come. 
Firstly, looking at the macro picture, let me again pick up some indicators both on the B2C side 
on the consumer side as well as some on the B2B side: 
• 
On the B2C side, we are seeing particularly for residential real estate, a very clear 
increase in affordability with home loan to income ratio declining to very comforting 
levels. We are seeing a rise in working population. A mark trend towards the 
organization in the decade to come from the low 30s to 40% plus and overall, a low 
mortgage to GDP ratio, so headroom there to grow the book of mortgages. And all of 
this plays well into what we are seeing as signs of a midterm upcycle and residential 
demand. 
• 
On the B2B side which is pertinent to our industrial parks business, India is very 
clearly staking its claim in the global economy. We see this playing out in the global 
politics as well but certainly from an economic perspective, India is one of the largest 
economies, the fifth largest in the world. It was also among the fastest growing nations 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
in FY22 and has embarked on a cycle of massive infrastructure spending. From a geo-
economics perspective India is now well positioned to attract manufacturing 
investment arising from the regionalization of supply chains and the post pandemic 
world where most MNCs are going to think very differently about their country-level 
supply chains. 
Looking at our performance over the last year, let me start with the photo highlights – the four 
areas where we have achieved highest ever performance: 
• 
The first is residential presales, coming in at just over 1000 crores. 
• 
The second is our industrial land leasing at just below 300 crores. 
• 
The third is land acquisition for our residential business, roughly 3 million square feet 
worth of development potential 3800 crores of gross development value. 
• 
The fourth is residential collection that over 1100 crores. All of these have been the 
strongest ever performance we've done as a Company. 
That being said it does feel like it's too early to puff our chest and pat ourselves on the back. It 
almost feels like we have been proud of being the tallest among the seven dwarfs. There's still a 
long way for us to go but this is a great endorsement of the direction that we've taken. We are 
walking the talk in terms of the milestones we've set for ourselves and where we want to be.  
I'd like to break up my commentary on our operating performance over the last year into three 
buckets. And given I personally been on a health journey over the past few months I'm going to 
use a health metaphor, so the leading indicators, the current health indicators and the trailing 
indicators. So, the triglycerides, the fasting blood sugars and HBA1C equivalent of our business. 
Let me start with the lead indicators: 
I see kind of four of them being important: 
• 
The first is talent and we've continued to build and invest in building a fantastic team 
which I am very proud of and I believe is among the best in the peer group, not just at 
the leadership level but at several levels below that in the organization. 
• 
The second is technology; again an area of continued focus and I use technology in a 
broader sense to mean not just IT, digital and things like that but also technology in 
construction, in products and many of you would have noticed some of our recent 
announcements around sustainability and net zero. 
• 
The third is from a lead indicator bucket is presales on the residential business. As I 
mentioned a short while back, we've clocked 1028 crores of pre-sales value last year. 
It's a very healthy mix between the mid-market business and the value housing 
business and is very broad based in terms of geographic and ticket size contributions. 
Close to 90% of this actually has come from sustenance sales. Two of our big launches 
that we were hoping to get through the door in Q4 which was Kanakpura in Bangalore 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
and Luminaire Tower B moved out into the current financial year and despite that 
having clocked more than 1000 crores of  pre-sales is not just a psychological 
threshold that we've put our foot across but also a great endorsement of the capability 
and the commitment of the sales and marketing team. 
• 
Land acquisition is the fourth where again as I mentioned just over 3 million square 
feet of development potential 3800 crores of GDV we've followed that up just last 
week with another 1700 crores, so totally about 5500 crores acquired over the last 13 
months which is again setting us up very well for the years to come.  
In terms of current indicators, I'd pick three of them: 
The first is residential collections clocking in at 1100 crores plus, that has led to a very strong 
operating cashflow of almost 600 crores which is again fantastic and gives us the resources to 
continue to build on our growth trajectory. The most important which is clearly been a highlight 
particularly over Q3 and Q4 is the industrial leasing coming in at just below 300 crores, 298 
crores to be precise, a fantastic performance by Rajaram and his team to really hit the ground 
running there. The good thing about that business is, it's a long cycle sales business and therefore 
we have strong visibility into the current financial year as well. The last year a lot of the heavy 
lifting happened in Jaipur which was very good to see. This year we are seeing a strong pipeline 
already building up in Chennai as well in addition to Jaipur continuing to grow from strength to 
strength. Ahmedabad Origins in Ahmedabad continues to be in a wait and watch mode. We are 
looking for that right anchor client that can position their part correctly. It looks like that's going 
to take a couple of more quarters to manifest.  
The last bucket was the trailing indicators which is our reported financials would fall into that 
bucket. That to my mind is still work in process and I expect the strength of the lead indicators 
and the current indicators to start trickling through and flowing through into the financials over 
the coming years. One of the things you would have noticed there and I'm sure you have 
questions on that is a reversal on impairment in Mahindra Homes at Luminaire. I will just offer 
you one view on that and Vimal will elaborate on the actual accounting and the financials behind 
that which is that the strong performance in Luminaire, the fact that we were able to not just sell 
out both Tower A and Tower C which are the two launched towers but also realize a higher price 
than we had originally envisaged has contributed to this reversal of impairment.  
With that let me turn it over to Vimal and I will request him to take you through the highlights 
of our financial performance.  
Vimal Agarwal: 
Thank you Arvind. Moving on to the performance for Quarter 4 FY22: 
The consolidated income stood at Rs. 155 crores as against 33 crores in Q3 F22 and 58 crores 
in Q4 F21. The consolidated EBITDA including other income and share profits from JVs stood 
at negative 15 crores as against 20 crores in Q3 F22 and negative 30 crores in Q4 F21. The 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
consolidated PAT after non-controlling interest stood at 137 crores as against 25 crores in Q3 
F22 and a loss of 27 crores in Q4 F21.  
Financial performance for full year ‘22 versus ‘21 is as follows: 
The consolidated total income stood at 408 crores as against 188 crores in FY21. The 
consolidated EBITDA including other income in share of profit from JV stood at 15.5 crores as 
against a loss of 59.8 crores in FY21. The consolidated PAT after non-controlling interest stood 
at 154.5 crores as against a loss of 71.7 crores in FY21. Your Company has debt of 280 crores 
at consolidated level as per Ind-AS accounting while cash in hand and bank as on 31st March 
was around 225 crores. The cost of debt continues to be very competitive at about 6.5% at 
consolidated level and 5.7% at MLDL standalone level.  
As Arvind mentioned during the year MHPL, specifically Luminaire project saw significant 
increase in sales with improvement in selling price, velocity, volumes and collections from the 
project. Also, we had done a buyback of equity shares there. Based on this the Company has 
evaluated the carrying value of its investment and on the basis of estimated net present value of 
forecasted cashflow expected to be generated from this entity we have reversed the impairment 
by about 97 crores in consolidated book. So, these were the key highlights. I'll request if we can 
open the lines for questions from participants, please. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Adhidev Chattopadhyay from ICICI Securities.  
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
First question that I have is on this there's now lot of talk about input cost inflation considering 
whatever global events have been happening in last few months. Could you throw some light 
over last 12 months or last 3-4 months what has been the overall increase in construction cost 
and consulting the mix ready, under construction and new launches whichever is coming up, 
what would be the overall impact on the input cost and any price hikes you're taking to mitigate 
the impact? If you could give some overall picture.  
Arvind Subramanian: 
So overall as you rightly pointed out, there's been significant input cost inflation anywhere from 
50% to 100% increase in some of the key commodities, steel, cement, aluminium, copper, 
plastics all have gone through the roof. More recently with oil prices also increasing, that has 
increased the logistics costs of bringing materials and etc. Overall, we have seen somewhere 
between a 12% to 15% increase in construction cost which is roughly a 300 to 450 basis points 
margin impact. The way we are seeking to mitigate that is through three broad buckets of work. 
One is value engineering and design efficiency. The second is around procurement and 
contracting techniques. So consolidated buying, long-term contracts, forward purchasing etc. of 
some of the key materials and the third is pricing. You specifically asked how we are doing on 
pricing; across the portfolio we've had a discipline of increasing prices quarter-on-quarter by 
anywhere from 1.5% to 2%. So that is the default increase across the portfolio. Any project that 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
is not able to support that kind of increase has to justify why that increase can’t happen as 
opposed to the other way around and as a result of that plus some other wherever we see demand 
strength we take price up faster. We've had a price increase ranging between 4% to 14% across 
the different projects over last year. We are in a good space from a pricing perspective.  
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
If we were to understand correctly whatever mitigation on either on the supply side and on the 
pricing, it should have a minimal impact on the margins, which maybe not more than 2%-3% or 
is it neutral?  
Arvind Subramanian: 
The way to think about this is, it varies by project and depending on how much is sold early. So, 
the irony of it is some of our best performing projects where a lot of inventory was sold at launch 
and are now facing cost inflation is where the margin hit will be the most because we have very 
little residual inventory left to absorb that cost increase. If you look at it from a portfolio 
perspective, I'm fairly confident that overall, we are able to mitigate this cost increase.  
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Next question is on whatever land deals we have done in the past, 1300 crores in FY22 and 
obviously the new one which has announced in Pune, if you could elaborate what are the 
payment terms? For example, for Pune is it again an outright you are paying all of it upfront or 
all the staggered payments.  
Arvind Subramanian: 
The most recent transaction in Pune is an upfront acquisition. So, it's fully acquired and then we 
are responsible for everything you're on from approvals etc.  
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
So, we would have utilized the cash on books as on March or some debt to make the payment, 
right?  
Arvind Subramanian: 
Yes, that's right because a large part, a reasonable part of the cash on books as of 31st March is 
being used to acquire that land.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of from Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
If I go back little bit in the history, so we had given guidance of 20 to 25 billion of new GDV 
additions, earlier we used to smaller projects 500-600 crores. Now the size has gone up, we're 
doing upwards of 2000-1000. My question is the guidance was based that the 2500 guidance 
was based on premise of adding 20 billion to 25 billion of new GDV addition. Now we have two 
things happening. One that the sizes have gone up, so we will get faster approvals and we can 
bring these projects to market faster because earlier we had multiple projects, now we'll have 2-
3 large projects. Second thing is that there has been outperformance and new addition from 20 
to 25 billion almost now we are adding close to 4000 crores. Today also in the morning on CNBC 
you said that we may see a repeat performance in FY23. My question is why are we still 
maintaining that guidance of reaching 2500 crores of sales? On these two counts we are seriously 
outperforming. That's my first question.  

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Yes, as I said these are two lead indicators that set us up well for the journey going forward but 
those do need to translate into the current book of business in terms of approvals and launches 
and then completions. Therefore, I would wait for one or two more quarters to see whether it 
warrants either an acceleration or an uptake in our guidance for FY25. Let these come to market. 
I'm happy with where we are on these two parameters in particular and God willing we should 
meet and exceed our targets that we set.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
The second question was in the last call, 3Q call we have said that pretty much we have delivered 
on this close to about 1700 crores, 2000 crores which you have said which should happen by 
March or April, it happened in April now. You said another 80000 crores of prospect pipeline 
we are engaging with partners and 25% probability of that happening by September. So, are you 
on track? Has that 8000 now gone up, after this outperformance are we slowing down on looking 
at these, so if you can give some color on how the business development in the land side will 
pan out for next year FY23? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Parikshit you are cruel, out of the 8000 we have converted 4000 already but you're still greedy 
for more but look we do have a pipeline. We are back filling that as we converted this roughly 
4100-4200. The balance 3800 have grown to about 4500 and continues to grow as we speak. We 
are seeing very good traction from an inquiry perspective. In particular I talk about two areas 
where we are looking to build out more rapidly. One is society redevelopment in Mumbai, we 
are seeing a strong interest and particularly with a brand like Mahindra, many societies feel 
comforted that they won't be left in the lurch and chasing us once they sign consent with us. 
Society redevelopment is an area that I'm quite excited about. The second is stressed assets where 
again we are starting to build the networks into the ARCs and financial institutions who have a 
bad loan portfolio to start sourcing deals in the stressed portfolio. The third area which I do want 
to talk about, we had taken a conscious call 2 years back to double down on Mumbai and Pune 
for the foreseeable 2 or 3 years so that we can go deeper. We've now decided over the next 3 to 
4 quarters to also reopen Bangalore. It's not that we ever exited Bangalore and I'd always 
indicated that Bangalore would be the third market. We feel given the pipeline we've seen and 
the traction we're seeing on land acquisition that now would be the right time to reopen 
Bangalore as well. I do expect towards the end of this financial year and going into next year we 
will start looking at converting some deals in Bangalore as well.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Last question will be on, so you did talk about adding talent at all levels. My question was more 
on the construction side and the choice of vendors. Now we have a portfolio which is the mix is 
moving towards high realization or better realization from traditionally we’re doing affordable 
housing which is more exposed or sensitive to raw material inflation. We're doing more 
something like in Kandivali which has been upwards of 13000-14000 realization. I just wanted 
to understand between the portfolios which has become little more premium. Whether you 
continue to still believe that affordable will be the way forward given the volatility in raw 
material prices? Second thing would be, will the vendors be much different to how you worked 
over the last couple of years since you took over the leadership of the Company in terms of 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
supply chain, vendor, upping up the quality of construction vendors, so if we can just touch upon 
those softer issues? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
So, in fact you rightly linked it to the talent and the supply chain issue because we recently 
brought on board a new leader for our contracting and procurement function under Sudarshan, 
our Chief Project Officer and his mandate very clearly is to build more strategic relationships 
with key supply chain partners. I see the strategic relationships being struck with more the Tier 
B+ kind of contractors rather than the very large EPCs. The very large EPCs have their book of 
business filled with lot of the infrastructure work that is happening in the country. I think we are 
better served working with the B+ contractors where we can together invest in their capabilities, 
build more long-term partnerships which are multi project kind of relationships. And that's the 
direction we are taking. It is still early days. This is an area of very active work for us over the 
next four to six quarters.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
On this 38 billion which we did last GDV addition. Today you in morning said that you are 
looking to repeat that performance in FY23. So, are we geared up to deliver that kind of number 
or we'll scale down to again that 2000 crores number which we have guided earlier? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Look I would like to maintain the momentum. There's no sense in scaling down and we're 
definitely not going to deliberately scale down. That being said I don't want us to be and I've 
said this before to be doing this with a gun held to our heads saying come what may I need to 
because we've done 3800 last year, it has to be 3800 plus some delta this year. It has to be the 
right deal. They have to fit our underwriting criteria, parameters in the right location ready to 
market. That's more important. Given the pipeline we see I believe it should be accurate about 
last year's number this year as well.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Last thing for Vimal, this year how much of outgo will happen on the pending land payments? 
What is the total pending land payments and how much of that will happen in FY23? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
As of now we are looking at about 300 to 400 crores of outflow, really depends on our one large 
transaction of Kandivali. There are few steps which are left before we really consummate the 
transaction.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
That's the pending amount and nothing else beyond that, for the current portfolio? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
The amount which I mentioned is combination of three or four transactions which are at different 
stages. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
No, I'm talking about the ones that have been announced and not the ones which may get 
announced and the Pune one and the Kandivali ones, these two are the ones where we have to 
make payments? So you said the Pune is already large part of that has been taken care in March.  

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Vimal Agarwal: 
Pune is completely done, Kandivali we will have about 150 crores of payout, most probably 
which will come this year. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Its pending or like overall? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
This is the initial one which will go. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
But the overall 300 to 400 will happen this year including some more deals which may happen 
during this year, right? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
That’s right. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manish Agarwal from JM Financial. 
Manish Agarwal: 
My question will be pertaining to the Kalyan launch which we have done, so how do you view 
this? We have done 56 crores quarter sale, so is it good, bad, is the momentum expected to 
accelerate going forward? That would be my first question.  
Arvind Subramanian: 
So, look candidly it's not great. I would have liked to see more. That being said it is roughly four 
weeks of performance in the last financial year. There is a runway into all of this year. The 
feedback we have from customers is they really liked the product. It's a very strong endorsement 
of the product. I believe it will build up over this year. It is not a project that has shot through 
the roof at launch but that's fine. We will have a mix of those kinds of projects. 
Manish Agarwal: 
Any traction which we see in the Kanakpura launch? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Kanakpura launch early response has been fantastic. We are still in the pre-booking phase. We 
will start bookings from this weekend. The enquiries and initial kind of book building on that 
has been fantastic. Exceeded my expectations.  
Manish Agarwal: 
For FY23 the projects which we have already acquired all of them are likely to be launched 
along with Ghodbunder road? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Ghodbunder could go into first of next year, first half of next financial year. Pimpri, Pune, both 
the Pimpri land parcels as well as Kandivali we are trying to bring into market this year. 
Manish Agarwal: 
And Dahisar also? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
And Dahisar. 
Manish Agarwal: 
Lastly on the debt front. So, in the presentation it's written cash position of 145 crores in the 
residential business with the net debt. So, this includes Pune, Pimpri transaction which was done 
recently or that will be additional? 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Sorry I didn't understand your question, Manish.  
Manish Agarwal: 
In the presentation the net debt for residential business is given as minus 145 crores.  
Vimal Agarwal: 
This is as on 31st March and it does not include the payout which we did for Pimpri transaction.  
Manish Agarwal: 
So Pimpri will come and land payments for Dahisar and Kandivali will also come through? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
Pimpri is already done in April and for others yes, you're right it will come.  
Arvind Subramanian: 
Dahisar is not ours, it’s a joint development agreement so… 
Manish Agarwal: 
Okay, understood. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Dalal from Tata Investment Corporation Limited. 
Amit Dalal: 
Going forward you obviously have larger plans than you were even envisaging in the last 2 
years. Will you have any capital requirements in terms of equity or will you be able to gear it 
little more and perhaps that should be enough? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
I think in the near term we will build up a little bit of debt. We have a very low net debt position 
and I think it makes sense given the low cost of borrowing that we have to leverage in the right 
way but we don't expect. We will always be prudent with the debt and not leverage to the hilt. 
This year I don't think we need a capital raise, depending on the momentum we see towards land 
acquisition this year and going into next year we will take the right calls whether further equity 
infusion is warranted.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from O3 Capital.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
It seems things are moving in the right direction but a lot still needs to be done. My one question 
was on the residential side we have always stated that at the project level we want to have a 20% 
margin. But when we look our slide, it says that we had 10% to 11% on 600 crores of revenue 
what we have done on the residential side segmental. This slide 30 and from here on the launches 
and projects on hand can we expect the gross margin to improve upwards to at least 20% or you 
think gross margin will remain around this level only? In your sales expense at the project level 
is it included into the cost of sales or it is in the other operating expense?  
Arvind Subramanian: 
I'll give you a kind of one response and I will ask Vimal to elaborate on that. So, one, I do expect 
margins in the mid-teens and project IRRs in the low 20s as I have said in the past. The challenge 
with looking at these financials in a growth phase of the business is, there is a mismatch between 
when the costs flow through and when the particularly period costs, when the period costs flow 
through to the P&L and when the revenue recognition of the project happens. So, you're right if 
you look at last year's financials, it does look like a 10% margin. But as I said there's a timing 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
mismatch between some of the costs get booked and when the corresponding revenue gets 
booked, Vimal you want to elaborate further? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
As Arvind said, there are couple of specific points which I want to highlight here. For example, 
if you look at Luminaire project which we talked about earlier on the call, there are two things. 
One is so the number of 657 crores you're seeing on in the investor presentation actually is a 
straight submission and to Luminaire because in March ‘20 we had moved to a straight to net 
realizable value accounting. So, the upside or the gain on performance for that project is actually 
reflecting in that 97 crores number of exceptional gain. That's basically is about 40% of 657 is 
coming from Luminaire, the performance is reflecting in the exceptional gain there. That said, 
the other two points which Arvind actually highlighted is the marketing expense for example 
sales on resi side this time is upwards of 1000 crores and all of that marketing expense is right 
now getting improved and reflecting in these numbers. In addition to that MHPL Luminaire 
again was actually an area share agreement and therefore all the sales expenses of that, because 
this year we focused on selling partner share completely and therefore whatever is left over will 
be almost 95% of the leftover is ours. We are focused on liquidating partners inventory which is 
Ireo in this case and therefore the brokerage expenses have got also booked into these numbers 
which are upwards of 10-11-12 crores. So, these are few of the examples but coming back to the 
larger point which… 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
The sales expenditure, is it booked in cost of sales or it is in other operating expenses? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
It would be in other expenses. The cost of sales for which the revenue is getting reported is part 
of cost of sales, for example our normal brokerage is there but marketing expense will be in 
other expenses. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
So, Luminaire, what sales your think, you did and whatever you get to see is included in cost of 
sales urging to broker margin or broker commissions and cost of sales?  
Vimal Agarwal: 
Yes, that’s right Himanshu. Absolutely right.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Even if we look at this margin or what we have said its mid-teens type of margin. So, breakeven 
level for the companies, at least 1500 crores type of because my other operating expense will 
also increase an inflation? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
It will always, yes, that's right. See, two ways to look at it. It will always be dependent on how 
your other projects are performing and therefore what kind of realization, for example, 
Kanakpura, as I Arvind mentioned pre-launch response has been extremely good and it's 
reaching our guardrails. The second point which is also there is this IC business; what you're 
seeing here is like a completely scenario where IC business overheads are not reflecting there at 
all because all the costs there what you see it as a resi, is actually resi plus corporate office 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
expenses and to that extent, part of it will always be a problem in terms of allocation between 
resi and IC that also is there. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
In terms of Happinest, the standalone numbers of Happinest when we see, they were into the 
losses only but with now that business model maturing, has that model started breakeven 
EBITDA so let's say in the last four quarters also, are we on the breakeven level, at least in one 
or two quarters or that continues to be the wait has been? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
We are at breakeven level and as Arvind mentioned this is really the project level economics, 
which will be at play. For example, our Palghar 1 where we completed all our phases in Palghar 
1, we are fairly positive there. Similarly, Kalyan 1 is doing wonderfully well and we don't see 
any challenge versus the project or say underwriting case. So, no issue and you are right that it’s 
maturing well. We do expect the value home segment or the Happinest segment to do very well 
for us. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
In last 3 years, the collections have been much ahead of sales value. But with new launches 
increasing, can we expect the sales would start increasing ahead of collections and even my cost 
will be more so let’s say construction cost and the sales expenditure will be much ahead of 
collections and so the cash flows, maybe peaking on operating level?  
Vimal Agarwal: 
You want my cash flow to be negative, whatever I do that’s the objective.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
I am not wanting but I'm trying to understand because if for 3 years, the collections have been 
better but have we seen the peak of that from operating level or you think how it will be just to 
understand now? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
Fundamentally combination of three things which are at play here. One is more internal and 
fairly close to us is the overall technology leverage, bringing visibility and transparency, 
ensuring that we are not for example, with the right intent, not waving of interest and therefore 
driving the collection. If you want to look at the collection aging, its possibly one of the best 
aging which you will see across the industry, across companies and all of that, that's one. Second 
is that usually, because there is significant focus which Arvind has brought in on the overall 
project launch and the payment plans and on IRR, usually the demands are fairly front loaded to 
ensure that the cash for a project which is doing decent and not great, return positive in fairly 
the first two or three quarters itself; that's second. Third really is the overall aspiration which we 
have to reach our FY25 goals. If that aspiration progresses well, I'm sure there will be land 
acquisition related expense and outflow which will happen and therefore it links back to the 
other response which Arvind gave in terms of raising funds in this year and in subsequent years. 
Arvind Subramanian: 
But look at a broader trend, one has to see sales and collections moving in tandem. There cannot 
be a significant gap in those overtime. Right now, we're playing a bit of a catch-up and therefore 
you're seeing collections ahead of sales. But as we grow the business, the two will move largely 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
in tandem. The second thing that I would want you to look at kind of side by side is the three 
numbers of areas. Area launched, area sold and area delivered. Again, in a growth stage of the 
business, those three numbers would be slightly different, but in a mature business, those three 
numbers will start moving in tandem. If you look at last year, for example, we had roughly 1.3 
million plus or minus in each of these three buckets, 1.3 million square feet launched, 1.3 million 
square feet sold and 1.3 million square feet delivered.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
This Palghar project, in one of the earlier calls, we had stated that we want to have at least 60% 
sales in the means Happinest type of project at the time of launch that helps in the profitability 
and because the margins are low so cash positive it starts breakeven. But if a project like this 
happens means sorry the Kalyan 2, not Palghar, Kalyan 2. What are the levers to improve from 
here on and what are we doing to improve the cash flow and again, better sales now or in the 
next two or three quarters? Some thoughts of that will be helpful to understand the Happinest 
type of project? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
I think firstly it is about being very clear and kind of not defensive about understanding how 
each launch has performed. In Kalyan 2, we've gone very deep into understanding what has 
worked, what has not worked. And when I say that there's been strong endorsement of the 
product, it is not just my belief, it is backed by a significant amount of post-launch consumer 
research, not just pre-launch consumer research. Now with a strong product in a good market 
where we've done well, I am very confident we will catch up on our business plan. In fact, we 
are already tracking do the underwriting business plan. We are not behind our underwriting case. 
It's been only, 4 weeks as I said of performance that is reflected in the numbers shared with you. 
So, watch this space. I mean, I don't think it is as alarming a situation as you seem to fear. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Punit from HSBC.  
Punit: 
My first question is with respect to your marketing expense. How should one think about your 
marketing expense going ahead? Is it broadly a sum or do you think of it as a percentage of sales 
and what should that number be? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
One should actually look at the total project lifecycle and therefore like any other product and 
FMCG or any other industry, you will see a significant investment getting into at the time of 
launch. 
Punit: 
So, what should that be as a percentage of sales for that, statistically?  
Vimal Agarwal: 
It will vary in the range of 2.5%-3.5% over the life cycle of the project, is what I will say.  
Punit: 
Other than salaries and all, would there be any other overheads that one needs to consider?  
Vimal Agarwal: 
As in? 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Punit: 
In terms of overheads there will be, obviously corporate overheads and employee salaries? 
Anything else that does not get accounted in your cost of material?  
Vimal Agarwal: 
We account for everything which can be directly correlated with that project or a launch. We 
don't leave anything unallocated or anything which should be allocated is not left behind.  
Punit: 
My second question is, can you give some color on what you are seeing on the land acquisition 
side and your JV-JDAs and society redevelopment? Everybody's seems to be talking about these 
things. Are you seeing any increase in competitive intensity there or it is just a reasonable size?  
Arvind Subramanian: 
We are seeing a lot more activity from competitors and just like we are wanting to grow, all our 
competitors are wanting to grow as well so it's not surprising. That being said, we are also equally 
seeing a clear preference among landowners and I have talked about society redevelopment in 
both these categories. We are seeing a preference to do business with the larger developers where 
financial closure or transaction is not a risk, right. So, one of the challenges that happened in the 
past with land acquisitions, or land sales, if I were to look at it from a seller's perspective, is term 
sheets get signed, but then there's a protracted period when the buyer is still not achieved 
financial closure and therefore the landowners kept hanging. I think there's a clear sentiment 
being expressed that working with developers like us, there is confidence that once we sign a 
term sheet, we will be able to close the financials very quickly. 
Punit: 
And versus a year back, or maybe 2 years back, are you seeing an implicit demand for a higher 
land price or higher share of profit from the land owner partners? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Look, unfortunately with newspaper headlines screaming out that there is a up cycle in real 
estate, and there's a boom, etc., landowners also read the same newspapers that we read and their 
expectations do go up. So, yes, there is a heightened expectation but that's part of our business 
and we are sticking to our guns in terms of the kind of returns and underwriting parameters that 
we have. 
Punit: 
Versus for example there is 3800 crores of GDV deals that you culminated last year, the year 
before that the implicit share of profit would still be largely the same?  
Arvind Subramanian: 
Implicit share of?  
Punit: 
Share of profit that you will get from those deals itself remain unchanged, some of which is…?  
Arvind Subramanian: 
The underwriting parameters as I said remain intact. We've not dropped those thresholds at all.  
Punit: 
In your underwriting parameters are you building in higher realizations than what you were a 
year back?  

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Arvind Subramanian: 
We are building an both higher costs and higher realization because cost to construction has also 
gone up. 
Moderator: 
We'll move on to the next question that is on the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Traditionally we have been, we were doing smaller size projects with multiple phases of small, 
broken on into small phases. Now, the scale of projects has increased to 1-1.5, even to an extent 
2 million square feet. So now will the phase launches that we do, would be much higher in size 
to execute those projects quickly than what we used to do it earlier? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Hard to give a general rule on that. It's very tactical. It depends on the competitive nature of that 
particular micro market. In certain situations, we want to make a quick entry with a small phase 
so that we plant our flag and announce our presence in that micro market. In certain cases, we 
want to bring a substantial amount of inventory together because we believe that's what is right 
for that particular situation; it's about demand and supply and constantly monitoring both. There 
is no general rule that we will follow on that. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
But overall, when we are entering the project size of 1-1.5 million square feet, what is the 
timeline that we are looking at to exit those projects 5-years, 6-years, probably what's the internal 
timeline that we set out? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
We will still try and complete those within 5 years. That's very important for the economics 
because as you know the longer the project stretch, the IRR drags and with it, particularly in an 
inflationary cost environment, you're subject to more cost risk as well. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And second question is on your breakthrough transaction at the Kandivali parent land. We have 
acquired the first phase of the 9 acres and the potential, we know that obviously it's higher than 
that. From here on I mean, would the second transaction that we might do would at least have a 
gap of like 3-4 years till the time we generate cashflow, enough cash flows to pay out the 
successive land costs that we might have to incur for acquiring the next phase or how are we 
thinking about it? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Honestly, too premature, because there's a line of sight into the next phase is still being 
developed, but yes, it's not eminent, it's going to take little bit of time. 
Moderator: 
We'll move on to the next question that is from the line of V. P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital. 
V. P. Rajesh: 
My first question is that on the cost side; what kind of inflation are you thinking about from here 
on? I know you mentioned it was 12% to 15% for the last year but from here on, do you think it 
will continue to accelerate or the second derivative will come down? How are you thinking about 
that? 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Arvind Subramanian: 
We are planning for about 8% to 10% going forward as well because all the advice and views 
we are getting from the economists, including our group economists, is that inflation is here to 
stay. It's not a temporary phenomenon. It's not just a Ukraine war issue. There is a structural 
reason why inflation will continue for several quarters. At least in our underwriting cases, we 
are planning for an 8% to 10% cost inflation in the years to come as well. 
V. P. Rajesh: 
As you're launching the products, are you then spacing out the inventory you release at the 
launch, etc. maybe make it more just so that we don't have to increase it too much. How are you 
thinking about how much inventory you want to sell at launch? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Yes, absolutely, you're absolutely right. We are going to stagger out our launched inventory and 
sales as well. Earlier I was of the firm view that sell as much as possible, as quickly as possible 
because that made sense in a stable cost environment but now one has to try and sell closer to 
the cost incidence rather than too far ahead of the cost incidence.  
V. P. Rajesh: 
My second question is regarding the society redevelopment projects you are taking on. If you 
can elaborate a little bit as to what these projects can look like in terms of timeline, in terms of 
square footage, are they going to be large or quick turnaround projects; that would be just 
helpful? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
That’s a very interesting space and we are getting our arms around it and as we get deeper, I'm 
getting more excited by it. The size of the transaction varies from a fairly small individual 
projects to very large societies. The small projects are still attractive because what we are finding 
is the minute you start engaging with one society in a particular location; the neighboring 
societies also start engaging with you. What will likely end up happening here is a cluster or a 
string of pearls kind of an approach where in a very small catchment area, you're doing two or 
three small sized projects, which aggregated together is a meaningful size. We are thinking about 
that space a little bit differently where we're looking at clustering these four- five societies. It's 
not that their land will get aggregated and it will become one society. There will still be 
individual developments, but from a management perspective, sales perspective, overhead's 
perspective etc. you have still a 500 to 1000 crores GDV to play within a 2-kilometer radius. 
V. P. Rajesh: 
Your minimum threshold will be around 500 crores across multiple housing society, which 
makes sense for you to take up such projects? Is that the general way to think about it?  
Arvind Subramanian: 
Yes, that’s right. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohith Potti from Marshmallow Capital. 
Rohith Potti: 
My first question is a follow-up on the initial comments that you have shared. You talked about 
how the industry is shaping up right now, but in general, recently we've seen letters from 
CREDAI, etc. complaining about the rising cost environment and about how some developers 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
are stopping work etc. If you could share the general scenario of how you see the industry right 
now in terms of the reduced competition in terms of launches, in terms of number of participants, 
looking for land parcels etc. that would be great? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Look, one trend that's very clear Rohith is, the formalization or consolidation of the supply side. 
We've seen this over the last 5 or 7 years that you tracked the numbers in each of the Tier I cities, 
the top five to seven players are starting to contribute as much as 30% of the sales value, which 
used to be in the 10% to 15% range. So, it's grown quite a lot and so therefore, that is a 
vindication for the direction we've taken about going deeper into a few markets rather than 
spreading ourselves too thin. A cost inflation is certainly a pressing topic. It's something that is 
hurting all of us in the industry. I think, as I mentioned in a response to an earlier question, it's 
not just a here and now thing where we can bury our head in the sand and say, let's get through 
one or two quarters and life will be great after that. We do need to plan for a sustained period of 
cost inflation and gear our business model to that. We are tuning to that as again, responding, I 
responded to an earlier question by adjusting our launch strategies about how much inventory to 
bring, how quick, how closely can we time sales to construction spend so that we not have a big 
mismatch between those and being exposed to a high amount of cost inflation, but also working 
very hard with top quality consultants. Many of them international consultants now on design, 
we think there's a lot of value to be extracted still from optimization of design and construction 
methods. 
Rohith Potti: 
My second question is something that you referred a couple of times that we've not just seen the 
entire top management but we have brought in a lot of good hires in the middle. So, in FY what 
you have done is sort of rebuilding the firm or rebuilding the culture from scratch because with 
so many new people coming at the top and at the middle level, that will change towards what 
the top management is looking towards achieving. I'm just curious to know so how has that 
experience been basically rebuilding the firm and has there been any sort of attrition? What are 
those numbers? We see current attrition in IT and other sectors but is that a worrying real estate 
right now, if you could elaborate on that particular aspect, that would be great? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Firstly, let me correct the impression if I've created a wrong impression. It's been a good mix of 
people who've been with us for a period of time, as well as new talent that's come in. It's not just 
that we are clearing the decks and replacing all roles with new people. So, I must make that 
clear. What we have done is, spent a lot of time simplifying the organization structure, 
empowering the people in their role and giving them their line of sight into how their professional 
growth will happen over the next few years. This is something I deeply believe is going to be 
our competitive advantage in the years to come. And I am fully aware, I'm talking to a group of 
hard-nosed financial analysts and talking the stops-start but I know all of you do appreciate this. 
Real estate is not a sector that has traditionally been a talent magnet but we are in the fortunate 
position because of our parentage being part of the Mahindra Group where we are able to attract 
great talent. Very often talent from outside the real estate sector but even within the real estate 
sector from brands that are much larger than us. Our recent hires have come from places like 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Godrej and Sobha etc. and they've chosen to join us because they believe in or they buy into 
what we're trying to do here. That is to my mind kind of very important. Getting people who are 
seeing the mid to long-term story, wanting to be part of that, wanting to put their shoulder to the 
wheel and giving them the right set up to be able to express themselves and deliver against that 
is what a large part of I see my job as construction, sales, finance, marketing, etc. will be done 
by the respective leaders. I don't add as much value there. 
Rohith Potti: 
Just a follow-up. In the top management and the senior hires that you've done over the last couple 
of years. In general, is there been any attrition or is there anything to worry about on that front? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Top management, we've not seen a lot of attrition, top two layers of the organization, but we are 
starting to see just like everybody else that the talent market is heating up. We are constantly 
tracking that and staying competitive in terms of our overall offering. It's not always only 
remuneration. As it always is a combination of a career growth, professional development and 
remuneration. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyans from Equirus Securities.  
Shreyans: 
One pertaining to our resi business. One that probably we are hearing a lot of noise, in terms of 
interest rate hike. In case if that is to happen, how do you see the scenario dwelling? Do we 
foresee any risks to our sales numbers as far as the resi is concerned? Second, in terms of our IC 
& IC business, just wanted to understand how much capital we have deployed till date and how 
much we will have to deploy more in terms of activating the origins, which has been lined up? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
On the mortgage rate or the interest rate hikes that are expected in the quarters to come, I am not 
unduly worried about that and the reason for that is, we just talked about the talent market 
becoming competitive and compensations going up. Particularly for the salaried segment, wage 
growth is going to be much higher than the growth or the impact of the higher interest rates. 
Also, the segments we've chosen to play in which is the mid-market and the value housing 
segments. Very often our buyers have been planning for several years to buy their apartment 
there. They're not going to be dissuaded by a 50 basis points hike in mortgage rates. What ends 
up happening, if that happens is the purchase may get deferred by 3 months. They'll say I'll save 
up a little bit more so that I can increase my down payment, reduce my mortgage so that my 
EMI remains in the range that I wanted to be in. But they will not say because the mortgage rates 
have gone up from 6.3% to 6.5% or 6.7%, I won't buy a home anymore and that I don't see that 
happening. On your question on the Industrial Park side, most of the investment cycle is behind 
us. We don't expect significant capital allocation to that in the years to come. 
Shreyans: 
A couple of follow-up questions. One in terms of price hike, how much price hike do you expect 
in FY23 given that wherein probably Feb-March witnessed the majority of the price increase in 
terms of raw materials? 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Arvind Subramanian: 
As I said, we have a discipline of 1.5% to 2% every quarter. So that is the bare minimum I 
expect, projects did perform well, we will take price up faster than that.  
Shreyans: 
In terms of coming back to IC & IC, third quarter we saw some up-move and some traction as 
far as IC & IC but probably 4Q, we saw that trending down. Just wanted a sense whether we are 
on that front whether we are moving in the right direction, in terms of the sales? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
First quarter, we did 70 crores of IC leasing. That's not a small number. So, I think IC is on a 
very strong, we get as I said, in my opening remarks, the team has done a fantastic job. Pipeline 
going into this year is also very strong. I'm confident we will continue to do well in that business. 
Shreyans: 
You foresee that going or at least consistently doing around 130-140 odd acres? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Look, as I have said by 2025, we wanted to be a 500 crores annual run rate. That's what we are 
hinting towards.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. For any further questions or 
clarifications, please get in touch with the Investor Relations team. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Arvind Subramanian for his closing comments.  
Arvind Subramanian: 
Thank you. Thank you very much. Look just by way of a quick summary. As I said, we have a 
very keen eye and tracking very closely the lead indicators of our business, the current health 
indicators, as well as making sure that our trailing indicators are also reflecting that performance 
and all three moves in tandem. On the residential side, we continue to build out for growth. We 
are seeing a good pipeline from a land acquisition perspective. We've had strong impactful 
launches and continue to see a preference for our products and our brand and on the Industrial 
Park side, as we just discussed in the last question, we are seeing an excellent runway into FY23 
and beyond and are confident that the team is well set up to deliver a strong performance this 
year as well. So, thank you for your support and do keep the faith. I think this is still a story that 
is being scripted by no means are we sitting on our backside thinking that we've achieved 
anything so far, there's still a lot more to be done.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you.  
