 
 
 
 
 
ABSLAMCL/18/22-23                                                                                                           May 2, 2022 
 
BSE Limited                                               
              National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
 
 
              Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Dalal Street Mumbai-400 001  
 
       
              Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Scrip Code: 543374  
 
 
 
              Bandra Kurla Complex 
 
 
 
 
 
 
              Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051  
                                                                                             Scrip Code: ABSLAMC 
 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Analyst/Investor Conference call on Audited Financial Results for the 
quarter and year ended March 31, 2022. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Analyst/Investor Conference call for the quarter and 
year ended March 31, 2022, held on April 27, 2022. The above information will also be available on the 
website of Company at https://mutualfund.adityabirlacapital.com. 
 
 
This is for your information & record. 
 
Thanking you.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited  
 
 
 
 

Page 1 of 17 
Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Q4 FY'22 & FY'22 Analyst/Investor Conference Call 
held on April 27, 2022 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited Q4 
FY'22 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us today from the management, Mr. A. 
Balasubramanian - Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Parag Joglekar - Chief Financial 
Officer and Mr. Prakash Bhogale - Head, Investor Relations. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. A. Balasubramanian for his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you 
sir. 
Mr. A. Balasubramanian: Thank you for the introduction and good evening to everyone attending the investor's 
call. I hope you all had the opportunity to go through the earning’s presentation which 
is available on the stock exchanges as well as our website. 
Let me first begin with the economic outlook and mutual fund industry update. FY 2022 
turned out to be a mirror image of last year with growth rebounding from the 2020 
pandemic lows. World over policy makers have been adopting policies that support 
growth but with the rising prices we expect to see some kind of tightening of policies. 
The geopolitical factors and their developments is also now determining global supply 
chain and the commodity prices in general leading to inflation.  
Inflation in India too much like the rest of the world has been on a rise but has largely 
remained within the RBI tolerance band. Higher inflation has been due to high 
commodity prices and global supply disruptions due to the geopolitical crisis. So far, we 
have seen an accommodative stance by the RBI on account of a higher preference for 
growth but with increasing pressure, due to higher prices, we may see a change in 
preference from growth to inflation. High inflation, hawkish RBI, a sharp increase in 
bond yields in developed markets and the large borrowing program have caused 
interest rates in India to rise moderately.  
Also, exports and imports both jumped sharply in FY22 because of high oil prices, 
demand for gold and strong global growth supported both imports and exports. As a 
result of that India’s trade deficit rose from $103 billion in FY21 to $192 billion in FY22 
and the Current Account Deficit as a result of that also expected to widen to 1.5% of 

 
Page 2 of 17 
GDP from 0.9% of GDP surplus in FY21. Going forward, oil prices in our own belief will 
be the most important variable for the Indian economy as the same impacts India’s GDP 
growth, inflation as well as the balance of payment dynamics. In terms of impact on 
economic growth, given that the duration and impact of the geopolitical conflict is highly 
unpredictable, we can see downside risk to India’s growth forecast for FY23 if negative 
shocks amplify.  
On the market front, the valuations have corrected but remain close to long-term 
average. The heightened geopolitical conflict has also led to elevated FII outflows from 
India, but the same has been offset by strong DII buying during the same period which 
is supporting the market. Over the next few years, India is likely to go back to its real 
GDP growth of pre-pandemic levels with all three drivers of economy namely 
Consumption, Investments and Exports firing. Therefore, I would remain optimistic on 
India’s coming back in the year FY 2023 and beyond and therefore attracting more 
foreign inflows into India as well as the Indian mutual fund industry continue to grow on 
the higher path. 
With respect to mutual industry, during the quarter, QAAUM for the Indian mutual fund 
industry touched an all-time high of INR 38.36 lakh crores as on March 31, 2022 as 
against INR 38.19 lakh crores as on December 31, 2021, in a sense, we saw a flat 
market, quarter-on-quarter and grew by 20% from INR 32.08 lakh crores as on March 
31, 2021. 
In FY22, the Mutual Fund industry witnessed good inflows across various equity 
schemes. A significant proportion of these inflows have been contributed through the 
launch of new schemes by various mutual funds across different categories. In fact, the 
total money raised by NFOs is to the extent of about approximately Rs. 1.08 lakh crores. 
Retail participation from both T30 and B30 cities has remained strong during this period. 
As on March 31, 2022, the total number of mutual fund investors stood at 13.1 crores 
versus 9.9 crores as of March 31, 2021 an increase of 33% YoY. 
The continuous promotion of SIPs has created significant momentum in monthly SIP 
contributions. In fact, overall monthly SIP book has hit a record high of over Rs. 12,300 
crores in March 2022.  
The industry witnessed a strong net equity sale of Rs. 90,663 crores in Q4 FY22 through 
a mix of new fund offerings and existing funds receiving flows. This trend has 
consistently played out over the past few months. Within the existing Equity and Hybrid 
categories; Flexi-cap, Multi-cap, Sectoral/Thematic and Dynamic allocation schemes 
saw the highest net inflows.  
The retail investor surge is also reflected in higher industry individual Average AUM 
which grew 21% year on year and contributed to 55% of the total Monthly Average 

 
Page 3 of 17 
AUM. The mutual fund average AUM for March 2022 from B30 cities was 17% of the 
total AUM.  
New SIP registrations were around 71 lakh in Q4 FY22 which gives us confidence for 
the future growth of the industry. The total number of SIP Accounts as on March 31, 
2022 was around 5.28 crores for the industry as a whole. 
Coming to ABSL AMC’s performance, our total Average AUM for the quarter ending 
March-22 stood at Rs. 3.07 lakh crores, with a yearly growth of 9%, mainly on the back 
of robust contribution from the equity segment. However, our quarterly total AAUM 
growth has seen a dip due to marginal year-end outflows in a few fixed-income funds. 
Our Equity MF AUM grew at 25% year on year to Rs. 1.21 lakh crores for the quarter 
ending March-22. Our Equity mix as a percentage of total AAUM is at an all-time high 
of 41%.   
As is stated, Customer acquisition remains an integral part of our strategy. We have 
added around 13 lakh new folios in FY 22 and with this, the overall folio has increased 
to 79 lakh almost touching 80 lakh as on today 
Our equity performance which again is a key integral part of the success of our AMC 
has seen a significant turnaround across all categories. In fact, our dynamic asset 
allocation, sectoral and thematic categories, we have seen an AUM growth through net 
inflows driven by strong performance. To better serve our investors and give them the 
best investment experience, we had made a few structural changes to the investments 
team on the equity side with two Co-Heads managing and mentoring teams of analysts 
and fund managers, which we believe will bring in high level of contribution, 
accountability as well as the responsibility in terms of driving not only investment 
performance even connect to the external world. 
Recently, we held the 9th Edition of our Flagship Investment Conclave – Voyage. In 
fact, we have been doing this since the last nine years. Generally, people look forward 
to this as one of our signature event and it was well received by everyone, which 
happened in the last month. The event had eminent speakers from all over the world 
with diverse backgrounds and experiences to share their knowledge. Our investment 
management team provided insights into the economy, markets and what strategy one 
must follow for a good investment experience as part of our value addition to both our 
investors as well as distribution partners. 
As part of our Scale initiative, we are constantly working towards leveraging the 
potential of our existing products as well as launching new products to build size. Over 
the last few years, our focus has been on growing our retail franchise, increasing the 
wallet share from B30 cities and building our SIP book size. As part of this continuous 
drive, we have implemented various initiatives and drives which are as follows.  

 
Page 4 of 17 
We have seen significant traction from our “#HarGharSIP” campaign along with our 
existing “#WinWithSIP” campaign. We are also creating awareness about the Multi SIP 
feature that eases the process of investing in multiple schemes as well as acts as an 
effective tool for goal-based investing. Through these efforts, our monthly SIP book has 
increased from Rs. 794 crores in March-21 to Rs. 895 crores in March-22 just short of 
Rs 5 crore of 900 crores in March-22. We have registered around 3.24 lakh new SIPs 
during the quarter ending March-22. As a result, we now have around 32 lakh live SIPs 
with us as on March-22.  
Through our VRM model which our Virtual RM model, we have activated around 2,500+ 
distributors across the country. Our VRMs model today are currently available to 
activate IFAs in 14 languages and 16 touchpoints that we have built across the country 
as part of our expansion drive in activating more IFAs to work for us.  
With our Service-to-Sales model, we are focusing on building the right skill sets for our 
client relation executives to engage effectively with investors and facilitate their 
investment decision. Currently, we have around 100 dedicated personnel under this 
model to guide investors and address their every need in order to get our service 
relationship with the customers increase significantly and therefore increase our mind 
share which ultimately lead to increase in market share. 
Our distribution expansion initiative called - “Sampark” has empaneled over 5,000 
distributors in the current year. We have seen success of empanelment of MFDs 
through our special initiative called single-click empanelment initiative. Through our 
investor education initiatives which has been one of the pioneer division that we have 
created, we also set up various programs on the MFDs fraternity which again remains 
a continuous ongoing process for reaching more customers, creating awareness as well 
as increasing the mind share and market share. 
We are happy to share that our efforts have worked well, with the contribution of the 
retail franchise increasing to 48% as on March-22 compared to 43% about five years 
ago. Similarly, the contribution from B30 cities has grown to 16% as on March-22 from 
14% five years ago.  
In order to increase the retail sales contribution further and bring in a sharper focus on 
high potential markets, this year, we have divided the country into 5 zones. Special 
focus has been given to Mumbai and Delhi we generally call it as T2 in our system as 
a separate zone as these markets combined contribute around 40% of the overall retail 
market. Therefore, we have brought in a special emphasis and special focus in order to 
have a sharper engagement in Mumbai and Delhi and therefore rest of the country is 
divided into 4 zones from a retail franchise   penetration point of view . We have also 
carved out a separate team to focus on HNIs and have been introducing specialized 
products and services under the brand name of “CARE” to cater to this segment of the 
market their needs and services. Therefore our sales team is made to work around this 

 
Page 5 of 17 
model and we have even made changes to our sales team structure to encourage, 
reward and recognize top talent while also creating a collaborative spirit among the 
team for higher engagement and synergy therefore improving productivity in the coming 
year. 
With respect to the alternate assets which again I have been guiding everyone, that is 
one of the key focus areas that will bring in. We are happy to inform you that our passive 
product offering has yielded good results infact our overall passive as a category has 
gone up by ~6 times to Rs. 9,961 crores in March 2022. Our emphasis on building 
passive strategies also gained momentum by way of the launch of more products 
through ETFs, FoFs and Multiple Index Funds. Our customer base in this category has 
now grown to 3,95,000 folios  which again reflects on the approach that we are bringing 
in in order to take the ETF as another product as alternate investment solutions 
customers is also beginning to yield a result. 
Currently, our Passive offerings can be bucketed into four categories oriented towards 
fixed income, equity, hybrid and commodity. After gaining significant traction and scale, 
we plan to launch smart beta passive products which have comparatively higher 
margins and can contribute to our overall profitability going forward.  
On the offshore front, last time we did made a mention that we are making some 
changes. We recently engaged with a gentleman, Mr. Sarath Sathkumara, a seasoned 
global Emerging Market Money Manager as our International CIO. We have been 
engaging with various funds both in Singapore and other markets to launch Greater 
India ESG Engagement Fund. We already launched this fund in terms of our roadshows 
and hopefully we should also now see some kind of success in the coming quarters as 
part of contribution coming from the global market. 
On the PMS and AIF front, first and foremost we have a suite of products like Service 
Sector Leaders AIF, Market-Linked Debentures PMS and Credit Opportunities Fund in 
our pipeline. While we continue to do that, even existing PMS, there may be some new 
changes in our team in order to drive, the PMS as an asset class is for next level of 
growth. Once the current recruitment is done on board and that will bring in some kind 
of aggression on the PMS front in terms of launching new products as well as the 
product that could be profitable for us as well as suitable for the customers. 
On the real estate side, I am happy to share that we have completed our first close on 
Aditya Birla Sun Life Real Estate Credit Opportunities Fund. We closed the fund at 
about around 165  crores in terms of size and hopefully this fund should be taken to 
overseas market. In fact in the coming year 2022-23 we will bring in more assets in the 
same fund as we move forward. 
Now moving to financials for the quarter. Our focus continues to remain in achieving a 
robust asset mix of high margin equity assets and long-term debt. We would like to 

 
Page 6 of 17 
reiterate that our Equity mix is at an all-time high of 41% for the quarter ending March 
2022. ABSL AMC registered the highest-ever profit in FY22. During the financial year 
2022, total revenue has improved by 17% year on year from Rs. 1,206 crores to Rs. 
1,409 crores. Our Profit after Tax has increased by 28% year on year from Rs. 526 
crore to Rs 673 crore in FY22. We are happy to announce that the board has proposed 
Rs. 5.85 per share as the final dividend for FY 22 with this total dividend declared for 
full year FY 22 is Rs. 11.45 per share. For FY22, our overall investment book stood at 
Rs. 2,121 crore.  
In fact, the year of FY 21-22 have gone quite well, both in terms of asset mix, highest 
ever profitability, overall improved asset mix and reasonably good momentum that we 
have built in the last few quarters in building our SIPs. All of them actually are going in 
the right direction in terms of building to the next level. 
With this, I would like to conclude my briefing and open the floor for any questions. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from the line 
of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Prayesh Jain: 
Just wanted to check, in the fourth quarter, there was a sequential increase in other 
expenses. Was there any one-offs in third quarter which is now reflected and has come 
back? And can you share your thoughts on further trajectory on the yields which will be 
on the mutual fund business with regards to how are the yield shaping up especially if 
you could throw some light on the movement between the legacy assets versus the 
new assets, that would be pretty helpful?  
Mr. Parag Joglekar: 
On the other expense side, so generally, our trajectory is in the range of around Rs. 55 
odd crores. This quarter there is slightly some expenses on the marketing activities we 
have done on alternate assets and digital side which has slightly increased our cost on 
this end. Plus post the opening of economy and travelling, a lot of events and a lot of 
travelling has been happening which has slightly increased expenses, plus offices are 
working as normal which was not there in earlier quarters which has taken up the 
expenses slightly up. But, more or less it will be in the range of around Rs. 55-odd 
crores which we have seen earlier also. There is slightly bump up in the current quarter 
due to the year-end pressures or year-ending spending and some spend on alternate 
asset we have done on the marketing side also. 
Mr. Prayesh Jain: 
This kind of quarterly run rate of 60 cr. is sustainable? 
Mr. Parag Joglekar: 
That is what our aim would be. Around Rs. 55 crores range currently. 
Mr. Prayesh Jain: 
On the yields front, how do you see it moving ahead especially in the light of movement 
between legacy assets to newer assets? 

 
Page 7 of 17 
Mr. Parag Joglekar: 
Yields have a various composition which impact the overall yield. One is the size how 
it goes up and which asset class the contribution increases in the overall mix. That 
depends, but we are hopeful that the yields on overall mutual funds will continue to be 
in the range of this 41-odd basis here and there. Maybe if the size really goes up, then 
may see some pressure on equity yields, but we are hopeful that debt yields over the 
period can compensate to certain extent. 
Mr. Prayesh Jain: 
Lastly, if we look at the market share in both equity and debt we still not seem to be 
gaining any ground out there. Any thoughts as to what would be the key drivers to 
improve the market share in both the equity and the debt segments? 
Mr. A. Balasubramanian: See, with respect to market share, while we saw previous year's fall in market share, 
first and foremost the way I see is the rate of fall got reduced quite significantly in the 
last few quarters. Secondly, we have seen an increase in contribution coming from the 
banking channel. This is an organized channel which largely sells on the base of the 
product being part of the approved list and so on and so forth, we have now seen 
improvement in the overall banking channel contribution which again I see is a sign of 
movement. And third is the NFO-led growth versus existing fund-led growth. Last year, 
significant proportion of the flows were coming to the NFO, that I mentioned in my 
briefing, which was about 50% of the flows which came through NFOs. I see in the 
coming year reduced offerings of NFOs and therefore money would move gradually in 
the existing funds. We have prepared ourselves in positioning five of our products which 
are the flagship in the respective categories and whose performance also been quite 
good even the engagement that we have at the ground level that we are doing in order 
to build the size of the existing funds in each of the major categories of funds, that is 
something should also help us in improving the overall share. And the last of course is 
to improve the overall SIP book size, which is close to about Rs.900 crores currently. 
And each month we have been seeing the run rate improving especially on the 
registration and then we continue to keep this high focus. Our endeavor to have close 
to about a thousand crores plus in SIP would also lead to an improvement in the overall 
market share improvement. I think that is one single point agenda that we have in order 
to build that. The team structure I just mentioned about briefly, what we have done in 
terms of retail team structure. In fact, that has been done keeping in mind the sharper 
focus that you have to bring in those market which matters to us, high potential, at the 
same time, the team can work on a very focused manner improving high productivity in 
the respective market without diluting their attention and looking at all around the place. 
That's something again we have done it in the team structure. This sharpness in team 
structure also should help us in bringing in higher productivity or outcome coming from 
each of these markets as we move forward. In fact, I must mention, after made the retail 
team announcements, they are quite enthusiastic and energetic as we got the growth 
and we also feel very confident that the coming year we will be able to actually move 
towards improving the overall productivity. So this is the assumption. And the last is 
Fixed Income side and the year-end outflows which normally happens, as a result of 
that you would have probably seen a marginal dip in the Fixed Income AUM as well 

 
Page 8 of 17 
which in my own belief is should again come back as we move forward given the fact 
that we are a significant player in debt market and should also help in overall size getting 
much better. 
Mr. Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Lalit Deo: 
We are seeing a strong growth on the ETF and Index Fund. Now while I understand 
that it's on a current lower base, so do we have like any broad mix in the mind like that 
we are targeting to increase, like currently, it forms about 2% of the overall AUM mix. 
So do we have any number for ideal mix in the future? And with that increase in the 
ETF and index fund, do we foresee any pressure on the yields as well? 
Mr. A. Balasubramanian: On your first point, I think the way currently we are doing it, whichever number I put that 
as a percentage of total assets under management is still very, very small given the fact 
that we have now gone to about Rs. 9,000 crores size, with total AUM at Rs.3 lakh 
crores size will still be a small portion of the overall assets under management given 
the fact that we don't have the luxury of getting the government-related flows in our 
schemes. At the same time having now established this base, having now brought in a 
high level of focus on building passive as one of the separate strategy in addition to 
growing our existing funds, active management, definitely the rate of growth that we're 
looking at from this segment, we would definitely target higher amount, but still will not 
be still a major component of the AUM and that'll only keep rising as we move forward. 
That's the way I would look at it rather than measuring success as a percentage of the 
AUM, but how actually rate of growth is coming from the segment, that's something 
which I look at as part of the strategy going forward. At the same time, in terms of 
keeping the profitability and look for opportunities, in fact, we already filed almost about 
13 or 14 applications with SEBI. Thanks to the regulatory framework today does not 
permit new funds we will launch between April and June period on the pooling of 
account compliance requirements industry is following. I think once it is done, probably 
once we start getting approval, we'll launch some other funds which is more like a Quant 
based fund or Smart-Beta Fund which will of course help us in getting little higher 
margins. As far as the margin pressure due to the rise in index funds, I don't see that 
becoming a trend at least for next 3-4 years that's my personal view. Given the fact that 
as the market gets gap widens, and probability of money managers delivering return 
either in line with the index or better than index will always come. And that is being the 
case, I don't see the margin pressures coming on actively managed funds just because 
low-cost funds are being offered to the market. My own belief is the rate of growth for 
low cost funds will be probably higher than the rate of growth for actively managed funds 
for some time as part of the whole asset allocation strategy, I think index funds in all 
fairness should also be part of the conservations for the investors which I think as the 
fund house will offer, distributors also will be fair to the customers, the customer would 
also have a mix of actively managed funds and index fund and look at the total cost that 
he is paying rather than moving only towards the low cost fund. Therefore, I don't see 
margin pressures coming on the basis of index given the fact the size of the fund is still 

 
Page 9 of 17 
becoming larger, the expense also gets reduced as per the new SEBI guidelines which 
got introduced about three years back. Therefore I don't see that as a big challenge. 
And the last of course is the direct plan expenses once the size become larger, adjusting 
for distributing commission, direct expenses is still so attractive, probably, they are in 
need for somebody to look at for reducing further expense and go and look for index 
funds and therefore putting pressure on the actively managed fund expenses. 
Mr. Lalit Deo: 
As you mentioned like we have 14 to 15 products in pipeline on the passive front. So 
do we have any products in the active side in the pipeline? 
Mr. A. Balasubramanian: Active side, we already have one fund which of course filed with SEBI and waiting for 
approval, which is the multi-asset allocation fund which include commodity as well as 
part of that and that's something we already have. We are hoping to get approval in the 
month of March where we thought we will launch in the month of May but given the 
current situation probably we will do it in the Jun-July i.e second quarter of the current 
financial year. But in the meantime, as I was telling my colleagues as well, and given 
the fact April, May, June, NFOs would be less, it's also a good opportunity to revive the 
greater interest on existing funds. It's also equally important for industry to grow and 
which also I see there's an opportunity to create a recall for the existing funds much 
bigger than what we would have seen in the last year, and therefore improving the 
contribution in the existing fund itself. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jignesh Shial from InCred Capital. Please go ahead 
Mr. Jignesh Shial: 
Can you give us a little bit more detail on broader strategy about how we are planning 
to do on the alternative side and how that particular business should see a growth in 
the next, little relatively a longer horizon of two to three years and how that will impact 
our yields? Second, as you already said that because of the unlocking and all, other 
expenses somewhere was around Rs.55 crores and odd, the PAT range what you are 
seeing it up for next three years, give a little bit a broader idea on that? And finally any 
increase you're seeing it on the dividend payout side or there will be more distribution 
coming up on the dividend side if you can give us some clarity on that that, that would 
be really helpful. 
Mr. A. Balasubramanian: With respect to your alternate strategy, one is a separate vertical as we have informed 
in the past, this is comprising of four different segments of the market; one is the PMS 
and the AIF space, second is the passive strategy in the ETF and passive fund of fund 
also get included in that and third is the real estate fund and fourth is the offshore. With 
respect to PMS and AIF, we are further strengthening our team by way of getting 
somebody on board whom we have already finalized and mostly in the next quarter he 
will be joined, I'll be able to disclose the name. And once he comes on board, we have 
a big plan in terms of launching both the closed ended AIF as well as the open-ended 
AIF and also the AIF which will have a low cost structure at the same time profit sharing 
kind of model, something will step up our focus in offering such products to the market. 

 
Page 10 of 17 
Recently we have a money manager who will join from the ASK PMS division. And with 
this, we are strengthening our team further in order to bring in a higher level of focus on 
building the size in this. Currently, we have a size of Rs. 2,000 crores. In fact, the peak 
AUM that we had in the PMS was around Rs.5,000 crores about few years back. 
Certainly, our aim is to go past that number in the next few years with respect to PMS 
and increase the contribution. Second, with respect to the ETF strategy and passive 
strategy, which was explained earlier. With respect to the offshore, we have seen a 
static growth in the last few years. I don't think it can go worse than what we have seen, 
it can only get better given the fact that we already launched the fund which is called as 
ESG Engagement Fund and more such focus that we want to start bringing on the table, 
including winning mandates from existing customers who have got great experience, 
dealing with us in the last 14 years. I think that probably will give us an incremental AUM 
and also see the opportunity coming from the offshore business especially in offering 
products solution to the global investors. In the infrastructure space, we have been 
already having informal engagement with one of the leading firm to help us raise money 
from pension funds to whom we can offer India-related product especially in the fixed 
income oriented product, we again have a higher margin coming on that space given 
the fact that we have large teams who understand credit market much better. That's 
something we will do as far as the offshore fund concerns. Therefore, we have a very 
clear strategy on the alternate piece in taking to the next level. As we see a development 
happening in the space, we'll keep announcing it in each quarter in order to give more 
clarity on the space. Definitely, the intention is to have higher contribution more than 
AUM, more on the profitability. With respect to the other expenses, Parag, would you 
like to say? 
Mr. Parag Joglekar: 
I mentioned earlier that our other expenses were in the range of around Rs.55-odd 
crores in the last couple of quarters and we are hopeful that it will remain in that range 
with some inflation impact going forward which may have and maybe post alternate 
asset business goes up, there may be some cost on the marketing  side of those 
products may come in, but we are committed to keeping our cost under control as far 
as possible and keeping the cost growth below the overall growth of the AUM. 
Mr. Jignesh Shial: 
What I understand is that there is a very limited probability on absolute basis cutting 
down this particular cost because we are already working on the optimized level. So 
whatever now the PAT improvements are concerned, it has to come up from the top 
rather than the rationalization of expenses is happening. That is what I was coming to. 
So that understanding is correct, right? So more diversity coming up on top that will 
basically give us improvement on the profitability? 
Mr. A. Balasubramanian: Cost related focus will be more if we make an investment today for the future, for 
example, alternate business, then naturally that will have some of that cost, for example 
this quarter itself, we have few costs which has come related to the alternate business 
where we are increasing the cost now, but it will start delivering in terms of both topline 
and profitability as we move forward. But those are some of the things which should be 

 
Page 11 of 17 
there, otherwise what your assumption is right. Coming to the last question on dividend 
payout, we have guided around 50% of our PAT would be kept aside for the purpose of 
distribution. Though the policy, we have given a broader guidance without giving any 
percentage of dividend distribution that we do. But you would have already seen in 
earlier quarters we gave an interim dividend and now we are giving the final dividend 
which is around 50%. More or less that will continue. But as the cash balance becomes 
larger and we don't feel the need for that, I'm sure the subject to the approval of the 
board and shareholders, this percentage can definitely vary. 
Mr. Jignesh Shial: 
But if I put it for the next 2-3 years kind of a horizon, somewhere around 50-60% kind 
of assumption would be reasonable, is my assumption correct? 
Mr. A. Balasubramanian: Exactly. 
Mr. Jignesh Shial: 
You people have been in veteran industry and a lot of interest rate tightening is 
happening around, do you think the demand for a debt fund should be relatively muted 
even going forward at least in the near-term, and liquid will see a traction? Obviously, 
equity and ETF anyhow know continue with the broader penetration and everything. 
But what's your view on debt and equity, do you think that will still remain a bit of a 
laggard at least in near term and liquid will be more into demand, just your thoughts on 
it? 
Mr. A. Balasubramanian: Even the last two three months, there has been a more shift towards short duration 
fixed income schemes which I think our own belief is will continue for some time till we 
actually see the rate hike starts happening. I think once this rate cycle begins and once 
reach certain level, probably we'll be able to figure out some opportunities coming in 
the fixed income space itself given the fact that bond yields is already at discounting 
85-100 basis points rate hike whereas the real rate hike has not happened. As the rate 
hike happens in real world, and bond market already discounts potential rate probably 
time will come in the next say third quarter or fourth quarter of this current financial year, 
where 10 year bond yield is close to about 7.5%, we will see an opportunity coming for 
investors to come in. At the same time, even the credit fund starts picking up and as 
the spread starts widening, we will also see a renewal of credit fund as we move 
forward. May or may not happen in the year 2022-23, but as the spread starts widening, 
therefore, fixed income will start counting for a better recovery going forward in the next 
six-months to one-year period and for that interim period we may probably see muted 
response coming towards fixed income staying in between say three months to one-
year kind of duration. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Kotak Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Mr. Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Going back to one of the previous questions on the passive strategy and some of the 
smart beta products that you intend to launch, what will be the yield for some of these 

 
Page 12 of 17 
products, if you can throw light on that? Second, in your overall broad active equity 
flows for the year, if you can segregate that between flows that came in through the 
direct channel and through the non-direct channel for the overall year or for the quarter? 
And the third is you have mentioned that the overall increase in folios for FY22 was 
broadly around a million. If you can also kind of break that as to what will be the overall 
increase in the number of new PAN accounts that would have been registered? 
Mr. A. Balasubramanian: With respect to the first question on passive versus Smart Beta ETF in terms of margin, 
Smart Beta ETF, we are looking at the gross level anywhere around 60 to 80 basis 
points at gross level and the net level we are looking at contribution of somewhere 
around 35 to 40 basis points for Smart beta ETF. I will just give an example, we did last 
year in NIFTY 50 equal weight index. Since it involves a frequent revisiting of the 
portfolio allocations, etc., we actually launched his product with 1% expenses maximum 
and the distribution commission also we kept in that and that is contributing close to 
about 40 basis points to us. That's the way we built that model. And Smart Beta ETF 
will probably have the similar kind of model. Though at this point of time, the entire 
passive is coming out of relatively 10 to 12 basis points kind of a product. And fixed 
income product which also comes in the passive category, we have been launching a 
target return index funds in fixed income space. Also, I have been giving close to about 
20 basis points at the gross level. That's something again we continue to do. Maybe the 
volume will continue to drive our profitability from there rather than absolute margin. 
And that's something is the broad expectation that we are building in our business plan. 
With respect to the equity flows, we don't generally disclose the number, but I can only 
see broadly this year we have seen net inflows in our equity scheme through the launch 
of two open ended equity funds. Predominantly in the existing funds like Sun Life Equity 
and some of our thematic funds we have seen inflows such as Digital India Fund, 
Banking and Financial Services Fund, even the GenNext, Consumption oriented Fund, 
generally, we have seen inflows in this space. But this breakup, I would get that 
separately. With respect to the folio increase, of course, I mentioned about 13 lakh folios 
we got added. In terms of new PAN number we added around 10 lakhs. 
Mr. Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Going back to the second question, I was not net number for the year, but rather trying 
to understand how much proportion of the gross flows came into the direct channel, if 
you can you know give some color on that? 
Mr. A. Balasubramanian: Direct channel is about 18% in the overall asset mix. 
Mr. Dipanjan Ghosh: 
This is on AUM basis, right? 
Mr. A. Balasubramanian: Equity AUM basis, correct. 
Mr. Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Can you also give this number on a flow basis? 
Mr. Parag Joglekar: 
It will be more or less in a similar range. 

 
Page 13 of 17 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Elara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Mr. Madhukar Ladha: 
My question is the staff expenses again in Q4 we've seen a little bit of a decline from 
what was trending earlier. What is playing out of here and how do we see this line item 
going forward? 
Mr. Parag Joglekar: 
There is a slight drop in the variable/ bonus provision which we make every quarter. 
There has been a slight drop in the overall cost for the Q4. 
Mr. Madhukar Ladha: 
Can you give what is your total variable pay for the year? 
Mr. A. Balasubramanian: I think we will have to make some assumption only which is predominantly fixed versus 
variable payout, variable pay is generally roughly about 20- 25% of the broad kitty of 
the salary. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhuvnesh Garg from Investec Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Mr. Bhuvnesh Garg: 
I would like to know your views on the points of differentiation for AMC like what are the 
factors that you think would drive a channel partner to sell ABSL Fund particularly or for 
the customer to demand ABSL Fund? In that scenario what the company is doing about 
it and what kind of results you are expecting of your actions in coming years? 
Mr. A. Balasubramanian: Clear differentiation are, one is long years of commitment, the track record that we have 
as the fund house have brought to the table. And second is as a thought leader in the 
mutual industry to drive in the forefront, not just working only for our fund, even for the 
whole industry have given us a high respects as well as high engagement at ground 
level. That's the first and foremost thing which I would say. Second, of course, having 
created a good experience every fund house go through some bit of ups and downs 
here and there. Delivering consistent experience to the customers not just only an 
investment performance even otherwise in adding value to the distributors across the 
country and staying relevant from the customer point of view in the respective product 
category as one of the best solution providers for the investors, that remains the second 
point. Third, with respect to distribution partners, the number of engagement activities 
that we have around the year is both in terms of increasing the skill set of the people as 
well as working with them closely in adding more customers in every market as part of 
our penetration, given the fact that we are present in about 280 locations and that trend 
continues to remain one of the big area focus in increasing our geographical footprint 
and the commitment that we have in building this business and serving more growing 
needs of the customers and distribution community. I think these are some of the things 
which will remain. At the end of the day, we as a fund house, we are a firm believer of 
high engagement, high recall for our people, product, brand and the service that we're 
able to provide on an ongoing basis that ultimately will increase the market share. I think 

 
Page 14 of 17 
that's something which I've realized over a period of time. High engagement at the 
ground level is actually must in providing services to both distribution community as well 
the customers which will be one of the big differential for us which I call it as hard work, 
that hard work we will have to continue put more and more each passing year in order 
to ensure that we as a fund house get our deserving market share. 
Mr. Bhuvnesh Garg: 
Do we have any metric which track the engagement level like for example a daily active 
user in case of app so that time spend by each user on app daily basis, so some kind 
of metric which we can track to gauge the change in engagement that you just 
mentioned? 
Mr. A. Balasubramanian: We've introduced on the lines of salesforce.com which most of the international 
companies uses this. And we have introduced one of the locally created tool called 
“Vymo”, which is being used by some of the large banks in the country in order to 
provide a greater facility to the RM in order to be making more informed and then 
making more productive in every market in which we operate. That's something we as 
a fund house introduced last year. In fact wherever I travel and talk to my sales people, 
they all love it because it gives them greater information that they need on a day-to-day 
basis to be prepared in their respective market and then know where is the gap that 
lies, which distributor to be connected, which was the distributor they connected 
previously where they need to connect more going forward. All such information are 
provided in the palm itself with the mobile phone. That's something in my own belief is 
helping them to increase engagement at the ground level. In order to also give them 
more about MIS in a tip of their hand and is also helping them know the gap that exists 
in every market in terms of our activities and also helping them plan much better than 
the past which in our own belief is a continuous drive towards this and creating a cultural 
habit, creating a habit of using these as part of normal activities and that's something 
will help in bringing higher productivity from every RM that operate. Basically the idea 
is to make every RM look inward rather than look outward and therefore he is only 
worried about his market, his location which he is present and therefore drives the 
respective market growth which we have done historically in the past very well, but 
maybe for a brief period, yes, we had seen some slippage, which I see is coming back 
with this introduction of new tool. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Pranav Tendulkar from Rare Enterprises. Please go 
ahead. 
Mr. Pranav Tendulkar: 
Just wanted to confirm this, in outstanding SIPs that we have, I think we have 31.7 lakh 
SIPs, in that we have 2.5% market share out of the total SIPs outstanding in the market 
and in the new SIPs we have 4.5% market share, because new SIPs we have around 
I think 324,000 as compared to say 7 million in the industry, so is that calculation right? 
Mr. Prakash Bhogale: 
This 5.28 crores is the industry number and we have around 31 lakhs. So you can work 
on the market share. 

 
Page 15 of 17 
Mr. Pranav Tendulkar: 
In the same way, I can compare the new SIPs also, right? 
Mr. Prakash Bhogale: 
The new registration data we get it on the AMFI also. So from there also you can get 
the market share. 
Mr. Pranav Tendulkar: 
So you have included that in your presentation? 
Mr. Prakash Bhogale: 
Yeah. 
Mr. Pranav Tendulkar: 
That actually concludes that your market share in the new SIPs is much higher as 
compared to your previous performance, is that right? 
Mr. Prakash Bhogale: 
Yes. 
Mr. A. Balasubramanian: Exactly. That's the way historically we build our SIPs. Each month there has to be a 
higher growth coming in. Every segment we operate, we go on looking at what we need 
to do. If we have to drive our team with short-term incentives and also encourage them 
actually to send more SIPs which are long-term in nature. That’s something we keep 
doing it. I think what we said is exactly on the same lines which we have been building. 
Mr. Pranav Tendulkar: 
Out of our AUM, how much of our AUM stands in first two quartiles? Can you give us 
some color on that and do we track this number? 
Mr. A. Balasubramanian: Though we don't generally disclose, but I can give you an approximation. In the equity 
space, almost 75% of these funds have delivered Q1, Q2 performance with respect to 
the comparable schemes in the respective categories. In the case of fixed income, 
100% of the funds have been the Q1, Q2. The way we do is each category we look at 
the peer group and respective categories and then we map it. Therefore, on one year 
basis will be about 75% roughly, on two year basis will be roughly about 65%, on a 
three year basis also now close to about 65%. We have seen a continuous improvement 
in the last one and a half years in all our equity funds performance. Again, as we have 
seen in many times in market cycle, and this last one and half years our improvements 
significantly that we have shown in short-term performance, also now starts reflecting 
on the long-term performance. At the same time of course if I am better than others, 
somebody else has slipped right. There are many people actually also done extremely 
well on the basis of their performance during the period of '19-20. We have seen a 
significant dip in their performance as well. I think that's something which goes in cycle 
but as a fund house, we want to focus more on consistency rather than the performance 
in the short term or in the medium term. 
Mr. Pranav Tendulkar: 
Can you just give me some color on beyond 30(B30) monthly average AUM? I think we 
have around 460 billion for this quarter. How much of this is equity and debt, is this 
beyond 30 equity focused market? 
Mr. Prakash Bhogale: 
It is 75% equity. 

 
Page 16 of 17 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Prayesh Jain: 
Just wanted to check on slightly longer-term outlook for overall equity yield. We have 
seen in last couple of years in FY'20, '21, '22 sharp fall in the yield while there have 
been multiple reasons for it. But do you see the intensity of this reduction in equity yield 
to reduce going ahead and how do we see the yields moving ahead especially in the 
equity category? 
Mr. Parag Joglekar: 
As you also know, the larger the size will be the lower the TER. A little bit new flows 
which come in the scheme, currently may come at a slightly higher expenses than the 
underlying stock. But it totally depend on which scheme it comes, which category it 
comes because some of our brokerage after a certain period keep on dropping as the 
year pass, like the first year of NFO expenses, NFO has initial higher cost of 
underwriting, but over the period it will keep on dropping and which will help us all in 
reducing the cost of underwriting and improving the yield. So it's difficult to project but 
the principle remains same that sharing will be in the range of around 60-odd % and 
how the market or the size goes up, it will have a slightly drop in the TER. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranav Tendulkar from Rare Enterprises. Please 
go ahead. 
Mr. Pranav Tendulkar: 
One of the things that is a part of customer experience is obviously a return. But that's 
not the end of it. So I would just like you to spend some time on the factors other than 
the return of customer experience that you are focusing or tracking? 
Mr. A. Balasubramanian: Being an asset management company, investment is the heart of the business, that 
goes without saying. And also the risk management that as the fund house as we start 
building a size, managing business with high governance standards and also the risk 
that we need to keep in mind associated with both delivering consistent performance 
on portfolio funds as well as giving the operational benefit that we have to give. One of 
the things that we keep doing is a constant communication engagement with the 
existing customers as well on a quarter-on-quarter basis in adding value to them, one, 
on the basis of various opportunities that one could see in the market more as part of 
the learning initiatives, the investor education as you mentioned about is the highest 
and we are the number one fund in the country, is again ranked as the best among all 
the mutual fund players in the country. That's something on which we have bought a 
high emphasis we have now brought in the last 7-8 years. Second is on the service 
initiatives, we have a team called 12x12 project we call it. Within a few hours of any 
query that come from the customers, need to get resolved within a matter of 12 hours 
and thats the mandate has been giving to the entire customer service team as part of 
the speed to the market initiatives. There are many such small initiatives and our own 
belief is will help us in differentiating ourselves as a fund house who could have a higher 
mind share of the customers in addition to the experience they get on, putting their 
money in the investment plan. At the end of the day, we believe in adding value to the 

Page 17 of 17 
customers, even making the customers aware about the value added product that we 
have, value added services we have. But most of these services are meant for creating 
ease of doing business for the customers, but many times investors don't use this value 
added service, value added product to find a solution or maybe ease of transaction for 
their needs. That's something to create an awareness about them and make customers 
utility value go up significantly on this exercise is something remains one of the core 
area of focus in addition to focus only on the investment-led growth. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. A. Balasubramanian – M.D. and CEO for closing comments. 
Mr. A. Balasubramanian: Thank you very much ladies and gentlemen for logging in today. And with this we 
conclude our Q4 FY'22 earnings call. Do feel free to reach out to us through our IR 
Head, Mr. Prakash Bhogale, for any queries that you may have. And look forward to 
seeing you soon. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
__________________________________________________________________________________________
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. 
The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy.
