 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Laurus Labs 
Q4 FY 22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                     
                        
   
 
MANAGEMENT:   DR. SATYANARAYANA CHAVA – FOUNDER & 
CEO, LAURUS LABS 
                                             MR. V. V. RAVI KUMAR – ED & CFO, LAURUS 
LABS 
                                             MR. VIVEK KUMAR - SENIOR GM/INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, LAURUS LABS 
MODERATOR:          MR. MONISH SHAH – ANTIQUE STOCK       
BROKING 

 
Laurus Labs 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY 22 earnings Conference Call of 
Laurus Labs, hosted by Antique Stock Broking. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the Conference Call, please signal 
an operator by “*”, then “0” on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Monish Shah from Antique Stock 
Broking. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Monish Shah: 
Thank you, Steven. Good morning and a warm welcome to everyone to Laurus’ Q4 FY 22 
results Conference Call. We thank the management for giving us the opportunity to host this 
call. Today, we have with us Dr. Satyanarayana Chava, Founder and CEO, Mr. V. V. Ravi 
Kumar, Executive Director and CFO, and Mr. Vivek Kumar from the Investor Relations 
Team. I would like to hand the call over to Dr. Satya for his opening comment. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava: 
Thank you for joining us for our Q4 and full year FY 22 results Conference Call. I hope and 
wish everyone and their family members, colleagues, and friends are keeping safe and 
healthy during these challenging times. We're pleased to have this opportunity to update you 
on our progress and answer your questions. During the last quarter, the industry faced some 
interim turbulence on the raw materials front and also availability and cost of solvents. Now 
with the recent geopolitical conflicts and reemergence of COVID cases in China and 
elsewhere are posing new challenges. The disruptions in the supply chain and logistics has 
further increased. We are trying to minimize any disruption to our commitments to customers 
by expanding our critical supplier base. We're also tracking all of this and would stay agile 
and force course correction as we execute our commitments. Overall, FY 22 operationally 
has been fairly resilient where we are stabilized on our sales and profitability was maintained 
closer to 30% despite headwinds in our ARV API business. 
 
We also believe that it was an important year where we Invested significantly in capacity 
creation, strengthen our R&D capabilities, built new partnerships in CDMO and steadily 
delivered on diversification of revenues along with minimal supply chain impact. This was 
despite lot of uncertainty and disruption in the business environment. During the year, we 
also successfully forayed into disruptive CAR-T technology by way of investing in Immuno 
act for a substantial minority stake. This investment should significantly help in bringing 
innovative and more affordable medicines in this region. We continue to fortify our core to 
bring more resilience in our business operations to deliver long term sustainable growth and 
enhance strategic customer value proposition in the coming years. We remain affirmative on 
our aspirational sales target of a billion in FY 23 and this will be supported by several 
approvals anticipated and good progress we made in our multi-site capacity expansion across 
all divisions, including CDMO. Moving on to our financial results for full year FY 22, we 
achieved INR 4,036 crore with a growth of 3%, whereas Q4 we achieved in 1,420 crore 
against INR 1412 crore in the corresponding quarter. 
 
Sequentially, we have substantially improved on our revenue numbers across major business 
verticals as guided in our Q3 call. To begin, I would like to share key updates on our 
formulation business. The formulation division reported revenues of INR 1,880 crore in FY 
22 with 13% growth, whereas INR 491 crore for the quarter with an increase of 14%. The 
contribution from this division has improved during FY 22 to 38% when compared to 35% in 
the previous financial year. Coming to LMIC business, we started witnessing gradual 
stabilization in the demand from various multilateral agencies versus our previous quarter 
performance, which was impacted due to stocking at various channels, DTG based regimen 
continues to remain preferred, antiretroviral treatment and believe its use will also increase 
rapidly in second line, as well as pediatric treatments as the new standard of care. During Q4, 
we received final approval for lopinavir-ritonavir combination from the US FDA and we 
have launched that product recently. Additionally, we're awaiting few more products 
approvals, which should drive growth in the coming quarters. 
 
Laurus is fully integrated player in ARV formulations and we do believe we have fair ability 
to weather any pricing challenges in the coming quarter. Happy to share that Laurus has 
signed and will be part of MPP license for Pfizer's oral COVID vaccine, this will increase the 

 
Laurus Labs 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
broad access in LMIC markets. Coming to the developed markets, we're observing stable 
market share for our products. We are not seeing any pricing pressure here. We continue to 
leverage our frontline presence in the US market with the new product launches. We have 
filed one product during the quarter and a total of four were filed during FY 22. Our overall 
filing number improved versus FY 21 and we expect filing pace to pick up during the current 
financial year. We have received three approvals during the quarter and total five approvals 
in FY 22. Cumulatively, we have a total of 31 ANDA filed to date. Of this, we have a total of 
11 final approvals and 11 tentative approvals so far. In Canada we have 11 products 
approvals, of which we have launched five products and we intend to launch two more 
products in the next few quarters. For the European markets we have validated two products 
as part of our contract manufacturing partnership. We expect a significant upside in FY 23 
from these products. In Europe, we have a basket of eight approved products of which we 
have already launched three products and we'll be launching more products based on the 
market opportunity. Based on our healthy product pipeline progress we continue to invest in 
our FDF infrastructure, our brownfield expansion at unit 2 is progressing as per our 
expectations and is expected to add significant capacity to our FDF operations taking the 
capacity to 10 billion units. Currently the brownfield expansion is under qualification and 
will be ready for commercial use before June 22. 
 
On R&D front, we continue to allocate critical resources and invest in portfolio with product 
specific approach, not the market specific approach based on the complexity and scale 
economies. Additionally, we are implementing steps to bring more robustness in our overall 
product development processes. Besides this, we are happy to share that we should be ready 
to commercialize our sterile R&D unit during this quarter, this is being set up at IKP at 
Shamirpet. Overall R&D spending to sales for this quarter and full year was at 4% of our 
revenues, we have a total of 62 products in R&D pipeline, either under development or under 
validation with an addressable market size of $40bn brand sales. 
 
I would like to share the status of our filings, 31 ANDAs in US ,11 dossier filed in Europe, 
17 in Canada, 9 with WHO, 4 dossiers in South Africa and 7 in India apart from 19 products 
filed in various ROW markets. Of the 31 filed in US we have 15 para 4 filings and 10 plus 
FTFs opportunities having a sizable market opportunity. As mentioned our approach remains 
product specific, not market specific. During the quarter, we have successfully completed 
EMA inspections for our unit two and brownfield expansion also was inspected by the 
European agency. When we move to give you updates on the generic API, we want to update 
you on the antiviral ARV front. ARV during the quarter, saw  improvement in procurement 
and sales to other generic companies have grown sequentially, by 47% to almost INR 300 
crore, for the full year FY 22, the business reported negative growth of one third, almost 33% 
due to high base effect while overall demand environment stays softer  we remain optimistic 
about further recovery in the coming  quarters, we continue to maintain a leading market 
share in the current product line, what we sell and also expect to increase our developed 
market API supplies. 
 
We're also happy to share the onco API reported INR 72 crore sales during the quarter 
reflecting growth of 16%, Laurus Labs have one of the largest high potent API capacities in 
India, and we are partly adding new capacities during the next 12 months. We also added a 
lot of capacity in the previous 12 months as well. Our aim is to strengthen global leadership 
in some of the existing products by focusing on high potent molecules and increase our 
market share. In other APIs other than ARVs and onco we have achieved INR 171 crore sales 
during the quarter, this was supported by new contract supplies. For FY 22 while our growth 
was muted we believe the segments should return to healthy growth trajectory in FY 23. 
During the quarter four, we have filed two DMFs, both non-ARV taking the total number of 
DMF filings to 73 to date and we filed 12 DMFs in FY 22, which is maximum DMFs filed 
during a financial year in company's history. We also initiated validation of few APIs and 
expect to see good growth in FY 23 and 24. 
 
We continue to have higher order book visibility in the segment and accordingly we're adding 
manufacturing capacities to capture this opportunity. When it comes to CDMO business, this 
business has maintained a solid growth momentum and delivered robust growth and we 
doubled our revenues by almost 100% to INR 360 crore in the Q4. For FY 22 CDMO 
business grew very strong over 75% year on year. We continue to pursue several active 

 
Laurus Labs 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
projects in the late stage clinical programs and commercial supplies ongoing for core 
products. On our multiyear supply contract, we executed in quarter two FY 22 the Capex 
work is on fast track. Additionally, our proposed Greenfield investment to set up a dedicated 
R&D center for our CDMO division at Hyderabad and three manufacturing units in Vizag 
under Laurus Synthesis is progressing as per our expectations. New sites for this division will 
have the capabilities to handle steroids, hormones, high potent molecules apart from large 
scale products. 
 
The last division on the Bio Segment, the revenues have improved over 40% quarter on 
quarter to INR 35 crore mainly led by new capacities getting operational. For the full year FY 
22 the sales was INR 100 crore, which is a very significant growth, almost 70% compared to 
preacquisition annualized data of INR 58 crore as we brought more operational synergies and 
added more capacities to this division. We're also gradually ramping up on the 180,000 L 
fermentation capacity with our large scale manufacturers. Scheduled expansion at R1 
including new R&D block and installing balancing equipment to enhance capacity at R2, this 
expansion will be completed before September 2022. We're also in the process of acquiring 
additional land to further expand our manufacturing capabilities to offer CMO services for 
recombinant food proteins. Our focus on ESG, quality and regulatory compliance to drive 
sustainable growth and further accelerate on efficiency and pipeline opportunity remains our 
top priority. This will aid our journey towards our vision and strengthen our core values. 
With that, I would like to hand it over to Ravi to share financial highlights. 
V. V. Ravi Kumar: 
Thank you, Dr. Satya and very warm welcome to everyone on our quarter four and full year 
FY 22 earning call. The total income from operations was INR 4936 crore a 3% growth and 
the quarter is about INR 1425 crore against INR 1412 crore reporting a similar number for 
both corresponding quarters. But of course sequentially, we have grown as we indicated in 
the Q3. Gross margin improved to full year at around 56%, but of course the quarter four 
gross margin is slightly lower side, that’s because of the solvent price increase substantially 
in the quarter three that has got affected or consumed in quarter four and the selling price 
decreased from the ARV supplies and, of course, the product mix also will matter. Our 
EBITDA for the quarter four at INR 398 crore, it is around 28% margin, for the full year INR 
1436 crore with 29%, we have indicated that 30% is our expected margin, it is close to what 
we have guided. 
 
Our diluted EPS for the quarter is at 4.3 and 15.4 per the full year basis. Our RoCE is at 26.3 
and CapEx front for a cash flow we have done about INR 950 crore CapEx in the full year, 
this is well within the 2-year guidance, rest of the CapEx will be incurred in this current fiscal 
FY 23. We also want like to update that most of the investment across key projects are on 
track and of course, if you need, we have provided more details in our investor presentation, 
you can refer to that. We remain on course to strengthen our position as a cost effective 
integrated pharma player and we are investing in backward integration efforts in making 
intermediates creating further API and FDF capacities in the non-ARV infrastructure. Of 
course, you are aware that we are in a most difficult challenging times, not only on the war 
side, but also from the COVID front in the China side, we are trying to gear up by using all 
the techniques to not to have any production losses. With this I would request the moderator 
to open the lines for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane:  
Thanks for the opportunity, so just on these selling prices of ARV, if you could just throw 
some light in terms of on a relative basis over past six months, how much the prices have 
fallen and what has triggered this price? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  The FY 22 sales for most companies which were in the ARV space were significantly lower 
and everybody has significant inventory, that led to the price decrease both in APIs as well as 
in the formulations. I can't give you a specific number, but the API prices and ARV prices 
both were down, around 10%, I would say, I can't give you a specific number, but around 
10%. 

 
Laurus Labs 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Tushar Manudhane:  
Sure, that helps, but with this inventory now getting normalizing business or rather limited 
scope of these prices recovering, so whatever 10% fall, that is how we probably continue in 
the going forward basis as well? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Some improvement will come from softening of the raw material prices and solvent prices, 
but we don't foresee the API prices and formulary prices going up, I think this could be the 
new base. So we haven't seen any significant price drops from FY 2021 remain constant, FY 
22 was the year where we saw a drop, but I don't think FY 23 will have further drop, I think 
this is going to the new phase and we have seen from Q3 to Q4 and also Q1 we have order 
books and the prices are at a new base right now, we don't expect prices will go down further. 
Tushar Manudhane:  
And just on your 1 billion target for FY 23 so broadly, will it be like spread out across four 
quarters or you see more in second half of FY 23, will you throw some color on it? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  I think it has to be spread out. I can't give you very specific number, but it'll be evenly spread 
out, Yes. 
Tushar Manudhane:  
And just lastly with this 1 billion in FY 23, how much of it build up on FY 24 as well or is 
there any business which will be only restricted to FY 23 out of this $1 billion? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  We see a lot of opportunities not just in FY 23, but FY 24 as well. As we build capacities, we 
are adding lot of customers, lot of approvals are expected. I don't see there will be any one 
FY 23 for us to reach our target. 
Tushar Manudhane:  
Okay sir, thanks a lot for addressing these questions. 
Moderator:   
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harith Ahmed from Spark Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Harith Ahmed:  
Good morning, thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on Laurus Bio, so the INR 
35 crore revenue for the quarter, so very impressive ramp up there, trying to understand how 
much of the 180 kiloliter capacities are being used now, so what is the utilization of the new 
capacities that we have added as of the fourth quarter and then slightly from a long term 
perspective, from biotech ingredients that we are making now and as we aspire to do 
fermentation based drugs and maybe therapeutic proteins in the future, the current capacities 
that we have at Laurus Bio, can we use those capacities for these future products that we 
would be manufacturing at Laurus Bio and how long will that journey be as we transition 
from the current set of products, which are largely enzymes to drugs and therapeutic 
proteins? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  I'll answer your question in maybe three parts. One is our 180,000 L capacity is fully 
operational in Q4 and we are taking up some debottlenecking exercise to add more 
downstream capacity so that we can utilize our fermentation much better than what we are 
doing today. So new fermentation capacity will only come by end of FY 24, so significant 
growth in revenues at Bio can come only in FY 25, despite probably some growth will come 
because of the debottlenecking of R1 and R2, that is one and second, in the current plan, with 
the medium term until FY 25, we have no plans to go into therapeutic protein, so most of our 
capacity utilization currently and until FY 25 will be only in the recombinant food proteins. 
So we are still having a strategy internal discussions, when and how we will enter into 
therapeutic proteins. 
Harith Ahmed: 
Okay and then the same fermenters, including the 1 million capacity that we are adding can 
the same fermenters be used for drugs like statins or therapeutic proteins when we enter those 
businesses or those are totally different types of reactors that's needed for those kind of 
products? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  The 1 million litre large fermentation capacity what we are creating is for CMO of food 
proteins. 

 
Laurus Labs 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Harith Ahmed:  
Okay. 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava: 
The fermenters for other pharmaceutical intermediates is under discussion with our bio team 
at Bangalore and that capacity has to be created separately to this food protein capacity. 
Harith Ahmed:  
Thanks, that's helpful, understood that point. Second question is on the CDMO segment and 
we have talked about three new facilities, which can potentially start supplies from FY 25, so 
how much of an increase we are seeing in our CDMO capacity, what kind of an increase 
from the current capacities will happen for the CDMO business when these three new 
facilities come on stream? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Currently the capacity is shared between the CDMO and general API space. So, as we are 
seeing lot of opportunities, we are creating dedicated capacities for CDMO, the reactor 
volume what we're creating for CDMO will be close to start with 500 cubic meter and maybe 
600 cubic meters, right and then we have the ability to add more capacity brownfield because 
the land what we're using for these new greenfield facilities is big. 
Harith Ahmed:  
Okay, so the current 7,000 kiloliter capacity that you're talking about is overlapping between 
APIs and CDMO, that's the way to think about it? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Yes, you’re right, the 7000 cubic meter capacity is shared between the divisions and 
whatever new capacity we are creating is exclusive to the CDMO division. 
Harith Ahmed:  
Okay, and last one with your permission. When I look at the balance sheet, there's a sharp 
increase in other current liabilities and I am trying to understand what has led to this and the 
operating cash flow appear to have benefited from this, so is there something that you can 
call out here? 
V. V. Ravi Kumar: 
I think the other current liability is because of the higher purchases in the quarter four, so we 
need to gear up for the higher revenues end of FY 23. 
Harith Ahmed:  
Okay, Yes, I'll maybe take it offline, that's all from my side, thanks. 
V. V. Ravi Kumar:  
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Before we take the next question, a reminder to the participants, please limit your 
questions to two per participant for any follow-up, may be requested to rejoin the queue. The 
next question is from the line of Tarang from Old Bridge Capital. Please go ahead. 
Tarang:  
Hello, sir, good afternoon, just a couple of questions from me, one so the $1 billion target in 
the current financial year, what is driving the confidence for this, I mean, are there some 
products that are maybe approaching expiry or some one off opportunities in the US, that's 
number one and number two, it’s just a book-keeping question on contract, manufacturing 
revenues in the formulations business, and how much was ARV as a percentage of total 
business for FY 22. 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  As you've seen in FY 22, our ARV/API business is 25% and synthesis business is close to 
20%. In FY 23 we expect our divisions will grow, but percentages broadly will remain 
similar, what it means, that means we have opportunities to grow API business back to 
healthy growth, formulations, in US, we have a few big launches ahead of us and we are 
expecting approvals for two products in Europe where our partner, we already signed big 
contract manufacturing. So the growth is even spread between APIs, formulations and 
CDMO and bio will also grow, but, that is not going to be a significant portion in overall 
revenue base. 
Tarang:  
Okay, and how much do you say ARV, formulations plus API as a percentage of FY 22 
revenues? 

 
Laurus Labs 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  ARV, APIs and formulations are close to 55% of our revenues came fromARVs. 
Tarang:  
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, the next question is from the line of Krish Mehta from Enam Holdings, please go 
ahead. 
Krish Mehta: 
Hi, thank you for taking my questions. So the first one was just the clarification on the 
previous question on the ARV versus non-ARV business, 55% share of ARV business is the 
total ARV share in the entire revenue stream, or is it just for API FDF? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  ARV, API contributed only 25% in FY 22. See, in FY 16, the year before we went to public, 
the ARV, APIs contributed 82% of revenue and it was down to 25%. The ARV revenues and 
API revenues in FY 16 were INR 1,450 crore. In FY 22 ARV, API revenues were INR 1250 
crore. So while we remain almost constant on the revenue terms, but the percentage terms 
went down from 82 to 25, that is the kind of diversification the company went through the 
last 6 years, whereas our revenues from formulation are zero in FY 16, but in FY 22 we had 
38% revenue coming from formulations. So our formulation revenues in FY 16 was INR 20 
crore and we did almost INR 1800 crore in FY 22. CDMO revenues were about INR 100 
crore and we went up to INR 917 crore in FY 22. That's the kind of diversification what we 
were talking earlier, and we'll continue to put efforts to diversify the business further by FY 
25, as we mentioned by FY 25, our ARV sales, both the APIs and formulations put together 
should be maybe one third of our revenues, not 55 as in FY 22. 
Krish Mehta:  
Okay. Thank you and my next question was on the synthesis business. So given the billion 
dollar target on your previous statement, you see the mix remaining broadly similar, so do 
you see the change in margins with the billion dollar target coming through like a CDMO 
business or would you guide your margins towards being similar to what we've seen in the 
last 2 to 3 years? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  I think we will be very similar. We don't want to give more precise details, but it'll be very 
similar. 
Krish Mehta:  
Okay, thank you so much. 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Gupta from Guardian AMC, please 
go ahead. 
Pratik Gupta:  
Yes, thank you and congratulations for the numbers. I just wanted to know how are we seeing 
on the forecasting proportion mix for API in the next upcoming year toward API, ARV and 
other onco. 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Our onco APIs, when our revenue base was small, it used to be about 8%, now also it is 
about 6% of revenues in FY 22 despite the big base. The ARV non-onco were very low in 
FY 16, our 4% of revenues came from non-ARV non-onco but went up to 10% in FY 22, so 
that also shows our diversification. We have validated about 12 DMFs filed in FY 22, that 
was highest in our history and except one all of those were non-ARVs. So we see 
opportunities for us to do more non-ARV, non-onco revenues from FY 24 onwards. So, we 
believe we have reached significant optimum level in both the APIs and formulations and 
ARVs and our growth predominant will come from non-ARVs, both in APIs, as well as in 
the formulation space. 
Pratik Gupta:  
So it's fair to say that it'll be equally proportioned in the coming quarters or year? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava: 
I couldn’t get your question, sir, can you repeat? 

 
Laurus Labs 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Pratik Gupta:  
Is it fair to say that the proportion will be almost equally, I mean, focus will be more towards 
the non-onco and non-ARV. 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Yes. In the coming quarters and the years we expect the revenue contribution as a percentage 
wise will come down from ARVs while we maintain the same quantum of business, both in 
APIs and formulations for ARVs, Yes. 
Pratik Gupta:  
Okay. And my second question is in the presentation, I saw that we are trying to maintain the 
leadership pipeline in the API segment, so what could be the market share as a whole in US, 
Europe as such? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Maybe we can take this question offline, we can't give you the specific product share in US, 
we haven't lost any market share, and we haven't seen any types of pressure in our products 
what we are selling in Europe and US. 
Pratik Gupta:  
Okay, a small question, sir, an add-on on that. We are seeing the revenue growth to be 
seasonal in the Q4 for like for three years. so do we say that the business has seasonality or is 
it just because the growth of businesses is higher in this quarter? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Typically for last several years, our Q4 synthesis revenues were higher because of the bulk 
shipments happened in the Q4 to suit the production demand of partners, but they are not 
significant other than that. 
Pratik Gupta:  
Okay, that's it from my side, thank you and congratulations. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jeevan Patwa from Sahasrar PMS, please go 
ahead. 
Jeevan Patwa:  
Congratulations, sir on this wonderful set of numbers. I just want to understand, like earlier 
we were saying that we have $1 billion aspirational target, and then we receive a large order 
from Global Life Sciences company and then basically in one of the interview you said, $1 
billion is not an aspirational target anymore, we will achieve it. So, just want to understand 
was this order part of your aspirational target or this order has come over and above the target 
that we were basically thinking of? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  See this relationship with the new partner is already there. We got additional orders from the 
partner. It's not that we have added a new customer during the last financial year. We were 
talking about this aspirational number almost a year back, maybe 2 years back, not a year. So 
this is the goal we kept and we are adding products, we are adding capacities. Ultimately we 
need two things to achieve any targets. One is, do we have capacities, the answer is yes. Do 
we have products, answer is yes. Do we have the market? I think yes, because of these three 
things and we are prepared well, so now we are confident to reach our target. 
Jeevan Patwa:  
Okay, and second is this quarter the CDMO sales has been very, very good and I think this 
included only one month of supply for the new order. So, looks like next year can be pretty 
big in fact for CDMO so how much you are expecting to close FY 23 for CDMO? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava: Unfortunately, we can't give you both details, but we can assure you that our focus and 
commitment, conviction on the CDMO business is giving results and that's the reason we 
have created a separate entity, we are creating separate facilities for the division because of 
some long term contracts that we have signed, some opportunities in front of us. So this 
division is worth watching for everyone including us. So we are investing because of 
opportunities ahead of us. 
Jeevan Patwa:  
Perfect. The last question, sir, is there any update on the ImmunoACT, I think started human 
trials, some 6 months back. So any timelines when the results will be out or something? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  We expect some results read out during this financial, Yes. 

 
Laurus Labs 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Jeevan Patwa:  
Okay, thanks a lot, sir, that’s it. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Veera from Abakkus. Please go 
ahead.  
Rahul Veera:  
Hi, sir, congratulations for the large order from the Global Life Sciences company. I just 
wanted to understand like what is the potential from this particular molecule, it could be a 
one off, right? Like, on start of the call you mentioned that after $1 billion it is not going to 
be any one off in the $1 billion in FY 23, but it seems like something like this could be a one-
off. What could be the potential for this molecule in it itself? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Just, I want reiterate, our aspirational target there is no one off revenues considered, just I 
want to reiterate. 
Rahul Veera:  
Okay. 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  We can't give you any specific details about the product quantities right now because of the 
confidentiality issues, we can't give you more details. 
Rahul Veera:  
But also potentially like if I see, like Pfizer has mentioned that they have gone to $22 billion 
of sales [inaudible]  
Moderator:  
Sorry to interrupt, but your voice is not good, sir, if you can speak closer to the handset. 
Rahul Veera:  
Sure, so I was just thinking that Pfizer has mentioned in its presentation that they're going to 
do $22 billion Paxlovid sales in CY22. Consider 3% to 4% of our total opportunity size for 
us, can throw some direction on that, like is it is $100 million opportunity or is it much 
bigger? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Unfortunately, we can't give any details on our contract product, our pricing, and the 
quantum of the order also, see we gave what we can give and what we are supposed to give. 
Rahul Veera:  
Okay, fair point, sir, thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hussain Kagzi from Ambit Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Hussain Kagzi:  
Hi, am I audible? 
Moderator:  
Yes, sir, you are, please proceed. 
Hussain Kagzi:  
So, so my first question was with regards to CapEx. So I wanted to understand that with huge 
cost inflation going on right now, so are we seeing that our cost of CapEx what we had 
guided for is, are we seeing any inflation on that side. So that was my first question. 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  See, if you look at our several quarter investor calls, the one where we are increasing is our 
CapEx number. So we were giving lower guidance and increasing it because of the 
opportunities. So in the last year we were saying for 2 years, our CapEx will be between INR 
1500 to 1700 crore and now for next 2 years, we say it is between INR 2000 to 2500 crore. 
That is the kind of CapEx is there in front of us, but for next FY 23 and FY 24 we may stand 
anywhere between INR 2000 to 2500 crore CapEx. 
Hussain Kagzi:  
Okay, understood, and, sir on the CDMO side I just wanted one clarification is that as far as 
my limited understanding goes, the innovator contract so our revenue is dependent on how 
the molecule progresses from one stage to the another and on the success of the molecule at 
the innovator’s end. So referring to the large contract that we announced at the end of Q2, so 
how is that structured as in, does it include a manufacturing component as well for which 

 
Laurus Labs 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
we'll be supplying or has the molecule already been commercialized? This is with regards to 
what we announced in Q2. 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  The molecule is commercialized and we are supplying so there is no uncertainty in that. 
Hussain Kagzi:  
Okay, alright, got it, thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritesh Rathod from Nippon India Mutual 
Fund, please go ahead. 
Ritesh Rathod:  
Yes. Hi, sir, the CDMO contract, would we start contributing from 1Q FY 23 in a normalized 
way or it would slowly ramp up over FY 23? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  It's already supply started and we supply as per the partner demand. We can't give you any 
more details on that. 
Ritesh Rathod:  
But it won't be like initial stage it would be very low and then eventually second or third 
stage you'll supply the full quantity, it would be evenly spread out, right? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  It’ll be spread out, Yes. 
Ritesh Rathod:  
Okay, and on the CapEx side, have you increased the guidance from what you were talking 
of last quarter? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Yes. We have increased our CapEx guidance by almost about INR 500 to 600 crore than 
what we were saying earlier because of the opportunities what we are seeing and we want to 
be ready with capacities to take on those opportunities. 
Ritesh Rathod:  
Okay, thanks, that’s all from my side. 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Thanks. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naresh Suthar from SBI Life Insurance. 
Please go ahead. 
Naresh Suthar:  
Yes, hi, thank you for taking my question, my question is again on margins. If I look at the 
gross margins, this will be a new base for FY 23 open for quarter four margins? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Quarter four margins were down when compared to the previous quarter or the corresponding 
quarter for multiple reasons. One is the challenges in solvent pricing, raw material pricing, 
logistics cost, product mix changes, energy and fuel cost. All those contributed to lower gross 
margins there. 
Naresh Suthar:  
Like you said ARV the price pressure, which is new base, even solvent prices, I don't know 
whether it is coming down, so that way this should be the new base for our gross margin? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  See the ARV, API sale and formulation sale ARV, we expect little growth, but mostly 
flattish, so as we increase our revenues from non-ARV, both APIs and formulations, we 
expect these gross margins to slightly go up from the current base. 
Naresh Suthar:  
Okay, one more question. Can I say quarter to quarter the CDMO business the margins were 
similar to quarter 3, not asking for actual numbers, but was the margin index segment same 
versus last quarter, quarter three? 

 
Laurus Labs 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  We can't give you segment wise gross margins, but as I mentioned from 52% gross margin in 
FY quarter four, we'll put efforts to increase it further, but we can't give you more details 
beyond that, so we don't expect margins to go down. 
Naresh Suthar:  
I asked this question because I just wanted to understand whether the raw material pressure 
was seen in CDMO business as well? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  No. 
Naresh Suthar:  
Okay, thank you, sir. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Bohra from MK Ventures, please go 
ahead. 
Tushar Bohra:  
Yes, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations to the management for a much improved 
set of numbers. First, quick clarification first, so our aspiration in addition to the revenue 
aspiration is the margin aspiration closer to 30%, is that what was mentioned earlier in the 
call for FY 23? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  We remain confident to achieve that kind of margins, Yes. 
Tushar Bohra:  
Okay, second, the solvent pricing, have we been able to take on some price hikes to 
compensate or has the pricing started to stabilize or even moderate a bit, any color on the 
overall raw material pricing as a whole, for this quarter and the coming trend? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  We expect the solvent prices and raw material prices will soften further, but currently the 
weaker gross margin what we reported in Q4 is because of several factors including solvent 
prices and raw material prices and we expect that will soften further and we will improve our 
margins from the 52% higher. 
Tushar Bohra:  
So you also mentioned specifically energy cost and logistics cost, any color incrementally on 
those, and also if anything on the disruption from China, if you can share views on that. 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  The energy cost is only transient. We don't expect that cost to be there for several quarters. 
So we may see that challenge for only Q1, then onwards we don't see any energy cost 
escalation and the other factors, freight costs are higher for not just pharma business for any 
other business as well and we have no visibility on how and when the logistics will be 
improved. 
Tushar Bohra:  
Okay, but it would be fair to say that specifically energy cost would have impacted maybe by 
at least 100 bps, maybe slightly more on the margin front? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  We can’t quantify, Tushar. 
Tushar Bohra:  
Okay. 
V. V. Ravi Kumar:  
What Dr. Satya is talking about is quarter one of FY 23 on the energy cost, except the coal     
cost increase, which got impacted last year. 
Tushar Bohra:  
Okay, sure. 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  The energy cost is not going into the gross margin, below that, so our gross margin is sale 
price minus raw material cost. So our energy cost will impact our EBITDA, but not our gross 
margin, yes. 

 
Laurus Labs 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Tushar Bohra:  
Right, so actually sir, the overall gross margin if we see, year on year the gross margin has 
actually been flattish only, but our overall EBITDA margins have come down, so certainly 
these line items have got impacted, right? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Because of the scale effect. 
V. V. Ravi Kumar:  
Operational deleverage, if you look at what happened, our revenue numbers are similar 
numbers of last year, but you have an escalation of the costs, those costs that have to be 
absorbed into the EBITDA, that is the reason you will find the difference on a yearly basis, 
Tushar. 
Tushar Bohra:  
Sure, sir. Second on the strategy side, so if you could share more color on the sterile R&D 
and also when we had done this minority acquisition in the ImmunoACT startup, at that time 
we had mentioned this as being only sort of an investment, but our commentary in this Con 
Call has been that this is a significant foray for us. So is there a plan to consolidate the stakes 
further in ImmunoACT or maybe develop this line of business further? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  I'll answer first question in the sterile R&D space. So we wanted to be in the sterile space, 
ours is R&D first approach, so we're putting R&D center for our sterile, and then we have 
land to set up a manufacturing facility for sterile products. Coming back to ImmunoACT, this 
is an investment and we have no plans to consolidate and certain part of our profits we 
wanted to invest in technologies where we don't have expertise like this and we continue to 
identify such opportunities, but that's not our core strength. So, you know, our core strength 
is manufacturing and ImmunoACT’s core strength is drug discovery, so they will do their 
portion and we have no ideas to consolidate them or invest in similar lines. 
Moderator:  
Mr. Bohra, sorry to interrupt, but for any follow up may we request to rejoin the queue, 
please. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipen Sheth from Buoyant Capital, 
please go ahead. 
Dipen Sheth:  
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity, sir I want to kind of raise this question about gross margin 
change over 3Q to 4Q, in an effort to understand how much of that happened because of 
business mix change, how much of that was happening because of price erosions and how 
much of that happened because of maybe a pull up from the higher mix of the synthesis 
business in the fourth quarter, because I think the outstanding feature of the fourth quarter is 
that you have delivered more than INR 150 crore incremental quarterly revenues on the 
synthesis business. Now, normally I would expect that that's a very high gross margin 
business. I don't know the specifics of your business, but with this kind of a boost, if 
sequentially gross margins fell from 59 or 58.8 to 52%, despite a huge boost from the 
synthesis business, there's something about the relative movement of your margins across the 
four segments that we are missing here. So, I think Naresh did ask this question, but I'm not 
sure whether I could understand your response. How would you interpret this for us? That 
synthesis goes up by, you know, from INR 207 crore to INR 360 crore sequentially and there 
is a reasonably higher contribution from APIs as well, another INR 100 crore of incremental 
contribution, so was it that margins fell sharply in the API segment, the gross margins again. 
So how do you reconcile this for us? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  In the generic you have to consider both the API, ARV APIs and ARV formulations, both we 
have been to a new base. So there's the price reduction in both APIs and formulations happen. 
In non-ARVs we haven't seen pricing pressure, as we increase our non-ARV revenues, not 
just synthesis, but also non-ARV APIs, non-ARV formulation sales goes up so our margins 
level will improve further, so we are at a new base in ARVs and ARV price reduction is the 
major contributor to drop in gross margins and then solvent prices, these are the two major 
reasons for dropping gross margins. 
Dipen Sheth:  
And, would it not be fair on my part to expect a pull up, countervailing effect as it was from 
synthesis business ramp up? Is that a fair assumption to make that synthesis is a very good 
gross margin business and should have pulled up a little bit, the overall cross margins for that 
matter? 

 
Laurus Labs 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  As we mentioned, the margins will move up because the revenue contribution from non-ARV 
business will go up, that is the reason we expect from 52%, we expect improvement. We 
can't give you how much we will improve, but there will be improvement. 
Dipen Sheth:  
Alright, sir, thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Surjit Bal from BOB Capital Markets, 
please go ahead. 
Surjit Bal:  
Thank you for the opportunity, I have just one question about that CDMO business where 
you have started supplying product which has been commercialized as stated in the 
presentation. If you could throw some light about your client's product in terms of therapeutic 
area, the market where it has been launched and how much sales we could expect in say the 
next 2 to 3 years, and how many suppliers will be there along with you initial, you know, 2 to 
3. 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  See, unfortunately we can't give you any more details on that, pricing our product, our 
quantities, we can't give you because they are confidential. See that’s one reason why people 
like us, we maintain confidentiality with our partners’ products. So generic, we have given 
enough details because we're able to give, in the CDMO we can't give you any details. It is 
not our product, it is their product, so we are bound to confidentiality agreement, we are 
giving gross margins, price reductions, all possible facts in our generic business. We can't 
give you in our CDMO business. 
Surjit Bal:  
I'm not asking you tell the name of the product or the company or the things, but I need to 
understand the kind of therapeutic area or the number of people who are supplying these API 
currently to them. 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Unfortunately, we don't know how many suppliers are there. 
Surjit Bal:  
Generally, two to three suppliers will be there in the initial 3 years. 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava: 
We don’t know. 
Surjit Bal:  
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ranvir Singh from Sunidhi Securities, please go 
ahead. 
Ranvir Singh:  
Yes, thanks for the opportunity and congrats on the good set of numbers, just on revenue 
aspirations on $1 billion, just I wanted to understand in better perspective. So the growth in 
FY 23 we are talking about is more than over 50% on YoY, so that would be built mostly on 
synthesis business, API, or formulation. Can you give some indication? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  See one thing all of us need to understand, did this company ever achieve 50% growth in 
revenues earlier, we have done that couple of times. So even if you look at FY 20 to 21, we 
have grown more than 50%, actually we have grown in FY 12, FY 13, FY 14 our growth is 
more than 50%. That means we have the ability to create a base and then grow significantly 
and if you believe that we have delivered multiple times earlier and we will also deliver this 
time because of our capacity, what we created, because of the products what we have, 
because of the order book what we have. So you are right we have to grow more than 50% to 
achieve our target of $1 billion and we are fairly confident on achieving that. 
Ranvir Singh:  
So it is more towards formulation business? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  All segments will grow, formulation will grow, except ARV, APIs and some formulations, 
all rest of the divisions will have significant growth. 

 
Laurus Labs 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Ranvir Singh:  
Okay, so for FY 24, can we see a growth over FY 23? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  We can't comment right now, so maybe we can ask this question in Q4 FY 23, we'll able to 
give you some answer. 
Ranvir Singh:  
Okay and just on formulation side, what is our level of integration? How much business is 
integrated with our own API? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Except one where we have filed by using third party API, all other commercialized, 
development are based on API. In fact, the one which we use third party API, we don't have 
any market share. 
Ranvir Singh:  
Okay. 
Moderator:  
Sir, sorry to interrupt, but for any follow up may we request you to rejoin the queue, please. 
Ranvir Singh:  
Sure, thanks. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Alisha Mahawla from Envision Capital, please go 
ahead. 
Alisha Mahawla:  
Hi, sir, good afternoon, and thank you for taking my question, just with respect to what the 
earlier participant was asking with respect to $1 billion revenue target. So, I do believe that 
we're expecting the two formulations that were to be launched in Europe to contribute. Is it 
possible to say, are we expecting that in H2 or will we start seeing some of the contribution 
from H1? And what is the opportunity size that we are targeting? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  I can't give you the size of opportunity, but those products will be commercially launched in 
Q3 
Alisha Mahawla:  
In Q3? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Yes. 
Alisha Mahawla:  
And apart from that on the CDMO side also, apart from the one contract that did start some 
marginal contribution in Q4, the other one for which we're doing the fast track CapEx, is that 
also expected to start contributing from FY23? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  The capacity what we're adding currently is also about 15% of API capacity we're adding, but 
that will not contribute to revenue in FY 23, see, we have to grow in FY 24 as well for which 
we need to create capacity. See, unless we create capacity, how the pharma company will 
grow, either we have to do acquisitions or create capacity. You know, most of our growth is 
coming organically by creating capacities in house, so we are putting capacities for our future 
growth. 
Alisha Mahawla:  
I'm referring to the multiyear contract that was signed in Q2. 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Sorry, that we are creating capacity greenfield new site being created, that will be qualified, 
made up next year, that is, sometime Q2/Q3 next year, we will go commercial, Yes. 
Alisha Mahawla:  
So we are saying mid of 24. 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Yes. 
Alisha Mahawla:  
Sorry? 

 
Laurus Labs 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Mid of calendar year 23, that’s what I mean. 
Alisha Mahawla:  
Okay, understood and on the onco API side or rather on the non-ARV API side, do we have 
capacity to continue to grow in that space also? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Yes. We have capacities. We are creating more capacities in high potent. 
Alisha Mahawla:  
But that will come towards the end of 23? The new capacity in API? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Yes. 
Alisha Mahawla:  
Okay. So maybe you can just tell me what is the current utilization level in the API segment? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Full, actually we're running at optimum capacity. 
Alisha Mahawla:  
Okay. So maybe on the non-ARV side growth will come towards the end of the year once the 
new capacity comes? 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Yes. 
Alisha Mahawla:  
Okay, thank you so much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last question. I now 
hand the conference over to the management for their closing comments, over to you, sir. 
Dr. Satyanarayana Chava:  Thank you all of you for giving outside view on what we are doing and these questions will 
certainly improve our thinking and our strategy to create long term stakeholders value, thank 
you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Antique Stock Broking that concludes this 
conference, we thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
