 
 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Ltd 
Registered Office: C/o Avanta Business Centre, First Floor, Unit No. 1.14(a), D2, Southern Park, District Centre, Saket, New Delhi–110017, India  
Corporate Office: 9th Floor, Max Towers, Sector 16B, Noida, Uttar Pradesh–201301 , India  
Tel: +91-011-3044 6511 | Tel: +91-120-4648 100 | Fax No.: +91-120-4648 115 
CIN: L74999DL2007PLC277039  | Website: www.iexindia.com 
 
 
Dated: May 06, 2022  
 
The Manager  
 
 
 
 
The Manager 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Corporate Relationship Department 
 
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1 
Dalal Street  
 
 
 
 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex   
Mumbai- 400001 
 
 
 
 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 540750  
 
 
 
Symbol: IEX 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call with analysts and investors relating 
to Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended March 2022. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached transcript of earnings 
conference call held with analysts and investors on April 28, 2022, at 02:30 pm (IST) 
to discuss the financial results of the Company for the quarter ended March 2022. 
 
The above information will also be made available on the website of the Company: 
www.iexindia.com 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Vineet Harlalka  
CFO, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. ACS-16264 
 
 
Encl: as above 
VINEET 
HARLALKA
Digitally signed by 
VINEET HARLALKA 
Date: 2022.05.06 16:35:02 
+05'30' 
Adobe Acrobat Reader 
version: 2022.001.20117

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
“Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
 
 
               
              
       
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SATYANARAYAN GOEL - CHAIRMAN & 
MANAGING, INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE LIMITED 
                                           MR. VINEET HARLALKA - CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE LIMITED 
                                           MR. ROHIT BAJAJ - HEAD BUSINESS 
DEVELOPMENT, INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE 
LIMITED  
                                          MR. AMIT KUMAR - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT 
(HEAD OF PRODUCT AND MARKET OPERATIONS), 
INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE LIMITED  
                                          MR. SANGH GAUTAM - CHIEF TECHNOLOGY 
OFFICER, INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE LIMITED 
                                           MR. SAMIR PRAKASH - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT - 
HR & ADMINISTRATION, INDIAN ENERGY 
EXCHANGE LIMITED 
                                          MS. SHRUTI BHATIA - HEAD CORPORATE 
COMMUNICATIONS, IR AND CSR, INDIAN ENERGY 
EXCHANGE LIMITED 
                                           MR. ARCHIT GUPTA - INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR:               MR. SUMIT KISHORE - AXIS CAPITAL  

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY'22 Earnings Conference Call of 
Indian Energy Exchange hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Thank you, Margreth. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Axis Capital, I'm 
pleased to welcome you all for the Indian Energy Exchange Q4 FY '22 Earnings Conference 
Call. We have with us the management team of IEX, which is represented by Mr. SN Goel, 
Chairman and Managing Director. We also have the senior management team. We will begin 
with the opening remarks from Mr. Goel, followed by an interactive question-and-answer 
session. Over to you, sir. 
SN Goel: 
Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to the earnings call for quarter four and fiscal year 
2022. I hope everyone continues to be safe and healthy. Joining me today are Mr. Vineet 
Harlalka, Mr. Rohit Bajaj, Mr. Amit Kumar, Mr. Sangh Gautam, Mr. Samir Prakash, Ms. 
Shruti Bhatia and Mr. Archit Gupta. 
Friends, the COVID-19 pandemic induced slowdown is now behind us. The Indian economy is 
gradually regaining the growth momentum and is now poised as one of the most promising 
growth economies in the world.  
For IEX, the fiscal year 2022 holds special significance since we achieved all-time high 
volume of 102 billion units, achieving a growth of 37% on a year-on-year basis. 
As per recent government data, during the third quarter of fiscal year 2022, India's Index of 
Industrial Production edged up to 1.7% in February from 1.5% in January 2022. Cumulatively, 
for the fiscal year 2022, we expect India to achieve robust GDP growth of 8.9%. The increase 
in industrial and economic activity has direct correlation with demand for electricity. 
In the fiscal year 2022, the national peak demand for electricity increased to 201 GW seeing a 
6% YoY growth, while electricity consumption increased to 1,370 BU seeing about 7.8% YoY 
growth.  
As on 31st March 2022, the total installed generation capacity reached 399 GW. The 
renewable capacity at 157 GW is approximately 39% of installed capacity. The growing 
contribution of renewal energy is aligned to India's voluntary commitment of 500 GW from 
renewables by 2030, made by our Honorable Prime Minister at COP26 Summit held in 
November '21 at Glasgow. 
The power policy and regulatory paradigm has been undergoing significant transformations to 
align to the aspirations of building a sustainable and efficient energy future.  
Several policies and regulations took place during the 4th quarter of fiscal year and most of 
these developments are conducive to further growth and development of the power market. 
The most significant policies and regulations initiatives in the quarter being: 
1. 
The CERC Ancillary Services Regulations 2022 which includes the Secondary Reserve 
Ancillary Services along with the Exchange based Tertiary Reserve Ancillary Services 
aiming to maintain the grid frequency stability close to 50 Hz, besides increasing 
reliability. 
2. 
CERC has now also issued draft REC Regulations redefining the process of issuance 
including accreditation, issuance, exchange, redemption. The draft regulation also 
proposes inclusion of other non-conventional technologies such as offshore wind, hydro, 
municipal solid waste, biomass and biofuel in the REC certificate market.  

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
3. 
CERC has approved procedure related to implementation of National Open Access 
Registry which will enable automation, increase efficiency and transparency in market 
processes making them seamless, automate transmission allocation, thereby enabling 
greater efficiency in the power market. In fact, it is expected to be implemented from 30th 
April itself. 
4. 
CERC has issued Draft Connectivity and General Network Access Regulations 2022 
which will simplify as well as rationalize transmission allocation, transmission pricing 
and support strengthening and augmentation of transmission network. These regulations 
will further support growth of power market in the country. 
5. 
The Ministry of Power recently introduced the Green Hydrogen policy and guidelines for 
setting up EV charging stations. Both these initiatives are aimed at facilitating the energy 
transition.  
Continued thrust on distribution reforms amendments to the National Electricity Policy 2021, 
Green Open Access for consumers with contracted load of 100 KW and above, amendments to 
Deviation Settlement Mechanism regulations linking deviations to the price discovered at the 
Exchange platform are few of the significant policy and regulatory initiatives undertaken 
during the fiscal year 2022.  
We are keeping a close watch on the policy and regulatory developments, assessing their 
impact as well as the new opportunities that these developments will unfold. 
During the fourth quarter of the fiscal year 2022, IEX achieved 27.032 BU of volume, 
comprising of 23.659 BU in conventional power market, 1.123 BU in Green Markets and 
22.49 lakh certificates in the REC segments, which is equivalent to 2.249 BU. We achieved 
21% YoY volume growth across all market segments during the quarter. The growth in 
conventional power market was driven by increase in electricity consumption in states such as 
Maharashtra, Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Punjab. 
Cumulatively, in the fiscal year 2022, 102 BU volume comprising of 90.6 BU in conventional 
electricity market, about 5 BU in Green Market and about 6.4 BU in the certificate market. 
Further, the new segments such as RTM, GDAM, GTAM, played a pivotal role in accelerating 
volume growth and contributed 24% to the total volume.  
1. 
The conventional electricity volume - the day-ahead, term-ahead, and real-time markets, 
achieved 90.618 BU volume and saw 24% YoY cumulative growth. 
a. 
In the Cross Border Electricity Market, which is a part of conventional Day-Ahead 
power market, we achieved about 1.05 BU volume.  
b. 
Both Nepal and Bhutan have been participating actively on the sell-side as well as the 
buy-side. We are consistently in touch with stakeholders in Bangladesh and are 
positive that they would also join the market shortly. We are thus working towards 
building an integrated South Asian power market.  
2. 
The Green Market comprising of Green Day-Ahead and the Term-Ahead segments 
achieved 4.945 BU which is 5 times increase over the last year.  
3. 
The Renewable Energy certificate market achieved a volume of 60.78 lakh certificates 
equivalent to 6.078 BU. The Energy Saving Certificates Market achieved a cumulative 
trade of 2.86 lakh ESCERTs, equivalent to 286 MU.  
With customer centricity at the core, at IEX our endeavor always has been to advance and 
strengthen Exchange technology and introduce innovative products and services to provide the 
best-in-class experience to our customers. We launched the web platform to provide digital on-
boarding experience, anytime anywhere easy and secure access to the trading system, and also 
market data insights for our customers. To make the bidding experience seamless with zero 
manual effort, we launched automated bidding through Application Programming Interface 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
(API) for the Real-Time Market products. We soon plan to commence API-based automated 
bidding for DAM, GDAM and REC segments. API has also been launched for the market data 
to enable the market participants to automatically fetch data across the market segments. 
We have also provided bid creation tool to our customers to make it very easy and fast to 
create bulk bid details to upload on our exchange platform. Further, the Value-Added Services 
have been introduced for the renewable generators to facilitate generation forecasting solutions 
from the best-in-class service providers empaneled with IEX. 
Lastly, I am enthused to share with you that CNBC has recognized the outstanding leadership 
demonstrated by IEX during the challenging COVID times, as well as the positive and 
transformational effect we have been bringing to the power sector. Honorable Finance 
Minister, Smt. Nirmala Sitharamanji recently conferred the ‘Most Promising Company of the 
Year’ Award to IEX at the 17th Edition of India Business Leader Awards organized by the 
CNBC TV18 held on 1 April at Mumbai. 
I will now briefly touch upon developments regarding the gas market and IGX. The gas market 
saw significant traction in the fiscal year 2022. IGX has been growing from strength to 
strength since its inception and has been solidifying its performance by creating new records 
on the business front almost every month while also accelerating development of the gas 
market.  
IGX has achieved financial breakeven in the fiscal year with a profit after tax of almost about 
Rs 1.8 crore. 
During the fourth quarter of the fiscal year 2022, IGX achieved a total volume of 7 million 
MMBtu (71,41,000) as compared to 0.12 million MMBtu (1,17,600) in Q4FY21 
Cumulatively in the fiscal year 2022, IGX achieved a total volume of 12 million MMBtu 
(1,21,51,150) compared to 0.2 million MMBtu (1,93,700) in FY21. 
During the year, prominent leaders in the petro-chemical sector, such as BPCL, IOCL, IGL, 
ONGC, Adani Gas Private Limited among others joined IGX as members.  
I'm pleased to share with you that recently IGX also won the prestigious Diamond Award in 
the ‘Smart Start-up of the Year’ category at the 6th Edition of the India Smart Grid Forum 
2022. 
I will now come to the financial and business performance of the fourth quarter and the fiscal 
year 2022.  
On a standalone basis, revenue for the fourth quarter of the fiscal year 2022 increased to Rs 
128 crore witnessing a growth of 25% YoY. The PAT grew by 27% YoY with a margin of 
63%.  
Revenue for the fiscal year 2022 increased to Rs 478 crore witnessing a growth of 34% YoY. 
The PAT was Rs 2.5 crore, which grew by 42% YoY with a margin of 63%. The company 
declared a final dividend up Re 1 equivalent to 100% of the face value of equity shares, taking 
total dividend payout during the year to 200% of the face value of equity share. 
The key highlights of the fiscal year 2022 included: 
1. 
90.618 BU volume in the conventional markets, achieving a growth of 24% YoY 
2. 
4.945 BU volume in the Green Markets achieving 530% volume growth YoY 
3. 
63.64 lakh certificates constituting, 60.78 lakh REC certificates and 2.86 lakh Energy 
Savings Certificates 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
We are working towards introducing long duration contracts in both electricity and renewable 
energy by the end of first quarter 2023. We are also working to commence other new market 
segments such as Ancillary Markets, Capacity Markets, Gross Bidding Contracts, National 
Open Access Registry etc. and remain optimistic about commencing this in this fiscal year 
itself. In February'22, CERC also approved introduction of hydro power contracts at IEX 
which will enable obligated entities to comply with their Hydropower Purchase Obligation. 
In our quest to consistently advance customer-centricity, we will be shortly launching web-
based bidding platform to enable our market participants experience Anytime Anywhere Easy 
and Secure bidding on our platform. Further, we also aim to provide advanced data analytics as 
well as new technologies such as Robotic Process Automation to eliminate human dependency 
in our processes. These initiatives would allow us to focus on introduction of new products and 
services we should build to enable our market participants derive greater value through 
Exchange platform.  
Besides strengthening the core business through new products, we are continuously assessing 
adjacent business opportunities to further diversify our business. 
With that, I shall conclude by thanking all of you. We will now commence with the question-
and-answer session. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session, The first question 
is from the line of Mohit Kumar from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Yes. Good afternoon, sir. Congratulations on a very, very good quarter and a fantastic year. So, 
my first question is, sir, it has been a story of contrast, especially the April month you see 
strong demand in India, in the country. But at the same time, our volume is suffering because 
of price cap. Also, the shift to TAM and GTAM is causing loss to volume for us. How do you 
see it going forward? 
SN Goel: 
Yes, Mohit. Thank you for congratulating us on the performance. And as far as the demand 
scenario is concerned, in fact, increase in demand in the month of April is as high as 11% to 
12%, mainly because of increase in the level of economic activity and early onset of summer. 
We did not expect summer to be so severe in the first week or second week of April. And the 
demand has increased by 11 - 12%. At the same time the imported coal prices along with 
imported gas and LNG price are very high. From what I understand that the cost of generation 
on the imported coal is about Rs 9 - 10. On the gas, it is + Rs 25. So, generation on this 
imported fuel is less by almost about 9,000 - 10,000 MW. 
Because of this, I think there is a gap between supply and demand, and this resulted in an 
increase in the price on the exchange platform. Prices increased to almost about Rs 18 - 19, in 
many of the time blocks the price was Rs 20. When the regulator and the government analyzed 
that even when the price is Rs 20, gas-based generation is not increasing, and generators are 
not selling on the exchange platform. It is only the imported coal with the variable cost of Rs 9 
- 10. Because of this increase in demand the prices increased. To avoid that high price in the 
market, they capped the price. The capping of the price in the efficient market led to no price 
discovery on the exchange platform. And this has led to buyers shifting on the alternate 
platforms. This is something which has happened now, but I believe this is a phenomenon, for 
a short period. In the month of May, particularly after 10th of May, the wind generation starts 
increasing and we are expecting almost about 150 - 200 MU additional generation from wind. 
The hydro generation will also start increasing, and I'm sure in the month of May, you will see 
the situation improving and price discovery happening again on the exchange platform. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Thanks for the detailed answer. Sir, my second question is on the Gas Exchange revenue 
which you have booked in the quarter. That number is Rs 28 lakhs, that number seems to be 
slightly on the lower side, can you confirm the transaction fees which you have earned from 
the Gas Exchange during the quarter? 
Vineet Harlalka: 
Yes. Just a minute, Mohit. Yes, for the quarter, the transaction fees was Rs 5.6 crore. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Okay. Because the segmental source of Rs 28 lakh, that's the reason I am asking. 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Vineet Harlalka: 
Yes, the reason being because IGX ceased to be a subsidiary company effective from the mid 
of January. So, the consolidation number is of till date and post that being an associate 
company, the numbers are not consolidated. And the majority of the volume started picking up 
from then, so that's why the number doesn't match. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood, sir. Thank you, sir, and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharani Vijayakumar from Spark Capital. 
Please, go ahead. 
Bharanidhar Vijayakumar: Yes, good afternoon, sir.  
SN Goel: 
Yes. Good afternoon. 
Bharanidhar Vijayakumar: Yes. So, of the new products that we are planning to initiate in this FY'23 like National Open 
Access Registry Product, Ancillary Markets, Gross Bidding Contracts, etc. Could you 
individually highlight the potential in say BU overall? And also color on what is the purpose 
these products will solve for the buyer, like what is the need that it will serve? 
SN Goel: 
Yes. One is the long duration contracts. Today on exchange platform, we can launch only 
products for delivery up to 11 days. It was because of the reason, that in the earlier SEBI 
regulation there was a provision that our contracts cannot be launched on the spot exchanges. 
But that issue has been resolved now by the order of the Supreme Court and now delivery 
contracts will be regulated by CERC and derivatives by the SEBI. We have applied to CERC 
for approval of long duration contracts for delivery up to 365 days. Hearing was held, public 
consultation was done and now order is reserved. We are expecting order shortly from the 
regulator approving this long duration contract. 
Now we will be able to offer to the market participants delivery contracts up to 365 days. With 
this, we will be able to get a good share out of the bilateral market and volume happening in 
the bilateral market is about 50 - 60 BU. So that is the market size, and we want to get into this 
market. On Ancillary Market, regulator has notified the Tertiary Ancillary Services under the 
Ancillary Services through the exchange. The Exchange will be inviting bids from the market 
participants who wants to participate in this market and then we will give this detail to the 
system operator for inviting the generation from them based on their merit order. So that 
market will be structured by the regulator as and when they notify the date of adjudication of 
that. As per regulations the date of starting is yet to be notified. 
For the Gross Bidding, we have applied to the regulator for approval. This is a very innovative 
product, I'm sure you have heard about MBED, a concept which Government of India 
introduced to have the entire generation of the country sold through the exchange platform. 
And since it was mandatory, there was lot of observations, lot of resistance by many of the 
market participants, many of the state distribution company and states. So, we introduced 
Gross Bidding, which is a sort of voluntary MBED. It is up to the state to participate in this 
market. And if they participate in this, they will be able to make some significant gain out of it 
by efficiently selling and purchasing their power. 
We have, these kinds of products operational in couple of exchanges in other parts of the 
world, Nordpool and Japan Power Exchange based Gross Bidding concept is working very 
efficiently. We are also talking to the states during the policy advocacy, explaining them how 
they can benefit out of it, so that when this product gets approved by CERC, we can launch 
this, and we can get good participation. CERC is yet to approve this. I think they are looking 
for more public discussions and comments on this. 
And fourth one was the National Open Access Registry. National Open Access Registry is not 
a new product, it is basically optimization of the entire Open Access process. Today for the 
Open Access, application has to be made in the SLDC, RLDC and NLDC, we have to do the 
process manually and give Open Access. And particularly at the state level, there are lot of 
problems in this. Now with the National Open Access Registry everything will be automated. 
This will streamline the process, so I'm sure this will also further give a boost to the spot 
market. 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
It is difficult to identify the potential opportunity through this NOAR, but then this will 
smoothen the process. Not only these new products, but whatever products we launched in the 
year 2021, I think lot needs to be done in this year to get participation in these markets, like 
Green Market which we started last year, in this market, we have done a volume of almost 
about 5 BU. But I think there is a large opportunity, we are interacting with many IPPs, many 
many public sector companies who are in the green generation space and discussing with them 
that there is good opportunity for them to set up renewable energy through the market-based 
instruments. And we are also getting favorable response from them. In fact, the policy makers 
and regulators are also quite open to this idea. So, I'm sure with all these initiatives it will be 
possible to maintain the growth momentum. 
Bharanidhar Vijayakumar: Yes. Thanks for that. My second question is on the MBED, can you give us update on when is 
this likely to, say commence, when CERC is likely to come up with final guidelines on this. 
How much of volumes we can expect this year and what could be the transaction fee on these 
volumes? 
SN Goel:                                 MBED, you said? 
Bharanidhar Vijayakumar: yes. MBED, yes. 
SN Goel: 
I think we should stop discussing about MBED now. Nothing is happening in MBED. That's 
the only thing I can say. Ministry of Power has issued a small document to CERC for further 
taking action and CERC is not taking any action on that. 
Bharanidhar Vijayakumar: Understood, sir. Loud and clear. Thank you so much, yes. 
SN Goel: 
Yes. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. Please, go 
ahead. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Thanks. My first question is, could you comment on the CERC, order dated 25 April and the 
potential implications for transaction fee across contracts. Also, we understand that your 
competition might already be offering rebates and incentives on transaction fee, what is your 
business strategy in this regard? 
SN Goel: 
Yes. First, when we filed our petition with CERC in the month of January, that petition had 
many items in that, and there were many compliances with respect to the PMR, we wanted to 
inform them to CERC and another set of approvals in the rules and business laws and also 
approval of the transaction fees. For other activities, no public consultation was required and 
CERC has approved all of them. And on the transaction fees CERC said that you file a 
separate application, and we will deal with that. Same thing we have done for the other 
exchanges also, so they will deal with this transaction fees for all the three exchanges, I mean, 
for the two operating exchanges and the third exchange who wants to start their business, they 
have also applied for the transaction fees. So, they will deal with the connection fees for all the 
three exchanges together and I’m reasonably sure to get approval of the fees as specified by 
CERC in the regulation, which is 2 paise on either side, they themselves expect the regulation 
and that has been the industry practice from the last 11 years. So, I don't see any challenge in 
that. In fact, CERC has approved a trading margin of 7 paisa for the traders. So, value provided 
by the exchange and that process is much higher than what a trader is doing. If 7 paise is 
approved for the traders I'm sure for the power exchanges 2 paisa on either side is reasonable. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Sure. My second question is, could you also speak about the likely volumes expected in REC 
and Energy Saving Certificate in FY'23 and could you comment on your market share in the 
last fiscal and even data for it might have come? 
SN Goel: 
This year we did up almost about 60 lakh certificates, and I am sure in '23, the number should 
be higher than this. But again, very difficult to say because transactions in REC market is 
dependent on participation of the states because of their financial condition. We don't know to 
what extent it would happen, but despite of these difficult conditions, still we are reasonably 
confident that almost about 80 lakhs to 90 lakh of REC Certificate transactions should happen. 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay. 80 lakhs to 90 lakh is for the market? 
SN Goel: 
No, for IEX. 
Sumit Kishore: 
For IEX. Okay. So just to understand this sector. I mean, in FY'22 for the period REC is 
traded, what was your market share. What is the market share of IEX? 
SN Goel: 
It was 75% plus for IEX. 
Sumit Kishore: 
75%. Okay. And last question, is there any update on when HPX is likely planning to 
commence its operation as an exchange? 
SN Goel: 
I think you should be in a better position in that. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay. sir, we will leave that. Thank you. 
SN Goel: 
Tell me if you have any comments on that. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Sure. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Thanvi from Banyan Tree Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
All right. Thank you for the opportunity. So, I had two questions, one was on the dividend 
payout policy, looking at our balance sheet, we have got lot of cash now, but dividend payout 
continues to be the same, the way it was last year. Any thoughts on how dividend policy 
payout would be going ahead? And second was on, if you look at our volumes now, and that 
is, ex-REC given the higher base fees, we are de growing on the minimum basis, because of 
the high base. How do we look at volumes from here on, with of course you've talked about a 
lot of products that are expected to come, but those could be filled in next 2 to 3 years, like 
next 1.5 year, 2 year, how do we look at the volumes like, will it be a decline first and then you 
know a rise in the volume post new products are launched and they gain the scale? 
SN Goel: 
Helped it, number one is, dividend. We paid this year Re 1 dividend which is 100% of the face 
value in the month of January. And now we have declared another Re 1 that makes it almost 
about the dividend outgo of Rs 180 crore, which is 60%. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
No, what I meant was as a percentage of the net profit right, the payout ratio? 
SN Goel: 
So, it is 60% of the net profit, that is one. As I mentioned in the past also, our dividend policy 
is that at least 50% of the profit will be distributed in the form of dividend. So, we have given 
this year 60% of the profit in the form of dividend. 
Second question is about the volume projection for this year. And particularly because of the 
high base, which because of the large growth, which we have achieved in the last two years. 
You know, our market share out of the total generation today is only about 7%. And 
Government of India vision is to take this short-term market to 25% in the next 3, 4 years. And 
there is a purpose behind this reason, if we are going to add large renewable generation 
capacity in the country, integration of that with the grid will require a very, very liquid market. 
So that if there is any variation the utility spends purchase power to the market to make good 
the variation. And real-time market was also introduced keeping all this in queue. But there are 
many policies and regulatory initiatives, which have been taken to deepen the market. So, I 
believe the opportunity size is much larger, base is definitely high, and to achieve growth of 
35-40% is definitely going to be difficult, but I'm sure a reasonable growth of 20-25% should 
be possible to achieve. But that all depends on the market conditions, I mean our USP has been 
creating efficiency in the market and efficient competitive price discovery, so that market 
participants can get benefit out of that. The shortage scenario is not conducive for the market, 
so if your power supply shortage scenario continues for a long time, it may have adverse 
impact on our volumes. 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure. Got your point. makes sense. Thank you so much and all the very best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankush Agarwal from Surge Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
Sir, again on this CERC order of limiting or restricting the prices. Sir, what kind of discussions 
did we have before this order was implemented and after this has been implemented in terms 
of, would it be a long-term solution that we're in for permanently the prices would be capped at 
Rs 12 or it's kind of a short-term tenor on something, some kind of communication that you 
have received from CRC? 
SN Goel: 
No. We did not have any interaction for capping the price, we interacted with CERC, they 
wanted to understand what is happening in the market, why the prices have increased. But 
what I understand that there was a direction from Government of India under Section 107 to 
review the market situation and cap the price. And as per that direction, CERC has capped the 
price at Rs12. This capping is basically what we understand is just for this interim period when 
the deficit is there and as soon as situation this improves, the capping will be removed. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
So, what you're saying basically you know, is that the exchanges are not consulted before this 
order came? 
SN Goel: 
Yes. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
So, sir, in the long-term, don't you think this is a detriment to your business model, because 
every time power generation increases, obviously the prices is going to go high, right? And 
then the prices are going to be artificially capped, which reduces the transition on the 
exchange. So practically the exchange won't benefit from growth in power demand as such if 
there is like in the short-term party want increases, it's actually not beneficial, it's actually 
detrimental to our business. So, you know any kind of conversation that you think you need to 
have with the regulator in terms of this? 
SN Goel: 
Now, see the power demand increase is definitely good for the sector. It is a good economic 
indicator, but at the same time, we have to ensure commensurate increases in the supply of 
power. Unfortunately, in the month of April, the demand increase was at a very high level 11-
12%, and supply commensurate play is not available. And I tell you this is a phenomenon, 
which is not only in India, but this is also a global phenomenon. In France, the prices of 
EUR30 per megawatt hour, which is about INR30 a unit is very common on the exchange 
platform, which they had never heard off. So, commodity prices have increased, input costs 
have increased, electricity cost has increased. I think this is a phenomenon, which is for a short 
period and pressing actions already are being taken, Government of India has already advised 
all the states and the Central PSUs to import coal. So that they can supplement the generation 
by another 4 - 5% and if we can have another 4 - 5% of generation, that's all, that is what is 
needed to bring enough liquidity in the market. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
Okay, Good. Just another bookkeeping question. So, for the full quarter you said IGX achieved 
Rs 5.6 crore of revenue. Can you tell me the EBITDA as well for the quarter?  
SN Goel: 
Yes, I will request Mr. Vineet Harlalka. 
Vineet Harlalka: 
The EBITDA level, if you look at the absolute number, was approximately Rs 1.5 crore. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
Rs 1.5 crore, this is against Rs 1.14 crore in Q3, is that right? 
Vineet Harlalka: 
Yes, now it's Rs 1.8 crore. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
Rs 1.8 crore. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil: 
Hello. Thank you for the opportunity, sir, are you able to hear me? 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
SN Goel: 
Yes, I can hear you. 
Moderator:  
We can hear you. 
Nikhil: 
Sir, I've got two questions. So how much was the Open Access volume as a percentage in 
FY'22, and how do we think it will go in FY'23? 
SN Goel: 
See the Open Access this year our clearing price was Rs 4.40. It is a very high increase in the 
clearing price. And at this kind of price viability of Open Access is very lowering in most of 
the states. That is why our Open Access volume has reduced to almost about 8% of the total 
volume of what we have achieved. So, there is a fall in that and in FY'23, again, it depends on 
the clearing price, if our clearing price is in the range of Rs 3.2 to Rs 3.5 per unit. I'm sure that 
volume will increase, but it all depends on supply situation improvement. 
Nikhil: 
Okay, understood. And the second question, there is a talk of unified carbon trading market. 
So, is there any chance our company will play any role in it? Have you heard of anything? 
SN Goel: 
Yes, yes. We are fully aware about it. We are in fact interacting with BEE, Bureau of Energy 
Efficiency, along with the Ministry of Environment and Ministry of Power, we are working on 
this initiative. We want to launch this, and they want to merge this, EScerts and REC's and 
they will have some multiplication factor to convert them into carbon credits and do the 
trading of that and subsequently more products will get added into this base. 
Nikhil: 
Understood, sir. And sir, just one last question. There was some increased in cash from Rs 46 
odd crore to Rs 225 crore. So any specific reason for it? 
Vineet Harlalka: 
Look basically it's the year-end and we need to have liquidity. If you look at the year-end, the 
banking holidays, so we need to maintain the surplus fund to meet our payout obligation. 
That’s why surplus fund was kept, because of the higher prices and the volatility in the prices, 
so you need to have a liquidity to meet out your payout obligations, and considering the bank 
holiday, we need to keep that liquidity reserve. 
Nikhil: 
Understood, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Swarnim Maheshwari from Edelweiss 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Swarnim Maheshwari:       Yes. Hello, sir. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for a good set of numbers. Sir, 
the first question is, what is really calling the delay in LDC, because I believe it was well 
established from the apex court almost about quarter-and-a-half back and the CERC was 
already studying it very closely. So, what is leading to the delay in the launch of LDC? 
SN Goel: 
One is the regulatory process of admitting the petition inviting public comments during 
hearing. And in this case since it is a new product which they want to launch, they wanted to 
understand the implication of and understand the product detail. So, I think that process is over 
now, already reserved. So, we should get order in this month itself, maybe in this month or the 
month of May. 
Swarnim Maheshwari:        Okay, so what time will it take to officially launch it from the day of getting the order? 
SN Goel: 
We're ready launch it, any time we get the order, we will launch it. 
Swarnim Maheshwari:         Okay. So, then I think it's a high chance that you may launch it in May or June it seems. 
SN Goel: 
Yes. yes. 
Swarnim Maheshwari:     Okay. Sir, my second question is don't you think that there is a case that, you know it's 
established fact that in the month of October and again in the month of April or May, there 
always this demand-supply issues some sort of mismatch, the merchant prices go through roof 
and discoms, had to ultimately pay very high price to get the things and specifically when the 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
international coal prices are very high. Do you think that this can revise the medium-term PPA 
sentiment in the country? 
SN Goel: 
The thought is if this kind of situation continues for a long time say may be 6 months, 1 year. 
Then yes, there will be tendency on the part of the buyers to secure some contracts, but I don't 
think, I mean, October was for 15 days after the second fortnight of October things were very 
normal there, price discovery was happening, prices also came down. I'm sure this time also it 
is for the month of April and maybe for 10 days of May after that the situation will be again 
normal. I mean market development can take place only when we have sufficient liquidity in 
the market. I don't think any market can develop under deficit. So if deficit continues for 2, 3 
years, yes, there will be definitely tendency on the part of discoms to buy and that was the case 
prior to 2010- 2011, a lot many PPAs were signed because there was deficit of power in 
country and I'm sure, looking at the kind of capacity that we have, the situation, deficit in the 
business is not going to continue for a long time and we should have good liquidity on the sell 
side. 
Swarnim Maheshwari:        Okay. So, no threat to the merchant capacity as per you? 
SN Goel: 
Pardon? 
Swarnim Maheshwari:        So as per you know threat to the merchant capacity that we have in the country? 
SN Goel: 
No, I don't see that. 
Swarnim Maheshwari:     Okay, got it. Sir, one final question. Now with the new exchanges coming and the existing 
exchange getting more aggressive in terms of market share and all. How do you respond if 
they were to reduce their transaction fees, I mean, will you respond equally or you will let the 
market share actually go away, I mean if you can go 10% back, your thoughts on that? 
SN Goel: 
See, we are operating in this market from the last 14 years, and from the last 14 years there are 
two exchanges. If reduction in the transaction fees can help in getting the market share, I'm 
sure exchanges would have tried that, but I don't think that can happen. Market share is 
dependent on the value which you provide to the market participants. The liquidity which you 
have on the platform, it is basically a function of that. For a generator who is selling power, it 
is important to sell that power, if the power is not sold, he loses the opportunity, and he loses 
the opportunity forever, for him getting that revenue for Rs 4 is more important than 2 paisa 
transaction fees. And same is the case with discoms. So, I think transaction fees is a very 
insignificant component in that whole process of sale and purchase of power. We don't see any 
challenge because of this, and we don't want to enter into this game. 
Swarnim Maheshwari:        Got it, sir. But sir, what if it is actually more regulatory induced say if CERC, you guys have to 
respond within 15 days, and if CERC takes a case that Rs 0.02, although PMR guidelines and 
all is there, but then you still have to respond to that transaction fees thing which came on 25th  
of April. So, if CERC was to induce it, then that will be for all the exchanges, but can it happen 
that you can be charged different transaction fees for different products, is that a possibility, 
sir? 
SN Goel: 
First of all, different transaction fees for different exchanges means if you reduce my 
transaction fees then you were asking other exchanges to close down. 
Swarnim Maheshwari:         No, sir. Not different exchanges, different transaction fees for different products. 
SN Goel: 
Yes, different, I mean all products are of similar nature, whether it is Day-Ahead market or 
TAM market or Green market, they're all same electricity transactions. So, I don't think that 
kind of a view will be taken. And as far as approval of transaction fees by CERC is concerned, 
as I explained earlier also, I don't see any challenge in that, because the regulators themselves 
very recently about a year back have approved trading margin Rs 0.07 for the trading 
companies and looking at the values the Exchange provides, they themselves have maintained 
the regulations Rs 0.02 on either side and I'm sure when regulatory maintaining the regulation 
Rs0.02 on either side, They must have applied their mind before maintaining that. So, I'm very 
comfortable in getting this approval. 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Swarnim Maheshwari:        Got it. Sir, thank you so much and wish you all the best. 
SN Goel: 
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Chedi from InCred Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Chheda: 
Hello. 
SN Goel: 
Yes. 
Aditya Chheda: 
Can you comment on the change in trade payables and trade receivables, which is payables of 
Rs 635 crore and this year this was at Rs 87 crore, what is the reason? 
Vineet Harlalka: 
Higher volume and the higher prices. As you know, the higher the electricity has been trading 
at almost Rs 14 - 15. So, this has resulted in a significant increase in the payable amount. So, 
this is general temporary phenomena because of the market sentiments, nothing different. as 
and when the electricity prices get normalized it will again settle down at the lower rate. 
Aditya Chheda: 
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pavan Kumar from RatnaTraya Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Pavan Kumar: 
Sir, I wanted to understand, suppose in a situation like that happened in April, where certain 
discoms let's say Andhra Pradesh needed certain power and if any private player also wanted 
power and he was, I mean, bidding for the same power, so from the same state, is it like the 
discom has to purchase the power and then distribute it to the private player or the private 
player himself can directly access the exchange? 
SN Goel: 
The question is not clear. Which private players you were talking about? 
Pavan Kumar: 
Industrial players, because I am assuming discoms are directly dealing with both the 
commercial and industrial purposes, but if a private player directly wanted, and industry who 
was facing some sort of shortage of power and wanted access to the additional power, can it 
get it from the exchange directly without going to the discoms 
SN Goel: 
Provision is like this. These industrial and commercial consumers are the consumers of 
distribution company, they have taken connection from distribution company, they are paying 
demand charge to distribution companies. 
Pavan Kumar: 
Okay. 
SN Goel: 
Now, if these industrial consumers wants to avail power from the outside, if they're able to 
avail power from the outside at a rate lower than what distribution company is charging them, 
through Open Access Regulations and Open Access Charges then they can do so, there is a lot 
for them under the act, and if they are not able to do that, then distribution company is obliged 
to supply them the power at that distribution tariff. 
Pavan Kumar: 
Okay. But in the case distribution company is not able to supply the power, the other route for 
them to meet the demand, is it through the exchange or they have to get into bilateral 
contracts? 
SN Goel: 
No. In that case, they can buy from the exchange. But the point is, if there is enough power 
available in the market then distribution company will be most happy to purchase power and 
supply power, because these industrial consumers are their paying customers, there'll be happy 
to supply them power. So that kind of a situation, when Distribution Company is not able to 
supply them will happen only when there is shortage of power in the country. 
Pavan Kumar: 
Okay. And in that case, actually even exchanges face the same issue? 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
SN Goel: 
Yes, yes. You're right. 
Pavan Kumar: 
Okay, thank you, sir. That was all. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Yadav from Transient Capital. Please, 
go ahead. 
Aditya Yadav: 
yes. Hi, sir. Good afternoon to the management team. Sir, firstly, my question was regarding 
the long duration contracts. So, for the long duration contracts to be launched, is it necessary 
that the derivative should be launched before that? So that the players have more of a comfort 
entering into longer contract? 
SN Goel: 
No. There is no such inter-work, both are independent activities and derivatives are to be 
approved by SEBI and long duration contracts are to be approved by CERC 
Aditya Yadav: 
No, sir. I wasn't asking from the regulatory perspective. I was wondering from the participants 
perspective; do you feel that they will feel more comfortable if they have like the derivatives 
have also come online and they can hedge their position. So, they might be more comfortable 
with a longer duration contract and that might act as an impetus for you as well or do you feel 
confident, it's okay to go ahead with the longer duration contracts without the derivatives? 
SN Goel: 
yes, I don't see any issue in that, I mean going ahead with long duration contracts with our 
launch of derivatives can happen, because already there is bilateral transactions happening in 
the market. 
Aditya Yadav: 
True, true. 
SN Goel: 
And it's also typically shifting those bilateral transactions on the exchange platform, so I don't 
see an issue in that. 
Aditya Yadav: 
Okay. 
SN Goel: 
Launch of derivatives will basically bring more liquidity in the market and reduce price 
volatility, and there are hedging options available to the market participants. So that will 
further deepen the market. 
Aditya Yadav: 
Sure, sure, and as you had mentioned before that anyways is a large market where you said the 
bilateral long contracts are around 50 - 60 BU, if I got it right? 
SN Goel: 
Yes, yes. 
Aditya Yadav: 
Okay, okay. Sir, my next question was regarding the developments on the Gas Exchange 
Business, where you have discussed couple of quarters back, there were certain impediments 
in terminals, certain GST issues and a couple of other structural issues, which are there before 
the Gas Market can be in a fully-fledged mode. So, if you can give further updates on that, so 
how have we come forward in last 12 months, 15 months or so? 
SN Goel: 
I mean, most of the impediments. 
Aditya Yadav: 
And what are your expectations for the coming 12, 15, 18 months in the Gas business? 
SN Goel: 
Yes. I mean most of the issues are persisting from GST perspective, there are different type of 
taxes which are being charged by the different states and we are not able to launch a uniform 
contract across the states that is one issue. Second is the system operator, yes, there is a 
positive development on that and Ministry has decided that they will create a system operator 
in the gas sector and that is going to start very soon. On rationalization of transporter tariff, the 
regulatory PNGRB has initiated process on that it will take some time. The biggest problem, 
what we are facing in the gas market today is very high gas price. And unfortunately, the 
prices are so high that they are unaffordable for the Indian consumers. And the gas price which 
used to be $5-6 are today more than $30. So because of that also, Gas Exchange volumes are 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
impacted, but I'm sure these gas prices which are very high today in the coming days, the 
prices should come down, and even if they come down to a range of $10 - 12 also will lead to 
good transactions on the IGX platform. 
Aditya Yadav: 
But the end usage of the gas continues no sir, the city gas distribution and other end usage 
continues although the high prices are there, so I mean yes, we are in a nascent stage and the 
business is developing, but the ecosystem is running apart from the power part, I agree where 
you said the cost was too high for the power generators from the gas fuel. 
SN Goel: 
The gas distribution is getting gas out of the government produced gas, which is the 
administered price gas. The gas which was given to the power sector is now getting diverted to 
the city gas distribution system. And industries, they are forced to buy gas at high price, but 
many of the industries are now switching over to other fuel options, there was a time when 
using NAFTA was almost 30% costlier than using gas. Today, using gas is 30% costlier than 
NAFTA. 
Aditya Yadav: 
Okay. 
SN Goel: 
So, I think economics has changed, but gas price coming down to $10 - 12 will again change 
the whole economics and industries will shift to the gas and gas will become affordable at that 
price. 
Aditya Yadav: 
Okay. So, and the other issues also you mentioned like in coming quarters, let's say, we should 
expect more rationalization  
SN Goel: 
Yes, I mean government is also committed to increase consumption of gas in the country. 
Today, gas consumption is 6% of the energy bucket and in the developed countries that share 
of gas is almost about 25 - 30%. Government has decided to increase gas share to almost about 
15% by 2030. If government wants to do that, government will have to create a vibrant market 
in the country. And that can happen only when all these issues which we discussed are 
removed, I mean, GST is something which is necessary. If you don't have a uniform price 
across the country, then how buyer and seller will know what kind of costing they're going to 
have. 
Aditya Yadav: 
Sure. Okay. Sir, my last question is regarding the pricing we charged on the transactions. Can 
you help us understand the regulator's rational behind traders getting a Rs 0.07 price and 
whereas exchanges are capped at a much lower price per unit? 
SN Goel: 
No. If you look at that 2010 regulations for trading margin, there was a provision of Rs0.07 if 
the rate is more than Rs 3 and Rs 0.04 if the rate is less than Rs 3. Since the power rate has 
increased to more than Rs 3 rupees regulators feels that the second option is redundant now. 
So, they have made it Rs 0.07, very simple. In case of exchanges, they feel that this is a 
technology platform driven process, and exchanges are charging Rs 0.02 on either side since 
last 11 years, so this a market accepted practice and specified to Rs 0.02 on either side. 
Aditya Yadav: 
And although there have been questions regarding the competition and the pricing and 
everything, and you provide much more value to the ecosystem. Are there possibilities that we 
could have an upward revision in exchange fees or is that very remote? 
SN Goel: 
Upward revision will take place only if we ask for it. We don't intend to. 
Aditya Yadav: 
You don't intend. 
SN Goel: 
Yes. 
Aditya Yadav: 
Okay, okay. Understood, sir. Thank you. 
SN Goel: 
Thank you. 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
April 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lokesh Setty, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Lokesh Setty: 
Hello, sir. Thank you for this opportunity and this happens to be my first question. So, thank 
you for the opportunity. I read sometime back in one of the interviews that there is a plan to 
launch an IPO for IGX. Do you think now is the right time or do you think that we should, I 
mean, the plan is to wait for things to get regularized in terms of GST and the other bottlenecks 
that we are facing with the Gas Exchange? 
SN Goel: 
I think you haven't read the fine print in that. What I said was that as per the PNGRB 
regulations, we will have to bring down our stake in IGX to 25% within 5 years of the issue of 
regulations. Our exchange got the PNGRB approval in the first week of December 2020 and 
by December 2025, we will have to bring it down to 25% and divest 25% equity. I mentioned 
that the best option to divest this equity is through the IPO process. 
Lokesh Setty: 
All right. 
SN Goel: 
So that means, we would like to hold the equity if we are allowed and whenever we have to 
divest it, we will explore this option of IPO. 
Lokesh Setty: 
All right sir. So, there is a possibility that you can explore the other routes also  
SN Goel: 
Depends on the market conditions, 3.5 years down the line, how can I say today what will be 
the best option, but as of now what we understand, what we see that the IPO is probably the 
best option. 
Lokesh Setty: 
Right sir. Yes, that was my only question. 
SN Goel: 
Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Sumit Kishore for closing comments. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Thanks a lot for your time and for giving Axis Capital the opportunity to host this call. Mr. 
Goel, would you have any closing comments? 
SN Goel: 
Yes. I would like to thank each one of you for being part of today's con call. There have been 
many significant developments in the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2022. However, there are 
few challenges too, especially the increasing energy prices, including the commodity prices 
driven by various factors including the global factors. We are working proactively to further 
develop and strengthen the recently launched market segments which have immense potential 
for growth. At IEX, we remain committed in doing our bit towards facilitating India building a 
sustainable and efficient energy future. Thank you. I look forward to our next interaction with 
you, till then take care and stay safe. Thank you very much. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited. That concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
