GIN: L65190MH2004GOl148838 
. 
. .: . 
. 
' 
. 
. : . ' 
' 
. . 
. . . . . . 
. 
. 
. 
. .  
. 
. . 
' . .
. . .. 
. 
. ' .· 
. . ..
I 3:mw  
: 3 ifcR,
.cpq;m, 
-400 005. 
 : (+91 22) 6655 3355, 2218 9111 
!: (+91 22) 2218 0411 
: www.idbi.com 
IDBI Bank Limited 
Regd. Office : IDBI Tower, 
WTC Complex, Cuffe Parade, 
Mumbai - 400 005. 
TEL.: (+91 22) 6655 3355, 2218 9111 
FAX: (+91 22) 2218 0411 
Website : www.idbi.com 
05N2022 
The Manager (Listing) 
BSELtd., 
The Manager (Listing) 
National Stock Exchange oflndia Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra( E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Transcript of Conference Call with Analyst 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed the transcript of the conference call with Analysts for Financial Results for 
Q4 for FY 2021-22 held on May 2, 2022. The Transcript has also been made 
available on the website of the Bank in the following Link: 
https://www.idbibank.in/transcripts-of-anal ystinvestorsconcall.aspx 
You are requested to kindly take the above intimation on record in terms of 
the aforesaid provisions of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
:l-lcllll, 
cfic=)' 3111S1"1.m$' fc4f.A?.s
(.. 
 
i')A'-
[-
,.,...!.j-f8-aITlR'.] 
ci,qafl- 

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“IDBI Bank Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Results Call” 
 
May 02, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MS. DIVYA PUROHIT – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAKESH SHARMA – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – IDBI BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. J. SAMUEL JOSEPH – DEPUTY MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – IDBI BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. SURESH KHATANHAR – DEPUTY MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – IDBI BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. P. SITARAM – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – IDBI BANK LIMITED 

 
 
  
IDBI Bank Limited 
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the IDBI Bank Q4 FY2022 results call 
hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Divya Purohit from ICICI Securities. 
Thank you and over to you Madam! 
Divya Purohit: 
Good evening and welcome everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome you all to 
IDBI Bank cumulative results call. Today from the management, we have with us Shri 
Rakesh Sharma, Managing Director and CEO, Shri J Samuel Joseph, Deputy Managing 
Director, Shri Suresh Khatanhar, Deputy Managing Director, Shri P. Sitaram, Executive 
Director, and Chief Financial Officer. Thank you and over to you Sir. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Thank you Madam and good evening ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the IDBI Bank 
Q4 financial year FY2022 and financial year ended March 31, 2022, conference call. I am 
Rakesh Sharma here. Just to begin with of course the detailed presentation will be made by 
our CFO Mr. Sitaram. Just want to say some few words. One is that the last two years was 
affected by COVID as all of us know and as far as IDBI Bank specifically is concerned 
from May 2017 it was placed under PCA and that PCA was lifted in March in 2021 so that 
way this last year was the first year when we were out of PCA and though the first half was 
affected by COVID also that is why performance was affected to some extent, but today 
when we are out of PCA and we are discussing about the financial results for FY2021-
FY2022, I am happy to say that the bank has achieved the turnaround and now the 
turnaround has really happened. During this four years period when we were under PCA, 
we have taken lot of measures both financial and nonfinancial. Non financial when I say as 
far as this organization restructuring, revision of all the policies, credit policies, risk 
management policies and strengthening the compliance part and strengthening other various 
measures, follow-up mechanism, collection, recoveries, EWS and all these things, which 
has helped us achieving the turnaround and which is reflected in the year ended results, 
which as I said detailed presentation will be made by CFO, but main factors I will like to 
invite your attention that the bank has achieved net profit for the continuous two years and 
during the current year the net profit has increased Y-o-Y 79% and the ROA we have been 
able to achieve 0.8% of ROA and 13.60% of ROE. The main issues during the last four 
years which we were facing was that our balance sheet was degrowing because we were 
under PCA, especially because of the corporate advances there was reduction in the 
advances level, though in retail we were growing at robust space, but the mid corporate and 
large corporate was showing a decline, but now for the first year we have been able to show 
growth in all the sectors, retail as well as corporate and the overall growth has been 14%. 
Retail has grown by 7.06% so that way the growth momentum has started.  

 
 
  
IDBI Bank Limited 
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Now our emphasis was also on reducing the cost of deposit and cost of funds because we 
knew that since our the advance side was not growing rather it was degrowing and as a 
result, it was affecting our aggregate interest income and due to the declining interest rates 
scenario also the overall aggregate income was affected, but we were able to reduce the cost 
of deposits substantially by increasing the low-cost deposits. The CASA deposits have 
increased to 56.77%, which is I think one of the highest in the industry and the cost of 
deposits also has declined to 3.56% so the save bank and CASA that current account both 
have shown growth of 14% both in percentage wise and amount wise there is increase. Net 
NPA which was around 17.30% as on September 30, 2018, it has come down to 1.27% and 
GNPA also which was 31% as on September 30, 2018, has come down to 19%. Of course I 
will agree that the GNPA level is high, but the main reason is that we have not been doing 
technically write off for the last three to four years because of some tax reasons. If we do 
the technical write off all our 100% provided accounts, my GNPA will also come down 
below 2%. The provision coverage ratio has increased to 97.63% and the capital adequacy 
also is quite robust at 19.06%. Tier one is 16.68%. If you see the last time when the LIC and 
Government of India they had given us capital in September 2019, so after September 2019 
now two and a half years except for that QIP of Rs.1435 Crores which we had raised in 
December 2020, after that we have not raised capital. So whatever the growth improvement 
in capital adequacy has happened it has happened through internal generation of resources. 
So we have been quite proactive in making the provisions. The CFO will explain that stress 
assets stabilization fund, which I have mentioned last year, we had made assessment that 
how much shortfall is expected to be and accordingly we had made a short provision of 
Rs.2000 Crores and I can mention that out of Rs.2000 Crores, 1700 provision was did when 
we were earning profits so otherwise the profit would have been higher by that amount, but 
now this quarter also, what we have done is that as a proactive measure, whatever is the 
balance securities that are remaining, those recoveries may happen. We have made the full 
provision. Although the time to SAFS is up to September 30, 2024, two more years are 
there, we have made full provision for this outstanding security and whatever recoveries 
happen in the next two years or if we decided to preclose the SAFS so that the recoveries 
will add to the bottom line so that way like the number one, proactive provisioning has been 
made. The balance sheet has been strengthened. Turnaround has happened and now since 
we have started growing also in the total revenue also you will start seeing the increase from 
this year onwards. So with that preliminary remarks I will hand it over to Mr. Sitaram, CFO 
who will give you the detailed presentation. Thank you. 
P. Sitaram: 
Good afternoon everyone. If we go to slide #5, the major highlights for the financial year. 
The profit after tax has improved by 79% to Rs.2439 Crores. Operating profit has increased 
by 7% to Rs.7495 Crores. NII has also improved by 7% to Rs.9162 Crores. NIM has 
improved by 35 basis points to 3.73 and if we exclude the impact of this interest on income 
tax defer the NIM stands at 3.59 for the year which is also a similar improvement in fact a 
bigger improvement of about 73 basis points over last year. The ROA has gone up to 0.84 

 
 
  
IDBI Bank Limited 
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 18 
and the ROE stands at 13.6. Overall the cost to income is at 45.89. This includes the impact 
of the entire ammonization that we have taken for family pension up to Rs.66 Crores. If we 
had restricted ourselves to only the period charge then it would have been lower to about 
43%. The capital adequacy is already mentioned is quite comfortable and RWA is 
controlled. In fact there is a marginal reduction. Overall it stands at about Rs.1,54,000 
Crores. Cost of deposit and cost of funds have improved not only in tune with the 
movement in the market interest rates, but also due to improvement in the composition of 
funds for us in terms of CASA. Within that both CARA have shown improvement. The 
CARA has dipped in between due to RBI mandated correction but after that again CARA 
has also started showing improvement and now SAS has also improved. Overall both in 
terms of amount and percentage it has reached to 56.77 and that is a growth of about 6.3% 
compared to last year. The retail corporate is steady at about 63:37. This is more or less 
where we had targeted it to be and going forward also we are looking at it more or less plus 
or minus a few basis points here and there it will be on this line. The net NPA has improved 
significantly to 1.27. GNPA without any technical write off has improved by about 3% to 
19% and PCR has further improved by 70 basis points to 97.63. 
 
Coming to the next slide so I think I have covered all this. As I mentioned the family 
pension effect if you remove then the cost to income would have been even lower than this 
however we were committed to RBI to maintain a cost to income below 50 and we are well 
within that. 
 
Now coming to slide #7 here again as I said net NPA, the GNPA and the PCR as already 
mentioned have shown significant improvement and capital has consolidated to 19%. There 
is a reduction in the RWA by about 185 basis points year-on-year. 
 
On the slide #10, we have a snapshot of the PL, the improvement if you compare March 
2021 to 2022 in the NII there is an improvement of 7%, the total income of about 6% and in 
the operating profit of about 7%. In these, if we exclude one offs that is Rs.1300 Crores 
interest on refund of income tax received in Q4 of last year and correspondingly Rs.350 
Crores in the Q3 of this year then the improvement is even better and NII has improved
by 22%. The net total income is 15% and operating profit has actually gone up by 25%. 
 
Now coming to the next one, a little more detail on the NII. One can see that year-on-year 
basis there is an improvement in the interest on advances however the interest on 
investments has come down. This is largely because we have capitalized on the interest rate 
in the Q1 and we have sold off to record our valuation gains and other interest income there 
is a reduction that is mainly because of the movement on the interest on refund of income 
tax. The interest expenses have moved in line with what I have said that is both in line with 
the market rate as also the change in composition of the liability profit. Overall the NIM 
percent which is with and without that effect of the interest on the IT refund, we have given 

 
 
  
IDBI Bank Limited 
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 18 
here. Whichever way you look at it there has been a meaningful improvement in the 
performance of the bank. 
 
So the next slide, it gives just a how the buildup has happened both for the PAT for the 
quarter as well as PAT for the full year. On the PAT for the full year, you can see that the 
NII there is a reduction in provisions and contingencies have been the major contributors to 
the 79% improvement in the PAT for the financial year. 
 
We come to slide number #12. This is the breakup for the other income. Again more or less 
in terms of commission fee and brokerage, we have maintained the trend of the last year and 
actually our entire post PCA activity commencing towards to the second half of the year we 
look forward that this contribution from the commission and the exchange and brokerage 
will come now not only from a growing retail, but also from enhanced activity on the 
corporate side. Profit on investment as I said we had recorded along with the industry at the 
time when there was opportune. Now possibly going forward that would be a little muted. 
On the other things on forex of course recovery from written off cases we have done well 
this year but going forward there is a number of last ticket cases would be less. Therefore 
one can expect that recovery from written off cases would taper off a little over the next 
year, this will maintain around the same level that we have. 
 
On the next slide are the provisions of contingencies. Here the main feature that I would 
like to point out here is that as MD had pointed out we have made full provisions for the 
outstanding amount of the bonds representing our interest in the SASF. The reason that we 
have done this till last quarter what we are doing is estimating the remaining possible 
recovery for the three years of the residual period and providing for the balance. However 
we took a call now so that we could have our hands free to decide on the future course of 
action on what we can do with SASF. With this now we are armed with much more 
flexibility and it will take much more fragmented decision to ensure that the value which is 
residing in the SASF, we capitalize on it in the best way possible. We will explore all 
avenues now that it has been fully provided. We have not done any technical write off in 
this quarter so whatever bad debts written off is right up to December plus whatever is 
essentially required on the retail and SMA side. Other than this we have done every 
provision that is required as per RBI norm both for the nonperforming, the standard assets 
as well as the restructured assets. 
 
Just coming to the next slide on the yields ratio. The yield has improved a little for the 
financial year. If you see that both on quarter-on-quarter and the year-on-year it has 
improved, however, this trend will reflect the movement in the market rate as we go along 
and as we improve our corporate book activity. On the NIM we have already mentioned that 
it has improved to 3.73. It includes the impact of that interest on refund. Without that it is 
about 3.5 and the cost to income has also improved. As I mentioned it includes the impact 
of the onetime write off on family pension benefit. 

 
 
  
IDBI Bank Limited 
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Now coming to the next slide, this is the trend in the cost of funds and cost of deposits. 
These are figures already known to you. You are tracking the bank. It is in line as I said 
with the movement in the industry as well as the changing composition of liability profile. 
Coming on to the balance sheet, this time we have cross Rs.3 lakh Crores as balance sheet 
size and the advances overall have grown on a net basis by about 7% and gross advances by 
about 10%. We will discuss the future trend at the end. 
 
Coming to the next slide on the business performance. This again summarizes what the MD 
and I have stated till now that is the total deposit has grown and the composition in that 
deposit in terms of current account, in terms of savings account, also in terms of retail term 
deposit has grown. Overall term deposit seems to have declined from 49% to 43%, but it is 
bulk now, it has come down from 11% composition from last year to 5%. 
 
Coming to the next slide again quickly I will say that the book of savings, the book of retail, 
and book of current all of have grown and the contribution to the overall deposit profile has 
also improved. 
 
Coming on to the subsequent slide, this is the gross advances breakup. More or less as I said 
that we had stabilized at about mix of corporate and retail and I think that fare will be 
maintaining plus or minus some 3% to 4% on either side. This will be the trajectory going 
forward. On the structured resale asset, we continue to be heavy on the home loan, the 
mortgage, and the secured home loans, but as we had said earlier, we have put in place 
systems and we are also looking to activate various other products both on the MSME and 
the Agri and on other retail loans to widen the portfolio base and also enhance the growth 
from all possible components. Gross advances as I said have grown by about 10% and 
largely we now have advances booked only in the Gift City branch otherwise it is always 
domestic. 
 
Coming to the breakup of these advances, you can see that first of all on the corporate and 
retail as I mentioned now it is fairly steady direction in which it is going. Standard gross 
advances also more or less the composition has stabilized now so the ratio between 
corporate to retail is also clean and net advances have shown an improvement of about 7%. 
 
Priority sector which is in the next slide, we have achieved all our targets and overall on the 
PSLC bottom sold, we are net positive, which has contributed to our PSLC. On the treasury 
operations, again in terms of modified duration on the AFS book we are well placed to meet 
the rising interest rate scenario and overall modified duration was also fine. Even in terms 
of PV01 also we are quite comfortable. 
 
We will go on to the next slide that is slide #26. This is the COVID-19. On this as far as the 
restructuring is concerned we are maintaining all the required provisions. As per the 
outstanding balance, we will be maintaining that Rs.415 Crores provision and then in the 
earlier provisions that we have made out of that two components we had taken out and on 

 
 
  
IDBI Bank Limited 
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 18 
that now as I said that we have also made new provisions that I have already described here 
both in terms of family pension full amortization and also in terms of SASF full provision. 
 
On the asset quality nothing much to add. This is where it stands. We have not done any 
technical write offs so despite that based on the recovery that we have achieved and other 
settlements, the gross NPA has improved to 19% and net NPA significantly improved to 
1.27. 
 
The next slide is on the NPA movement where we have given our achievements in terms of 
settlements, upgradation and written off. The advances portfolio includes this time of an 
amount of about Rs.9000 Crores under reverse term report. This is as per the recent RBI 
master circular. Therefore we have given some of those figures with and without this so that 
your people can analyze the way you would prefer to. 
 
Now coming to the NCLT this is the position. More or less I mean NCLT now that things 
are stabilizing, we can expect that there will be a little more movement in the cases 
pertaining to NCLT and perhaps some amount of recovery is possible but big-ticket cases 
are not many there so in terms of volume for us, it will increase but in terms of amount it 
will be not as significant as it was earlier. On the SMA this is an improvement overall to 
about 3% of the portfolio now out of which SMA zero is quite small and this is of course 
taken into accounts that restructuring that we had done under RF1 and RF2. We will be 
watching that portfolio as we go ahead and as of now it is not possible to say exactly how 
that portfolio will behave. Definitely it requires to be looked at and watched closely and 
which we will be monitoring quite closely. 
 
The capital side I have nothing to add. We already discussed it. Shareholding pattern again 
there is nothing much to mention. It is more or less the same. This is just a bit about digital 
footprints that we are having. So in financial year FY2021, out of the customer induced 
financial transactions about 91% was digitally routed and in this year it has improved by 3% 
to 94% and you can see that out of that the large share has been taken by UPI, which is no 
surprise. There have been no many paper reports on this phenomenon. 
 
Now coming to the next slide, this is the overall digital footprint of the bank which is 
improving. Now that we have come out of PCA and everything we do have much more 
freedom now and we will be working a lot more to improve this footprint through various 
other emerging means to engage the customer and improve our business. A snapshot of all 
the distal products that we have introduced and are introducing and you will continue to see 
some more announcements and actions on this side as we go forward into this year. 
 
On the financial inclusion, I think we need not spend too much time on this. Both the Mudra 
our achievements and so on. We will come down the subsidiaries all have reported profits 
and improved profitability. Just on the last slide on the guidance. Going forward just next 
year we are looking at a growth rate of about 10% to 12% and as I said that 63:37 can go to 

 
 
  
IDBI Bank Limited 
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 18 
even 60:40 a little here and there but this is the balance that we would like to maintain. The 
credit cost and net slippage we expect the credit cost to improve to about 1.5% and slippage 
also we expect it to improve to about 2.5%. This 2.5% is also because of that RF1 and RF2 
book that we have which we have to see how that plays out. On the ROA, we expect now to 
cross 1% next year. We are poised to do that and ROE of course above 14% and CRER we 
will definitely maintain about 50%. On the GNPA one is of course there is a possible 
transfer to NAFCL that and plus recovery all together I think we will be looking to bring 
down the GNPA to about 14% and on NIM we will be looking to maintain at least 3.25%. 
On the retail of course as I mentioned we are much detail the color given by the MD but we 
will be working on many fronts to improve and broaden our retail portfolio. Cost to income 
we want to maintain below 48% and that is it as far as the coming year in concerned. These 
are some of the highlights that I wanted to mention. I will stop here and we can have 
question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Chintan Shah from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Chintan Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir one question largely on the recoveries front so given that 
the momentum has been strong on the recovery front so any guidance what we are 
expecting recoveries for FY2023? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Now this like last year as you know we had made a target of Rs.4000 Crores. As against 
that we have been able to recover Rs.5320 Crores so this Rs.5320 Crores includes 
everything recovery in cash and then recovery in PW account and some part which has gone 
to interest so this year again because now most of the big accounts mostly have been settled, 
there are small accounts are there, but still we are expecting total recovery of Rs.4000 
Crores during 2022-2023. 
Chintan Shah: 
Got it and probably Sir this might even break on the higher side but chances of breaking on 
the lower side is less right? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Yes. 
Chintan Shah: 
 It can even be more than four? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
 So far if you have seen last year whatever guidance note we had given, we had given 0.7 up 
to 0.7 but we are 0.8 for most of the part. 
Chintan Shah: 
 I think on most of the parameters we have overshooted the guidance? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
 We have shown the better performance. 

 
 
  
IDBI Bank Limited 
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Chintan Shah: 
 This is likely to sustain in the coming year as well right? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Yes. 
Chintan Shah: 
Sir just one thing largely on the macro part so throughout the year of bankers saying that 
growth is likely to come back and capex is likely to drive growth back so just wanted to get 
your thoughts on when are you expecting the capex cycle to kick in and whether it will be 
driven by government or by private capex or who will take the lead and any guidance on 
when it can start? If we look at the data the macro data is not that strong on the industry? 
The credit book is not strong for the industry? It is growing on the retail front, but industry 
growth is not picking up? 
P. Sitaram: 
Chintan you are right. The private sector investment cycle which was expected to kick start 
in 2021 has got delayed for various reasons. COVID to begin with and later on some 
uncertainties around the war but given the push on infrastructure by the government and 
also the PLI scheme approvals given by the government for various sectors, we expect the 
private sector capex cycle to restart because there has been a hiatus of around four to five 
years on private sector capex and capacity expansion also, but we are already seeing green 
shoots. If you are aware in Q4 certain marquee projects have already gone funded. They 
were funded in no time at all like the Navi Mumbai Airport or the coastal road project so we 
are seeing green shoots in private sector capex investments so to say, but other than that as a 
bank we will take a very calibrated approach on such large infrastructure projects because 
our book already has a slight concentration on these large infrastructure projects, but our 
concentration will be on audio cut 31:39 sector which we expect to revise the capex cycle 
and also manufacturing like Pharmaceutical, auto components and so on and so forth but 
another point for in favor of corporate credits growth will also be the working capital 
drawdowns which we are already seeing drawdowns increasing in Q4 itself. For instance 
highly rated corporate which were barely drawing fund base working capital limits from the 
banking sector as a whole. This is for the sector as a whole. We are seeing drawdowns 
increase in Q4 mainly because of the input costs going up. For instance, a lot of these core 
sector companies import coal or stock coal. Coal prices have gone up so the working capital 
holding has gone up and drawdowns have happened. In fact we are seeing even requests for 
enchantment in sanction limits happening so overall we estimate 2022-2023, the banking 
sector will see a pickup in the corporate sector credit overall that should happen in 2022-
2023. 
Chintan Shah: 
Sir basically your discussion with the bank means your client that this capex is likely to start 
but are there any reasons that why it can be deferred further from hereon, so for example 
due to some macroeconomic issues or geopolitical concerns lenders are deferring form 
doing the capex? Is that the case or now they are ready okay now we will go ahead and do 
the capex? 

 
 
  
IDBI Bank Limited 
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 18 
P. Sitaram: 
Lenders are not deferring. There was so push back from the lenders, but private sector was 
not investing in the last couple of years for reasons of lower growth? 
Chintan Shah: 
I mean private sector so now is the private sector still deferring the same or now they are 
ready to invest? 
P. Sitaram: 
They are ready to invest now. There are still uncertainties in the macroeconomic front 
especially on the global front on the war and other measures. There could be unforeseen 
things which could develop in the capex front also because wherever there is uncertainty 
private sector will defer their capex plans, but as of now we see projects taking off from the 
drawing board stage and coming to the bank for financing so we are seeing that trend 
already. 
Chintan Shah: 
Got it and Sir one thing on this housing loan dilemma so if I look at our housing loan 
portfolio it has grown roughly 10% during the year and if you look at the RBI housing loan 
data so that is also showing roughly 9% to 10% growth for the housing loan but Sir in case 
of some banks, some private sector banks they are reporting a very high number growth in 
housing loan, where is the confusion? I think each and every player is reporting 10% above 
so who is under growing in terms of housing loan? Any clue on that or why RBI data is 
showing only 9%? Should it be higher? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
So Chintan there is a complete liquidity play in this market so all those banks who are 
flushed with the liquidity have lowered their rates and they mostly they are using it in this 
business that is transfer happening so overall if you see there is a growth of about 9% to 
10% and our growth is also in line with that for home loan product so there are some few 
banks where because of the liquidity and the interest rate play this shifting is there in some 
pockets otherwise the overall economic growth is like this. 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure got it. That is it from my side. I will come back in the queue for a follow-up. Thank 
you very much and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bunty Chawla from IDBI Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Bunty Chawla: 
 Thank you Sir. Thank you for giving the opportunity? Just one query as we see the 
provisioning and line item as we have shared on the slide #13 so it seems there has been a 
high depreciation on the investment part and we go a reversal in the provisioning on the 
NPA as well as the standard assets? How one should see this number because I believe still 
there has been a Q-o-Q stability in the loan book so why there is a decline or reversal in the 
standard assets on the provisioning part? 

 
 
  
IDBI Bank Limited 
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 18 
P. Sitaram: 
The decline in the stand asset provision as I mentioned we held COVID provisions in the 
slide that which we gave. We did utilize those provisions as and when the stress came 
whether from COVID or from other sources. We continued to make provision from that 
directly charging it to PL. So this from March now we have taken a recording now that in 
terms of the RBI circular has also the status of the COVID. We have retained that extra 
provision that we had made up about 116 Crores and the remaining thing is what we have 
taken back to PL that is why you will see some amount of credit on the provision. On the 
investment side, the additional provision is coming because of the item that I explained that 
is the full provision for the securities representing our interest in stressed assets stabilization 
fund. So that is the main aspect of that movement there. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
But that whatever provision has been utilized has been used for additional provisioning on 
SASF and the family pension and other areas. So in fact that has not, the profit coming from 
the operations only.  
P. Sitaram: 
So this is effective provision that we have made is more than that what we have taken out as 
that 266 Crores additional write-off it will reflect in Opex. So that also you can take into 
account that. So overall for the quarter we have done the additional provisioning. 
Bunty Chawla: 
So in short can we say there is no COVID provisioning as of FY2022 already all the 
COVID provisioning has been completely utilized. 
P. Sitaram: 
No, first of all there is a provision of about 415 Crores that is the provision mandated for 
resolutions framework 1 and resolution framework 2 as per the 2%, 3% that RBI has 
mentioned in the respective circulars. For the assets that have been restructured under those 
two frameworks. Over and above that we had made certain additional provisions which are 
cautious again it starts off with the RBI circular so the first one that we had made 116 
Crores was what based on that RBI circular but we continued to add to that on a voluntary 
basis which are related to about 833 Crores. Out of that which was not against any specific 
Capex, we have retained the 116 Crores and the remaining amount is what we had taken 
out. So we do have COVID provisions still 415 Crores for the restructured assets and 116 
Crores which we have continued to hold against the initial COVID provision. 
Bunty Chawla: 
Okay Sir thank you for the answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pranav Tendulkar from Rare Enterprises. 
Please go ahead. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Hi! Thanks a lot Sir. Sir, just a query, so in your slippages data or in the movement of asset 
quality data you have said that there is a 160 Crores write-off, but in provisions data the bad 
debts written-off is 529 Crores. So can you just reconcile two because I think that the bad 

 
 
  
IDBI Bank Limited 
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 18 
debts written-off provisions should be less than the loans written-off during the quarter, so 
is there something else there. 
P. Sitaram: 
This 160 is for the quarter four. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Right. 
P. Sitaram: 
As against 160 you are referring to our PL. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Correct in the provisions, in the PL, the bad debts written-off provisions is higher number. 
It is around 529 Crores for quarter ended March 2022 on slide I think page #13 or slide #14. 
P. Sitaram: 
Yes, so that 529 write-off change that includes settlements so that is technically is not a 
write-off. So what we do voluntarily is what we are shown as write-off in the NPA moment, 
but in terms of accounting even if the 100% provided case I recover something what I do is 
I have to show on gross basis that the entire principle has gone off or to the extent not 
recover I have to show it as a gross write-off and correspondingly there is a gross reversal 
of provision held against that also. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
So that will be in the standard assets or provision for NPAs in the P&L. 
P. Sitaram: 
In the P&L in the provision for NPA. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Sir also can you just guide on net interest margin going forward. 
P. Sitaram: 
We are expecting to maintain at least 3.25% that is the guidance we are giving this is 
without one offs, I mean, I am comparing with that 3.5 that we achieved for the year. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Also any monetization from the subsidiaries or and if you take that withhold. 
P. Sitaram: 
Yes, MD will answer. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Now as you have seen our capital advocacy ratio is quite comfortable, we are at 19% and 
even tier one is 16.68% so as such for raising capital or for strengthening capital we do not 
need any monetization now but at the same time for some legal statutory requirements so 
this ARCIL we are in the process because NARCL now we have invested so that ARCIL 
we will be doing partly so this may materialize during the current financial year same way 
that our IDBI Mutual Fund because LIC is also our holding company they are holding 49% 
and they also have mutual funds so that is why as per SEBI requirement both of us we 
cannot have mutual fund. So that also is under process, so then third one is that this NSDL 
we are holding 26% share, but now as per SEBI requirements we cannot hold more than 

 
 
  
IDBI Bank Limited 
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 18 
15%, so 11% we will have to dilute there is a time limit for that so that only we will be 
monetizing and the last one is that Asia's Federal Life Insurance where we had earlier 
diluted 23% that time was there, but at the same time the AGRs the other our joint venture 
partner they had opted for that call option. So whenever they exercise that call option so that 
remaining 25% will be monetized. So these are basically like for these type of requirements 
so these subsidiaries we may monetize during the current financial year. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Perfect thanks a lot Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jay Mundra from B&K Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Jay Mundra: 
Good evening Sir, I have couple of questions one is on your write-off policy so we have 
22500 Crores of loss assets which are 100% provided and this of course moves the reported 
write-off as a much higher number and in this quarter we have done a very miniscule write-
off. So wanted to check what is the write-off policy these assets are already loss assets 
100% provided so what stops you from writing-off these assets and bringing down your 
GNPA and what is your thought process there. 
P. Sitaram: 
The thought there is that we are carrying certain amount of deferred tax asset which is 
significant and the component there of course the larger component is towards the 
provision, but we also have business loss there. So any technical write-off that we do will 
move the deferred tax asset from the provision to the business loss category. As you know 
that the business loss category has a limited life whereas the provision has got an unlimited 
life. So any call that we take here will have an effect on the average life of that to utilize this 
asset. So that is the main consideration which is there. 
Jay Mundra: 
And I at least have understood some portion of it and like you said that there is some 
accumulated losses that we are carrying we may have set it off against the securities 
premium from dividend perspective. But we are still carrying some business losses right but 
we are still paying income tax. So for this year we have paid around 1100 Crores of at least 
tax provisions. So why are we still paying tax I mean how does this work. 
P. Sitaram: 
Two things, one is that set-off has not yet happened it is subject to NCLT that is yet to come 
but yes the proposal is at the final stage. Second on the provision for income tax it is 
basically a reversal of DTA, so we are utilizing the DTA so if you see the balance sheet side 
also the DTA drawdown has been reflected. 
Jay Mundra: 
This is actually a DTL. 

 
 
  
IDBI Bank Limited 
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 18 
P. Sitaram: 
Yes, DTA. So there is a small amount of provision of course that is because some earlier 
years as and when appeals and further appeals get settled so sometimes we have to reverse 
the provision, sometimes we have to make marginal additional provisions so those cannot 
be set off against DTA for that we have to make a small provisions, but those are minor 
mainly it is a DTA utilization which is happening not a fresh payment or anything. 
Jay Mundra: 
And on your CET1 so in absolute terms this quarter CET1 has increased from 21000 
roughly to 25700, 25800. So around 4400, 4500 kind of an increase I think you had 
mentioned that there is some portion coming out of revel and of course you would have had 
full layer profit into this, but if you can still explain that what are the moving parts here so 
how much has come from revel how much has come from PAT and is there any other third 
portion here. 
P. Sitaram: 
No, revel will contribute only marginally in the tier two. So the main increase is because till 
December we cannot recognize the year-to-date profit that can be taken into account only 
when we reach the year asset. So as on March now the entire year's profit have got added to 
the tier one. So I had mentioned in December also in September that the capital adequacy 
that we are reporting is without taking into account the year-to-date profits. 
Jay Mundra: 
No but so even if I were to add the profit it will add around 2500 Crores. 
P. Sitaram: 
Yes, that is the utilization of DTA, now DTA there is a slightly complex formula some part 
of it is reduced from tier one and some is left as residual as a risk weighted asset at about 
whatever that 625% or 325%. So what happens is as we utilize the DTA, the amount of 
deduction from tier one keeps reducing. So that augments the tier one straight away. 
Jay Mundra: 
So the DTA unwinding is helping capital increase. Thirdly on your guidance so I do not 
know it does not look very coherent in the sense that we are saying that credit cost will be 
below 1.5% and slippages will also come down but this year we have a credit cost of around 
89 basis point this is what you have reported in your presentation and you are saying that it 
will be below 1.5% you are saying that this year we have done 5300 Crores of recovery and 
next year we will do 4000 Crores despite the fact if I were to take GNPA plus two this is 
like 70000 Crores worth of stock of NPA. So it does not look very coherent so you may say 
that you are sort of under promising but still wanted to get your thoughts here on why are 
you saying that credit cost would be below 1.5% but this year you have done only 89 basis 
points. 
P. Sitaram: 
Yes that 89 is a net of the COVID provision reversal that we have done so we should look 
at it from that perspective and secondly of course now we have to monitor that RF1 and 
RF2 book.  

 
 
  
IDBI Bank Limited 
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Actually you are right that it is quite conservative that we are saying that it will be below 
1.5 see if the credit slippage level is around 2.5% technically the initial first year the 
provision should be 15% so that should be around 4.4 or something and then some hedging 
provisions there but at the same time we are also saying in our guidance that our provision 
coverage ratio will continue to be above 95%, 96%. So that is why like some accelerated 
provision we may make that is why this we are showing 1.5, but technically if you go you 
are right it should be somewhere around 0.75, 0.5 further we are adding because of some 
may be accelerated provisioning as you know over the years, last four years you have seen 
we have been doing quite aggressive provisioning so that is why it is there but technically 
yes it will be around 0.75%. 
Jay Mundra: 
And if you can detail what is the restructured assets outstanding I could not get that number 
including COVID in an earlier SDR 525 everything. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Yes, if that effectively total restructured assets including COVID and the old that S4A 525 
and everything total for both retail corporate it is 4620 Crores which amounts to 3.16% of 
our standard gross advances which is around 146000 Crores so it is quite reasonable and we 
have made provision also for that like you see as against 4620 we have made provision of 
697 Crores and if you see the SMA level because your question can be that there what is the 
stress level if you see the SMA level it was 5.08% in March 2021 and when I am saying 
SMA level because some of the banks are reporting only more than 5 Crores but we are 
reporting all each and every account whatever is in SMA and if it is in SMA not only fund-
based but non fund-based outstanding is also added. Despite that my SMA level was 5.08 as 
on March 31, 2021, which has now come down to 3.12%. So I do not see much stress in 
that, but yes that is why despite the fact that my quarter four slippage if you see has come 
down quite substantially but I am keeping my slippage ratio conservatively at 2.5% but it is 
likely to be much below. 
Jay Mundra: 
On restructuring I think the last quarter the number was from 7900 Crores so is it the right 
like-to-like number so 7900 Crores has come down to 4600 Crores. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
7900 is the number of accounts. 
Jay Mundra: 
So what was the quantum last quarter if you have just for? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
I think it was in this same range only, I remember I had mentioned the percentage is almost 
3%, 3.25% or something so it was in the same range only because after that I think to some 
roughly it was if I remember correctly it was 4200 or something so around 300, 400 Crores 
has been added because of that extended provisioning part, extended restructuring 
Otherwise it has not gone up drastically it is only maybe around 300, 400 has been added 
and now this 4620 Crores is an exact number. 

 
 
  
IDBI Bank Limited 
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Jay Mundra: 
Actually the other banks have seen a drop in the restructuring because Shapoorji Pallonji 
has been upgraded or has been repaid. So I was thinking if you have also got benefited. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
We had a very small fund-based exposure so it did not impact our books in fact it is very, 
very small the double digit. In fact if you see out of that 4620 if we take a breakup my LCG 
restructuring is corporate is basically 1200 only LCG 1000 and mid corporate 220, so 1200. 
So 3000 is coming from retail but what I have seen in other bank I should not comment but 
percentage wise in the same ratio. So my corporate restructuring is not much it is only 1266 
Crores. 
Jay Mundra: 
And so this is slightly a clarification. So in the provisioning slide we are showing provision 
MTM and then there is another negative line item in the other income 48 Crores profit loss 
on revaluation of investment. So just wanted to check what is that I mean I thought all 
standard assets MTM you either run it through other income or you provide in provisions as 
earlier but you have mentioned that subject to RBI I mean consequent to RBI direction 
change you have put in something in other income. So what is that 48 Crores. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
See simple, the matter is if there is a performing investment if you have to do mark-to-
market. The mark-to-market if there is appreciation RBI says you cannot take into account. 
If there is an appreciation then you have to provide for that. So what we show in other 
income as valuation loss is the MTM which comes on performing investment. 
Jay Mundra: 
So this is not GSEC right this is some corporate investment. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
It can add, it can include the GSEC also, it can include any treasury investments that we 
have, that have to be passed through a mark-to-mark formula as required by Reserve Bank. 
Jay Mundra: 
So entire standard assets, standard provisions MTM will be rooted through other income 
that is what the policy is. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Yes, we do not use the word standard because again further confusion will come I mean 
what is required just as an MTM valuation is there in the other income but where it is 
required as per a prudential norm due to some whatever the trigger that RBI is specified 
then that comes under provisions and contingencies. 
Jay Mundra: 
No, so just hypothetically does this include MTM on GSEC. So let us say if you have. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Yes, it includes MTM on GSEC. 

 
 
  
IDBI Bank Limited 
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Jay Mundra: 
So if you can tell me the quantum there. The reason why I am asking is I remember you 
have already IFR at above 2% so I was wondering why were you do MTM through this line 
item versus using RBI leeway in setting it off from IFR. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
So what is wrong in doing that. 
Jay Mundra: 
Nothing wrong, but you are one of the few banks which already have 2% plus IFR. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
I will take that as a compliment. 
Jay Mundra: 
But in going ahead if you have let us say MTM but theoretically you can adjust in IFR 
without rooting it through P&L right. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
But anyway we are not considered that we would like to be the traditional IDBI that we are. 
Jay Mundra: 
Okay Sir I have one more question if you want I can ask right now or I can come back in 
the queue. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Go ahead. 
Jay Mundra: 
On NIM right, so we have mentioned the margins, but somehow on quarterly basis it 
becomes very volatile because of the NPA recovery that we include here in NIM, NII right. 
The NPA recovery you would be adding it principal fee or in interest income if you were to 
do only business NII if you have that number maybe for full year that adjusting it. 
P. Sitaram: 
That is 2.53 for the full year business NII and that is the improvement of about 70 basis 
points over last year 2.8 business NII last year. 
Jay Mundra: 
No but that business NII will also include the normal recovery from NPA that you would be 
going through interest income is that right. 
P. Sitaram: 
It will knock off this one, yes, if we take out large ticket recovery then there is the NIM 
excluding all this both the interest on income tax refund as well as the major recoveries is 
2.79% last year. 
Jay Mundra: 
Last year FY2022 right. 
P. Sitaram: 
FY2021 2.79% against that this year on the same parity 3.26% so that is why 3.25% we 
have given the guidance. That is why we are saying anyway you look at we have achieved 
an improvement in the four NII. 

 
 
  
IDBI Bank Limited 
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Jay Mundra: 
Correct great Sir and last thing just a small clarification when you report your data to RBI 
on monthly basis I mean the data which comes out in sectoral deployment of credit do your 
report gross number or do you report net number because for you I mean I just wanted to 
understand because for you there is a large difference in gross advances and net advances so 
what is the number that goes to RBI in sectoral data. 
P. Sitaram: 
As far as I remember, sorry, I cannot effectively say that but I am sure that somewhere or 
the other RBI is collecting both data and it is up to them to utilize the way they desire. So 
we do not know exactly what goes into it but both the gross as well as the set offs are 
available to RBI. 
Jay Mundra: 
No so there is a large difference in your net advances growth and gross advances growth. So 
I was just checking from RBI the data that RBI gives is that gross or net or is there any way 
to kind of get it. 
P. Sitaram: 
The 70% confidence I will say RBI is using net advances, but I will need to recheck again 
to make it very sure. 
Jay Mundra: 
Great Sir thanks a lot for answering all these questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over the management for their closing comments. Thank you and over to you. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Thank you very much ladies and gentlemen for attending this conference. After this also if 
you have any questions, the entire top management and the CFO will be available for 
answering any specific queries or any other questions. So thank you very much for 
attending this conference and thanks ICICI Securities for arranging this conference. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities we now 
conclude this conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
