  
Corporate
Corporate Office / 
Plot No. B-23, Wag
E-m
 May 04, 2022 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Sub: - Transcript of Earnings Con
 
Please find attached herewith tr
same is made available on the w
 
Kindly take the same on record a
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
Email ID: csteam@5paisa.com 
 
 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, Da
Mumbai 400 001 
Tel No.: 22721233 
Fax No.: 22723719/22723121/
BSE Scrip Code: 540776 
 
5paisa Capital Limited 
e Identity Number: L67190MH2007PLC289249 
Regd. Office: 5paisa Capital Limited, Sun Infotech Park, Road No. 16V,
le Estate, Thane Industrial Area, Thane – 400604. Tel:+91 22 41035000
mail: csteam@5paisa.com • Website: www.5paisa.com 
nference Call  
ranscript of the earnings call held on Thursday, 
website of the Company i.e. www.5paisa.com.  
and oblige.  
lal Street, 
/22722037/  
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange 
Exchange Plaza, 5 Floor, Plot 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Band
Mumbai 400 051 
Tel No.: 2659 8235 Fax No.: 2
NSE Symbol: 5PAISA 
                 
April 28, 2022. The 
of India Ltd., 
C/1, G Block, 
dra (E),  
6598237 

 
 
 
 
Transcript –   5Paisa Capital Ltd Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
-1- 
 
 
 
5Paisa Capital Limited 
Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Event Date / Time:  28/04/2022, 14:00 Hrs. IST  
           Event Duration: 37 mins 
 
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
        Mr. Prakarsh Gagdani 
        CEO and Wholetime Director 
 
       Mr. Gourav Munjal 
       Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Transcript –   5Paisa Capital Ltd Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
-2- 
 
 
Moderator   
 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to 5Paisa Capital Q4FY22 Earnings Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 on 
your phone. Please note that this conference is recorded. I would now like to hand over to the 
management. Thank you and over to you. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Very good afternoon, everyone. Myself Prakarsh Gagdani, CEO and Wholetime Director of 5 
Paisa. I welcome you all for this Q4 and the Annual Conference Call for the financial year 2022.  
Joined by my colleague, CFO Mr. Gourav Munjal. Before we open for questions, I would like to 
share how the entire last year and last quarter went by for us, as well as for the entire industry. 
Friends, the last two years have been outstanding for the industry and especially financial year 
2022. I feel that every disruption in the industry needs an inflection point, which take the 
business to a whole new level. Pandemic proved the same for broking. With technology at the 
forefront of filtering players led this disruption of capital market to every town of the country.  
 
In just two years, overall demat accounts in the country has more than doubled. In FY22 alone, 
we added 3.5 crores demat accounts, which is 146% more than the last year. It actually means 
that almost 2.5% of the population entered capital market in just one year and most of them for 
the first time. The debate about the seriousness of the people or the investment side, the age 
bracket that the investors are coming into, the longevity of the users with respect to sticking 
around is there, but one thing is for sure, at the end it is absolutely positive.  And, we are on a 
track to be a nation with a sizable population investing directly or indirectly in market as 
compared to the traditional ways of investing.  
 
With per capita income growing and awareness about capital markets spreading in the younger 
generation, it could lead to a stronger capital market in the coming years. Talking about 5 
Paisa’s journey during the last 12 months, I'm delighted to share that we acquired 1.38 million 
customers in last one year, which was 100% more growth than last year and rather base grew 
by 102% for this year.  We continue to be the fifth largest discount with the market share of 4% 
in the incremental demat account getting added in the industry. Our growth in acquisition 
complemented with our average daily turnover of 129%.  
 
 

 
 
 
 
Transcript –   5Paisa Capital Ltd Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
-3- 
 
Despite competitors opening more accounts, our ADTO growth, especially in the equity 
derivatives segment is in line with our industry growth. It is clearly aligned with our philosophy of 
opening quality accounts who have genuine intention of trading. Our active clients as a 
percentage of total clients stand at a healthy 64%, we are not just able to have higher 
customers, but we are also able to engage them. Our monthly active users, which is typically 
MAU on our mobile app is now stands at approximately 1.2 to 1.6 million customers. This is 
60% higher than March last year. Our overall business numbers indicate a healthy growth, 
which is 42% growth in the number of orders, 107% growth in our margin funding book which 
stands at around Rs.300 crores plus today and a 53% growth in our overall top line. As you're 
aware that we raised around Rs.250 crores from marquee investors in May 2021. With 
fundraise we began our investment in technology and also branding.  
 
Technology when I say it means both investing in people and also building our infrastructure 
and product. So this resulted in cost increase. Though this was an investment in our business 
for future growth and I've shared that in the previous calls also with all of you, but we still 
managed to maintain our profitability and yet grew our both customers and revenue. Our 
investments have started giving fruits with this quarter showing a sequential profit growth of 
500%. In last quarter we had a PBT of about a crore and this quarter it's around 6 crores. Now, 
this is all about the quantitative aspects of business. Now, let me talk something about the 
qualitative aspects of business.  
 
As a mobile-first fintech company, for us customer delight on our platform is paramount. Our 
focus on improving our onboard experience has led to a growth of 62% in our lead conversion. 
Not just that, but today 78% of the customers open their account without any assistance and 
that too straight through without any rejection or objection. Our mobile app with more than 12 
million user has a rating of 4.3, which is one of the best in the industry.  
 
We have not just improved customer experience during onboarding and opening an demat 
account, but also worked on overall customer delight. Our NPS score, which stands as an 
ultimate test of customer happiness, stands at 81% today. Talking about technology investment, 
one of the objectives of our fundraise was investing in technology. It was expanding our team, 
building product, building infrastructure for the next door, hiring and investing in talent across 
digital vertical. 
 
I would like to appraise all that we have taken a leap jump in the same. Our digital team today 
stands at around 208 people, whereas we were just 73 last year. We are also in the process of 
creating a brand-new data center of a bigger capacity than we already have, and this will be an 
addition to the infrastructure we already have today. On the product front, we are in the process 
of revamping our mobile app, which is our predominant platform for trading and for all our users.  

 
 
 
 
Transcript –   5Paisa Capital Ltd Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
-4- 
 
 
The objective here is to provide the best-in-class experience to our customers, not just who are 
coming to market for the first time, but also the seasoned players. Our mobile app will now have 
not just be powerful and scalable backend, but a sleek, beautiful and a new features loaded 
frontend too. Our app, we'll be providing information and features which will be unparalleled in 
the industry as of now.  
 
Before concluding my address, I would like to touch base on our quarterly performance. I'm 
again delighted to share that yet another strong quarter. Our overall revenues went up by 10% 
sequentially, but as I said that our profits are up by almost 500%. For previous few quarters, we 
were investing in tech product and branding, which resulted in subdued profits. With this 
quarter, we are almost through with our investments in tech and product. From now on, our cost 
increment will be much lesser as compared to our revenue growth. We will continue our focus 
on our growth which is customer acquisition and revenue. I'm confident that this will also help us 
to improve our profitability in coming quarters. With that I conclude my address and I open the 
floor for question and answer if you have. I will be more than happy to answer those.  
 
Moderator   
 
Our first question from Mr. Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital, please go ahead, sir.  
 
Sarvesh Gupta   
 
Good afternoon, sir. First question is that you have grown 50 odd percent this year, but you 
know, compared to your competitors, especially the digital brokers, the growth seems to be on 
the lower side. We know the numbers of at least two which have grown by almost 100% in one 
case and 70% in another case and the other thing is that now the scale at which they are in 
terms of revenues, is almost 7 to 10 times of or more of where you are, so in an industry where 
you know, this is getting more and more concentrated amongst fewer players, what makes you 
confident that you will still have the right to sort of stay relevant in the top three, four sort of a 
player or mindset of the potential customers? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Hi, Sarvesh. So, you know, I agree that obviously you have more competition data than I have. 
See first of all, while talking about growth, we have to look at what exactly we're talking in terms 
of growth. So, if I talk about revenue, if you see our last year, though the base at which we were 
last year, we wanted to raise capital and that is the reason in the Q2FY22 and Q3FY22, we had 
to slow down our growth because we needed capital for further growth. Now that got concluded 

 
 
 
 
Transcript –   5Paisa Capital Ltd Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
-5- 
 
in the month of May last year and from that which is Q1, if you see, we have again started 
acquiring more customers and our revenue growth has now going up.  
 
So, I think if you look at the kind of comparison that you're doing for competition vis-à-vis us, 
which is maybe a listed competition, we have beat the buzz. Secondly, see broking is not 
something where you say that you whether you will be still relevant or not. At the end of the day, 
what matters is whether your product is being liked by customer? Is your offering, actually 
targeting a set of customers, and are you able to retain them, and if your long-term value of a 
customer is intact? If that is there, then you would always be relevant. 
 
Now, I'll give you some more data point. So in my address also I said that, though, we have not 
grown in terms of customer base. So, for example, in the industry the demat account has grown 
by 146%, but we have grown by 102% in customers. But if you see derivative turnover, you 
know, which is typically the lucrative part of the revenue. Now the derivative mode, we've be 
grown almost the same as the exchange has grown. What exactly it means? It means that we 
are able to attract the right kind of audience and the customers that are coming to us are 
sticking to the platform and trading. I think that is more important. And if you're able to do that 
consistently, it is a matter of time that your revenues shoot up and your profitability also shoots 
up.  
 
And I don't believe that today’s large players will always continue to be. You know, five years 
back most of the full-service brokers were 10 times, 20 times, 30 times the size of a discount 
broker. A lot of people have written off this model at the start, but what is happening today? So, 
the picture is completely changed. So, we don't know exactly what is going to happen in future. 
So, I with an entrepreneurial mindset, I don't see that now today if you are not number one, 
right. So, it is always that if you focus on what your customer wants and if you're able to give 
that, provide that, you will always be relevant, and you'll always grow. And that again, I'll have 
this conversation a year later. 
 
Sarvesh Gupta   
 
Sure, sir. That is what my question was basically, you know, full-service brokers got disrupted 
by the discount brokers and now within that discount brokers, if you count for the revenue 
market share, you would have lost it this year compared to all the top three, four guys. If you do 
a revenue market share analysis, you have certainly lost the market share. So, what gives you 
confidence that you will be able to gain revenue market share amongst the top three, four 
players in the next two, three years? That was essentially my question, sir. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Transcript –   5Paisa Capital Ltd Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
-6- 
 
 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
See, the answer to this is very simple, our trading experience and our products. I'm absolutely 
confident that this this is going to be an experience changing moment for customers and that is 
something that will drive our revenues and will grow our revenues from here. I know that the 
answer may not excite because that doesn't talk in numbers, but if you use the product, you will 
understand what I'm trying to say. 
 
Sarvesh Gupta   
 
I understood, sir. And, second sir, is on the expenses side. So, this year while you know our 
revenues have grown by 50%, but the costs would have gone up even more, especially 
advertisement and all these costs. So at what level do we see this operating leverage to play 
out for us because till now, you know we are at a very wafer-thin sort of profitability. So when do 
we see operating leverage coming in, which year and at what total revenue scale? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
So, as I said that last two quarters rather three quarters, we were investing in technology. Our 
tech expenditures increased multifold and same was in advertising marketing, and that's the 
reason there was a profitability impact. But I see I think that is more or less done and it could be 
more of a linear cost growth, and I think in next one to two quarter, we will see a linear, rather 
an exponential growth in profitability in this scale. So, the answer to your question is in next one 
to two quarters, we should see. 
 
Sarvesh Gupta   
 
So, another 20%, 30%, 40% growth from here would lead to cost not getting grown in the similar 
proportion? Are we at that level where we are saying that we are at a much higher fixed costs 
which will enable us to grow from here without any additional costs being incurred? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
We are more or less there. I'm not just putting exact number, but yeah, more or less what you're 
saying is right. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Transcript –   5Paisa Capital Ltd Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
-7- 
 
 
Sarvesh Gupta   
 
Okay, sir. Thank you and congratulations and all the best. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. So, the next question comes from Mr. Rishikesh Oza from Robo Capital. Please 
go ahead, sir. 
 
Rishikesh Oza   
 
Hi, sir. Sir, some original customers are still paying rupees 10 per trade, so do we plan to 
increase the broking rates some time in future to 20 rupees per trade? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
See, we changed our broking rate from Rs.10 to Rs. 20 from January 2020. It's been two years, 
but older customers continue to remain at 10 and we don't have any plans to make from Rs.10 
to Rs.20. Rather, one of our subscription plans even today offer a Rs.10 Rupee brokerage.  You 
know, if you pay a fixed charge of Rs.500 a month or a Rs.999 a month, we offer a 10 Rupee 
brokerage. So as of now there is no plans of increasing the brokerage from Rs.10 to Rs.20 and 
even Rs.20 beyond. 
 
Rishikesh Oza   
 
Okay, no problem. And regarding an earlier question, which earlier participant had just asked, 
so are we expecting the cost structure to stabilize at these levels? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
  
Yes. As I said that I'm not putting a number at what cost, but yeah, you're right, that the cost will 
stabilize at these levels and in the cost will not be anywhere close to increment in the revenues. 
So, that's what I'm expecting in the next few quarters to come. 
 
Rishikesh Oza   
 
Okay great. And sir, can you please provide any breakup on the Rs.36 crores of other 
expenditure and how do we expect this in FY23? 

 
 
 
 
Transcript –   5Paisa Capital Ltd Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
-8- 
 
 
Gourav Munjal   
 
Yes, mainly it is pertaining to our professional charges which is pertaining to the cost of 
acquisition of the customer. So, Rs.10 crores is the professional charges, and the second major 
cost is the IT cost, which is approximately Rs.14 crores in this and the others Rs.8 or Rs.9 
crores is the approximate related to the office, admin, exchange statutory charges, etc.  
 
Rishikesh Oza   
 
And how do we expect this in FY23?  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
So broadly, the tech cost as I said, will be more or less remaining same with 10%-15% kind of 
an increment over the year, around 15%-20% increment over a year, but rest of the costs you 
know will be more or less the same. 
 
Rishikesh Oza   
 
Okay, got it. Thank you.  
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. Next question from Mr. Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead, 
sir. 
 
Deepak Poddar   
Sir, I just wanted to dwell more on the cost side. Now, currently, I think this quarterly, we are 
currently at about maybe Rs.62 crores kind of a cost level, if I exclude the employee cost, and 
you did mention that you look to stabilize cost at these 4Q levels, with a marginal increase in our 
tech cost, so quarter and quarter a marginal 3% to 5% kind of cost growth will that be a kind of a 
fair range to kind of look at for us? 
 
Gourav Munjal   
 
As I said it is difficult to put a number in terms of 3% to 5% quarter, but yeah, the branding costs 
will be more or less stabilized, but acquisition costs, which is directly related to the customers 
will have a small increase there with the number of customers that we acquire. But apart from 

 
 
 
 
Transcript –   5Paisa Capital Ltd Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
-9- 
 
that most of the costs will remain the same. Employee costs at this quarter will have one-time 
impact because of the appraisal that we do in April, so that cost will have one-time impact, but 
then that will stabilize again. So broadly, it would be in the range of what you're seeing with 
maybe a small increase in acquisition cost with customer’s increases. 
 
Deepak Poddar   
 
Understood, fair enough. And what was the tech costs incurred, maybe last year?  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
So from last quarter as Gourav said it was around Rs.14 crores, but full it is somewhere in the 
range of Rs.42 to Rs.43 crores. 
 
Deepak Poddar   
 
And there we see 15% to 20% increase right, YoY. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Yeah, YoY. 
 
Deepak Poddar   
 
Rs.40 to 43 crores, understood. And sir, on the revenue side, I think we have been maintaining 
that our revenue largely will track our client acquisition growth, right. Now, if I have to see last 
two, three quarters, our client acquisition or clients have grown at about CAGR of maybe 15 to 
20%, but our revenue has grown at 10 to 15% with some lag, so is that the run rate one is 
looking at in terms of the lag between the client growth and the revenue growth? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Yeah. See, our objective is always to have a revenue growth in line with our acquisition growth, 
but sometimes, you know, when you when you're out there in the market acquiring customers, 
sometimes the quality of the customer’s changes, creates a bit of lag. But, you know, our 
objective is that if it is a 15% growth in our customer base, our revenue should also be in the 
line of around 12%-13%, if not less than 10%. So, you know, we keep on tweaking that, but 
broadly with 2%-3% lag, we should be able to maintain that revenue growth and also customer 
base growth. 

 
 
 
 
Transcript –   5Paisa Capital Ltd Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
-10- 
 
 
 
Deepak Poddar   
 
Understood. With the lag of may be one quarter you said. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
Sorry. Lag of 3%, I said. Yeah, 2% to 3%. 
 
Deepak Poddar   
 
Yeah, understood. And my final query is on your client acquisition cost. Per client, I think our 
client acquisition costs currently stand about 720-730 rupees odd. So, do you expect it to 
reduce going forward as the scale kind of pick up for us? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Yes. See our last quarter acquisition cost was around Rs.767 and I see that maybe a 5% to 
10% kind of scope exists further downside, but now it won't happen immediately. It will take time 
because, you know, if you see the last quarter of last year and this quarter, then anyways a 
good decrease in the cost. So, from here on, I see a 5%-10%, but it will happen very slowly over 
three to four quarters. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Thank you very much. 
 
Deepak Poddar   
 
Understood. Fair enough. Yeah, that's about it. Yeah, all the very best, sir. Thank you very 
much. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. The next question from Mr. Sumit Jankar from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Sumit Jankar   
 

 
 
 
 
Transcript –   5Paisa Capital Ltd Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
-11- 
 
Thank you for providing me the opportunity. My question is in line with the previous question 
only. So, sir what is the payback period?  So you mentioned that client acquisition cost Rs.767. 
So what is the payback period for that, and my second question is when you mentioned that the 
derivatives turnover is in line with the market turnover. So, can I know what is current 
derivatives market share and the cash market share? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Yeah, so talking about your first question, the payback period is we maintain it around eight to 
nine months, so that is stable, right. On the derivatives side, we do almost close to Rs.1.2 lakh 
crore turnover and our market share in derivatives is stable at around 3% of the retail market 
share. 
 
Sumit Jankar   
 
Okay. Sir, and about the cash market share? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Cash market is also in the range of 3% to 3.5% market share. 
 
Sumit Jankar   
 
Okay, thank you sir. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Yeah, thank you. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. We have the next question from Mr. Deepak Sonawane from Haitong Securities. 
Please go ahead, sir.  
 
Deepak Sonawane   
 
Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Sir, I'm just looking at your cost of acquisition over the 
last three quarters and we could see that it is slightly stagnant, right. And even in Q4, the gross 

 
 
 
 
Transcript –   5Paisa Capital Ltd Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
-12- 
 
client acquisition was slightly lower compared to previous quarter, but the CAC was still around 
Rs.77 crores. So can you explain a bit about the stagnancy of the CAC? 
 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
So, I think there is some correction. You said Rs.76 crores, but that is actual number. So, our 
CAC per customer in Q4 is Rs.767. 
 
Deepak Sonawane   
 
Sorry, yeah. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
The same was Rs.769 rupees for last quarter. So our CAC reduced, which will have an impact 
on the overall cost of advertising and marketing, but the CAC has remained flat for the last two 
quarters from Rs.769 to Rs.767. 
 
Deepak Sonawane   
 
Yeah. That's my question like, why it is being stagnant? And I'll rephrase my question, what is 
the percentage of your tech costs in the CAC per customer? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Tech cost in CAC? 
 
Deepak Sonawane   
 
 Yeah. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Sorry, normally I don't see tech cost as part of CAC because CAC has three components that 
we normally look at, which is your marketing cost, which is spending for acquiring a lead, which 
is stands around Rs.572, and the balance Rs.195 is people cost and OPEX related cost related 
to acquisition. So, there is no dedicated tech towards acquisition. Our tech is basically our 
product, which is our mobile app, and all the integrations that we have done. So, that remained 

 
 
 
 
Transcript –   5Paisa Capital Ltd Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
-13- 
 
same for even acquired customer and being acquired customers. So, there's no bifurcation of 
the tech cost here.  
 
 
Deepak Sonawane   
 
All right, thank you. And my second question is regarding some other players, let's say some 
players are coming with plans that are kind of free with the charging onetime fee or else 
quarterly AMC. Do you see such kind of plans will persist or will disrupt the industry's current per 
trade rate or else those kinds of metric? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Yeah, these plans which are coming, I think it's more of packaging rather than disruption. I think 
the kind of costs which are now required to run a broking business with all the regulations and 
compliance changes has gone up. The capital requirement at the exchange level has gone up, 
the compliance requirements that have gone up. So, I don't see that there is any room for 
further disruption in cost, which is brokerage, or the rate of brokerage is concerned.  
 
Yes, there might be players and there might be competition who might come with some 
packages, which will look attractive, but at the end of the day, broadly, what they are going to 
take is the same amount of revenue that brokers like us are charging like 20 Rupees flat. I think 
it is more of packaging rather than disruption and I strongly feel that there is very less room for 
any reduction of cost from here on. 
 
Deepak Sonawane   
 
Okay. Thank you, sir. Thank you so much. 
 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. So the next question from Mr. Pranav Gala from I Wealth Management. Please 
go ahead, sir. 
 
Pranav Gala   
 
Hello, thank you for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
 

 
 
 
 
Transcript –   5Paisa Capital Ltd Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
-14- 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Yeah.  
 
Pranav Gala   
 
Sir. I was just seeing on our ad and marketing expense. So for the last three to four quarters, if I 
would see, it had been around 30% - 35% of our sales, right? And now, for the current quarter, it 
has come down to the 30% mark. So, how do we see this cost going forward? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
So as I said that, you know, earlier for the two quarters, i.e. in Q2 and Q3, we were investing in 
branding expenditures and also increasing our advertising funds, but now it is around that. But 
yes, so just for example, this quarter, we acquired around 3.5 lakh customers and if that number 
increases in the coming quarter, then that much proportion of cost will increase, but overall 
running expenditure will remain more or less the same that we had for last year. So, I don't see 
a much increment over there. 
 
Pranav Gala   
 
Okay, so it might be around 30% - 32% a mark of the sales, approximately. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Yeah. 
 
Pranav Gala   
 
So actually, on the client acquisition cost, which you had mentioned earlier, doesn’t that include 
the marketing and ad spend as well because that is how we will be acquiring clients? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
So, it includes all the expenditures which is marketing. The only expenditure which is not 
included here is our branding expenses, which are typically ad hoc, one-time kind of 
expenditure that is not included, but everything else is included here in CAC.  
 
Pranav Gala   

 
 
 
 
Transcript –   5Paisa Capital Ltd Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
-15- 
 
 
Okay, sir. The Rs.26 crore ad and marketing is the branding expense and not the client 
acquisition expense? 
 
Gourav Munjal   
 
So, just to add in line out of Rs.26 crores, Rs.20 crores in related to the CAC and Rs.5 crores 
related to the branding. So, if you multiply our CAC with the number of acquisitions it is Rs.20 
crores, which is included in total Rs.26 crores. 
 
Pranav Gala   
 
Okay, got it. Okay sir, that's it. Thank you. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator 
   
The question comes from Sumit Jankar from Motilal Oswal Financial Services.  Please go 
ahead. 
 
Sumit Jankar   
 
Yeah, thank you for providing the opportunity. So, I want to know, what is the cost income ratio 
for the Q4 and what is the cross-sell-client penetration or the product per client? 
 
Gourav Munjal   
 
So, I can tell overall ratio which is 68% is our gross margin and 5% is that net profit ratio. So 
overall, our fixed cost ratio is coming for this quarter is 61% approximately. 
 
Sumit Jankar   
 
Okay. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 

 
 
 
 
Transcript –   5Paisa Capital Ltd Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
-16- 
 
Yeah, cross-sell broad penetration would be around 1.07- 1.1, around that for product per 
customer. 
 
Sumit Jankar   
 
Okay, thank you. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. The question comes from Ms. Kajal Gandhi from I Sec. Please go ahead, 
madam. 
 
Kajal Gandhi   
 
Yeah, hi. I wanted to ask any reason for activation rate being on the higher side this time with 
the active client growing faster. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Okay. So, you know, and that too not just this quarter, but every quarter, what we do is we run 
activities on older customer to activate them. So, you know, we nudge them through, sending 
out the portfolio related notifications and communications regarding our products, so these 
nudges that we run, you know, activate the customer. So, some of these activities have worked 
well in this quarter and that's the reason you see a bit of good growth in the active client as 
compared to last quarter. 
 
Kajal Gandhi   
 
Sir, any focus on P2P right now or that is right now is not in any focus? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Right now, we are focusing only on our broking and related business. For P2P, currently no. It's 
on auto mode. Right now, it's not a part of our strategy to go aggressive on P2P. 
 

 
 
 
 
Transcript –   5Paisa Capital Ltd Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
-17- 
 
Kajal Gandhi   
 
Okay, sir. Thank you very much. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your 
telephone keypad. As there are no further questions, I would like to hand over the floor to the 
management for closing comments. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Thank you very much for joining this conference. If you have any questions apart from this, you 
can reach out to us on ir@5paisa.com and we will be more than happy to answer your question. 
Thank you very much and have a great day ahead. 
 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of 5Paisa Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for your 
participation and for using our Conference call service. You may all disconnect your lines now. 
Thank you and have a good day everyone. 
 
 
 
