 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
A Joint Venture with abrdn Investment Management Limited 
CIN: L65991MH1999PLC123027 
Registered Office :"HDFC House", 2ndFloor, H.T. Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai-400 020 
Tel.: 022 - 6631 6333 Fax: 022 - 6658 0203 Website: www.hdfcfund.com email: shareholders.relations@hdfcfund.com 
Ref/No/HDFCAMC/SE/2022-23/13                                                                            Date – May 04, 2022  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Kind Attn: Head – Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Sir PJ Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
 
Kind Attn: Sr. General Manager – DCS Listing 
Department  
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call  
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2022, 
conducted after the meeting of the Board of Directors on April 27, 2022 which can also be accessed on the 
website of the Company at: https://www.hdfcfund.com/about-us/financial/shareholders-presentation 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sylvia Furtado 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
SLYVIA 
GREGORY 
FURTADO
Digitally signed by SLYVIA GREGORY 
FURTADO 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=0132, 
pseudonym=d888f2fb059bed0c8f40d1
35908f84db5b634a4f69c28f4186c28e1
ea6b93c0b, postalCode=400103, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=c657741e7c20647b09c1
9a36b505d108588ea658a47cf934129c
d9fc4d51aa71, cn=SLYVIA GREGORY 
FURTADO 
Date: 2022.05.04 18:33:15 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 28 
 
 
“HDFC Asset Management Company Limited Q4 FY-
22 and FY-22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAVNEET MUNOT – MANAGING DIRECTOR (MD) 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER (CEO) 
MR. NAOZAD SIRWALLA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. SIMAL KANUGA - CHIEF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
OFFICER 
 
 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 28 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentleman, good day and welcome to Q4 FY22 and FY22 
Earnings Conference Call of HDFC Asset Management Company Ltd. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
From the Management Team, we have a Mr. Navneet Munot – MD and 
CEO, Mr. Naozad Sirwalla – Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Simal 
Kanuga – Chief Investor Relations Officer. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Simal Kanuga. Thank you, and over to you, sir 
Simal Kanuga: 
Thanks. Good evening and thank you so much, everyone for attending 
this call. As always, we’ll start off with a quick update on what all is 
happening at this end and take questions from thereon. The presentation 
is available on our website, as well as that of the exchanges. 
Firstly, on the industry: 
Equity net sales number for the financial year is Rs. 2.68 trillion and is 
Rs. 968 billion for the last quarter. One caveat here, Rs. 2.68 trillion 
includes Rs. 448 billion index funds and Rs. 968 billion includes Rs. 230 
billion of index funds. As yet, AMFI publishes one single number when 
it comes to index funds. By one single number, I mean index funds 
include funds tracking equity indices, as well as debt indices. AUM of 
all debt index funds add up to Rs. 276 billion as of 31st March 2022. The 
corresponding number as of 31st March, 2021 was Rs. 8.8 billion. 
On QAAUM basis, industry growth this year has been backed by equity, 
both flows as well as mark-to-market. ETF, again, both flows as well as 
mark-to-market. Liquid funds have grown by 10-11%, while debt has 
lost Rs. 0.8 trillion, 7-8% of the AUM. In anticipation of rates moving 
higher and some bit of corporate expenditure, both capital and otherwise 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 28 
on table, large corporates have taken some money off the debt funds. To 
get a fair picture of the debt fund flows, we need to also factor in the 
flows into debt ETF and debt index funds. As mentioned earlier, net flow 
data for debt index funds is classified into index funds while debt ETF 
into ETF. So, let us just look at the AUM for both these set of funds as 
of 31st March, 2021 and 31st March 2022. It was Rs. 383 billion in March 
of 2021, which has grown to Rs. 833 billion, an increase of Rs. 451 
billion.  
SIP flows, we would request you to look at numbers for the quarter, that 
is flows in January, February, and March. It was Rs. 353 billion as 
compared to Rs. 328 billion for quarter October to December 2021. 
When you look at quarterly numbers, it smoothens out the impact of last 
working day being a holiday or for that matter a shorter month like 
February. 
I now get onto us: 
Our total market share in QA AUM is at 11.3% and the same excluding 
ETF is at 12.5%. Our systematic transactions for the month of March 
added up to Rs. 12.3 billion across 3.6 million transactions. Systematic 
transactions for us includes both SIPs, as well as STPs. Systematic flows 
for us for the quarter that is January, February, and March was Rs. 35.6 
billion. We have set for ourselves an audacious vision to be the most 
respected asset manager in the world, and the mission is to be the wealth 
creator for every Indian. The tone across the organization is constant. 
Everybody, and by everybody, I mean every single employee is working 
with one vision, one mission. You will hear more on this in our annual 
report.  
There are multiple factors, which would aid in taking up a step further 
towards our audacious vision. Maybe for this time, I would like to 
definitely expand on two or three of them.  

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 28 
Firstly, we’ve been asked about our performance or actually lack of 
performance. We’ve been saying the same thing that our investment 
style has worked over long periods of time, and there are periods in 
between when it does test our patience. Easier said than done, but our 
Investment Team stuck to their convention and we are now seeing 
rewards of the same. In key categories like Flexi Cap, Large Cap, Large 
and Mid-cap, Focused, Balanced advantage, Hybrid equity aggressive, 
or Hybrid equity conservative, etc., our funds are in top decile/ top 
quartile in 1 to 5 years period, albeit some funds might not be in a 
specific say a 3 or a 4-year period, but I’m sure you get what I’m trying 
to state here. The numbers are in public domain and you all anyways 
track it as closely as we do. 
Secondly, we have further enhanced engagement with our partners. 
We’ve expanded our training team and also increased level of 
centralized communication. We’ve engaged multiple external trainers 
too who get altogether different perspective when it comes to partner, or 
for that matter, even client engagement.  
We have, in past, spoken about expanding our product range. In terms 
of thematic/ sectoral funds, we have filed for 4 products with the 
regulator. We have filed for an MNC fund, Business Cycle Fund, 
Defense Fund, and Non-Cyclical consumption fund.  
On back of our success in the Developed World Indexes Fund of Funds, 
we have filed for a fund that will track the MSCI Emerging Market 
Index. These two funds put together should give domestic investors an 
optimal solution to get global exposure.  
We’ll be further expanding our product bouquet on the passive side. We 
already have a large number of passive funds and in fact have started 
publishing a dedicated monthly fact sheet on our passive solutions. The 
same is available on our website and would request for a feedback on 
the same.  

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 28 
We hope to file a category II AIF PPM with the regulator during the 
course of this week. It would be fund of funds investing across the entire 
spectrum right from the early feed stage to late stage. Our team is also 
working on filing for a category III AIF. We’ll update you as we 
progress further on this front.  
As we mentioned on the last call, we have hired a new resource for 
managing our PMS. We’ve already started speaking about this service 
and hope to see some traction over the next few quarters.  
We are awaiting regulatory approvals for setting up a wholly owned 
subsidiary in GIFT city. We hope to build on our international business 
and subsidiary in GIFT city would be a big help.  
Lastly, before I move to financials, let me talk about digital trends. Well 
over 75% of the transactions we have done have been executed digitally. 
We now have over 1.3 million users on our investor portal and have 
added 350,000 in FY22 without drop in engagement levels. Our app is 
now rated above 4, both on iOS, as well as on android. Our digital 
nudges have resulted in reduction of redemption to the extent of 2.5% 
and on the other hand, our analytics-based campaigns have been 2.5x 
more effective conversion rates. Connekt, which is a new-age digital 
marketing app for our partners to help leverage the power of digital 
marketing, has seen a substantial growth of 2x in its user base last year 
and active weekly engagement rate of over 50%. We have 48,000+ 
registered partners on our website with active engagement rate, again, 
of 34%.  
Now, move to financials: 
The profit after tax for the year ended March 2022 grew by 5% to Rs. 
13.93 billion or Rs. 1,393 crores. Revenue from operations grew by 14% 
while operating profit from core Asset Management Business grew by 
10%. 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 28 
The employee benefit expense for year ended March 2022 stood at Rs. 
3,122 million as against Rs. 2,268 million, an increase of 38%. Rs. 3,122 
million includes Rs. 633 million of non-cash charge towards amortized 
cost of outstanding employee stock options. The corresponding number 
in the previous year was Rs. 73 million. Ex this non-cash charge, 
employee cost has increased by Rs. 294 million or 13.4%. 
Operating profit from core Asset Management Business excluding non-
cash charge towards amortized cost of outstanding employee stock 
options grew by 14% from Rs. 14,069 million to Rs. 16,008 million.  
In terms of other expenses, we have seen an increase of 27%. This can 
be attributed to low base effect due to lockdown during the large part of 
the previous financial year coupled with expenses that we have incurred 
for our NFO launches, as well as other regular business promotions in 
current year. 
We have an optimistic view on our business and would not want to shy 
away from these expenses, which in our opinion, would lead to future 
growth. We are also investing further into technology and digital 
infrastructure, of course, in a calibrated manner. For the quarter ended 
March 2022, profit after tax grew by 9% to Rs. 3,435 million, as 
compared to Rs. 3,159 million for the quarter ended March 2021. 
Finally, our board earlier today has approved a dividend of Rs. 42 per 
share as against Rs. 34 per share last year, which of course is subject to 
shareholders’ approval. At Rs. 42 per share, it translates into a dividend 
payout ratio of 64%.  
Thank you, once again, for joining the call. Navneet, Naozad, and I are 
very much available for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Ravi Naredi from Naredi 
investments. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 28 
Ravi Naredi: 
My request, give at least one hour time to study results and then you start 
con-call so we can discuss everything. Before 2 minutes, you have 
posted investor highlight and now you are making con-call, so how is it 
possible to make the question and ask you, first. Second, we have two 
main intelligent persons of mutual fund industry, Mr. Prashant Jain and 
Navneet Munot and in spite we do not make any growth in AUM and 
growth in company. Where we are weak? Will you elaborate your 
working? Thank you. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Sir, I appreciate the feedback. Our board meeting got extended slightly 
longer. We would take care of this in future. Of course, there are 
challenges, we are trying to meet the deadline for the investors sitting 
on the South Eastern Asia part of the world. So, for them it gets bit 
delayed if we start the call later, but the feedback taken and hopefully 
next time, we will take that into account.  
Navneet Munot: 
If I can add, on the growth side, you are absolutely right that over the 
last couple of quarters, we have seen a bit of decline in our market share. 
As we have been mentioning over the last several calls that significant 
efforts have been made to stop the fall in market share and we are quite 
hopeful that with everything we have done including improving 
performance, new product launches over the last year (we have done 8 
NFO’s, this would be more than what we would have done over the last 
few years), significantly enhanced marketing efforts, engagement with 
our distributors, several of the digital initiatives that Simal talked about, 
also enhancing the customer service and a lot of new initiatives that we 
have taken, we’re pretty sure that over the next several quarters, we 
should start seeing better market share. But, a bigger thing what Simal 
touched upon briefly is about our vision, as well as mission. The mission 
we have set for ourselves is to be the wealth creator for every Indian. 
Over the last 20-21 years, I think we have created a great franchise in 
the Asset Management Business, which has scale, which has quality and 
which has high profitability. Mutual fund industry, of course, has scaled 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 28 
new highs this year. We have almost 37-38 lakh crore of overall AUM. 
The number of folios has reached almost 13 crore whether you look at 
equity, fixed income, money market. I mean, industry has done well, but 
still if you look at unique accounts, there are only a little over 3 crore 
investors, in fact, a good number of them have got added only in the last 
12 months. We believe over the next several years, industry is posed for 
multifold growth and the franchise that we have built with our people, 
with our processes, with the pedigree that we have, with the presence, 
both on the physical side, as well as on the digital side, with our platform 
that we have built, I think the relationship we enjoy with all the partners, 
I think with all of that over a period of time,  we believe that we would 
not only be having a higher market share compared to where we are, but 
we will also contribute a lot to the industry to expand its footprint to 
increase its reach across every nook and corner of the country. In last 
one year just like we would have done over the last several years, we are 
making significant effort not only for our growth, but overall industry 
growth, particularly on the investor awareness, etc. the significant 
campaigns you would have also noticed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain 
from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just wanted to check firstly on the integration or the merger between 
HDFC Limited and HDFC Bank. How do you see that helping the 
business going ahead over the over the medium to longer term, and 
secondly, I would appreciate your thoughts on overall expenses wherein 
how does HDFC AMC’s expenses pan out? Earlier you guided for 
around 12-13 basis points of AUM to be there in terms of cost that would 
stay. Those would be my first two questions. 
Navneet Munot: 
So, your first question on the impact of HDFC/HDFC Bank merger on 
HDFC AMC. So, the merger announcement stated that upon this scheme 
becoming effective, the subsidiaries and associates of HDFC Limited 
will become subsidiaries and associates of HDFC Bank. This will 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 28 
facilitate more efficient cross-selling of banking and financial services 
products that includes insurance and mutual funds. I am sure you have 
heard Keki Mistry on the analyst call. It mentioned that the Bank has 
also requested RBI to permit the Bank to hold equity in the subsidiaries 
and associate companies of HDFC Limited. These requests are under 
consideration by RBI in terms of the letter they have sent dated April 1. 
So, I think let us wait to hear further on this. Your second question was 
on the operating expenses. We have been guiding and have been around 
13 points, which has been the trend over the last several years and 
despite the fact that we spent more money on business promotion or 
marketing, the 8 NFO’s that I talked about that we had during the year 
and of course slightly higher CSR expense. Despite all of that, we’ve 
been able to maintain that. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just one more on the alternate assets, it has been a few quarters that 
we’ve been speaking about the segment, could you give some more 
thoughts on as to how do you see these alternate assets growing going 
ahead and what kind of aspirations we have with respect to AUM size 
and contribution to profitability and revenue for the overall entity? 
Navneet Munot: 
We’ve been saying that we are a dominant player when it comes to 
active equity, active fixed income and money market. We want to be a 
relevant player, keeping the profitability aspect in mind on the passive 
side, but want to have the full product book and that’s why we launched 
a couple of products and we are launching more. The third, which is 
alternative business will also be important for us for future growth, more 
on the profitability side than the overall AUM, and we are doing multiple 
things on this front. Let me try and expand on that. I think Simal did 
cover some bit of it in his opening remarks. Firstly, on the PMS, as we 
mentioned in the last call, we’ve got a portfolio manager on the board. 
We’ve started talking of our services to key partners and clients. We’ve 
started seeing some interest and hope to grow in this space over the next 
few quarters. Secondly, on the category II AIF, we are filing PPM with 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 28 
SEBI soon. This would be a fund of funds investing into category I and 
category II AIF’s. Our team has already interacted with over 40 funds 
and are reaching out to more with several of them there would be second 
round of meetings or diligence going on. This should go live sometime 
in quarter 2 of the current financial year, of course, subject to all the 
regulatory and the other approvals. Thirdly, on the category III AIF, we 
hope to file PPM for this fund over the next few weeks and we’ll keep 
you posted on developments on this front. So, definitely see enhanced 
level of activity in the alternative space. We have it very much on our 
radar and look forward to building a state-of-the-art alternate business. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Alright, that’s pretty helpful. Just lastly if I can slip one more in. your 
thoughts on equity yields, they have been trending down for the entire 
industry. Do you see the intensity of this fall reducing going ahead or 
how do we see this yield movement over the next couple of years? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, I think the last call, we had addressed this issue in detail and I would 
like to request you to refer to the transcript. I remember giving a detailed 
answer with illustrative numbers to explain this drop in margin, but let 
me expand further. Let us keep the focus on the revenue margin that is 
what comes as revenue into the books of the AMC. The fall in this 
margin can be on account of two reasons and here I am talking mainly 
of equity-oriented funds margins. We haven't really seen any material 
change in margin on the non-equity side of the business. So, drop in TER 
one is due to increase in the AUM of the scheme. As you know, the 
sliding scale on the TER. So, back-of-the-envelope computation shows 
that 2-3 basis points drop on the entire AUM once it crosses Rs. 5,000 
crore in terms of multiple. To explain that better, when the fund AUM 
rises from Rs. 24,000 crore to Rs. 26,000 crore, say by market 
movement, the TER drops by 2-3 basis points on the overall AUM Rs. 
26,000 crore. So, as and when one or more of our larger funds go through 
this change, there is a visible impact in margins in terms of basis points. 
If you ask me, this is not a bad problem to have. Let me put it this way, 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 28 
I mean it is as per regulations. So, for example, we make let’s say 80 
basis points on Rs. 24,000 crore that is Rs. 192 crore and say margin 
drops to 77 basis points on Rs. 26,000 crore, we will make Rs. 200 crore. 
Further, this problem tends to even out to an extent over a period of time 
as we generally modify distribution cost on new flows in that particular 
product. It is neither desirable, nor practical to keep changing brokerages 
on existing assets as and when the fund’s AUM keeps moving up and 
down. So, further flows get aligned to our overall planned margins and 
with a lag, there is a catchup to an extent. But yes, there is a drop as and 
when we cross the hurdle as is defined by regulations. In terms of 
numbers during the year, due to strong markets, we saw a large part of 
our AUM cross this so-called hurdle. So, our largest product, Balanced 
Advantage, went up from a little over Rs. 39,000 crore to 43,000 crore, 
another product Flexi Cap went up from Rs. 23,000 odd crore to Rs. 
27,000 crore, so on and so forth. This I am telling you March 2021 
versus March 2022 and nearly 70-75% of our AUM would have crossed 
this kind of hurdle resulting in nearly 2-3 basis points drop in the overall 
margins in equity-oriented fund. The second is drop in net revenue due 
to increased brokerages and I talked about it in the last call that this is a 
challenge industry as a whole is grappling with. Further to what we 
mentioned in our last call, recent NFO’s have been priced much better. 
We are seeing competitive intensity in terms of distribution cost settling 
down to an extent. It's not going to be anywhere close to where we were 
a couple of years back, but are better off as compared to where we were 
in the first half of the financial year that went by. So, just to reiterate 
what we stated in last quarter, higher gross sales with not so good gross 
to net ratio is also a key reason for rapid drop in margins. So, gross sales 
in equity-oriented funds during the last 12 months have been nearly Rs. 
6 trillion on starting AUM of Rs. 13 trillion approximately and as against 
gross flows of Rs. 6 trillion, net flows were Rs. 2.7 trillion. So, honestly, 
I’m more excited with this kind of gross sales rather than getting 
bothered about short-term drop in margins. Indian households are 
quickly adapting to equity culture, which is very heartening. We are 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 28 
large savers of capital and over a period of time, as meaningful part of 
that finds its way into equity and equity oriented mutual funds, in 
particular. In last 18 months or so, we have seen huge interest in direct 
equity, Demat accounts, as you are aware, going from 4 crore to 8 crore. 
We are also seeing increased interest throughout SIPs and mutual funds 
as well. Over a period of time, we expect much bigger traction on that 
side. So, AUM can gallop multiple times over the coming years and 
that’s the big picture I don't want my team or me to take eyes off from. 
We discussed it last time in last two calls that in April 2014, the industry 
AUM of equity was around Rs. 2 trillion and now we are well over Rs. 
18 trillion. This is like 9 times in the last 8 years. So, this is something 
that you would want to keep your eyes on the potential where we can be 
as an industry.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Kunal Thanvi from Banyan 
Tree Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question was on the overall yields, 
if you look at the industry and HDFC AMC, a part of equity that Navneet 
just talked about, there’s a shift in the mix of the assets that’s happening 
around, which is passives are also becoming a decent size of the overall 
industry like in terms of growth, if you see the incremental growth has 
been higher on the passive side and there’s has been a lot of push like 
even if you look at our offerings, most of them would be towards 
passive. So, from a longer term perspective, how do we look at the yield 
or the profitability scenario of the AMC industry itself because back in 
the day, the best way to track the industry was on profits as a percentage 
of your AUM. However, with passives becoming larger as a percentage 
of the total AUM, that number will keep on shrinking, however, absolute 
profit may not. Any color on how should we think about it from the 
industry and HDFC AMC’s point of view? 
Navneet Munot: 
I think there will be growth in all three markets. You talked about the 
active funds. While of course passives are growing at a faster rate but 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 28 
there is tremendous potential, I would say, in India for active funds to 
grow as well, both in equity as well as on the fixed income side. Passive 
will grow as well over the next several years, of course, margins would 
be lower there while margins would be higher in active. The third piece, 
which we referred to in one of the questions earlier is the alternative. It 
will be like a low volume, but high margin business. Active, I would put 
as moderate margins and moderate growth, and passive would be like 
higher growth and lower margins. We want to build the scale and with 
profitability in all the three spaces, and I see tremendous growth 
opportunity in all three segments. If you look at blended, it will be a 
function of variety of things. Your mark-to-market gain versus the 
flows. It will be like, within the asset classes, what grows more, there 
could be periods where let’s say there is higher growth in fixed income 
and the money market versus equity or the other way around. So, it will 
be a factor of variety of things, but important aspect is, are we are we 
getting our right share in all these opportunities that will present. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure, and my second question was the side that if you look at the retail 
participation in India like last one-and-a-half years post COVID, it has 
done wonders both on the Demat side and lately on the equity flow side 
as well. So, how do we see in terms of sustainability because in the 
previous cycles, it has also had a fair share of cyclicity wherein after 
making a peak, there is a pause for a while before the next cycle picks 
up. How do we see from an AMC industry point of view in terms of 
retail participation with the market where it is and where it’s headed with 
a lot of uncertainty? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, I think all the efforts made by the industry, policy makers, our 
partners, media, everybody put together in terms of the investor 
awareness, that has got created that mutual funds from a long-term 
savings perspective is one of the best avenues. I think the most 
heartening feature in our flows has been the growth in SIP, both in terms 
of number of accounts as well as the amount that we have been seeing 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 28 
month after month. Over the last several years, we have seen a variety 
of reasons that led to heightened volatility, but still that number has 
consistently been increasing. So, of course, there is a cyclical aspect. 
You would see the market’s ups and downs impacting the flows into 
equity and just like I mentioned about the other asset classes as well. 
But, there is a structural aspect, which is a lot more important for us to 
keep an eye on. As an economy of $3 trillion growing at the nominal 
GDP rate, look at the household savings rate, which has fallen in last 
several years, but we expect as the job creation comes back, income 
growth comes back over the next several years to go up, along with that 
the household savings rate. A larger and larger proportion of that comes 
into the financial assets and mutual funds would be a beneficiary of that. 
As I mentioned earlier that we’ve also seen significant increase in the 
investors going for the direct equities, but we have seen those cycles 
before. I think mutual funds, as a product, is definitely a superior product 
for most of the retail investors, most of the individual investors, and I 
see tremendous growth potential for a long time. In between, there 
would be some cyclical aspect as well, which will impact flows a little 
bit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Mukherjee, 
individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Amit Mukherjee: 
I would really like to congratulate Mr. Navneet because as a customer, 
as an investor, I can see the difference in terms of fund performance and 
also in terms of bouquet that you are offering. As I mentioned to you last 
time in one of my calls that 90% of my investment I keep in HDFC 
AMC, but there is one specific element that I want to highlight to you 
and I really felt that I should tell this experience to you so that you know 
why the growth is not happening. Around 2020, during the initial phase 
of COVID, on 23rd March, I invested in multiple small cap mutual funds 
and last year in September, I booked my profit and the profit was big 
enough to invest in an AIF fund, that was the size of the profit. Being an 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 28 
ordinary investor, I immediately called my HDFC AMC branch and I 
told the branch executive that this is the kind of funds I have. I want to 
invest in HDFC AMC. Please guide me to what should I do and the first 
reaction that I got from the branch executive, I won’t tell you the branch 
name because the purpose is not to highlight the branch or the person, I 
am highlighting the process. I called the branch executive and the branch 
executive gave a very lukewarm response and forwarded me a 70 slide 
PPT and told me this is the kind of funds that HDFC AMC offers, you 
can select whichever you want. So, I told her that okay, please guide me, 
which one should I choose considering the market situation. Then, there 
was no response. I said may be the branch executive is not responsible 
for sales, branch executive is not responsible for cross-selling, I thought 
let me call the branch manager and then I gave a call to the branch 
manager. The branch manager told me that sir my executive has already 
forwarded you the PPT. We can't offer you anything more because each 
individual is different. They have their own unique needs, so please 
select any one of the products and invest. After that, there was no 
interaction with the branch manager again. I then thought let me invest 
in HDFC Portfolio Management Services and then I called back again 
to the branch manager and I told the branch manager that couple of 
months or years back I had tried to contact Portfolio Management 
Service, pms@hdfcmutualfund, but they just sent me a PPT and after 
that nobody contacted me. So, can you please help me to connect with 
the portfolio management team? The branch manager told me that sir 
your portfolio is so big in this city that nobody is having such kind of a 
portfolio. We have small investors and we don't deal in portfolio 
management service from our branch. I said okay then please connect 
me to someone in Bombay with whom I can talk and he said that okay 
sir I will figure that out and I will let you know. After that, even the 
branch manager never contacted me. So, then I understood, even the 
branch manager is not responsible for sales. Branch manager is not 
responsible for cross-selling. Anyway, I had all that fund. I invested it 
in the bond fund or the debt fund and I started searching where should I 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 28 
invest this amount and then after a few weeks I, again, called the branch 
manager. I took out that money. I thought let me invest in some other 
options while I was searching and I called the branch manager, again, 
and I asked him. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Sir, if I might just intervene, what we will do is somebody senior from 
our end will reach out to you, in the interest of time. 
Amit Mukherjee: 
I completely agree, but I wanted to highlight it to the senior most 
management so that you know. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you so much for your feedback and we really appreciate your 
trust. 
Amit Mukherjee: 
Sales and cross-selling I think you should make it as a key important 
KPI for your branch and institute. That’s my request. Otherwise, I am 
very happy with other things that have happened. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you for the feedback and I will ensure that somebody gets in 
touch with you. 
Amit Mukherjee: 
Thank you so much. This is the only thing that I wanted to highlight to 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Picha from 
Multi-Act Equity Consultancy. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Picha: 
This is Rahul Picha here. Thanks for the opportunity. I wanted to get 
some insights on the yield side. A little while back you spoke about the 
gap between gross flows and net flows and the pressure on yields that is 
coming because of that. So, I just wanted to understand if the current 
trends persist and gross flows continue to be higher and while the net 
flows, after considering outflows, continue to be at the similar rate at 
which they are, in how many quarters like in 2 quarters, 4 quarters or 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 28 
may be a couple of years, in exactly what kind of a timeframe do we 
expect the yields to stabilize? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Actually, it is very difficult for us to give a number to this because of 
the very fact the entire outflows that do happen, they don't happen on a 
FIFO basis as you know. We have tried estimating this, but we have 
never got that right. But, look at it this way, the industry size was there 
just about Rs. 13 lakh crore at the start of the year, we are at Rs. 18-19 
lakh crore and of that Rs. 18-19 lakh crore, just take out the impact that 
is from mark-to-market. The balance entire gross flows that have 
happened, which has resulted in increase of AUM has happened at a 
margin, which is definitely thinner. So, over a period of time, as and 
when the entire book gets replaced, and as I started off with, very 
difficult to kind of give a timeframe to that, but once the entire book gets 
replaced, the margin will stabilize. But it is not something that would 
happen in next 2-3 years. It would happen over a long fairly long period 
of time because what tends to happen, as you would appreciate, is 
basically the AUM keeps rising. So, for example, today industry’s AUM 
is at Rs. 19 lakh crore, let’s assume that the markets go up by 10%. 
Another Rs. 2 lakh crore will get added to the number and that Rs. 2 lakh 
crore would give me the same amount of margin as what is on the 
existing book. So, these kinds of dynamics come into play. So, very 
difficult to answer, but yes you pointed it out very right, if the gross sales 
are very large as a percentage of the AUM and the net sales are not that 
large that means that the AUM is getting replaced. So, the lower cost 
AUM is going out and the higher cost of AUM is coming in. 
Rahul Picha: 
Okay, and as a large part of that churn would have already happened 
because it would be front ended, do we expect the intensity of the fall to 
reduce going forward? 
Simal Kanuga: 
It theoretically should, but one really doesn't know. What can happen is 
if the churn is very fast, it might happen in the shortest period of time. 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 28 
If it happens at a slow pace, it might happen back-ended, but yes, you 
are right some part of that has already happened. 
Rahul Picha: 
Okay and one more question, if I look at the quarterly average AUM and 
the closing AUM, there seems to be a material gap in that in this quarter. 
So, can you explain the difference and exactly what segment like debt 
or liquid funds which, is leading to that drop in the closing AUM? 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes, that’s right. That’s on the debt and liquid side and we see some of 
that several times in the last quarter of the year in the month of March. 
There could be significant outflows from some of the corporate 
investors. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajay Ramanathan from 
Informist Media. Please go ahead. 
Ajay Ramanathan: I just had one question. So, recently we have all seen the market being 
very hyped up for LIC’s IPO. Now given that recent reports have 
mentioned that LIC itself has increased its stake in HDFC. So, I just 
want to know will HDFC return the favor and look to invest in the 
coming IPO? What are your plans going forward in that regard? 
Navneet Munot: 
I can’t comment on what our investment team will be doing. The 
investments don’t get decided based on who are the shareholders. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from 
Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Three questions from my side. The first one is if you can give some color 
on the share of equity flow that came in through the direct channel, not 
trying to understand how much of gross equity flows for the year, but 
for the direct channel. The second is, while we don’t get the absolute 
gross flow number company wise, if I see your market share in unique 
investors over the past 8 quarters, that has come down to around 17% 
from almost 26-27%. So, just wanted to get some color on how the 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 28 
overall acquisitions work, new customer acquisition who are new to 
HDFC AMC and what is your strategy around it? The third, you have 
mentioned that investment in digital capabilities will continue to remain 
at the current trend and also you plan to have a greater number of NFO’s 
and also on the AIF side, you are trying to come up with certain funds. 
So, how should really think one build in the cost numbers from here 
onwards? That’s all.  
Navneet Munot: 
So, first on the color on the share of flows. As you are aware, we don’t 
give granular details on the flows beyond what has been published, but 
in terms of the share between direct and distribution or some of those 
matrices won’t have changed much if that was the question. On the share 
in unique customers’ market shares, so unique investors as identified by 
PAN have grown to 33.7 million in March 2022 as against 22.8 million 
in March 2021. This means that industry has added almost 10.9 million 
new investors, which is a growth of shade below 50%. This is a very-
very significant growth this year. During the same period, we have 
grown from 5.3 million to 5.8 million. We obviously went ahead and did 
a deep dive on this data. So, our broad estimates state that more than half 
of these are investors, who have invested only in ETF’s say through 
Fintech platforms or some of the broking platforms. We obviously need 
to address this market where our presence has been relatively less. 
Keeping this in perspective, we have filed and have got approval to 
launch 9 more ETF’s. In today's board meeting, we've got approval for 
3 more and these documents will be filed with SEBI over the next few 
days. So, all in all, we will have 12 ETF’s and our product team is 
working on expanding this range further, but that’s on the product 
launches side having a full product bouquet, but also we are doing 
variety of other things in terms of increased engagement at all levels, as 
well as some of the other efforts in terms of marketing, in terms of 
creating a separate brand, which we are calling it HDFC MF Index 
Solutions. In case you have not seen, we have a separate fact sheet for 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 28 
our passive funds and taking a lot of other efforts to have higher share 
in the ETF market as well. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
The third question was on the cost side given that you will be coming 
out with a lot of new funds and investing in some of the digital 
capabilities, how should one think of the ex-ESOP cost numbers? 
Navneet Munot: 
What I mentioned earlier that around 12-13 basis points of the AUM that 
we have been able to maintain over the last several years, we would try 
our best to keep there. Of course, with the new product launches, 
business promotion, marketing, technology, building our digital assets 
further, all of those will be the areas where we will be spending more. 
There is basically our bullish view on the growth of this industry, but we 
will keep a tight lid on the overall cost side. I have always mentioned 
that frugality is something that is very much ingrained in our culture, but 
at the same time, neither in the past nor in the future we have or will step 
back from investing in growth of our business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devesh Agarwal from 
IIFL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
The first question is I just wanted to understand, you did highlight that 
the performance of the scheme is improving on equity side. So, 
historically what has been your experience in terms of lag in getting new 
flows on the basis of improved fund performance? 
Navneet Munot: 
It takes a couple of quarters for the world at large to start noticing it. 
Also, depends on the engagement, the product approvals that happen 
when it comes to channels like banking or the national distributors. For 
most of the other partners as well as investors, this takes a little bit of 
time to recognize that. But I think we are clearly getting your feedback 
from the partners, from investors, from my own sales team that I think 
everybody is recognizing the sharp rebound that we have in our equity 
performance and that's across the board, across most of our products, 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 28 
they are looking pretty good across all time periods and everybody 
recognizes that. I think incrementally in the new flows; the share should 
improve over a period of time. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Okay, has over the last 3-4 months, the share in the net flows or the gross 
flows have seen an improvement and probably have surpassed the share 
in the AUM? 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes, so there are green shoots, which are very much visible. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Okay, and sir on the liquid side, we have been losing market share, 
equity I understand, liquid are there any particular reasons for losing 
market share? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, a couple of years back, we used to be more like 7-8%, single digit 
market share that jumped to almost 20% in FY20 and then FY21. Also, 
I think the overall risk-off environment given the overall environment 
in the money market, money moves to safe haven and to the fund houses 
like us. Over a period of time, as the risk appetite comes back and also 
the money gets distributed to other AMC’s as well, the other aspect is 
that lot of these investors, their own funding need would have led to 
redemptions as well. If I remember correctly, in the last couple of calls, 
I would have mentioned that our market share of like 18-20% may not 
be sustainable in a product like liquid. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Right, and sir if we come to your strategy, basically how do you think 
about your AUM growth? The strategies that you plan, is it more on the 
market share basis or an absolute growth basis? 
Navneet Munot: 
No, of course, both as I mentioned that our mission is to be the wealth 
creator for every Indian. There are only 3 crore investors in India who 
have invested in mutual funds and we talked about it a few minutes back. 
We believe this number is going to go up very substantially. Overall, as 
the economy grows, within that savings grow, within that higher 
proportion comes to financial assets and within that higher comes to 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 28 
mutual funds and within that we would aspire to have a higher and 
higher share of HDFC Mutual Fund. We believe we have the pedigree, 
we have people, we have processes, we have presence, we have the 
platform, we have the partnerships, and I think we are very-very, I would 
say, on a missionary zeal to not only grow our share, but also grow the 
overall pie of the industry over the next several years.  
Devesh Agarwal: 
Perfect sir. One last bookkeeping question. I see that the tax rate for the 
quarter has been lower. Is there any adjustment that has happened in the 
last quarter? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
No. It’s not material. The effective tax rate remains pretty much the 
same and largely it’s slightly higher because of ESOP cost not 
necessarily being a tax adjustable item, but otherwise it’s pretty much in 
line.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Jain from 
Citigroup. Please go ahead.  
Aditya Jain: 
Wanted to confirm on the movement in other OPEX, the 57 crore to 50 
crore decline QoQ, this is largely going away of NFO expenses or is 
there something else also happening there? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Yes, largely, that’s the cause because of NFO and business promotions 
being lower in the last quarter.  
Aditya Jain: 
And then if you could just talk about the GIFT city subsidiary. What 
exactly is it intended to achieve, would you expect it to result in better 
asset mobilization or maybe lower fee payout or broadly maybe the 
business plan around why that is being done? 
Navneet Munot: 
That would be our vehicle to attract more global money into India 
through the GIFT city and of course over a period of time, there could 
also be an opportunity to mobilize Indian savings through LRS into the 
global products. 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 23 of 28 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from 
Carnelian Asset Management. Please go ahead.  
Kunal Shah: 
You had answered these questions in bits and pieces, but more from the 
industry perspective, there are quite a few challenges. It is becoming 
difficult to beat the benchmark. Passive is getting a lot of traction. Even 
direct schemes are growing. Also, there is quite some competition from 
alternatives, PMS, AIF and lastly also the direct equity culture, which 
we are seeing with the number of Demat accounts that have been 
opening up. So, looking at all of these challenges, what are your thoughts 
for the industry per se? I do understand quite a few under penetration 
still there, but looking at all of the challenges for the AMC industry per 
se, yields getting challenged is one part obviously, but also the absolute 
profitability growth historically what we have seen could be under 
challenge going forward because of all of these concerns? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, I would look at all that you listed both as challenge as well as an 
opportunity. You have mentioned about the rise of passive but that is 
also be an opportunity. We're expanding our product bouquet. People 
who are interested in just meeting the market through a passive product, 
will have our offering. Of course, margins would be lower there, I but 
still see a tremendous potential for growth of active funds in India. Our 
view on active is very well known. We are big believers of active 
management and our view is that in India, still there is material alpha on 
offer. We need to get our communication right on this front. I remember 
a year back, people talking about last several years, mutual funds have 
not generated alpha and in future, are we only going to see passive funds 
selling. Look at the alpha most of our equity funds, almost all, have 
generated in last 1 year, just when people wrote off active managers. 
The one thing that we need to get the communication right that alpha is 
not something that can be achieved on a daily or annual basis. Our funds 
have generated alpha over medium to longer period of time and I would 
not mind sticking my neck out and stating that this is something we 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 24 of 28 
believe we will be able to achieve in future as well. If one believes in 
wider participation by companies in terms of growth, active 
management should be their choice and vice versa. We are of the opinion 
that broad markets, over a period of time, will outperform and this makes 
a strong case for active products. So, we believe that we have the right 
capability in place, we have the resources in place, right people and 
processes in place to fully take advantage of the alpha opportunity. You 
talked about the challenges on the alternative side, but again I would say 
that’s an opportunity as well and earlier I talked about what we are 
planning to do on the PMS front, on the AIF front, both category II and 
category III. You talked about the number of Demat accounts that are 
getting opened up. So, people investing directly versus coming through 
the mutual fund. Again, I would look at both as a challenge as well as 
opportunity. Challenge in terms of if people find that investing on their 
own delivers better results, but I think if some of the recent studies are 
anything to go by, clearly shows that large number of investors don't 
have a very good experience or a happy experience of investing on their 
own. I think professional fund managers add lot of value and I strongly 
believe that a good number of those investors would convert themselves 
into investing through mutual funds. In fact, if you see the growth of the 
SIP, there is also a reflection of like several of these investors while they 
may be trading on their own are also looking at investing in a systematic 
or a more disciplined manner. I think these were the things you talked 
about as challenges, but I think I would look at them as the opportunities. 
As I said that it depends on if you look at globally, margins have come 
down in this industry, a lot of consolidation has happened, but there are 
advantages on the scale side. If that happens, then obviously larger 
players like us with the resources that we have deployed in growing the 
business over a period of time would be better off and at the same time, 
the higher profit segments like alternatives, if we are able to build their 
franchise over a longer period the way we have built a great franchise 
on the mutual fund side, I am sure we will be able to reap the benefits 
on that side as well. 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 25 of 28 
Kunal Shah: 
Sir, would you like to share your thoughts basically on the absolute 
profit growth or operating profit growth, historically what we have seen 
kind of tapering down now going ahead with all the opportunities and 
challenges that we talked about, any thoughts on that absolute 
profitability growth perspective? 
Navneet Munot: 
In a way, you are right, in fact in the context of some other question on 
margin, I mentioned that look at the growth potential over the next 
several years where the AUM’s can gallop many folds over the next 
decade or two decades and that’s a big picture one needs to focus on. I 
was looking at a large fund manager in U.S., Fidelity, in late seventies 
or Capital which had an AUM of like single digit in terms of billion 
dollars. So, Fidelity in mid-70’s or so were like $4-4.5 billion dollars 
and would be like $4.5 trillion dollars. It is gone up 1000x and U.S., the 
mutual fund industry in 70’s was like five decades old. It wasn't like a 
nascent industry or it wasn't like a startup. It was like five or six decades 
in existence with good participation and still you look at the growth over 
the next several years, I think something similar is likely to happen here 
and all the forces that led to that kind of growth in U.S. are very much 
in play when you look at India today. 
Kunal Shah: 
Fair enough, sir. Just one question if I may pull in, again, which you 
have answered in bits and pieces, but engagement with distributors. 
What actions are we taking out there to improve our engagement with 
distributors if you could help understand a little bit more because the 
feedback that we get is that there has been an increase in engagement 
for sure, but still some resentment, so just wanting to understand what 
actions we should look forward as far as engagement increase with 
distributors go, both national distributors and other distributors? 
Navneet Munot: 
You are absolutely right that engagement is very-very critical. 
Performance is one part, but in terms of engaging with all of them to 
explain our performance, to explain our philosophy, to explain our 
investment process, is very-very critical and I think given the large 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 26 of 28 
presence we have across the country with 228 branches and large 
number of people on the sales side, constantly do that. The number of 
calls that we have increased from our product team as well as from the 
fund management side. In fact, as we speak, on another call, Chirag is 
addressing several of our partners. On the content side, I think we have 
continuously been working to improvise our content that we share with 
our partners, as well as investors. On the digital support, there is a lot of 
work that has happened over the last several quarters in terms of 
amplifying the distribution. In his opening remarks, Simal mentioned 
about the distributor app that we have, another product called Connekt 
that we have, which helps them in amplifying their business and all of 
those efforts are very much on, which over a period of time given the 
strong partnership we have with our partners, should give us good 
results. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Thanvi from 
Banyan Tree Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
So, in the earlier part of your conversation, you had mentioned about the 
merger of HDFC Bank and Limited from a shareholder perspective. Can 
you also touch upon from the distribution perspective because now with 
HDFC Bank becoming the parent for HDFC AMC, how does it change 
the distribution or it remains the same? The reason I ask this question is 
if you look at the other competing banks led AMC’s, their parent would 
have very high share of distribution when we look at distribution 
whereas for HDFC Bank, number would be lower than the median of 
the industry and even very low compared to say a player like SBI. So, 
just wanted to understand on the distribution side, as a mutual fund 
company, do we stand to benefit out of this merger? Any qualitative data 
would help. 
Navneet Munot: 
I think you have mentioned about few other banks, I think, they either 
have a closed architecture or a very guided architecture. HDFC Bank 
has always believed in open architecture. Having said that, we’ve 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 27 of 28 
become part of an entity, which has a much wider network with a much 
bigger scale. So, we move from being a sibling of them to a parent-child 
relationship, and I hope that that gives us lot many more opportunities 
to look forward to. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure, and just if last, I can squeeze in. One of the key indicators for flow 
of market share has always been the SIP market share. There also we 
still are lagging compared to the market in terms of market share. Any 
thoughts, any early signs that you see on the SIP book, which of course 
would translate into the overall market share over the course of period? 
Navneet Munot: 
Kunal, you are absolutely right. If you look at the overall equity flows, 
a good part of that comes from the SIP and if the market share is lower 
on that side, that also impacts the overall market share. We are one of 
the pioneers of SIP in India, we were one of those fund houses who took 
huge amount of efforts to spread the word around SIP, to create the 
awareness of long-term investing, disciplined investing, power of 
compounding, which we have been beneficiary of creating the stable 
equity AUM. Having said that, surely, I think our market share has come 
off for a variety of reasons, which we may have discussed over of the 
last several calls, but all the efforts that we are making today and they 
are highly focused on gaining market share back in SIPs and we have 
huge potential there. The way we used to be several years back in terms 
of absolute leadership in SIP and where we are today, there is definitely 
a gap and we want to close that gap as early as possible. So, whether it’s 
the engagement with our partners, whether in terms of content, whether 
in terms of marketing, whether in terms of the new product launches or 
creating more awareness about our existing products, spreading the 
word around the bounce back in performance, every single thing that we 
need to do. I have made some references to all the digital efforts that we 
have been making whether in terms of what we are doing on our website 
or app, we believe we have all that's required very well in place and all 
the other efforts that we are making hopefully should result in better 

 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
April 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 28 of 28 
share in SIPs going forward. We don't want to be where we are today 
when we look at our share in incremental SIPs. I think we deserve a 
much higher share compared to where we are today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. In the interest of time, that was our last question. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Navneet Munot for 
closing comments. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you so much for being with us this evening. As I mentioned 
earlier that we have set a mission for ourselves, which is to be the wealth 
creator for every Indian and the vision that we have set for ourselves is 
to be the most respected asset manager in the world and each and every 
member of my team is highly committed to realize this mission and this 
vision over the next several years. Thank you so much for your support. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of HDFC Asset Management 
Company Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
