May 05, 2022 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Ref: - BSE - Scrip Code: 533150, Scrip ID - GODREJPROP 
BSE- Security Code - 959822 - Debt Segment 
NSE - GODREJPROP 
Sub: - Transcript of the conference call with the Investors/ Analysts 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Godrej Properties Limited 
Regd.Office: Godrej One, 
5th Floor, Pirojshanagar, 
Eastern Express Highway, 
Vikhroli (E), Mumbai- 400 079.India 
Tel.: +91-22-6169 8500 
Fax: +91-22-6169 8888 
Website: www .godrejproperties.com 
CIN: L74120MH1985PLC035308 
Please find attached transcript of the conference call organized with the Investors/ 
Analysts on Tuesday, May 03, 2022, post declaration of financial results for the 
quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2022. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thank you, 
Yours truly, 
For Godrej Properties Limited 
,\c-
Ashish Karyekar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: as above 

Moderator: 
Mit Shah: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
 I PROPERTIES
Godrej Properties Limited 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
May 03, 2022 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Earnings Conference 
Call of Godrej Properties Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "O" on your 
touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Mit Shah of CDR India. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Thank you. Good evening everyone and thank you for joining us on Godrej 
Properties Q4 FY '22 earnings conference call. We have with us, Mr. Pirojsha 
Godrej, Executive Chairman; Mr. Mohit Malhotra, Managing Director and 
CEO; and Mr. Rajendra Khetawat, the CFO of the company. We would like 
to begin the call with the brief opening remarks from the management 
following which we'll have the forum open for an interactive Q&A session. 
Before we begin, I'd like to point out that certain statements made in today's 
call maybe forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been 
included in the results presentation shared with you earlier. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Godrej Properties' 
fourth quarter financial year 2022 conference call. I'll begin by discussing the 
highlights of the quarter, and we then look forward to taking your suggestions 
and questions. I hope you and your families are all doing well. I'm happy to 
report that from an operational perspective, the fourth quarter was Godrej 
Properties' best ever quarter on multiple parameters. On the sales front, GPL 
had its best ever quarter in terms of the volume and value of real estate sold. 
We sold 3,699 homes during the quarter with an area of 4.24 million square 
feet and the value of INR 3,248 crore, representing a quarter-on-quarter value 
growth of 111 % and a year-on-year value growth of 23% over what was our 
previous best ever quarter. This resulted in our 5th consecutive year of record 
annual sales of INR 7,861 crore despite the tremendous volatility this sector 
has undergone during this period. 
We also recorded our highest ever residential cash collections of INR 2,678 
crore during the fourth quarter. These collections led to our highest ever net 
operating cash flow of INR 1,045 crore and for the full year our residential 
collections grew by 57% to nearly INR 7,000 crore. We launched 9 projects 
or phases during the fourth quarter and received a strong response to all of 
them. Our project Godrej Woods in Noida delivered sales worth INR 1,650 
crore within a year of its launch, making GPL the most successful residential 
launch by booking value to date. Whilst sustenance sales of the financial year 
grew by 6% to INR 4,826 crore, we are happy to note that our new launch 
sales increased by 40% to over INR 3,000 crore. On the operations front, we 
successfully delivered approximately 5.84 million square feet across 5 cities 
in the fourth quarter. With a large number of project completions in the last 
Page 1 of 15
 I PROPERTIES

Moderator: 
Puneet: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Puneet: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Puneet: 
quarter, GPL recorded its highest ever-reported numbers on a quarterly and 
annual basis. Our total income for the fourth quarter increased by 191 % and 
stood at INR 1,476 crore. Our EBITDA increased by 611 % to INR 403 crore 
and net profit increased by 236% to INR 260 crore. For FY'22, our total 
income increased by 97% and stood at INR 2,397 crore, EBITDA increased 
to INR 705 crore and net profit increased to INR 352 crore. 
While the pace of new project additions in the first half of the financial year 
was a little slow, we added several projects during the second half of the year. 
In the fourth quarter, we added 3 new residential projects with a total saleable 
area of 6.1 million square feet and an expected combined revenue potential 
of over INR 4,100 crore. We extended our existing arrangements with Shivam 
Realty to develop a 0. 7 million square feet housing project in Kandivali in 
Mumbai, which will add an estimated further INR 1,000 crore of booking 
value. In addition to the new projects we have already announced, we have 
a robust pipeline of new development opportunities, and we are confident new 
project additions will pick up substantially in financial year '23. The real estate 
sector has recovered strongly during the year. While commodity cost inflation 
poses a substantial near-term risk to operating margins of projects where 
most of the sales have been completed, the price hikes we have taken will 
fully mitigate the cost pressure on upcoming projects. We are optimistic that 
the financial year ahead will be a strong year for Godrej Properties. We hope 
to grow residential bookings to over INR 10,000 crore this year through the 
launch of a large number of exciting new projects combined with strong 
sustenance sales. This combined with strong project deliveries should allow 
us to maintain rapid growth in operating cash flows. One of our biggest 
priorities for the year will be to add a large number of new projects to our 
portfolio, which in turn will set us up well to remain on a rapid growth 
trajectory. 
On that note, I conclude my remarks. We'd now be happy to discuss your 
questions, comments or suggestions. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and­
answer session. We'll take our first question from the line of Puneet from 
HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Yes, thank you so much and congratulations on once again reporting 
quarters. My first question is with respect to your FY '23 launch guidance. Is 
it possible to give a sense sort of what would be the total revenue potential 
from these projects that we're looking at? 
Hi, Puneet, thanks. I think, again we've -- obviously things like the pricing of 
the project, etc. will be decided at the time of launch and we have given the 
details on both the locations and areas. So, I think an approximate amount of 
sort of revenue potential can be garnered from that, but we can perhaps help 
you offline with our more detailed thinking on this. 
Okay. And this is also likely to be an important year from delivery perspective, 
right? Any sense of what is likely to be delivery target for FY '23. 
Yes, I think it will be a big year for deliveries as you've said. I think we did 
about 6.5 million square feet in the last financial year. I think that number 
should at least cross 10 million square feet in the current year, if not more 
than that. 
Thank you, understood. And my last question is, if I look at your cash flow 
statement, you have broadly being spending close to INR 2,000 crore a year 
on development costs and you alluded to business development being the 
Page 2 of 15
I PROPERTIES

Pirojsha Godrej: 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Puneet: 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Puneet: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Mohit Malhotra 
Puneet: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Moderator: 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
biggest priority for the current year. So, what kind of number should we pencil 
in for that? 
Rajendra, you want to take that? 
Yes, so Puneet, basically the construction as the progress of the projects 
across the sites are going up, so construction costs will also proportionately 
increase. And like if you see the operating cash flow, we have been able to 
do INR 1,750 for the year, so hopefully this operating cash flow would be 
positive and will be stronger as more and more projects keep getting into the 
launch and to the cash flow cycle. As you rightly said about the cash flow 
would be for the new BD purpose. That obviously would continue for at least 
a year or 2 where we are investing into the new BD opportunities. Otherwise 
operating wise, I think the cash flow would be healthy and we expect this 
should grow further. 
But the BD cash flow which is land approval and advanced to JV partners 
what can that number becomes from current --
That also, Puneet, is again like the deals, which have been tied up, so there 
would be some outflow on account, which is a milestone laying. That will be 
in the range of INR 1,000 to INR 1,500 crore. Rest will depend on the new BD 
opportunities which we will tie up in the coming quarters. That will also be 
directly proportional to the BD, new BD opportunities which we will be able to 
tie up, like we are sitting on a INR 4,000 crore of cash flow. The idea is to 
deploy that into the coming quarters. 
Understood. My last question is just on the sales strategy side. Historically 
you focused on selling as much as you can when you launched the project. 
Do you intend to continue that strategy given how the cost pressures are there 
in various phases of projects? 
Mohit, you want to comment. 
Sure. Thanks, Puneet. I think overall, the strategy is to sell as much as 
possible, Puneet, as launches. Of course, we are adjusting prices 
significantly, given the way inflation is moving and also budgeting a slightly 
more future inflation in our budget. Having said that, there is obviously a 
project has large phases, so on a continuous basis it kind of catches up on a 
portfolio basis. 
Okay. Understood. That's all from my side. Thank you so much and all the 
best. 
Thanks,Puneet. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Abhinav Sinha from Jefferies. 
Please go ahead. 
Hi, congratulations on a strong set of numbers this quarter. Just wanted to, 
couple of things on the sales front, when you're talking about INR100 billion 
plus in FY '23. Is it going to be a similar sort of back-ended mixture on both 
launches in sales or do we have higher visibility in the first half of the year? 
I think we do have higher visibility on the first half. I'd also just reminded that 
the last year, the start was, the first quarter was of course marred by the delta 
wave. So, we had only INR 500 crore of sales in the first quarter. We actually 
even in the second quarter of the year did quite well and had about INR 2,500, 
-INR 2,600 crore of sales in the second quarter. So not that the first half was
Page 3 of 15 p,,, I PROPERTIES

Abhinav Sinha: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
really cyclically weak but rather that this pandemic impact was quite strong. I 
do think that this year we will have a reasonable percentage of these sales in 
the first half of the year itself. Already we have a couple of Mumbai projects 
that will be launched this quarter and so I think we'll have a better balance in 
the first half of the year this time. 
Right. And you also alluded to higher pricing now. So can you quantify that, I 
mean, what does that number look like on a pan India Y-o-Y some such 
number. 
Mohit, you want to take that. 
Sure. See what we have done is in the start of the quarter 4, we did an 
exercise to look at what is the inflation impact. The prices are also significantly 
rising up then. And we took almost 5% to 7% hike across project at the start 
of quarter and just to let you know even at the start of April we have already 
instructed projects to take the price hike for the inflation which is set up now 
in the last quarter. In 04, we took almost 5% to 7% price hike wherever it was 
possible. 
Also cumulatively, you would have raised prices by maybe 7% - 8%. 
I would say if you have to ask me a blended average, I would say it will be 
closer to 5%. 
Okay. 
Plus/Minus 1 % on a blended portfolio basis. 
And how much have cost up by broadly? 
Almost similar in terms of percentage or booking value, around 5%. 
Okay. So, margins should be under control incrementally you are saying? 
At a portfolio level, yes, because we are taking that price hike, but projects 
which have already been sold a lot there would be some kind of margin 
pressure and the new launches, we are kind of increasing prices to mitigate 
both the cost inflation hit for that project and also some hit for the portfolio. 
Finally, my question on balance sheet side is on the gearing front. You are 
seeing strong cash flows already. I mean is the 0.5 target on gearing, is that 
likely to be hit in FY '23 or do you think we are slightly behind or how are you 
seeing that now? 
Abhinav, I think - we think it can be done during the year. I mean, look, 
ultimately, there are some deals that are quite large also in a single shot can 
help us achieve some of these targets. At the same time, we don't want to let 
this cash burn a hole in our pocket. We want to wait for the right deals and do 
the right quality of deals. But we've seen, as I said a pickup in momentum in 
business development over these last 3-4 months. In addition to the deals 
we've already announced, we actually have a few deals, which are already 
fully concluded, but will be announced post the completion of certain condition 
precedents that the partners have to complete. So, we feel pretty good about 
the momentum on the business development side and would certainly not 
want to be at kind of zero net debt levels that we currently are. I don't think 
it's out of reach to get to that 0.5 kind of number this year, but again, it 
depends on us getting the right quality and quantity of deals. 
Page 4 of 15 
I PROPERTIES

Abhinav Sinha: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Moderator: 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Sure. Thank you and all the best. 
Thanks so much. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. 
Please go ahead. 
Yes, hi, good evening. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question was 
on the new launches. A couple of key launches, if you can give us some 
indication on when those are expected to launch like say Ashok Vihar and 
Wadala I believe we have already launched or pre-launched. So, if you can 
give some indication on these 2 launches. 
Mohit, you want to jump in. 
Yes, you're right. Wadala, we have already pre-launched. We have all the 
approvals. So that will be our big launch in quarter 1 . On Ashok Vihar, the 
approvals are at final stages but given the way approvals have been moving, 
we are quite hopeful that either in 01 or 02 we should be having a positive 
outcome on that launch. 
And any indication on like how the response has been for Wadala so far? 
Very early to comment on that. 
Sure, sure. Just a related question on your launch tracker. I mean when I look 
at last year's launch tracker couple of Mumbai projects, Sanpada, Bayview 
and Riviera, which we couldn't launch last year, I find those names missing in 
the launch tracker for this year. So, any particular reason. 
Bayview, we did launch last year. Sanpada was a project which we have 
signed in Navi Mumbai and unfortunately there is a litigation going on 
between the 2 government agencies there because of which this project and 
not just our project, but the whole set of projects there have got stuck. So, we 
have kind of taken it out from this year unless we get visibility on the litigation 
front between the government agencies. 
Okay. And my second question is on the booking side or rather the revenue 
recognition side to be delivered 6.5 million square feet this year and against 
which we booked INR 1,800 crore of top line and INR 350 crore of bottom line 
and now with the 10 million square feet plus kind of a guidance for FY '23, we 
are actually reaching close to what we are selling in terms of deliveries, right? 
So, my question is on when we can see the revenue and PAT coming closer 
to the sales in terms of value that we've clock on an annual basis because 
clearly INR 1,800 crore and INR 350 crore worth of PAT is not nearly close to 
what we sell on an annual basis. 
Mohit? 
Yes, I'll answer on PAT because revenue is a combination of how the deals 
that are getting recognized especially in JV projects, it comes as a line item 
as PAT. So clearly, revenue is not something I would like to comment on. On 
PAT actually we feel very confident that the trajectory of PAT for the company 
is now absolutely on the track of the guidance we have been giving in past. 
So, I think next year is going to be a spectacular year for us on PAT and FY 
'24 is where we should be able to hit our original guidance which we had given 
to the investors. 
Page 5 ofl5 
I PROPERTIES

Pirojsha Godrej: 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Moderator: 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And Kunal, just to add. The revenue, the way the accounting works because 
of our JV, the JV revenue doesn't get reflected into our top line. So, to that 
extent you will always find that gap because booking value reflects the entire 
booking value of the JVs whereas the revenue only reflects the one-line item 
as Mohit said. So, to that extent, there would be a gap. 
So yes, I get that. So, in terms of like, say for example we do, let's say INR 
7,000 crore or INR 8,000 crore of presales, on a PAT level even at the JV 
level or even after accounting for the JV, we should be at least making 1,000 
per square feet kind of PAT on a 10 million square feet kind of delivery or 
sales velocity. So, my question is that if you are delivering like 10 million 
square feet, could we see profit or PAT levels of say INR 1,000 odd crore. 
Yes, we should be able to see that in 2 to 3 years' timeframe. I think FY '24 
onwards, we will see a number closer to what was intended. 
Sure sir. Thanks. This is very helpful. Thank you so much. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity and congrats on both operationally and 
financially, very strong performance. My first question is on again on P&L. So, 
I was trying to reconcile your fourth quarter's revenue definition. Since we 
have only completed one outright project that is Godrej Aqua and rest all were 
JV and that Godrej Aqua if I understand it correctly it won't be more than INR 
400 crore, INR 450 crore kind of a revenue top line. So, where this INR 1,300 
crore is exactly coming from. I mean, just any clarification on that. 
Okay. Thanks, Pritesh. We have not only completed one JV project. Godrej 
Aqua is our outright project. Apart from that Godrej Aqua, we have completed 
two of our plotted development. One is Godrej Retreat, which is at Faridabad. 
Second is Godrej Woodland. So, both have contributed, Retreat has 
contributed around INR 350 crore of top line, Woodland has contributed 
around to another INR 250 crore of top line and then we have Godrej 
Avenues, which is again our own project, that has contributed another INR 
178 crore. So, all 4 projects together contributed around INR1, 150 crore of 
top line. 
Okay, great, thanks, that clarifies. And secondly on business development, 
so we have already last quarter with the deal with DB that obviously got 
shelved off, but we have cleared out our intentions on large size SRA project. 
So how the pipeline is looking right now. Are we still thinking of a couple of 
opportunities from those DB lands or how is it going to be done? 
Yes, I think we have said that we're open to looking at project level 
partnerships. I think basis the feedback we received from our various 
stakeholders, we decided to call off the strategic investment, but we are open 
to project level partnerships and of course, there are lot of other potential new 
project additions in Mumbai. We are very happy actually that the project we 
added last year, which is quite a sizable redevelopment project, not a slum 
redevelopment of course, is actually already getting launched this quarter. 
So, we certainly one of the key priorities for the year will be to strengthen the 
Mumbai portfolio and we are quite, we think we have quite a good pipeline in 
place to be able to do that. 
Great. And lastly, I mean so saying that Wadala project we turned it around 
within 9 months timeframe. Would that be the similar timeline that we should 
look forward to from the projects that you guys sign in from here on because 
Page 6 of 15
 I PROPERTIES

Pirojsha Godrej: 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Moderator: 
Samar Sarda: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Samar Sarda: 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Samar Sarda: 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
previous projects we have seen some delay. So, what should be the 
turnaround timeline from here on. 
I think projects of course are at different stages when we enter them 
sometimes and I think this one was at a more advanced stage. It did allow us 
to turn around very quickly. Of course, the goal will be to always turn it around 
quickly. None of the projects we're adding, do we think of as like a future land 
bank that we're expecting to wait many years, but you do sometimes have 
situations particularly in some of the larger projects that they end up taking a 
little bit longer than one hopes to launch. But certainly, the goal is always to 
do it as fast as possible. And we're very happy with the timelines in this one 
but I wouldn't necessarily say that for all redevelopment projects we can 
expect this quicker turnaround. 
Sure. Thanks, that's helpful, and all the best. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Samar Sarda from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Thanks. Good evening and congratulations on a good FY '22. I had a couple 
of questions on collections and cash flow and one on Vikhroli. So just to take 
a quick question on Vikhroli first. FY '23 launch pipeline also does not include 
any residential launch in Vikhroli. We have some like stage is more or less 
completed and sold out. Any reason why we not releasing more area in that 
micro market. 
Yes, I think its again regulatory approval linked, Samar. So certainly, I think 
both Vikhroli and Worli, we would hope to launch something during the 
financial year, if possible, but I think the level of conviction was not high 
enough to be included in the guidance. So hopefully, we can have a positive 
surprise on those. 
Great. And on collections, probably Rajendra or Mohit could take it, 
collections were really good in FY '22 like INR 7,700 odd crore. Increase in 
construction as a percentage is not that much. So, which is why like we see 
a phase good. So will our construction expense increase a little more in FY 
'23/'24 on a percentage basis versus like how collections has gone up. A 
related question here is we did a lot of subvention sales during COVID. So, 
most of those collections has chipped in for this year or might come in FY '23 
and '24 as well. 
So, Samar, just to take your question. It will be, it is coming over because 
know when we did subvention, those projects were at different stages. So as 
and when those projects reach that milestone of OC where the 90% guys do, 
so those will fall, must have fallen due in '22, some will come in '23 and some 
will come in '24. So those collection will chip in in the next 2 years also. That 
was your question. What was your second -- other question on collection? 
Construction expenditure increase. 
Yes, so if you see there is a steady increase in the construction expenditure 
because as and when your milestone construction, milestone increases your 
billing milestone also increases. So, definitely with more projects under 
construction those expenditure if you see compared to last year construction 
expenditure has substantially gone up as compared to last financial year. And 
that is going to keep happening and similarly our collection also will keep pace 
with that milestone. Obviously, you know, we have sold it. So as and when 
Page 7 of 15 
 I PROPERTIES

Samar Sarda: 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Samar Sarda: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Moderator: 
Venkat Samala: 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Venkat Samala: 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Venkat Samala: 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Venkat Samala: 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Venkat Samala: 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
you build your milestone gets triggered and that's where the collection will 
keep coming in. 
One last question on OCF like if I go by your numbers of INR 7,700 crore, 
then INR 750 crore of OCF for this year. So, we have given a guidance of 
10,000 the collections might reach there probably in a year or 18 months but 
if we really collect INR 10,000 crore, will our collection margin or OCF margin 
also likely improve and go up where we are doing some outright project 
acquisitions. How do we see this moving over the next 2 years? 
It should improve, definitely it should improve because the margins are like 
we have been doing a mix of outright, plotted, and other and even the JV 
projects are our high margin project. So as and when they start contributing, 
definitely we should also see an improvement in the OCF. 
Great. And great going on the guidance and operations. All the best for the 
forthcoming quarters. 
Thanks so much, Samar. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Venkat Samala from Tata 
Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, just wanted to understand when I look at the 
interest expenses, they look so low, right? I mean at 5.95%. If you could give 
some colour as to how we are able to borrow at such low cost assuming it's 
construction finance. 
So, thanks for your question. What we do, we do 2 types of borrowing. Even 
the construction finance, we are able to catch a very low rate. So, our 
construction finance is in the range of 7% to 8%. So apart from that we do a 
lot of corporate financing where we are able to negotiate a very fine rate and 
we have some mix of product. We have done some long-term tying of debt. 
We have placed NCDs in the past for long tenor which were at a very fine 
rate. So blended we are able to keep our average borrowing cost down. 
And what would that mix be? I mean between construction finance and these 
other NCDs or other type of finance. 
So, mix would be in the range of 70 or 75/25 kind of a thing. 
75 in favour of, sorry? 
75 towards the corporate finance, 25 towards the construction finance. 
Okay. And what would be the costs, sir, of this corporate finance? 
Our average borrowing cost is 5.9 -- 5.95 of YTD that we have reported. 
Right. So, assuming that is 7% to 8%, then this should be around 5%, right? 
Yes, it's blended. For the JV, it's not getting reported in this and so it should 
be around 5.5 is what we are at the corporate level we are able to borrow. So 
blended is -- will come at around 5.95 kind of a thing. 
Page 8 ofl5
 I PROPERTIES

Venkat Samala: 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Venkat Samala: 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Venkat Samala: 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Venkat Samala: 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Venkat Samala: 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Venkat Samala: 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Venkat Samala: 
Moderator: 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Understood. Right. And one last question is, sir, I mean the bookings number 
that we report, does it include any taxes or any other elements. What I want 
to understand is assuming it's an outright sale that you're doing whatever--
No, it's a pure booking value, it doesn't include any GST or other taxes. 
Okay. So, assuming it's an outright sale whatever amount we are booking we 
expect to - that to be recognized in P&L as revenue whenever it does. 
Yes. 
With the exception of joint venture project where the single line consolidation. 
Yes, and Sir even now we are seeing some losses on the JV side despite 
such good completion of projects. Any reason? 
Sorry, come again. 
Even in this quarter we are seeing some losses being reported, right, on the 
JV side. 
Let me explain for better understanding. The JV losses, actually those are not 
losses. It comprises of 2 parts. One is because of the Godrej commercial 
project G2 which is completed, and it is not yet fully leased out, so the interest 
gets expensed out. So, bulk of that INR 80 odd crore is coming out of that as 
an expense item. Secondly, a lot of projects, which have not contributed to 
the revenue recognition, the marketing and other period costs get expensed 
out. So that is another. And the third important part is most of our JV are 
structured in a manner where we do most efficient tax planning. So, lot of 
income from the JV is being taken as interest income or a DM income or in 
the other form. So, it is grossed up. So, what, till the time the JV comes to OC 
completion stage, you will not see that, and period costs will keep expensing 
out. Otherwise, the JVs are always in profit, maybe JV to JV it may depend 
at the time - the margins may differ, but none of the JVs are like in red. It is 
only the reporting because of which it is coming as a one-line negative item. 
Right. And sir, just as a follow-up. This Godrej 2 what will be the hit if you 
could quantify, annual or quarterly. 
Like we said, around INR 80 odd crore. 
INR 80 crore in a year. 
Yes, this will come down as and when the premises get leased out. 
Okay, Thank you. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mohit Agarwal from IIFL. 
Please go ahead. 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on great set of numbers. 
I have just one question, trying to understand your business development 
strategy. In the last quarter, we have added projects in Nagpur, in Sonipat. 
You have earlier expressed our interest that we want to focus on 4 markets, 
has that changed? And is there something that you're doing different this time 
around. 
Page 9 oflS 
 I PROPERTIES

Pirojsha Godrej: 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Moderator: 
Manish Gandhi: 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Manish Gandhi: 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Manish Gandhi: 
Yes, we are focused on the 4 market still. I think what we have also said if it's 
a plotted development, we are willing to look at a broader range of cities. So, 
these would both be plotted development projects that you've mentioned. 
So, outside the 4 markets, it would be only plotted development. 
That's right. And for that, I mean we may still of course occasionally add 
projects like Kolkata and Ahmedabad etc. But yes, for almost all the projects 
are outside these 4 markets will be plotted. 
Okay. And apart from faster turnaround, also is the margin profile or the IRR 
profile different for plotted projects in these markets versus our core portfolio. 
Yes. They are much faster to complete. So, both the margins and IRRs tend 
to be higher. 
Okay, Thank you. 
We'll take our next question from the line of Manish Gandhi from KPMK 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Yes, hi. Congratulations on a very good strong quarter on all the fronts. My 
first question is with regards to construction timelines and our aspiration to 
reduce it by 50% and going by few projects of say Pune and Bangalore, I 
have observed that despite COVID-related disturbance we are delivering in 2 
to 2.5 years. So, do you think we can make it 2 years or below for say 20 to 
25-floor developments in the near future and which could lead to strong
competitive advantage as well as satisfying great customer needs?
Hi, Manish. Thanks for your observation. We have significantly brought down 
the OC timeline for the type of buildings you mentioned, we recorded the best 
ever OC timeline by a project in Pune at 22.5 months, so which is the fastest 
ever. Last fastest was 24 months, we have got it down. Also, the flat cycles 
we have been consistently bringing it down. So, this year, the average flat 
cycle for the company has been brought down to 12 days. So, a lot of work 
has been happening on this front and we remain confident that with our focus 
on construction, we should be able to continuously bring the timeline down, 
but I think 24 months is something we are now kind of working towards as 
almost consistent average for all projects. 
Actually, that's a great achievement for the Godrej team, especially our 
records in India to give possession. And my second question is on the 
launches this year, very exciting line-up. Would like to understand your 
thought process behind launching Wadala 1.6 million in one go which could 
be INR 3,500 crore plus sales. So, what gives you the confidence to launch 
the whole project in one go. 
No, I think we are not launching the whole project at one go. This is the overall 
potential of the project. We will be launching it in phases but depending on 
how each phases perform, we can significantly bring more phases If you see 
what happened in Noida last year, we actually sold close to INR 1800 crore 
of sales in 12 months periods. I think this is the overall project size. The exact 
area would depend on how the launch is performing for each phase. 
Manish, thanks for pointing this out. I was just looking at the presentation. 
You're right, I think this has been incorrectly put. Rajendra let's correct this. 
I was hoping that you must be thinking of selling INR 2000, INR 2,500 crore-
Page 10 ofl5 p,,, I PROPERTIES

Pirojsha Godrej: 
Manish Gandhi: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Manish Gandhi: 
Moderator: 
Manish Jain: 
Manish Jain: 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Manish Jain: 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Moderator: 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
We'll do our best. 
Thanks, and all the best for FY '23 and I'm sure, Pirojsha, you will meet your 
guidance on the upside of INR 10,000 crore. 
Thanks so much, Manish. 
Thank you. That's all from my side. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Manish Jain from Gonnal 
One. Please go ahead. 
Yes, congratulations on raising the bar for you all because you all are setting 
up new trends in the industry and what was really heartening to see is that 
now first glimpse of scale is visible and really as the previous speaker asked 
on launches, I had 2 questions. First is on the business development side. On 
the business development side, we have been doing an excellent job on NCR 
and Pune. In what timeframe do we plan to excel in Mumbai and Bangalore. 
I'm leaving out the plotted project for now. 
Plotted project, which land to do across outside the 4 geographies, I'm leaving 
that but in what timeframe do you plan to come back to excellence in NCR 
and Mumbai. Sorry, Bangalore and Mumbai. 
Thanks, Manish. This year actually we were very happy with what we did in 
Mumbai. We have committed more than INR 1,000 crore of capital in Mumbai 
in business development in FY '22 and have a very strong pipeline of projects 
in Mumbai for the next year, which is already in term sheets and at fairly 
advanced stages of closure. So, I think from an overall perspective, very, very 
strongly focused on turning around Mumbai business development and we 
feel it could give us a big scale in Mumbai. On Bangalore, we have been 
adding 2 - 3 projects every year but I think we really need to get our strategy 
right in Bangalore and I'm hoping that next 6 to 9 months, we should see a 
turnaround in Bangalore as well. Mumbai, I see a very strong visibility upfront, 
Manish. 
Excellent. Congratulations once again. It's really a delight to see the kind of 
performance like launch tracker to see 26 projects planned and of those 11 
new launches. Phenomenal. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Congratulations on a great quarter and the year. So, my first question is on 
business development. So, we have seen a big spike in input costs. So, 
what's happening on the land side. Do you intend to do a lot of land 
acquisitions this year? So can you give us any overview on how the land cost 
is going up or how is the inflation there, some sense on that. 
I think it's varying a little bit by geography but certainly we expect both in 
property prices and land prices to continue to move upwards over this next 
couple of years. So, I think we are quite keen to do business development 
this financial year, but we are already seeing some increase in pricing on the 
land side over say, a year or 2 ago. 
Page 11 of 15
 I PROPERTIES

Parikshit Kandpal: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Moderator: 
My second question is on Mumbai. So, I think Mohit did mention that you're 
looking to add a large pipeline in Mumbai. We have to pay an outlay of 100 
rupees next year. Is it right there has been a large part of that will go into 
MMR now in this year? 
I think we're open to doing projects in all of these geographies and would like 
to expand in all of them. Yes, I think it's fair to say that Mumbai amongst these 
4 cities is the number one priority for new project addition. So, we're quite 
hopeful that a big chunk of new investment will go there. 
Okay. Just last question on what I've been hearing from the market is that you 
are not buying like you're buying land but you're not buying land say where 
the development potential is for 10 years. So, you are looking to do like more 
3-to-4-year one single phase kind of new land acquisition. So, but if the
opportunity comes in where you have to write a big check of say INR 2000
crore or INR 3,000 crore, which in India hardly like two, three developers can
do, are you open to that kind of opportunity because government has recently
formed that land monetization authority wherein you can see those kind of
opportunities opening up from the government side on government land. So,
are you open to exploring those kinds of opportunities that could be big
outlays maybe 8, 9, 10 years kind of project?
Yes, I think we're open to any opportunity within residential development in 
these few cities. I think for the kind of investments you are talking about, we 
of course, have a great deal of confidence in the micro markets, saleability of 
them and our ability to deliver strong annual sales on an ongoing basis but 
certainly, I think the appetite to do big projects is very much in place. If you 
look at a project like our Ashok Vihar project in NCR that's probably INR 6000 
to INR 8,000 crore top line project. We bought the land for INR 1,300 crore. 
We have a project we're launching now in Bombay would be INR 3,000, INR 
3,500 crore top line project that we added. So certainly, as the company 
scales, I think we do want to focus on good returns on capital in doing projects 
that we can turn around quickly. I think that there's a lot of merit in those 
projects but we're certainly also happy to cut large checks for strategic 
opportunities of a larger nature. 
Because my concern is only coming that this year if you touch INR 10,000 
crore plus purely on basis of volume growing beyond that it will be difficult. 
So, you will have to take the average utilization much higher. So, for that you 
will have to add more of premium projects. That will get the growth kick off, 
so that we need to see a lot of BD opportunities being worked out there in that 
front. That was the only concern which I had. 
I mean yes and no. I think the growth opportunity in India, us and any other 
developers is just scratching the surface of the opportunity. I always like to 
say the whole top management team, just before the pandemic had spent a 
little bit of time in China meeting with the top developers there and if I recall 
correctly, I think we have done about 6 million square feet of sales that year 
and the big Chinese developers were doing 600 million square feet. So, with 
a 2% or so share of the market currently, we don't see any sort of market­
imposed constraint on our growth. But you're certainly right that as the 
company continues to scale, the proportion of meaningful size projects that 
we should have in our portfolio should also scale concurrently and that will be 
the endeavour. 
Okay, thank you. That's all from my side and all the best. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Dhruv Jain from Himanshu 
Zaveri. Please go ahead. 
Page 12 of15 
 I PROPERTIES

Dhruv Jain: 
Hi, congrats on a great set of numbers. Pirojsha, as a shareholder, when can 
we expect dividend as it's been like long time now, 7 years already. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, I think our thinking has been that the company has a fairly unique 
opportunity to re-invest and grow for a sustained period. So, I don't think that 
from our perspective, we're thinking of dividends as a key means of 
shareholder value creation. We do think that reinvestment into this space, 
given the kind of opportunities makes more sense. To be perfectly honest 
unless something changes in that outlook, I wouldn't expect any dividends 
over the next few years. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Okay. And any idea on Mumbai, as I have marked, the sale is always little 
slow compared to NCR, Pune or Bangalore, any particular reason because I 
have marked like in NCR like Godrej Golf Links, Woods, Faridabad one or in 
Pune, the Mahalunge, etc., all have been selling like very, very fast as 
compared to Mumbai where the projects are little slow in selling, what's 
wrong. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think the issue has been our projects in Mumbai, has been a little bit on the 
smaller side in terms of the recent launches, we've been able to do. We've 
certainly seen very strong launches in Mumbai in the past including at The 
Trees in Vikhroli, our redevelopment project in Chembur. We are quite 
hopeful that this quarter, we will have a have a good response to that question 
in terms of a couple of launches in Mumbai. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Wadala one and the Thane one which you are launching. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
That's right. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question. That's from the line of Aman Vij from 
Astute Investment Management. Please go ahead. 
Aman Vij: 
Good afternoon, sir. My questions are on the margin front. So, if you can talk 
about region wise margins, which we are achieving as of now, say NCR, 
Mumbai, Pune and Bangalore. What kind of EBITDA margins, do you think 
are we achieving as of now? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
I don't have a region-wise breakup right now but on the sales, what we are 
doing our blended average margin for company is right now upwards of 20% 
plus. 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
So, the company EBITDA margin is 30% kind of a thing. So, region wise 
obviously depending on the project configuration, it will change. Our plotted 
would be in the range of 40% kind of a thing, group housing depending on the 
type of project whether it's a JV or it's an outright or that will depend on a 
project-to-project basis. So, like I said Faridabad, NCR had a 40% margin 
similarly Bangalore plotted has a 40% margin, group housing would be in the 
range of like Mohit said 20% to 25%. So again, it will be overall different for 
different projects but blended it will be like our EBITDA is 30%. 
Aman Vij: 
So just a clarification on this part. When you talk about blended is 30% versus 
reported numbers. I understand the JV numbers are coming directly but the 
costs are also I think coming, we are not including in the top line. So that 15%, 
16% margin, which we achieved in 04. Is it because of the older projects or 
this kind of margin only we should assume? 
Page 13 of 15
 I PROPERTIES

Rajendra Khetawat: 
AmanVij: 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
AmanVij: 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Aman Vij: 
Mohit Malhotra: 
AmanVij: 
Moderator: 
Harsh Pathak: 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Harsh Pathak: 
The blended, it's a mix. It's a mix of old plus new. 
Sure sir. So that was my point. So going forward when the newer portion 
increasing, say for example in next couple of quarters should there be uptrend 
on this margin and can it cross this 20%, 25% number also. 
So, the endeavour would be to take that higher but obviously it's still there 
would be old projects which will keep coming into the revenue recognition and 
like I explained our revenue recognition depends on the project completion. 
Till the time that project completion happens, the period costs will keep 
expensing out. So, there would be some amount of averaging out across the 
high margin contributing project with the projects that have not yet started 
contributing. So obviously the endeavour would be to improve our margin 
profile but for some time, there would be averaging out of old, new and the 
marketing expenses. 
Sure sir. My second question is on the Bangalore side. You have talked about 
we are lacking somewhere. If you can talk more about it because whatever 
we have aimed in the last 3, 4 years, the gap between what we have targeted 
and what we have achieved we see maximum in Bangalore region. So, if you 
can talk about where according to is our gap, is it project selection, is it 
something else and what are we doing to fill that gap? 
I think the key issue in Bangalore if you really ask me has been business 
development. We haven't been able to add as many projects as we would 
have liked to. On operations actually, the region has done quite well. The 
sales performance has been quite good. The delivery performance has been 
pretty good, but it's been largely a function of the lack of new projects and 
business development which has pulled it down but as I said earlier that we 
intend to correct it at next 6 to 9 months timeframe. 
Because we are targeting a lot more in Bangalore for FY '23, it's like 2 to 3 
times our average sale, which we have achieved over the last 3 years. 
It's a function of launches. We have couple of launches planned in Bangalore 
and they are at fairly advanced stages of approvals, so this we are pretty 
confident on the numbers we had in the recent years for Bangalore. 
Sure, Thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Pathak from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Good evening and congratulations for a strong quarter. So, this is in 
continuation to one of the earlier questions on land prices. So, this is what our 
check suggest is that land prices in Tier 2 cities have risen sharply in the past 
year. So, if you could please quantify or give a ballpark figure on how much 
the land prices must have risen and would this likely put pressure or put 
hindrance to our target of getting better margins and IRR profile or plotted 
elements on this land parcels, please. 
Yes, if you're talking about Tier 2, we have just entered 2 cities which is 
Sonipat and Nagpur and there we are seeing both margins and IRRs actually 
much upwards of 30% plus, closer to 30%, 35% which is a very good return 
which we're very happy to underwrite and we'll be happy to have that. 
Right. But how much have been the land price increases in the past year? Is 
that putting any pressure or getting it difficult for us to procure new land 
parcels. What trend are you seeing on ground? 
Page 14 of 15 
I PROPERTIES 

Mohit Malhotra: 
Harsh Pathak: 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Harsh Pathak: 
Moderator: 
Neeraj Sahjwani: 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Neeraj Sahjwani: 
Moderator: 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Moderator: 
There has been pressure of land pricing in NCR which I have observed 
especially in Gurgaon but if you look at other parts of the cities like Mumbai, 
Bangalore, Pune, we haven't seen significant increase in land prices. They 
are in line with the pricing increase. 
That's helpful, and my second question is regarding the smaller players are 
re-entering the market is what we are hearing for the Mumbai region at least. 
So, in your experience, are they launching projects all by themselves and how 
is the response these players are getting from homebuyers and does this 
make negotiating new attractive deals tougher for us. What trend are you 
seeing on ground? 
Not really. Actually, if you ask me, if you see our Shivam project, the Kandivali 
project is by a local developer, and they came back and asked us to do the 
second phase as well. So, people see value in cleaning up the land but at the 
time of sales and launches, they would like to partner with bigger companies 
like us and some of the other players. So, I think there could be sporadic 
launches by existing players but new launches definitely they are going and 
tying up with the larger players. Not seeing much issue with business 
development in Mumbai as of now. 
Sure, that's helpful, thanks a lot. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Neeraj Sahjwani, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
I have 2 questions, mostly around Bombay. So one is, do you have any clarity 
on the Sandra project. I think that's marked even probably beyond FY '23 and 
second is there has been wave of redevelopment in the Western suburbs of 
Mumbai especially in society redevelopment. Have we intentionally kept out 
of that, considering they're usually smaller in size? 
So, answering your second question first, we have evaluated society 
redevelopment projects, but we can only do it if there is a certain scale to it. 
So smaller projects we are kind of avoiding because it doesn't make sense to 
spend bandwidth on it. On Sandra project, there has been an unfortunate 
situation at the JVP end. And so, the project has got delayed, but I believe 
that once the situation on the joint venture partner side gets resolved, I believe 
it is getting resolved, then we should see a positive traction on it but 
unfortunately, it's got stuck because of some of the unfortunate incidents 
which has happened there. 
Okay. Thank you, Mohit. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
I hope we've been able to answer all your questions. If you have any further 
questions or would like any additional information, please reach out and we'll 
be happy to be of assistance. On behalf of the management, thank you again 
for taking the time to join us today. All the best. 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Godrej Properties Limited that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
Page 15 of 15
 I PROPERTIES
