 
                                                                                                                                Date: May 5, 2022 
                                                                                                                                Place: Chennai  
Ref: SHAI/B & S/SE/25/2022-23   
                                                                                         
To,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
The Manager 
 
 
 
 
 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
Listing Department  
BSE Limited   
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1,  
Dalal Street  
 
 
 
 
 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400051. 
Scrip Code: 543412  
 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: STARHEALTH 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Q4 & FY22 Earnings Call - March 31, 2022 
Further to the Company’s letter dated April 28, 2022, April 30, 2022 and May 3, 2022 regarding intimation, 
presentation and audio recordings of Q4 and FY 22 Earnings Call please find attached the transcript of the 
call dated May 02, 2022. 
This is for your kind information. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited, 
 
 
 
 
Jayashree Sethuraman, 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. 
Q4 & FY2022 Earnings Conference Call 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Management: 
Dr. S. Prakash - Managing Director 
Mr. Anand Roy - Managing Director 
Mr. Nilesh Kambli - CFO 
 
 
 

                                      Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. May 2, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Star Health and Allied Insurance Co. Ltd 
Q4 & FY2022 earnings conference call.  As a reminder, all participant’s lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you ask questions after the presentation 
concludes.  Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is been 
recorded. I now have the conference over to Mr. Snighter Albuquerque from Adfactors PR.  
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen from the senior management, we have with us Dr. S 
Prakash – Managing Director, Mr. Anand Roy - Managing Director, Mr. Nilesh Kambli - Chief 
Financial Officer and Mr. Vinod Rajamani - Head of Investor Relations.  Before, we begin the 
conference call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made during the course 
of today’s call may be forward looking in nature including those related to future financial and 
operating performances, benefits and synergies of the company’s strategies, future 
opportunities and growth of the market of the company services.  Further, I would also like to 
mention that some of the statements made may involve risks and uncertainties.  Thank you 
and over to you. Mr. Anand Roy. 
Anand Roy: 
Thank you and good evening to all of you.  I thank you all for joining the Q4 & FY2022 earnings 
conference call of Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd.  I hope you, your colleagues 
and family members are all safe and healthy.  I will give you brief overview of the industry 
trends and developments that we have witnessed in the last few months as well as walk you 
through the company’s performance in terms of premium and distribution.  My colleague, Dr. 
Prakash will cover aspects related to claims including the steps that are underway to manage 
them.  Overall, the general insurance industry has reached gross premium of INRINR 2.2 lakh 
crore and registered a growth 11% for FY2022.  As regards to health insurance industry there 
was 26.2% growth in health and auto accidental business in FY2022 over the financial year 2021 
which was driven by 31% growth in Group Health business,39% growth in the Government 
Health Insurance business and Retail Health continued to grow infeasibly at 16.5% in FY2022 
over the same period last year.  With respect to Star Health, our GWP grew by 22.1% in FY2022 
over FY2021 to INRINR 11,463 crore with the Retailed Health segment growing by 22.4% in 
FY2022 over FY2021 compared to the industry retailed health growth of 16.5% in the same 
period.  In FY2022. Star Health has registered 33% market share in retail sales which is three 
times the second largest player in the industry.  As far as accretion share is concern, Star Health 
has registered 42% market share.  Agency business continues to contribute around 80% of 
overall business.  Our agency strength has increased to 549,000 agents with an addition of 
87,000 agents over last year.  Corporate agents, banks and other tie-ups have also picked up 
momentum and the premium has grown by 63% in this segment.  We had a number of positives 
in FY2022 on premium and distribution front.  We launched several new products during the 
quarter including Star Women Care Policy and Star Health Premier Policy.  Star Women Care 

                                      Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. May 2, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 18 
Policy, obviously covers women and their families which has many unique benefits and Star 
Health Premier is an offering for individuals above the age 50 years.  We have seen encouraging 
results for both the products.  As discussed during our last quarter earnings call, we have exited 
some of the large group health insurance policies during the quarter as evidence by the 28% 
reduction in group health premium during quarter Q4 FY2022 and this move should help 
improve profitability for us going forward.  Group Health segment can be split into employer-
employee groups such as large corporates and SME segment and non-employer-employee 
groups such as Group Master Policies for bank account holders.  We remain very positive on 
the SME and non-employer-employee groups.  Non-Employer-Employee Group policies are 
largely sold to retail customers of the bank and if we include these policies our overall retail 
growth is 23%.  Our recent initiative to grow rural business has been impressive.  It is proposed 
to be largely digital resulting in cost optimization model.  Currently there are 200 branches and 
close to 800 one-man offices that are covered under this vertical.  Health Benefit Plans 
including group such as critical illness and hospi-cash grew by 39%.  We intensified our digital 
initiatives during the pandemic.  Our app downloads have reached 1.46 million downloads, 
Digital policy issuance has been 60% in FY2022 versus 56% in FY2021.  Digital sourcing defined 
as premium collected directly from our websites as well as third party web aggregators and 
online brokers has grown by 34% year-on-year and now accounts for 6% of the overall GWP 
for FY2022.  We have launched our WhatsApp services in January 2022 in partnership with an 
Insuretech partner, we now have a conversational AI tool that can transform customer 
engagement for us on WhatsApp.  We also launched sales renewals through WhatsApp the 
initial results are very encouraging and we will talk about it soon.  We have developed an in-
house machine learning model to predict whether a customer will renew his or her policy 
before the due date and with what probability for.  The results have been very positive.  This 
model has improved our renewal retention before the due date by approximately 3.5% and 
prevented revenue leakage.  Quick quote engine the policy quotation can be generated easily 
by our agents in seconds on a user-friendly platform with minimal efforts ever since this loan 
out over 30,000 quotes were generated daily by our agents.  Benchmarking shows that our 
agent’s efficiency has improved over 40% and it leads to further higher agent adoption.  Our 
new CRM includes lead direct interrogation provided for websites, customer portals, 
WhatsApp and our Twinkle chatbot channel along with user-interface based lead allocation 
logic enabled in the CRM.  Language barriers and lead assignment is addressed and also 
Facebook ad leads and digital dialogues are enabled in the CRM.  All this resulted in a 300% 
increase in our lead and campaign managements results.  Now I would like to handover to my 
colleague Dr. S Prakash for claims related comments. 
Dr. S Prakash: 
Thanks Anand.  With regards to claims in Star Health Insurance for Q4 of FY2022, the claims 
ratio for Q4 of FY 2022 was 68.1% versus our Q3 FY2022 results of 104.6%.  Q4 FY2022 claims 
ratio has almost normalized to pre-COVID level excluding the COVID Omicron impact.  We see 
the trend continuing in April, 2022.  The provisional claims ratio for April is around 67.6%.  The 
combined ratio for Q4 FY2022 was 98.4% versus 135.7% in Q3 FY2022.  And combined ratio for 

                                      Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. May 2, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 18 
the whole year FY 2022 was 118% versus 122% for the previous year FY2021.  The claims ratio 
for FY2022 is 87.1% and claims ratio for FY2022 and would have been 65.8% without the impact 
of pandemic.  During Q4 FY2022, there were some impact of the Omicron wave.  The COVID 
claim incurred during the quarter amounting to INR 1.2 billion, excluding this COVID Q4 FY2022 
claims ratio is 63.9% only.  I just want to brief some of the initiatives on claims.  The share of 
hospital with the pricing arrangements, what we call as agreed network hospital, the cashless 
claims from these hospitals have a proportion of overall cashless claims and have increased 
from 55% for last year to 64%.  Cashless turnaround time (TAT) that is those claims which are 
addressed within two hours from the time of receipt of claims documents have improved to 
close to 90%.  For COVID claim TAT between 1 hour is close to 99%.  We have initiated the 
process of identifying hospitals called valuable service provides.  Currently, we have 1200+ 
hospitals, it is to help our valued customers to have hassle medical attention and quick 
processing of claims.  Overtime, we expect to have better control on bench staffing to valuable 
service providers by negotiating better prices and offering a superior experience to our 
customers.  We stepped up our telecommunication, what we call as Talk to Star close to 7 lakh 
consultations till date and wellness programs.  ‘Talk to Star’ our teleconsultation has helped in 
cutting down claims costs by giving customer access to experienced doctors for second opinion 
and alternate medical solutions.  So, in general, in terms of profitability Q4 FY2022 would have 
been a breakeven quarter excluding the impact of COVID and non-business ESOP cost.  The 
COVID claims entered during the quarter amounted to INR1.2 billion and non-business ESOP 
cost was INR0.55 billion.  Our investment assets have grown to INR 114 billion in FY2022 versus 
INR68 billion in FY2021.  Investment leverage which is investment book to net worth has 
reached 2.4 times as on 31st March, 2022.  We have further strengthened our gross IBNR 61 
crore, during the quarter taking gross IBNR reserves to INR 397 crore.  Solvency as on 31st 
March, 2022 is 1.67 times.  This was expected considering Q4 FY2022 is the biggest quarter in 
terms of premium and the cost of acquisition is accounted upfront.  As we speak, the 
provisional April, 2022 solvency is around 1.77 times and is estimated to improve going 
forward.   
We have introduced seven new products and added features to seven products during this 
year.  Our digital initiatives on sourcing and service side have given good results and we are 
progressing in the right direction.  To conclude, ladies and gentleman our focus on the 
attractive retail health segment continued during this quarter.  We believe that the worst of 
COVID in fact is behind us and things should only get more predictable going forward.  We 
continue to believe that we are placed to take the advantage of industry’s growth opportunities 
going ahead.  Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much.  We will now begin the question and answer session.  Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question, may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on their touchtone telephone.  If you wish to 
remove yourself from the question queue, you may press ‘*’ and ‘2’.  Participants are requested 
to use handsets while asking a question.  Ladies and gentleman, we will wait for moment while 

                                      Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. May 2, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 18 
the question queue assembles.  Reminder to the participants anyone who wishes to ask a 
question may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ at this time.  The first question is from the line of Swarnabha 
Mukherjee B&K Securities.  Please go ahead. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Thank you for the opportunity and good afternoon sirs.  My first question is on the retail health 
side on the growth wanted to know your thoughts on how you think FY2023 should turn up 
given that you now have 33% on the market share and have a quite sizable base going forward 
how do you think your growth could be on the current base? 
Anand Roy: 
We are very focused mostly on the retail health segments and we believe that we are confident 
of growing much faster than the industry’s growth rate as far as retail is concerned.  We have 
been able to showcase close to mid-20s growth rate in the past and we believe that we will be 
able to sustain the growth rate in FY2023 also. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Sir, the reason why I asked was because in Q4 there was slight tapering from that mid 20’s level 
so whether this was largely aberration because of the COVID wave at the start of the period 
that infected the distribution or anything else to read into that also? 
Anand Roy: 
Yeah, you are right, so Q4 of last financial year that is 2021 had a major COVID upsurge 
especially in the month of March and thereby the base was on the higher side.  So, there was 
little bit of tapering on the growth rate in the current input but having said that we have been 
to improve our market share during the year and also accretion rates are more than 42% of the 
industry.  So, I think we will be able to maintain the guidance which we are giving you. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Okay, in terms of the loss ratio going ahead, so if we consider that some amount of COVID 
claims will continue to be there so how much can we think in terms of generally you were in 
that 63-65% what you have guided in terms of loss ratio.  Does that include a steady state 
COVID claim that might come through or should we expect something like what you mentioned 
for April around 67.5% or so loss ratio? 
Dr.Prakash: 
See April, we do not have the exact figure as it is only a provisional figure but it should be 
somewhere between 64-65% because we had only yesterday the month has come to an end.  
So, we do not have the exact figures for April.  It should be somewhere around 64-65%.  With 
regard to your question on the COVID 19, the impact of pandemic we had seen a progressive 
decline from January to March and April also is very favourable.  The number of COVID claims 
are substantially less during April and the impact of pandemic as we could see for the whole 
quarter by number of claims it was around 4.7% and by amount it was around 6.3%.  For the 
month April, we are yet to study the numbers exactly. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Yeah, I mean Sir, what I wanted to mean was that there would be of course if COVID is 
continuous phenomena here on, like we will have to live with it.  So, then some amount of 
COVID claim should also continue to come all health insurer every quarter as you mentioned 

                                      Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. May 2, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 18 
here.  So, your guidance of loss ratio does that bake that in or should we expect a little bit 
additional over and above what you guide in terms of the loss ratio? That is what I wanted. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
Based on the experience some part of COVID is building as we spoke also that we have 
improved the IBNR also by INR 61 crore.  So, some part of COVID is definitely built into the loss 
ratio that we have been projecting. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Okay and also on the specialized product given that you have grown at a very strong rate, how 
were the profitability of those products and would there be any definite impact on loss ratios 
because they are now at around 15% of the mix. 
Dr.Prakash: 
See for specialized products are now contributing mostly 15% of our overall retail health GWP 
and specialized products are doing relatively well, when we exclude the impact of pandemic, 
we continue to see them favourably. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Okay, would that mean that loss ratio would be better than your blended loss ratio? 
Dr.Prakash: 
Yes, certainly the loss ratios are expected to be much less for our traditional specialty products 
like cardiac care, cancer care and diabetes care policies but recently, we have introduced 
exclusive policy for women care taking into consideration all the women-related health care 
needs and this product, we recently launched may be close to 5-6 weeks now and it is very well 
accepted in the market.  We are seeing a very good response and it is also reasonably priced 
high compared to our routine Family Health Optima and other Medi classic individual products. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Okay, that’s helpful.  Sir, if you could share, you had disclosed in the DRHP, loss ratio in SME 
and non-SME for the group business.  If you could share where it stands at end of FY2022 or 
Q4 FY2022 and also what is the percentage of non-employer-employee business in your group 
business. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
In the current year SME number is including the COVID so that is the reason, we have not 
disclosed it but we can share it offline, state of COVID and non-COVID.  In terms of non-
employer-employee with our new partnerships it has started to pick up very well.  We saw 
traction for Feb and March and that is the growth area in the coming period. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Mr. Mukherjee that you return to the question queue for the follow-up questions.  
The next question is from the line Avinash Singh from Emkay Global.  Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Couple of questions and rather clarification, firstly on solvency, can you clarify if my 
understanding is correct, basically the deferred tax asset is also hurting your solvency, I mean 
that going forward if you return to profitability and if your PAT is going to be INR 600 crore and 
PBT is INR 800 crore, broadly it is the INR 800 crore that will equally to the Available Solvency 
Capital.  So, basically my question is that okay if my understanding is correct that over a last 

                                      Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. May 2, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 18 
year Available Solvency Capital is more hurt by like PBT number because it is loss and also going 
forward because your solvency gradually requirement will move from claims to premium.  So, 
that is why the required solvency margin to go down.  So that is the question number one.  
Second in terms of growth basically, let’s break it down.  I am telling that on the growth side 
and that is my second question if the overall retail health is mostly around 20% and the public 
sector is growing slow that means the multi-line and SAHI put together are going to grow at 
24-25%. Is the target to grow in line with our multi-line and SAHI and they have the capital that 
is sort of going to support growth.  Two question first is the solvency my clarification and 
second on the growth target.  Thank you. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
Avinash to answer on the solvency, yes, it is correct that once we start towards profitability, 
we will get the benefit of deferred tax which currently gets weighted in the year of loss.  Second 
is, as we had spoken that with the lower claims ratio, we start moving to RSM 1 and the 
requirement of RSM 2 keeps on reducing, the gap between RSM 2 and RSM 1 keeps on 
reducing, that’s beneficial and with profitability along with deferred tax the actual PBT also gets 
added to the net worth.  So, all these three factors will contribute to the improvement in 
solvency and that is what we had commended that April, where we have seen around 64-65% 
loss ratio.  The solvency has jumped up almost 10 points from 1.67 to 1.77 times provisional in 
the month of April and we believe it will continue to move forward in the coming months. 
Avinash Singh: 
Yes and second question on growth then again sort of had some follow-up in the solvency.  
Second question on growth, are you targeting your growth to be in line with the SAHI and multi-
line, if the overall sector is going to grow at 20% because the public sector is going slow. SAHI 
plus multi-lines will be going somewhere around 25% or something.  So, what is your growth 
target? 
Anand Roy: 
Yes, see Avinash, we are looking at ensuring, as you rightly said a growth higher than the 
industry itself.  Now in the industry if you remove the public sector and only counting the SAHI 
and multi-line then we believe that you will be able grow at that pace or even slightly higher 
than that but our focus is right now not only on growth but also quality of growth that is 
something that we want to definitely make a change.  So, we have  decided that our 
underwriting in certain areas are getting more stringent and we are also looking at exiting 
certain loss making areas which I have already spoken about especially on the larger corporate 
side.  So that will definitely have some impact on the growth but we are confident that we will 
be able to growth faster than the industry. 
Avinash Singh: 
Okay thank you.  Just a few follow-up because your solvency side, of course I understand but 
you have clarified going forward you are going to get relief from two sides.  I mean of course 
on the Available Solvency Capital side, it is the PBT that will be aiding not just PAT.  And the 
second part is that on the required solvency side, you are saying that initially you are because 
particularly in the next quarter when the delta quarter moves out in the last 12 months, your 
solvency requires capital so gradually move more towards the premium factor than the claims.  

                                      Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. May 2, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 18 
That put together, I think this 167% solvency should not be a cause of worry for us.  Is my 
understanding correct? 
Nilesh Kambli: 
Absolutely, that is where we spoke available solvency which has improved and we believe in 
the next 3-4 months it should be well above 1.9 levels. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next line is from of Ajox Fredrick from Unifi capital.  Please go ahead. 
Ajox Fredrick: 
Hi, there thanks for the opportunity, I just have one clarification on unexpired reserves.  So 
how do we see that number going forward.  I am assuming there are two levers, one is 
unearned revenue and the other increased in risk reserve itself.  So, what is driving this 
increase, particularly in Q4? 
Nilesh Kambli: 
Yeah that is what we have been mentioning why Q4 the combined ratio is good but still it’s a 
breakeven quarter.  So, what happens in Q4 is, last quarter roughly 35-36% of our business 
happens in Q4.  With 1/365 losses of URR, large part of it is in the reserve.  Already growth on 
31st March though it is part of the net written premium, everything is URR because its only one 
day that will expire but balance 364 days earnings will come in the next following year.  So that 
is the reason Q4 will also have a higher URR addition to the unexpired with reserve.  Having 
said that one has to look at the balance sheet method of URR.  So, for the full-year basis net 
written premium to outstanding URR is around 56% and one has to look at quarterly net written 
premium and what the P&L impact of it on the URR.  It is slightly technically we can it offline 
also.  Quarter 4 it will always be higher URR number. 
Ajox Frederick: 
So, if we normalize it over a year that will be well and good. Okay, I understood that.  Sir, 
number 2 is on the non-operating expenses particularly the ESOP costs.  So, what is the runway 
there? 
Nilesh Kambli: 
ESOPs were granted on December 1st 2021, we said 12 months resting period, the first four 
months cost has come in the current year from 1st December to 31st March around INR 74 
crore.  The balance cost for 1st April to 30th November will come in 2022-23 which is around 
INR 150 crore, that is non-business expenditure it does not have an impact on the solvency. 
Ajox Frederic: 
So, this INR 150 crore is for this year 2022-23. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
Yeah 2022-23 balance INR 150 crore. 
Moderator: 
Thank you the next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal.  Please go 
ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Firstly, when looking at the growth when you are saying you will be able to grow oppose of 
20%.  Could you throw some light as to what would be drivers in terms of number of policies, 
premium increase, sum assured increase, what would be the key drivers for this? 

                                      Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. May 2, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Anand Roy: 
The focus will be on the retail side.  As far as the distribution mix is concerned Star Health is 
very strong in the Agency business and will continue to be the main growth driver and our other 
alternate channel like bank insurance, digital as well as we have started a new vertical for semi 
urban and rural markets, these will also play a major role in our growth for the current financial 
year as well as for the future.  But as far as business mix is concerned, last financial year we 
have been able to showcase more than 23% improvement in the sum insured of the policy that 
we are selling as far as new policies are concerned.  I think that will remain a focus our area 
where we would like higher sum insured policy and that will be something that we are 
incentivizing our sales team to focus on that.  We are also looking at some data points here 
where the contribution of higher sum insured policy that is 5 Lakhs and above sum insured has 
gone up from 50% in FY 2020 to 64% in FY2022.  I think that will be the trajectory that we would 
like to maintain to grow our retail business.  Distribution as I told will be heavily focused on 
retail piece. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir, what are your thoughts on price.  I think we took a 15% hike in our flagship where as in the 
previous year, what are your thoughts on price hikes in both retail health as well as group 
health. 
Anand Roy: 
See as far as retail health is concerned, as you rightly said we have taken up price hike in one 
of our leading products in the Family Health Optima.  We are also looking at revision in prices 
in some of our other products as we speak.  We are evaluating a couple of them and probably 
if the case allow, we will be filing that with regulator for a price revision.  But price revision is 
the last option for Star Health insurance we do not take it as a first option.  We tried to have 
internal levers, to promote profitability of those products by pushing for higher sum insured 
and reducing incentives. But we are looking a couple of products for price revision.  As far as 
group policies are concerned, we have already decided to be quite conservative as far as large 
corporate business is concerned because this segment unfortunately is loss leader as far as 
health insurance business is concerned. So, we are very conservative there but we are very 
positive about the SME segments and the other bank assurance set of groups which we are 
focusing on.  I hope that answers your question. 
Prayesh Jain: 
It does definitely, sir another thing was the URR question, on a full-year basis would you be 
prepared to presume a URR, if your industry with a growth of 20% plus and in a 35% of the 
business coming in the fourth quarter.  Is it fair to assume a 15-16% kind of URR for the full 
year? 
Nilesh Kambli: 
URR, you have to again consider as a balance sheet number.  If you take the schedule 14 
number, the outstanding URR divided by the net written premium.  It is roughly around 56%, 
that is the trend which will continue in future.  Then you can calculate, because it is the function 
of growth as well.  URR is not a standalone number, it is function of growth.  And when I look 
at that quarterly number for the outstanding URR and how it will release to the P&L. 

                                      Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. May 2, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay, and Sir lastly on the claims bit again, how are seeing the severity in the non-COVID claims, 
have they been raising substantially, per se on a pre-COVID versus currently what is the 
additional severity of those claim and whether we expect this severity to go down or one more 
point to that would be whether any COVID related amounts are being built in those claims right 
now, that would be my last question. 
Dr. S Prakash: 
The severity for non-COVID claim, if you see over a period of last four months, there is a 
progressive decline because I think people have got most of their medical issues addressed 
during the third quarter of last year and we are not seeing any fresh trend or new onset of 
epidemics or fever during this January, February, March and even April also.  So I have a feeling 
that there are no major surgical procedures waiting to be addressed as we saw during Q2-Q3.  
Here most of the pendency are addressed.  There are no fresh bouts of any infectious diseases 
and non-COVID claims we do not see any such in the last 3-4 months. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir, my question was more particularly if I had compared like-to-like between say claim on a 
particular surgery, currently versus pre-COVID.  How has been the severity and whether any 
specific COVID-related like the COVID test, or the PPE kit, are all those are still being recovered 
out of those, or how is the trend, has that changed? 
Dr. S Prakash 
Overall on the non-COVID front, severity there is definitely some decline compared to the peak 
of the pandemic and the Q3-Q4 whatever we faced.  So progressively month-on-month we 
could see some decrease in the severity for non-COVID claims.  Although hospitals are in the 
mindset of charging for some of the protective equipment and COVID related tests.  But we are 
able to have a better control with the hospitals and we could see month-on-month a 
progressive gentle decline in the average amount we pay per claims. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Ladies and gentleman in order to ensure that the management is able to address 
question from all participants in the conference, please limit your question to two per 
participant, should you have a follow-up question, we would request you to rejoin the question 
queue.  The next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from Spark Capital.  Please go 
ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, if you see the contribution of new business as a percentage of the total premium, what you 
have collected it seems to have come off to the 23% and if seen absolute numbers it has 
declined by 5% probably if I do a back calculation in FY2022.  Sir, just wondering if new business 
growth remains little muted compared to overall total premium growth in retail health and 
largely driven by renewals.  Then should we expect the loss ratios to be on the little higher side 
compared to what we have reported before or you are confident that the higher contribution 
of specialized products contributing to the entire premium which invariably has better loss 
ratios can compensate for any deterioration happening because of mix changing between new 
and renewal.  That is the first question I have and the second question is again thought the 
solvency as you have said has improved to 1.77 times in the April month on provisional basis.  

                                      Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. May 2, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Are we revisiting our reinsurance strategy to make it more capital efficient or given you get the 
kind of commission from the reinsurer, any thought process on that direction or any 
incremental object on that direction will be useful. 
Anand Roy: 
So, to address your question on the new business.  See the new business, current year’s 
performance is coming of a very high growth of last financial year for 2021, where the company 
was able to grow new business by 70% plus.  So, it’s purely a base effect and many of this 
COVID-related policies did not get renewed which were taken in the last financial year.  So, it 
had its impact on the current year’s new business growth.  But we are very focused on new 
business and contribution of the new business and we expect that this financial year, we will 
be able to substantially grow the new business also and the renewal business hopefully as well.  
So, the accretion will be the right parameter to see how the company is performing retail 
premium accretion that the company has almost 42% market share and we have been able to 
maintain somewhere close to that and grow that also.  So, I think that would be sufficient as 
far as our business growth plans are concerned.  I will request Nilesh to talk about the other 
second question. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Anand, just on the loss ratio if you expand a bit because of the mix, basically you are trying to 
say that the mix will go back to may be 27-28% or 25% plus kind of a percentage contribution 
of new to the total.  Then you are confident that 64-65% kind of a loss ratio is still achievable? 
Just to extend the argument. 
Anand Roy: 
Absolutely, the new business contribution will be upwards of 25% is what we are expecting and 
as a result of that our loss ratios traditionally have been hovering around between 64-65% we 
should be able to maintain that going forward. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Yes got it, on the reinsurance Sir. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
To add one more point, this FHO price increase that we have taken in August 2021.  Jan-March 
2022 is our biggest quarter, where these policies have got renewed and the benefit of this 
renewal will throw in the current year.  The actual benefit or the biggest part of benefit of FHO 
price increase will flow in the current year.  On the reinsurance part, we have been evaluating 
reinsurance but as we see that the things are improving, we have kept it is as a backup plan.  
Second is, as we spoke last time as well, incase if there is some urgency or COVID wave that 
comes in, sub-debt is an option available which will give us an immediate solvency booster.  
We have around INR 800 crore of sub-debt eligibility based on 31st March numbers.  But sub-
debt is definitely available. 
Sanketh Godha: 
And last one, out of the total claims that are settled, how much are cashless in nature.  You 
have said that large part are happening at the preferred network but it is that percentage of 
cashless claim.  So out of the total claims what we settle in year or in 2022, what is percentage 
is reimbursement or non-cashless in nature? 

                                      Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. May 2, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Dr. S Prakash: 
From the cashless, there is progressively increasing response to cashless.  Post the pandemic, 
Omicron wave, we could see hospitals opting more for cashless and by number of claims, it is 
around 64% cashless.  Financial outgo it should be more 72-73%. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it Sir, thank you very much, that is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you the next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA.  Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Sir I have two questions, firstly on the gross premium growth so while if I see the growth the 
Star has reported in FY2019, FY2020 and FY2021 is of around 35%, 27% and 36% on gross 
premium level.  So, while you have spoken about the levers you have, do you think these 30% 
plus growth level not just Star but even the SAHI players or the industry were seen due to that 
is something that can get repeated in the coming years of 2023-2024 or do you think that is the 
advantage that COVID gave you in the past years as sort of built in over there.  Secondly, on 
the hospital network we can see that you have added around 2000 hospitals in FY 2022.  If you 
can give a little bit flavour around these, are these hospitals more on Tier-II, Tier-III cities 
focused, do you get better rate in these hospitals than the rates you get from large hospital 
network and do you have any targets like I remember seeing a newspaper article where you 
spoke about, you will be adding one lakh agents every year.  Sir, do you have any targets on 
many hospitals you will be adding to your network.  Sir, these are my two questions. 
Dr. S. Prakash: 
We are seeing a lot of interest from the hospitals to be our network providers and we do 
around 200 hospitals in a month for empanelment. So it is not a matter of just increasing the 
number of network hospitals, it is the quality of the transaction and the number of claims. So 
we want hospitals who are scoring well in our assessment and who are valuable service 
providers to participate more rather than having more and more number of hospitals. The 
hospitals we are increasing to have a pan India presence so that a customer from the rural or 
Tier-2 city also should have an access to our network hospitals. But the quality of business will 
depend only we will see we will have to empanel them this year. Some of them are curious to 
be empaneled, some of them are effectively working after empanelment, and they are having 
a good insurance business in their turnover. So these things we will know only after a year, but 
in the last financial year, 90% of the empanelment that we had whether it is a bigger hospital 
or a smaller hospital, we are only doing it with a pricing arrangement. Before we used to accept 
hospitals based on the empanelment request if they submit all the necessary documents, but 
now we are making it as mandate that 90% of them get empaneled with us only if they accept 
to our pricing arrangement. So this newer empaneled hospitals when they start working 
actively with us with the pricing arrangement we have, we should be able to better address 
this immediately. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
To answer your first question on growth, as 22% growth was recorded for FY22 for FY2022 
against a large base. Accretion is the right number for a company of our size. More important, 
we have been able to increase the market share from 31% to 33% and going ahead, with large 

                                      Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. May 2, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 18 
base, quality of the growth is also important which we want to maintain. So we believe that 
22% growth of the current year is very good and important thing is to grow higher than the 
market growth and keep on improving the market share. 
Shreya Shivani: 
But you don’t believe that the kind of growth that you saw -- the industry was seeing of 30%-
40% in the past couple of years that you sort with you guys strengthening your underwriting 
and maintaining a quality of book, that would be a thing of the past, right, the kind of 30%-40% 
growth that you were seeing? 
Anand Roy: 
When you compare the other companies, I don’t want to name any, but you have to look at 
the size of the business and it is not fair to compare that Start Health has more than 65% market 
share in the SAHI space. So obviously the growth rates do not match. Given the quality of 
business and other parameters that is more important to us to now, we are looking at higher 
than the industry growth rates but focusing more on quality. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ansuman Deb from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ansuman Deb: 
So my question was regarding the slide number 8 that you have given in terms of the 
adjustments for FY2021 and FY2022, so essentially 21.3% is the COVID and the non-business 
ESOP cost adjustment in FY22. So remaining normative combined ratio for FY2022 would have 
been 96.6% odd. But in pre-COVID level, we were doing somewhere around 93%. So is this 
because of the higher growth and URR requirement, if you could just clarify on that. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
What we are saying is the full year non-COVID loss ratio which is 65.8%. There are certain COVID 
related protocols that these patients had to follow in terms of the PPE cost, in terms of the 
COVID test. That is what Dr. Prakash sir answered, right. As we move on COVID impact is getting 
over. The severity of these claims were coming down. For quarter 4 if you see, excluding COVID, 
the loss ratio is 64%. I think that will be right parameter to see pre-COVID and post-COVID loss 
ratio. And we’re confident that we will be able to achieve that in the coming period as well. 
Ansuman De: 
So basically it is difference that you are saying seeing also has an element of COVID related 
impact on the non-COVID cases as well. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devansh Nigotia from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Sir, just a reclarification for ESOP cost, we mentioned INR 74 crore for FY2022. We are guiding 
INR 150 crore for FY23. And what would be that number for FY2020. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
No. This is a one-time ESOP tranche given to the Chairman and CEO, which was given on 1st 
December and it’s for a 12-month period. So this is a definite fixed cost for a 12-month period 
divided in two financial years between FY2022 and FY2023. 

                                      Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. May 2, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Devansh Nigotia: 
So beyond FY2023 currently there are no ESOP which can be exercised. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
It’s a single grant which will get vested on 30th November after 12 months period. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
And what would be the renewal premium for us. So far I think last 4 years, we have disclosed 
the numbers. But let’s in the period between let’s say 2011 to 2017, the renewal premium 
based on volume and based on value if you can give just a directional number where would 
that number be? 
Nilesh Kambli: 
So renewal premium as we have disclosed it in the presentation on a value basis, it is 94% for 
12 months period ended FY2022. Volumes we have not disclosed. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Where would that number lie historically? Let's say, so for last DRHP we disclosed for 3 years 
and for this year, we have already disclosed. So let's say between period of 2011 to 2017, where 
would this range of renewals be for us? 
Nilesh Kambli: 
It's always around 95% to 97% on a historical basis. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
And when we say that our solvency ratio will improve, so assuming a 20% business growth, so 
are we clocking 20% ROEs in April, if that is the direction of profitability or if you can just share 
some comments. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
The combined ratio is something which will be stable. Profitability is a function of growth and 
the accounting method that is used. So for Q4 with the highest business, the cost is upfront 
because though the combined ratio is in that range, there won’t be much profit because the 
cost of acquisition of that business is upfront, so the profitability and the quarter will not 
match. It's a function of the growth quarter in which you are doing the business and the 
combined ratio for that quarter. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
And there was this one off that we mentioned. So if we look at our adjustments that you 
mentioned for FY2022, 21.3% includes COVID claims and the one-time settlement of INR 235 
crore in last quarter, correct? 
Nilesh Kambli: 
So the adjustment that we spoke about related to COVID, so to that extent, yes. All the COVID 
claims are settled. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Sir, regarding this one off if you can just highlight because when we looked at the results of 
other health insurance players, this one off did not come from them. So if you can just help us 
understand how is our business mix different from them that we had this one off for our 
business? If you can just throw some light over there. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
This one off that we spoke about it was related to COVID claims, which had come up for 
reimbursement settlement during Q1, Q2. And we had done certain deduction following ICMR 

                                      Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. May 2, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 18 
guidelines, state government guidelines. There were grievances, there were some directions 
from the regulator that these are your customers and whatever hospitals have charged, you 
will have to honour those commitments. We're not sure, it will be definitely there for other 
players in some quantity, not sure how much they have disclosed it, but that was the case for 
us and it’s within the year. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
This question might be repetitive, but let's just for UPR adjustment, when we look at the 
historical numbers using the 50% method against the one by 365 that we are currently using, 
how would the combined ratios change in that case? Let's say, in which case it would be higher 
order or in which case it would be lower? In which case reported PAT would be higher or the 
reported ROEs will be higher? How should one adjust the historical numbers to look at how the 
numbers will flow for us in the next 1, 2, 3 years? Just a direction on this. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
In terms of historical numbers, we had disclosed last three years in the DRHP FY2019, FY2020, 
FY2021 numbers and FY2022 numbers are also on one by 365 basis for us. Your second 
question on 50% profitability, now if you take URR to net written premium, it is 56%. So instead 
of 50% URR, you're actually at 56% URR for the current year, so that's the impact on the 
profitability that comes. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
So it's just that the absorption of operating expense and commission, which is the difference 
between these two way of accounting because claim ratios are any which ways for the 
premium. If that's the right understanding. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
Maybe you can take it offline in detail, it's very specific. We can explain you in detail in terms 
of how the accounting method is different from the 50% regular one. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
First, sir, you mentioned that a couple of products you're looking to increase pricing on, can 
you give us some sense on, what extent of price increase could you be looking at and what 
percentage of GWP are these two products? And second I wanted to get a sense on the industry 
given COVID claims were very high and you would have some sense of what competition is 
likely to do as well. Do you think generally for the industry, we should see increases in 
premiums? So, some sort of comments on that will be helpful. 
Dr. S. Prakash: 
There’s 2 products that we have recently launched and one is in the pipeline. All these are 
products with very attractive features, which the industry has not introduced. For example, we 
have introduced cover for a newborn baby from day one, and the antenatal and also 
procedures that can be done in-natal. So very, very passionately we are introducing new 
features like homecare, aftercare services, and rehabilitation, pain management and that sort. 
So, all these things, are well accepted by the customers and we are seeing a very good response 
and we have also priced it appropriately so that these products, we wish it should reach around 

                                      Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. May 2, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 18 
20% of our sales in this financial year, and that should give us considerably good premium and 
help us to have more fresh premium, which should subsequently help us in our loss ratio as 
well. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Sir, I think you had also mentioned that you were looking to raise pricing in 2 existing products 
or did I sort of miss anything in there? 
Dr. S. Prakash: 
You are right. The existing products, we are closely monitoring. One of our products is close to 
reaching the threshold and once it crosses the threshold, naturally, we will go for price revision. 
We are monitoring and it is in the pipeline. One product will be very close to like for submission 
for revision. The other product we’ll be closely watching. As it crosses the threshold, we are 
going to ask for revision. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
And sir, What percentage would those two products be of your GWP? 
Dr. S. Prakash: 
I was telling you it should be around 15%-20% this year, all new products we are going to 
introduce. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
I'm not talking about the new products, I'm talking about the existing products which are likely 
to reach the threshold of repricing. 
Dr. S. Prakash: 
That’ll need some time for us, because we are going to do the revision based on our actuarial 
calculation and it should undergo IRDAI approval and then post approval as we launch these 
products, we will get to know that these are all products that are contributing 10% to 15% of 
the premium so far. So if we are going to increase the premium by 15%-20%, so proportionately 
we may have some GWP benefits on that. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
And finally, any comments on what you see likely to happen in the industry. Loss ratios have 
been high for the last couple of years. So are we seeing sort of a re-pricing across the board? 
What's your sense? 
Dr. S. Prakash: 
The pricing is now not the only issue. There are multi-pronged approach is what we are trying 
to do. And there is also lots of support from the regulator in this direction. So I think, we love 
to look at acquiring more and more market share. So we have to optimize the price. At the 
same time, we will have to look at our loss ratios. So we are looking at multi-pronged approach. 
I don't want to reveal all that in this call. But with the new strategy that we are ideating and we 
are trying to implement this year, we generally look forward to a very positive outcome. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Sir, one question is, you have displayed some competitive data and it seems like in this industry, 
you are much above your competitors. So do you see any sort of consolidation play happening 
in this industry as such? Because obviously, there are no network effects. But then, there is 

                                      Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. May 2, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 18 
instance of one player of you being very large. How do you see the consolidation playing out? 
That is one. Second is, now we have gained some scale and we are talking about maybe 
doubling in the next three years. So are there any economies of scale that you see in your cost 
structure playing out for you, in the next three years? So while you've guided for a loss ratio of 
63% to 65%, and maybe that's completely variable, but on the expense side, do you see any 
economies of scale playing out for you as you further gain scale from the current size? 
Dr. S. Prakash : 
So with regard to the consolidation as such, we are in touch with the industry, and we don't 
find any news or we don't see any consolidation happening in the recent future. And on your 
second question, I'll ask CFO to address. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
So we believe, in terms of expenses, we always ensure that the growth in business is higher 
than the growth in our expenses, both on the cost of acquisiton as well as the operating 
expenses. And we believe that these contribute to operating leverage next year as well as years 
to come. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
So do you have any sort of a plan in terms of, for example, earlier in FY2020, you were at, let's 
say, around 26%-27% expense ratio. So where do you see this number trending in the next 3 
years? 
Nilesh Kambli: 
So this year, our expense ratio is 30.8%. This is largely on account of the change that we had 
done. Earlier you should transfer 3% claim processing costs. For the current year, based on our 
size and scale, we have transferred 1% cost from operating expenses to claims. So 30.8% 
directionally it will keep on coming down anywhere between 50 to 100 basis points giving us a 
benefit on a continued basis. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Per year. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentleman that was the last question for today. I now have the conference over to 
Mr. Nilesh Kambli for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
So thank you, everyone, for taking time this evening and joining this investor call and patiently 
listening to us. We look forward to a profitable and growth oriented FY2023 and the years to 
come. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Star Health and Allied Insurance Company 
Limited that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
                                                     

                                      Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. May 2, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 18 
                                                     This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
 
