 
 
May 06, 2022  
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
(BSE: 542726) 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE: INDIAMART) 
 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on results and developments for the 
quarter and year ended March 31, 2022  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
In furtherance to our letter dated April 26, 2022, please find enclosed the Transcript of Earnings 
Conference Call held on Friday, April 29, 2022 at 16:00 hours IST to discuss results and 
developments for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2022. 
 
The said transcript along with audio/video recordings are also available on the Company's 
website at https://investor.indiamart.com. 
 
Kindly take note of the same. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
(Manoj Bhargava) 
Sr. Vice President (Legal & Secretarial), 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No:  F5164 
 
Encl: As above. 

                
 
 
 
Webinar Transcript  
 
Event: IndiaMART Q4 FY2022 Earnings Webinar  
 
Event Date/Time: April 29, 2022 at 16:00 hrs.   
 
 
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal – Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal – Whole - Time Director 
Mr. Prateek Chandra – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Kushal Maheshwari – Head of Treasury and Investor Relations 
 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Ravi Gothwal:  
Good evening, Ladies and Gentlemen. I'm Ravi Gothwal from 
Churchgate partners and on behalf of IndiaMART InterMESH 
Limited, I would like to welcome you all to the company’s Q4 
FY22 Earnings Webinar. As a reminder, all participant line 
will be in the listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask question once the presentation concludes. 
Joining us today from the management side we have Mr. 
Dinesh Agarwal, Managing Director and Chief Executive 
Officer, Mr. Brijesh Agarwal, Wholetime Director, Mr. 
Prateek Chandra, Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Kushal 
Maheshwari, Head of Treasury and Investor Relations. 
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made in today's webinar may be forward looking in 
nature and may involve risk and uncertainties. Kindly refer to 
slide number three of the Earnings presentation for the detailed 
disclaimer. Now, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. 
Dinesh Agarwal for his opening remarks. Thank you, and over 
to you sir. 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
Good evening, everybody and welcome to IndiaMART’s Q4 
FY2022 Earnings Webinar. I hope you and your loved ones are 
staying safe and healthy. We have already circulated our 
Earnings presentation, which is available on our website as 
well as the website of the Stock Exchanges. I'm sure you would 
have gone through the presentation, and I would be happy to 
take any questions afterwards.  
I'm pleased to report that the Collections from customer for this 
year grew to Rs 934 crore in FY22 a growth of 31% year on 
year basis, Deferred revenue has also registered a growth of 
about 25% to Rs 907 crores as on 31st, March 2022, Cash flow 
from operations for last year was Rs 402 crores with 25% 
growth over last year. Consolidated revenue from operations 
of Rs 201 crores for the fourth quarter and Rs 753 crores for 
the full year representing a year-on-year growth of 12% and 
13% respectively.  
We also witnessed our highest ever Net customer addition in 
the last quarter, while doing net customer addition of 13,000 
paying subscribers at the end of March 2022. Our total count 
of paying subscribers is 169,000. A Supportive demand 
environment, recovery of lost customers growth in the number 
of channel sales partners and people in sales and service teams 
have helped us achieve this milestone, we are seeing a good 
growth momentum as we continue making investments behind 
growth and strengthening our product sales and customer 
service teams. The coming year will be the year of investment 
for us as we expect to add 8,000 to 9,000 net paying customers 
every quarter. At the beginning of the COVID 19 pandemic we 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
communicated that the margins will be elevated for the next 
few quarters due to cost control measures implemented by the 
company in FY21. Now with the business volumes recovering 
a portion of the cost have come back and we are doubling down 
on the growth momentum which we are witnessing post 
COVID. We have significantly expanded our sales and service 
team in Q4 FY22 alone. Our employee headcount has 
increased by 15% on sequential basis. Consequently, the 
expenses have increased in the similar trend. As I told you 
earlier, there has been an increase in the salaries across the 
board in the last six nine months as can be seen in the industry 
and elsewhere. Unique business inquiries for the quarter stood 
at 23 million with our 90 day repeat buyers standing at about 
approximately 55%.  
In the last quarter, we have announced the following 
investments, Rs 104 crores for 26% stake in Industry 
buying.com, an ecommerce platform for industrial and 
business supplies, this is operated by IB Monotaro of Japan 
who is a leader into the MRO goods ecommerce for the last 20 
years in Japan. Rs 91 crores for 16.5% stake in FleetX, a freight 
and fleet management software as a service which is used by 
corporates as well as fleet owners. Rs 46 crores for 51% in Live 
keeping, this has been announced and under the due diligence 
for the completion. Platform providing an add on service to the 
existing on-premises accounting software such as tally. Rs 17 
crores for 10% stake in Zimyo, it's a SaaS based HR 
management software for small and medium new age 
companies. Rs 14 crores for 26% stake in Realbooks, which is 
again a cloud based multi-location accounting software mostly 
used by multi branch multi location real time accounting. For 
the sake of our new participants two transactions that were 
announced in the last-to-last quarter are completed during this 
quarter. One, we have participated in series B investment round 
for our associate company simply VYAPAR and currently now 
hold 27% stake post the transaction. I am happy to announce 
that we have completed the 100% acquisition of BUSY 
Infotech accounting software company, which was completed 
on 6th of April 2022. All these investments are focused 
towards building a comprehensive ecosystem for enabling 
businesses and helping them doing business easier. So far, we 
have invested close to Rs 1,000 crore in aggregate in all these 
companies. Before I could conclude, I would like to say that 
we are very happy to close the financial year with good growth 
on all important metrics and we are optimistic about the next 
year and improving macroeconomic environment, increasing 
adoption of Internet by businesses and our strengthening value 
proposition will support the growth momentum at the 
IndiaMART.com. Now I would like to hand over the call to 
Brijesh to discuss about our investments, particularly in the 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
accounting space with updates on Busy Infotech. Thank you 
and over to you Brijesh. 
Brijesh:  
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. As we had shared 
during the last call accounting space is a key strategic priority 
for IndiaMART. It is a priority because it is also key in 
realising our vision of make doing business easy for 
businesses. Now apart from our investment in VYAPAR, we 
were able to complete two other investments which were in 
process. One is of BUSY and the second one of Realbooks, 
both done on 6th of April 22. We are in the process of closing 
the Live keeping transaction, which should happen sometime 
in May month itself. Now with these four investments in place, 
we have a portfolio of products that appeals to the entire wide 
spectrum of businesses from micro sized businesses to the 
large size businesses put together. Regarding Busy 
specifically, the business did a collection of roughly about Rs 
45 crores and they did generate cash from operations of 
roughly about Rs 10 crores, both of which essentially showing 
a growth of about 10% from what was done in the last financial 
year. Now post the closure of this or completion of this 
transaction, we are actively managing the business. We also 
now have a new head of finance, who's joined the team and 
helping us build the business. Our principal focus for this year 
is BUSY, essentially to ensure a smooth transition, because 
obviously there's a change in the management team there. The 
three key priority areas that we've picked up for us, one would 
be to double the growth in the top line and also grow the new 
customer acquisition base for the company and then further 
strengthen the team and that each that BUSY currently has, so 
that this entire growth can be realised. Now while we invest 
behind this, right, we are looking at, you know, continuing to 
build the Busy brand and make it far stronger. During this 
entire year, obviously, we would have better visibility on the 
integrities of the business. And we should also be able to go 
ahead and build a view on the timelines for these activities, 
which are required to cross leverage the strengths of both 
BUSY as well as IndiaMART. As far as real books and live 
keeping are concerned, we will continue with our existing 
strategy on you know, the investments where we have minority 
stake in the businesses, we will help the founders continue to 
scale the business. And then over the period of time, we would 
explore what are the deeper collaboration opportunities that are 
available to us. So, this is the update on the accounting and 
busy specifically, I'll hand over the call now to Prateek to 
discuss the financial performance in detail. Thank you, you can 
take. 
Prateek:  
Thank you Brijesh and Good evening, everyone. I will take you 
through the financial performance for the quarter and fiscal 
year ending March 2022. Consolidated Revenue from 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
operations for Rs 201 crores in the fourth quarter, a growth of 
12% year on year, driven primarily by increase in paying 
subscribers 
and 
marginal 
improvements 
in 
ARPU. 
Consolidated EBITDA was Rs 57 crores representing a margin 
of 28%. As we communicated earlier, margins during the last 
year were high due to low business volumes and related cost 
savings that were temporary in nature. Now with business 
volumes recovering and our focus on investing behind growth, 
we have significantly expanded our sales as well as customer 
services team that is responsible for the renewals and the 
upsells of existing customers. As you would have seen, our 
employee headcount is increased by 487 people in this quarter. 
Further Outsourced Sales cost has also increased by Rs 12 
crores as compared to the last quarter, in line with growth in 
paying subscribers. All these costs are recurring in nature. 
Therefore, we expect our margins to remain subdued as we 
continue to make investments for the growth ahead. Net profit 
for the quarter was released Rs 57 crores with a margin of 25% 
and Cash generated from operations during the quarter was Rs 
158 Crores. On a full year basis, Consolidated Revenue from 
Operations was Rs 753 crores with EBITDA of Rs 308 crores 
representing a margin of 41%, Net profit for the year was Rs 
298 crores with a margin of 34%, Cash Flow from Operations 
during the year was Rs 402 crores. As of March 31, 2022, Cash 
and Investment balance stood at Rs 2,419 crores, subsequent 
to the balance sheet date we have concluded our acquisition of 
BUSY for which consideration of Rs 500 crores has been 
discharged. Therefore, as of now, our effective cash balance 
will be approximately Rs 2,000 crores. In line with our policy 
of distributing return to the shareholders, we have proposed 
share buyback at a price of Rs 6,250 per share, for amounts not 
exceeding Rs 100 crores and further a final dividend of Rs 2 
per share has been recommended, for approval from the 
shareholders. Thank you very much. We are now ready to take 
any questions. 
Ravi Gothwal:  
Thank you Prateek. We will now begin the Q&A session. 
Please allow camera and microphone access if you wish to ask 
a question and use the raise hand option available on your 
screen. Please restrict to two questions so that we may be able 
to address questions from all the participants. We will wait for 
a couple of seconds while the question queue assembles. 
So, first question is from the line of Pranav Kshatriya from 
Edelweiss. Pranav, please go ahead. 
Pranav Kshatriya:  
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is regarding 
the 8,000 to 9,000 paying customer addition what you talked 
about. Should we expect, you know, this higher subscriber 
addition to have any implications on the ARPU, you know, that 
it shouldn't dilute because, you know, the subscriber addition 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
is going to be primarily at the lower end. My second question 
is can you provide a little bit more colour on the cost side, Q4 
tend to have the highest cost in the quarter and typically in Q1, 
one sees the cost, you know, sort of going down, for example, 
our Q4FY19, the cost was Rs 117 crore in Q1 came down to 
Rs 110 crore. So, should we expect the costs for the next 
quarter to be down? Because, you know, the variable notes will 
not be there in that quarter? And if you can quantify, that will 
be useful. And basically, the last quarter we were talking about 
roughly Rs 470 crores plus around 15 to 20 percent cost 
escalation on that sort of cost run rate for FY23. Is that a 
sustainable cost? And my last very small question is on unique 
business inquiries. You know, that has tended to be plateaued, 
in fact, it is down 1% on a year on year. You know, what is 
happening here? Because I think, you know, that's a very 
important parameter for ensuring higher, you know, customer 
growth and satisfactory inquiries for the paying customers. 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
Thank you, Pranav. 9,000 customers will have a minor 
implication on ARPU in the near term. Yeah, as the bulk of the 
customer gets added at the bottom of the pyramid, it may have 
a little bit of difference on the ARPU side. But over the time, 
it will catch up, we are confident that as we are going to be 
building a little bit of a differential pricing here and there. I 
think on the platinum side, our price momentum continues to 
be good. Now coming to the cost run rate and Q4 versus Q1, 
because we are on a ramping up over time. And we have added 
500 odd people in the last quarter itself also added many new 
channel partners and they have added people at their end. So 
much of that could have been in the February and March. So I 
don't expect this time around Q1 cost run rate to come down. 
In fact, cost for the March is running at around Rs 50 crores 
plus, which, you know, is going to be reflecting in our 
increased costs for quarter one, as we're doubling down on the 
growth. Now, so that answers the new cost run rate, as well as 
the Q4 versus Q1. On the unique inquiry side, last couple of 
quarters has had this unique demand on the medical supplies, 
medicines, mask, and other things, which I think as the COVID 
is subsiding, is going down, which is good. It is not a mark. So, 
I think if you really see pre-COVID, the traffic and unique 
inquiries have anyway gone up by almost 50%. We used to, if 
I remember correctly, we used to model our business were 
about 500 unique business inquiries per customer per year. 
Now we are already at 600 odd.  So, I think we have enough 
scope there. I'm not worried on the flattening of the unique 
business inquiries, as the business will settle down. Now that 
schools are opening up, the school sector which is used to 
consume lots of inquiries that are coming back. Hotels are 
opening up; travel is opening up. So, I think all that will come 
back because we represent almost like 50 industries, the 95,000 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
categories. It keeps happening in some of the industries. The 
inquiries go up inquiries go down. Currently there is a lot of 
pressure on the commodity pricing because everything is 
inflationary. So that's why also there could be some slow 
demand, but I'm not worried on that side. Thank you. 
Pranav Kshatriya:  
Yeah. Thanks so much.  
Ravi Gothwal:  
Thank you Pranav. Next question is from the line of Ambit 
Capital. Vivekanand, please go ahead with your question. 
 Vivekanand:  
Hi, thank you very much for the opportunity. I have two 
questions. So, can you tell us about the churn levels across 
customer segments? So, whether it's silver monthly, gold and 
platinum, that's one. Secondly, what is the progress of 
integration of some of the older investees like VYAPAR and 
BIZOM, you have had shareholding in these companies for a 
while and I believe that their power is in an area of immense 
interest for you, which is mobile accounting software. So, if 
you could give us an update on that? Thank you. 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
As mentioned earlier also, Platinum and gold churns are back 
to almost pre COVID levels, we see less than 10% annual 
churn in gold and platinum customers, and we are back to those 
levels. In terms of monthly and silver annual and MYR I think 
there is continued to be affected because and when and why 
our customers are coming up for renewal now, there as we 
guided the churn rates remain between 25% to 30%. It remains 
there, it has definitely improved from during the COVID level. 
And churn depends a lot on the vintage of the customer, as first 
year is higher, second year term is lower, third year churn is 
further lower.  A challenge for the lower churn in the silver 
monthly customers, I think we have gone down from 6% to no 
more like 5% per month. So, hopefully this will increase 
number of customers because two thirds of those customers get 
added to silver monthly, we should be able to look at the churn 
more positively in times to come as the economy keeps 
opening and as the network effects become stronger. On the 
investment integration, On the Vyapar side we have started to 
do a little bit of a cross selling. So, if you take a IndiaMART 
new subscription, you are offered the first-year subscription for 
free. I think about 20% of new subscribers who offer 
IndiaMART they are taking a trial package. We haven't yet 
looked back, and we get some money paid on the ounce length 
basis for the referral of those customers from Vyapar that 
would be visible in the financial numbers in the related party 
transactions. On the reverse side, we have not yet done much 
an integration where Vyapar customers could be present on 
IndiaMART, we are looking at talking to them if we can 
integrate IndiaMART search within our application for those 
people if they need anything to buy. It will be more like 
advertising IndiaMART within the Vyapar platform. So that 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
what we have done on the BIZOM side, we continue to learn 
from their business, their business is more corporate in nature 
and more enterprise in nature, we haven't been able to do much 
integration so far, I think far closer we should be able to do 
better integration with Livekeeping going forward. So, I think 
those are the updates, and most other investments have 
happened in the past year alone.  
Vivekanand:  
Just one follow up on the investees. So, Dinesh ji and Brijesh 
ji in the next 12 to 24 months, should we expect IndiaMART 
to make many more new investments? Or will you be focused 
more on the existing investees perhaps putting money in the 
series B C D rounds? Can you give us some colour on that? 
Thank you. 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
During the COVID time, we looked at almost 300 companies 
in these two years. Given that there is a limited scope of the 
number of the startups within the SME B2B kind of space. I 
think that deal flow has reduced considerably now because we 
have scanned quite a bit of market now. So, your question is 
right that I think from now on a lot more focused on trying to 
understand these businesses, trying to integrate these 
businesses and do the follow-on investment as we have done 
in Vyapar, the past series investment. So, Series A, we invested 
about Rs 31 crores, and then we invested about Rs 62 crores 
more in Vyapar. So, I think follow on investments would be 
required. We have recently announced the follow-on 
investment in Super Procure as well as Legistify. So, I think 
going forward, less of new investment we will continue to look 
for, but more of existing investments. 
Vivekanand:  
Thank you, and I wish you all the best. I'll come back. 
Ravi Gothwal:  
Thank you, Vivekanand. Now we'll move on to the next 
participant Abhishek Bhandari from Nomura, please go ahead 
with your question Abhishek.  
Abhishek:  
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I have two questions. First, 
if you can give us some ballpark cost number, is it fair to 
assume it'll be like Rs 150 Odd crore per quarter for FY23, 
that’s the first part. Secondly, could you also help us 
understand you know, how are you trying to control attrition in 
your sales team, servicing team, you know, because in most of 
the services sector, we are seeing a very high attrition level and 
very incremental hiring is too expensive. I know which is a cost 
item for us. So, if you could help us on these two parameters, 
it will be helpful. 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
As we are investing aggressively behind growth and salaries 
are also increasing, and there is no respite from the increase in 
wage inflation. All I can say for the next quarter or so, let's 
assume Rs 155 crores, whatever it is, but going forward, as we 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
increase our number of customers, we will definitely need 
more people to serve them. Because for every 70-75 Odd 
customers, you need one person, and you need to build that 
pipeline early on. So, I think all the costs for this entire year 
will remain on the investment side. Because we can see that we 
can probably get a similar level of collection growth and 
customer growth as pre COVID levels. On the acquisition side, 
I think one we have done aggressive salary revision which you 
can see in the in the cost side as well as we have also issued 
ESOPs to about 365 new people, new and existing people. So, 
over and above 500-600 People who are still under the size of 
2018 is 100 additional people have been included in the ESOP 
programme, which will be further going on for the next three 
four years. so, I think that is also reflecting or starting to reflect 
in the cost side of the employment if it makes sense. So, we are 
doing levels, we have also announced quite a bit work from 
home or work from anywhere. So, for most of the people who 
were working behind the desk or behind the telephone, most of 
them are allowed to work flexible working days. So that also 
we are trying to do, so multiple areas we are trying to work 
upon. Hopefully, that should result into a better vintage. As of 
31st march, now we have around more than 200 people who 
are more than 10 years old, i.e., more than 10 years old in the 
organisation, about 800 people or more than five years old into 
our organisation and I don't know if you noticed, we are 
probably the first company to adopt a weekly pay salary 
structure in the country. US accepts bi-weekly pay and in 
Australia, New Zealand it is a weekly pay. We are the first 
company in India to adopt and this is applicable across all the 
levels. So, 100% of our employees are now getting weekly 
salaries. So hopefully, these things should be better. We have 
been a good employee retention company, and hope we 
continue to be there. 
Abhishek:  
Sure. So, one more question if time permits. So basically, 
what's your thinking on you know, long term growth rate of 
ARPU, I think you said in one of the earlier questions that since 
most of the guys are entering at the lower end of the package 
that is dragging down the growth and ARPU, but if you could 
give some indication around the pre migration trend and the 
increases you're seeing in the Premium Pack value, you know, 
as an ARPU, and longer term, do you think you really have a 
pricing, you know, capability to enforce 4 or 5% kind of long 
term, you know, increases on your ARPU of your customers?  
Dinesh Agarwal:  
Yes, so I believe that the long-term trend of 5% will continue. 
Because the top 10% i.e., top 1% customers to top 10% 
customers give us about 45% revenue today, which means their 
ARPU is about 1,80,000 odd. Now we have started to disclose 
another number, if you see on the slide number 20 of the 
presentation top 1% contribute about 17% of the revenue, 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
which means that ARPU of about Rs 8 lakh, which is 1,700 
Customers close to 2,000 Customer giving us eight lakh 
rupees. So, in the near term, yes, it may have Rs 1,000 dent on 
the overall ARPU that you can see, primarily not because 
customers will start to pay low, it is the denominator which will 
increase substantially. But our gold and platinum ARPU 
continues to be healthy and continues to improve year on year, 
we have particularly reduced the ARPU of silver because we 
want to invest behind the growth. So, we are confident that the 
5% long term CAGR should be possible.  
Abhishek:  
If you can give the ARPU growth of premium customer what 
has been the trend for last few years? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
I can come back on that because I don't have that number 
handy. But let's take another question. Another think is that if 
you look at the leads, that we are giving to every person, 
whether it is platinum gold or silver, we are the lowest cost per 
lead platform across all the whether it is Facebook, whether it 
is Instagram, whether it is Google, nowhere you can get that 
kind of a cost per lead for gold and platinum, our cost per lead 
turns out to be around Rs 15 for a silver cost per lead to Rs 30 
or so. So, we have taken a look, we have a lot more power to 
increase the prices in the long run. We are going slowly 
because as the base needs to expand for better network effect 
and for better matchmaking, we are going slowly and also it 
gets complicated as you go and try to get every dollar for the 
worth of the platform that is delivered. So, we are going slow 
which is easier on sales. Simple plans with flat pricing kind of, 
as we slowly and slowly introduce differential pricing at here 
and there will continue to get 5% Jump may not be this year, 
but over a long period of time.  
Abhishek:  
Thank you and all the best for the year. 
Ravi Gothwal:  
Thank you Abhishek. Next question is from the line of Ratik 
Gupta from Guardian Asset Management. Please go ahead 
with your question.  
Ratik:  
Hi sir, thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on 
the Sales per Employee. So, you have although mentioned that 
the sales employees have increased in the later half of Feb and 
March, but the per employee revenue has been decreased. So, 
are we seeing to going to that level or is this the normal level 
what we are expecting in the coming quarters? 
Dinesh Agarwal:   
Per Employee Revenue, right?  
Ratik:  
Yeah, Revenue Per Employee.  
Dinesh Agarwal:  
I think it will catch up over a period of time because you know, 
the customers new customers are being added at lower revenue 
per customer itself, but we need to allocate similar number of 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
employee whether the customer is paying you Rs 30,000 or the 
customer is paying you three lakh rupees, at least the headcount 
to service them remains the same. In fact, as the customers 
move to a higher ARPU, they become far more self-aware 
about the platform and requires much lesser servicing to be 
done. It's a counterintuitive, but yes, we allocate much 
expensive resource to serve them, but less frequently it is. So, 
I think, in this particular year, you may see that revenue per 
employee will remain a little bit lower as the cost will remain, 
but it will all catch up because if you look at the collections, 
and the cash flow from operations, all of that will catch up. In 
the past also, I'm telling even during the IPO and before the 
IPO, we had Rs 182 crores of cash from operation, but only Rs 
60 crores of, you know EBITDA margins, which got catch up. 
So, ultimately the cash flows will reflect into the profit 
Ratik:  
Okay. And sir, do you have in hand, the revenue breakup 
between the platinum, gold, silver annually and silver 
monthly? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
We already declared that top 10% which is similar, which is 
more or less platinum customer, the platinum customer we can 
assume top 10 customers, our top 10% customers, which is 
about 17,000 customers, today, they contributed 45% of the 
revenue which means the ARPU is about 1,80,000 And you 
know silver monthly remains at around 25 to 35%. The rest is 
all silver MYR and gold. 
Ratik:  
And what can be the reason for such increase in the other 
expenses for this quarter as compared to the previous quarter. 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
That expenses is not it is the output sales expenses. The other 
expenses have remained stagnant. Because most of the new 
acquisition a lot of new acquisition happens through channel 
partners and employee on the partner payroll. So that is all what 
is reflected in the other expenses. And within that it is 
outsource sales cost  
Ratik:  
Okay, that's it from my side. So, all the best for the upcoming 
results. Thank you. 
Ravi Gothwal:  
Thank you Ratik. Next question is from the line of Mihir from 
Ambit investments. Please go ahead. 
Mihir:  
Yeah, I hope I am audible. So, my first question is, what are 
the other investments which you have made or are looking to 
make to drive growth and that is over and about increasing 
count? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
Can you repeat your question once?  
Mihir:  
Yeah. So, my first question is, you said that you made 
investments to drive growth. So, are we looking to make any 
additional investments other than increase in headcount? 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Because we've seen traffic growth being almost kind of flattish. 
Are you also looking to make investments to drive traffic 
growth in addition to subscribers? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
 If you see pre COVID, we used to get 60 million traffic per 
month, which increased to now close to 90 million per month. 
So, traffic has already grown, we have not monetized in the last 
two years. Now. In order to monetize, our monetization model 
is mostly SME driven and field, driven and people driven, as 
you can see, on the people slide. For many people in this 
lesson, so many people in this channel partners, so the traffic 
had already grown now we need to monetize that traffic for 
next couple of years or so. So, if you mean to ask whether I'm 
going to invest on the advertising to bring the traffic or not in 
the near future, but even in the past, it has not been a very large 
amount even if we do but that has nothing is planned in this 
calendar year for sure. 
Mihir:  
Okay, and just a simple basic question that what are the factors 
that have driven such a high substantial subscriber growth 
from, like 6,000-7,000 to almost 13,000? And what gives you 
the confidence that we'll be able to make more than 10,000 
Subscribers additions to the quarter? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
Yes. So, as I said, one was there is a supportive economic 
environment. The second was recovery of the lost customers. 
Because if you see, during the two COVID waves, we had 
cumulatively lost about 20,000 customers. So, I think many of 
those customers by themselves came back and said that they 
wanted to come back to IndiaMART. And second, we increase 
the number of people in sales, as well as the number of channel 
partners. And most of this, about two thirds of those customers 
come at the silver monthly level, and 1/3 of those customers 
come at the silver annual level. 
Mihir:  
Got it. Got it. So just pushing a bit on it. But would it be fair to 
assume that the Subscriber edition of this quarter can be 
replicated in the future quarters?  
Dinesh Agarwal:  
No, no. So, as I said, it, this was a lot of one off, manage that 
fourth quarter is always the seasonally best quarter for us. As 
you can see, historically, also, March quarter is the best one. 
But yes, as I'm typing those 8,000 to 9,000 customers, we will 
try to earlier, we had the capacity to add 5000 to 6000. And 
now we have built the capacity to add up to 9,000 customers, 
let us see how the churn behaves, because the customer 
attrition is a function of new customer acquisition, minus churn 
since we have started to acquire many new customers now in 
the last 3-4 months, as they will become six months old or nine 
months old. And we can say that first year churn is higher. So, 
I think we will come to know about the steady state level of net 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
customer attrition per quarter. But let's assume for the next two 
quarter 8,000 – 9,000 
Mihir:  
Got it. Thank you very much. 
Ravi Gothwal:  
Thank you here, reminder to all the participants that you may 
use raise hand option on your screen if you wish to ask question 
and also accept the request to come on stage and ask the 
question. Amit, you can go ahead with your question.  
Amit:  
Yeah. Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So, my first question is 
on the salary costs. So, as we have seen the salary costs going 
up. So, now, in that how much would be fixed and the variable 
costs that we have incurred in this quarter? And is there any 
bunching up of sales incentives that we have given in the 
quarter because we have not given incentives earlier. So, and 
also in terms of incentives, are we giving the incentives 
weekly, as we have you know change these salary model? So, 
are the incentives also going out weekly or is it still like 
quarterly or annual basis? 
Prateek:  
Sure, so, if you look at our manpower expenses, in three heads, 
the salary incentives and the Stock based compensation and 
Gratuity and leave encashment. The salary for this quarter had 
been roughly around Rs 74 crores as compared to Rs 60 crores 
in the last quarter. So, there is an increase of Rs 14 crores in 
the salary side and incentives were almost five crores as 
compared to two crores last quarter increase of three crores 
there. And all the other expenses, the Stock-based 
compensation, Gratuity, leave encashments combined were 
appear on nine crores as compared to three crores last quarter. 
So that should give you the increase by the elements of the total 
manpower cost.  
Dinesh Agarwal:  
And in terms of incentive dispersal, I know new client 
acquisition incentive dispersal happens weekly. Client 
Servicing incentives are disbursed fortnightly. However, the 
entire salary is now being disbursed on a weekly basis. Okay. 
Amit:  
And sir you mentioned about in the margin around it is around 
like Rs 50 crores per month. So, this cost is excluding the 
acquisition right. So, that we have made busy so, that will be 
integrated next quarter, so, that the cost of like this acquisition 
will be additional to this right. 
Prateek:  
Yes, so, as we concluded the busy transaction in the month of 
April that could be the one-time cost of completing the 
acquisition and other than that, it will get consolidated from the 
next quarter onwards, we would give you a separate breakup 
of the revenues as well as expenses in the Busy business 
separately. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Amit:  
Okay. On the like, you mentioned about the channel partner 
model that you have been investing in that. So, if you can 
elaborate more on that, what exactly is it and how it is like 
benefiting us? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
So earlier we used to have our own branches everywhere and 
we could not afford very small branches because we have our 
own management structure sales managers. So, in many cities, 
we could not cover far flung areas in tier-two towns, we could 
not cover many, many of those areas. So, I think one, we have 
a team, and we were forced actually, we during the COVID. 
We were fooled that most of our allies went home, and they 
were mostly working from home only could do telesales. So, 
we as much COVID effect was there on the metro cities it was 
not there on the tier two cities. So, we started experimenting 
with channel partners in tier two cities. And we found that it 
was a good model one profitable model for a small proprietor 
or a small firm owner to run our business. And then we started 
to experiment even in the bigger cities. In any case, they all use 
our own CRM system with you know, our own mobile CRM 
as well as desktop CRM, we assigned the companies we 
assigned the leads, it is only that we are now able to operate as 
smaller branches which are operated by a channel partner. 
However, we have a manager who looks at each one of those 
personally. So, this particular model starts as a fixed pay 
model, but over the time, we are able to move it to the variable 
pay model, we have done that for many channel partners. It is 
only last six months or so, that we have asked them to increase 
salaries similar to IndiaMART salary levels and that's why you 
see outsource sales cost increasing, so, I think the model is 
working and we will keep evolving as and when it requires 
better. 
Amit:  
Okay. So, in the channel partner model, the incentives are 
higher than what we give or is it on a revenue share kind of a 
model? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
I think it is the same as our site, there are no differences  
Amit:  
And how much of the subscriber addition that you had has been 
coming from the Channel Sales buttons, if you can give some 
number. 
Dinesh Agarwal:   
So, between if I, give you some number about 1/3 will come 
from say field channel partners 1/3 will come from our own 
tele verses or field telesales combined and 1/3 will come from 
our own outsource sales employees that we have on our, 
currently it is like that, which used to be 80% ours and 20% 
telephone, pre COVID.  
Amit:  
Okay. And so, in terms of technology, what kind of 
investments we are making? So, we have around 7 million free 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
suppliers on the platform. And out of that only around 2.5 or 
3% is paying so are we intending to increase that further with 
the help of technology and on no salespeople and rather use 
technology to penetrate deeper to separate areas.  
Dinesh Agarwal:  
We use technology to predict who will benefit from our 
platform, what kind of customer will benefit from our platform 
and whom should be approach, but for the SME customer as of 
now, it is as you can see earlier 100% of the sales, we used to 
happen from the field sales people have learned a little bit now, 
a lot more sales are happening on telephone that itself is a 
technology adoption. Our online sales are pure online sales, but 
most of them almost 40% of our sales are coming from people 
who come and give a lead online and say that I want to do this 
service online or who add a product online and then we 
approach them. So, it is not that all of these people are doing 
only pure database calling they are all working on a proper hot 
lead system. And those leads are everything that a visitor does 
on our app or on our website, whether he adds a product 
whether he looks at a buy lead whether he tries to do any 
payment all of that is recorded and then we use the intelligent 
engine to say that he is the one who is more likely to benefit 
and then run technology. So, I guess you know, we are already 
a good profitable company over the period of time, technology 
has eased our margin level well however, if you can see the 
current light technology and content cost, which used to be Rs 
100 crores every year has now gone up to Rs 32 crores per 
quarter. So, we are already investing quite a bit behind 
technology. I don't know if you notice that this particular time, 
we have declared another number which is the replies and call 
back number on our lead manager. And they're almost close to 
a million conversations that have started to happen beyond our 
discovery platform. So, technology is being used at all the 
places one to identify which supplier, two to do the better 
discovery and matchmaking and three to make them converse 
between the buyer and seller, both. 
Amit:  
Okay, sir, like one last question from my side on the buyback. 
So, we have around Rs 100 crores of buyback. So, like maybe 
I was wondering that, No, like it could have been higher and 
because the quantum is very small, and because we are almost 
done with acquisitions, and we have cash on our books, so is it 
like it and also on the promoters, are the promoters like going 
to participate in the buy back?  
Prateek:  
If you look at in this particular year, we have announced Rs 
100 crore buyback and then another two rupees of the final 
dividend subject to the shareholders’ approval. Now, combine 
this including taxes and everything this would mean an outflow 
of close Rs 126 – 130 crores, which would be if you see the 
cash that we've generated for this year, it's been roughly around 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Rs 400 crores which will be almost 1/3 of the cash that we've 
generated. So, basis this we have decided to propose the size 
of the buyback and as we go along, we want to see depending 
on the cash flow generation and the cash requirements, the 
Board will visit this every year. And we'll come back on the 
suitable shareholder. The second question was on the 
promoter’s participation to that would be to the extent of their 
entitlement that would be the pro rata to the share only to the 
buyer issue size. 
Amit:  
Okay, so thank you and all the best for the future. Thanks. 
Ravi Gothwal:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mr. Anuj Sehgal 
from Manas Asian equity. Please go ahead with your question. 
Anuj:  
I have two questions. One on the employee cost. If I look at the 
annual trend, the employee cost per employee went down in 
FY22. If I divide the employee expenditure by the total number 
of employees so Is that to say that the extremely high wage 
inflation that you're talking about only started to happen 
towards the later half of the year? And what is your trend in 
terms of employee? You know, expenses per head going 
forward? And my second question is, if I look at your buyers 
on the platform, it's about 149 million as of end of FY22 is a 
substantial 20% Jump from last year. What drove that? And 
can you explain when you say that, I think if I remember 
correctly, 38 million of those are recurring or current buyers, 
meaning they have done a transaction in less than one year, but 
the ones that have added have they just been added and have 
not done any transaction because I can't really understand when 
there is a big jump in the number of buyers, why the ones who 
have transacted with IndiaMART is only a very small piece. 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
So, first on the wage inflation, so, you were right, the wage 
inflation typically started to happen only around, I think, June 
or July onwards. So, we started to respond something 
sometime around June first and then again in January. So, you 
are seeing mostly in the later part. So, that would be visible 
going forward as well. On the buyer side, so, on slide 26, there 
is increase from 125 to 149 million Buyers, which is about 24 
million new buyers got added in this year. So, among this 38 
million, 24 million new buyers who came in and transacted this 
year, and from the past another 12 million or 14 million, which 
transacted this year. So that's how you see this, that's why we 
started to report this number. 
Anuj:  
So, 35 million going to 30 or just an increase of 3 million that 
is the existing buyers who have transacted or increased Is that 
what you're saying? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
38 has two portions one is the 149 minus 125 which is just 24 
million. So, 24 million has definitely transacted in this 38 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
million. Now the other 14 million came from the previous 125 
figure. 
Anuj:  
Got it. So then is that also to say then that assuming at the end 
of FY21, you had one qualify, so only 14 of them continue to 
transact which is just about almost a 10%. So, 90% of the 
buyers on the platform are actually ideal? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
They are not on the platform; these are registered buyers till 
date. So, if you want to look at the platform, let's go to the 
traffic slide. On the traffic slide, this is when you say that a 
billion visits have happened, these billion visits have happened 
by close to half a billion people out of those half a billion 
people about 40 million have projected. So, 10% of the people 
who visit ended up doing some transaction, transaction means 
ended up doing some inquiry. 
Anuj:  
Right. So, just to be clear, the 149 million is not the existing 
number of buyers on the platform like as you say right? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
That is why we report that unique buyer. So, if you go to unique 
buyer slide this is the current people who are buying. 
Anuj:  
Right okay understood. 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
And then people buying on a daily basis for any anybody who 
comes today and looks for a pen comes to three days later and 
look for a pencil those are two different buying, but this is a 
better number. 
Anuj:  
Right understood and then on the cost side you as I mentioned 
earlier, your actual cost per employee was down 4% in FY22, 
but what is your expectation of that number going forward in 
terms of wage inflation. Did you say 15% earlier? 
Dinesh Agarwal: 
 So, if we look at the quarter quarterly number that will give 
you better because you know the yearly number has changed 
dramatically in the last two three quarters. Last quarter run rate 
number will give you some better idea.  
Prateek:  
I just wanted to add there that if you see one that wage inflation 
also happened in the second half of the year. The headcount 
addition also started hitting up in the second half of the year. 
Therefore, FY22 is not reflecting the whole year cost of the 
increases that has happened which is why we may be getting a 
4% reduction in the average cost of the employee. 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
If you look at the financial, what happens when you issue 
ESOP or SAR it is the front loaded, the cost comes front loaded 
while the vesting happens till ended. So, if you have 10-20-30-
40 vesting the cost becomes 40-30-20-10. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Ravi Gothwal:  
Reminder to participants. If you wish to ask question, please 
raise your hand option on your screen. Next question is from 
the line of Chirag of Kinu capital. Please go ahead.  
Chirag:  
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir I just wanted to ask the new 
salesforce that has added in this year which part are they added 
in? could you give it in terms of percentage that they are added 
in like this percentage is added in metro cities, this percentage 
is added in tier two and rest of India. 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
So, if you go to our slide, there is a buyer seller geography city 
wise. This is slide no. 12 and you can take a similar slide of 1 
year old, that will give you the metro vs tier 2 vs rest of the 
India paying subscription suppliers. 
Chirag:  
I am asking for employees, the salesforce that has added.  
Dinesh Agarwal:  
The salesforce that has added, mostly added in the metro cities 
and tier two.  
Chirag:  
Are we facing any kind of issues in growing paid suppliers in 
metro cities right now? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
No. Infact now metro cities are reviving after COVID. Because 
metro cities were most effected during the covid because most 
of the lockdowns were imposed there. Infact last two years or 
18 months of Covid lot of clients came from telephone or tier 
two. Now we have started to refocus on metros. 
Chirag:  
Okay good to hear that. Last one question, is it possible for you 
to provide data like you are providing for paying subscribers, 
is it possible for you to provide data for total suppliers that are 
available? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
That would be market intelligence. 
Chirag:  
Okay. Thank you so much Sir. 
Ravi Gothwal:  
Thank you. With this we come to the end of the Q&A session. 
Now I hand over the call to the management for their closing 
remarks.  
Dinesh Agarwal:  
Thank you very much everybody. I think this has been a great 
year for us after a very muted FY21 where we had a negative 
collection growth, we have gone up by 31% and the good part 
is we are exiting the year at a higher net customer runrate also 
which is also very and we have completed the acquisition of 
BUSY and now we have a very good foothold on the 
accounting space so looking forward to a great new financial 
year and thank you for joining the conference call. In case if 
you still have some queries left which have been not answered, 
you can reach out to our investor relation team whose email id 
has been given on the investor ppt. Thank you very much. Have 
a nice day and a great weekend. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Ravi Gothwal:  
Thank you everyone. On behalf of IndiaMART we now 
conclude this webinar, you may now exit your lines. Thank 
you. 
 
 
 
Notes:  
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
2. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent 
of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
