 
 
 
 
 
SIS Limited  
(Formerly Security and Intelligence Services (India) Limited) 
Address for correspondence: #106, 1st Floor, Ramanashree Arcade, 18 MG Road, Bangalore- 560 001, Karnataka 
Registered office: Annapoorna Bhawan, Patliputra Telephone Exchange Road, Kurji, Patna 800 010 Bihar 
Website: www.sisindia.com Tel: +91 80 2559 0801 E-mail ID: compliance1@sisindia.com 
CIN: L75230BR1985PLC002083 
 
 
 
Date: May 9, 2022 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 
Dalal Street 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051  
 
 
Mumbai-400001 
 
Company Symbol: SIS 
 
 
 
Company Code: 540673 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call – Q4 FY22  
 
Please find attached the transcript of the earning call conducted on May 5, 2022.  The transcript 
is also available on the Company’s website at www.sisindia.com.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 For SIS Limited 
 
 
 Pushpalatha K 
 Company Secretary 
 

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“SIS Limited” 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RITURAJ SINHA – GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR – SIS 
INDIA 
MR. DEVESH DESAI - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - SIS 
INDIA 
MR. BHARAT BAKHSHI – PRESIDENT (M&A, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS AND VENTURES) - SIS INDIA 

 
                                                                       SIS Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the SIS Limited Q4 FY2022 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Devesh Desai from SIS Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Desia! 
Devesh Desai: 
Thank you very much. A very warm welcome to everyone for our Q4 FY2022 earnings call. 
Along with me, I have our Group Managing Director, Mr. Rituraj Sinha, and our newly joined 
President for M&A and Investor Relations, Mr. Bharat Bakhshi. I hope everyone has had an 
opportunity to look at our results, the earnings note and update which has been uploaded on the 
stock exchange and the company’s website at www.sisindia.com. 
 
We are extremely happy to report that FY2022 was a landmark year for SIS Group. We crossed 
the Rs. 10,000 Crores annual revenue mark for the first time in our history and the last quarter 
also was one of the strongest quarters of growth for the group with revenues touching a record 
high of 2648 Crores. Other recent developments which are noteworthy are that Terminix is all set 
to become a 100% subsidiary of the SIS group. Execution of the agreements are imminent, and 
we also recently made our first investment as part of our SIS venture initiatives in a company 
called Staqu Technologies which is a video analytics company. I would now like to handover 
back for the question and answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the questions and answer session. The first question is 
from the line Rahul Chopra from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Chopra: 
Good morning. I have three questions, first is on terms of the growth. I mean looking at your 
graph I think I could see a nice uptick in March in terms of revenue for the industry. I just want 
to understand basically what is the seasonal is it probably relating to reopening of office and 
basically kind of conversations you have with these clients the reason reopening the economy so 
I just wanted to understand, it is more uptake of security jobs being deployed given the reopening 
so I just want to understand what you have basically discussing, just to understand. Thank you. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Rahul thanks for that question. The great thing is that growth is clearly back and it is back across 
segments, it is back across security in India, in cash in India, in facility management in India and 
also in international markets we are seeing uptick in tender activity and clearly growth is back 
across all four segments and this is a mix of new activity around the new orders, new tenders, 
new RFPs but then it is also a lot of volume that had contracted during COVID in the IT sector, 
in the hotel industry various other subsectors which saw deeper COVID impact. They are coming 
back to full operationalization now and that is leading to lot of volume recovery as well. The 
third element which is the price change, the three legs to our growth storage, volume growth, 
new orders, and then price change, the third angle is still not in play and we are hoping that 
sometime this year we will see as the economy opens up and goes back to growth trajectory we 

 
                                                                       SIS Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 16 
will see a wider minimum wage increase across the country and that will be supplementing our 
growth opportunity at hand so generally a good momentum coming back around. 
Rahul Chopra: 
Understood. I mean just to followup on that since you mentioned price. So are you saying that 
you have not clearly passed on price increase to the extent you would probably like to so should 
we expect probably some uptick of gross margin as well as the year progresses or broadly you 
have to be where you are looking at few gross margins? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Actually, it is not that we have not passed on price increase or that there is no lag on our part. 
The problem is that Indian on an average pre COVID was witnessing a 9 to 10% minimum wage 
increase per annum that is like a 10 year trajectory before COVID happened. During the COVID 
year this percentage has dropped to sub 5%, it is like 2%, 3% in some states because the 
government has been weary of pushing the minimum wage for obvious reason. Now as the 
economy goes back to full scale operation and inflation is putting further pressure on the lower 
middle class income levels one is looking at all indicators that suggest that there should be a 
reasonable minimum wage catch up maybe not in one shot, may be over a period of time but one 
expects that this should be coming back. 
Rahul Chopra: 
I have a few followup Ritu, if I may, one on operating margins I mean which is sequentially it 
was quite down obviously there was a bit of impact as we can see in the press release maybe if 
you could just help us just to understand the moving parts sequentially what was the delta 
increase in onetime bonus and the discretionary payments, just help us understand the bridge and 
maybe how should we think about margins coming back to sub 5% level. I mean trying to 
understand should be more like FY2023 or should it look more like FY2024 get back to this 5.5 
or 5% margin which we are probably leading to? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
I personally believe that because the gross margin is intact across businesses and growth 
momentum is coming back I think in the next three to four quarters we should be at our pre 
COVID level but then again I would like Devesh to explain the segment wise split and what is 
happening to give you greater clarity across all four verticals. 
Rahul Chopra: 
I will be just interested In India vertical because that is what probably I think the market is 
looking at. 
Devesh Desai: 
As Rituraj said that with the growth momentum coming back and the revenue going up, the gross 
margin continues to remain intact and it is a matter of getting the volumes back in shape to get 
the EBITDA margin but of course in this quarter and the year we had certain extra costs, one off 
cost. COVID continues to impact us as far as SG&A is concerned. We did incur significant 
amounts in this year on protection measures and mitigating measures for COVID. Even in the 
last quarter it was less than the earlier quarters as mentioned in the note. In the earnings note we 
have also mentioned what those amounts were, the one off costs and discretionary payment costs. 
The other thing I think which we all need to appreciate is that in FY2021 taking cognizance of 
the situation we did manage to roll back and reduce a significant amount of costs on rental, 

 
                                                                       SIS Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 16 
travel, consulting and various other stuff that was almost 50 Crores in the year. Now of course 
with activity picking up and economy opening up these have all started to come back in the 
system and those costs are now getting reflected in the P&L. As Rituraj said over the next three 
to four quarters with growth coming back, we hope to come back into the pre COVID level of 
earnings. These are the factors which have impacted us this year. 
Rahul Chopra: 
Understood. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vidit Shah from India Infoline. Please go ahead. 
Vidit Shah: 
Thanks for taking my question. My first question was on this Mahanadi coal field contract that 
we won of roughly 220 odd Crores. Can you shed some light like what sort of service is being 
provided there for 3000 guards the average revenue per guard is fairly high compared to what we 
are averaging for the rest of the business? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
This is a pretty standard security contract but there is use of vehicles, there is use of technology, 
equipment. There is also use of people who are trained in fire, fire trained people. Other factor is 
that the mining minimum wage is higher as it is a central minimal wage which is higher than the 
average state minimum wages so all of this put together is the reason why you have a higher per 
guard realization in MCL type contract. Please remember that the central minimum wages in 
India are significantly higher almost 50% higher than the national average minimum wage per 
state. 
Vidit Shah: 
Fine and this 220 odd Crores that you mentioned is the annual value of the contract or is it multi 
year. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
No it is a multiyear contract. 
Vidit Shah: 
Understood, also just trying to understand this strategy and get some clarification on the fund 
incubator strategy where you say that 75 Crores is what you are planing on investing across 
various start up adjacent to the business so is this 75 Crores per year or is this what the total fund 
is to be invested across multiple years? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
As of right now it is just a clearance we have taken from the board for up to 75 Crores. It is not 
defined as per year or multi-year but it does not look like that we will be investing anything close 
to 75 Crores in a single year or doing that every year back to back. The larger idea here is that in 
the security space there is lot of startups emerging, which are adding a lot of value using artificial 
intelligence. Like for example there are millions and millions of CCTV cameras in the country, 
but then most of CCTV cameras are used for recording footage and supposedly after an incidence 
happens you can go back and refer to it so there are what we term as dumb cameras, they are not 
intelligent cameras they are basically not proactive about anything. They are basically for 
recording evidence which is not really helpful. What companies like Staqu are doing now is that 
they are putting AI technology for various applications. Like CCTV today can count the number 

 
                                                                       SIS Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 16 
of vehicles going into a parking. They can count where the people are charging for the parking or 
they are using pass to charge or they are collecting or cash. In a factory type set up beyond 
security they are actually able to count who is spending how much time on the shop floor, who is 
taking more breaks, who is taking less breaks. In an e-commerce warehouse they can count the 
number of cargo packages coming, cargo packages going out so they are able to use CCTV 
cameras not just for making it proactive and intelligent. They are also using the CCTV camera 
what we call beyond security application which are a major value add for customers and the 
beauty is that it does not require you to invest further in capex. It does not require you to changes 
your CCTV cameras. The technology that is being built is generally capable of working on any 
reasonable IT based CCTC system so these are future product. Similarly, there are various other 
experiments that are happening in the FM space which are around energy efficiency of buildings 
etc. In cash logistics there is a lot of merchant based cash collection and cash delivery systems 
which are happening so there is lot of tech being used in our space. Is it possible to sort of 
incubate all this 10, 20, 30 different items buy ourselves? Probably not because it requires a 
different kind of DNA to be able to do that. So what we have decided is that lot of these start ups 
need large platforms like us to connect them to pilot their product and solutions and it suits us 
because we are basically on technologies that could be potentially value add through us in the 
immediate term and who knows maybe five year down the line there could also be replacement 
technology so that is what we should be investing in. SIS has always taken a lead to experiment 
with new ideas. We started experimenting with Cash in 2010 when it was not such a significant 
industry. We started getting into Facility Management in 2009 when it was not what it is today. 
We started experimenting with alarm monitoring and response services which is VProtect 
business for home security, for ATM security in 2015 way ahead of the time went it really 
became an important product especially around COVID so similarly we believe in the next 5 to 
10 years some of these ideas will be major ideas and that is what we want to take small positions 
to help them scale not all of them will succeed, but the bigger problem would be for SIS to turn 
its back and say that these technologies do not matter. So, this is a bit of future insurance if you 
would like. 
Vidit Shah: 
Just a followup on that. I am presuming Staqu was also part of this 75 Crores approval. Just in 
terms of valuation of Staqu, I mean how do you look at the start ups and how do you value these 
because if I understand 5 Crores for 7.5% odd is roughly a valuation of 60 Crores when FY2021 
revenue was around 3 Crores so that is significantly higher than the previous acquisitions that 
you have made. You said in the past that you would be investing at the right value and your 
previous acquisitions have been fairly successful in doing that. When it comes to state funding 
and startup could there be a diversion to the method or no. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
We are conservative investors so that does not change. Who knows about the right value of 
startup space here. I mean we have Zomato and PayTm right in front of us where the entire stock 
market or Nykaa for that matter. So, I would not get into how they should be valued in the start 
up space. What I can tell you is Staqu as 3 Crores revenue that is fine. Their order book will take 
them to 7 to 10 Crores in the coming year but most important for me they are not burning cash. 

 
                                                                       SIS Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 16 
They are almost 0 cash Burn Company on a monthly basis which I believe demonstrates not just 
the unit economics. They are making money per camera per months but more importantly the 
mindset of the founders so that is what we believe and I do not think that it is a higher value. We 
have taken reference of other deals in the space and I think we have got a very good pricing from 
that perspective and we also have another VC fund investing with us who have again done their 
diligence. Not just our own diligence but somebody who specializes in VC funding, so we both 
are entering at the same price point. 
Vidit Shah: 
Understood and just one final one for Devesh if I may. Just about the tax rate what should we 
assume for the tax rate going forward given 80JJAA benefits flowing through again so what is 
the tax rate in the international business. I am presuming the standalone business will be a zero 
tax. 
Devesh Desai: 
Yes, you are right. Tax rate in the international business you could take it as an average of 30%. 
For most of the India business getting 80JJAA benefit it is close to zero. 
Vidit Shah: 
Okay fine and this is likely to continue for the next four to five over a long term. There is no 
indication that after certain level of guards are surpassed.  
Devesh Desai: 
So there is no threshold on the amount of guards. There is threshold on the salary paid to the 
guards that will become eligible for the benefit and that is Rs, 25,000 on an average, so I think on 
an average we are still some way away from it, If 80JJAA section continues and we do not have 
another repeat of the last two years we expect to continue growing and getting the benefit. 
Vidit Shah: 
Okay thanks. That is all from me. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishab Sisodiya from Concept Investwell. 
Please go ahead. 
Rishab Sisodiya: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir I have a few questions on the Cash Business EBITDA. Like 
the current quarter we have 10 or 20% EBITDA margin so how confident are you on this part. Is 
it a sustainable margin that we should look ahead? 
Devesh Desai: 
So, part of this 20% margin this quarter was based on our balance sheet review. There were some 
provisions we had which do not seem to be any longer required so that has been taken into this 
quarter and that skewed this quarter a bit. Last quarter I think was 11% or so, so 20% is a bit of 
aberration over here. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Let me just add to that. We believe that on a steady state cash business we are doing initial 
double digit margin, 10 to 12%. It has cleared potential and trajectory to head towards 15%, and 
like Devesh said 20% is not something we are forecasting at the moment but I am glad that you 
asked that question because what I think goes unnoticed or unrealized or not fully captured is the 
fact that SIS is also the second largest cash logistic company in the country and it is a 400 Crores 

 
                                                                       SIS Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 16 
business. It is run rate is 40 Crores a month right now so it is clocking close to 500 Crores on an 
annualized basis already so on the pipeline it is very strong and we believe that this business can 
be scaled rapidly in the coming one to two years as cassette swap minimum standards and other 
price enhancing features come into play so I guess overall this is a great opportunity for us and 
we are very bullish about it. We will continue to invest in the space going forward and we 
believe at some point in the future stock market will take cognizance of the fact that right now 
our cash business is pretty much assigned negligible on nil value. 
Rishab Sisodiya: 
Thank you for the brief answer on the next part is thank you if you could give me the DSO for all 
that business for the full year and are we seeking any inorganic opportunities going ahead 
Devesh Desai: 
I think the DSOs are there in the earnings note for every segment have a look at it please. What 
was the other question? 
Rishab Sisodiya: 
Any inorganic opportunity that we are seeking in the domestic or in the international business? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
SIS is predominantly an organic growth story and it remains so but you know that since IPO we 
have made several acquisitions and most of the acquisitions have demonstrated our ability not 
just to get in the right valuation for more importantly to be able to integrate and post integration 
grow the businesses whether it is unique, whether it is DTSS, whether it is SLV or any other 
business or even let us say our investment into international markets we have been able to 
demonstrate that and that has been mostly our history of acquisition in the last 10 years so we 
will keep looking at acquisition opportunity but we must understand that our growth when I say 
that we want to go back to 20% growth in FY2023 that is not dependent on M&A. If there is an 
opportunistic thing that comes up and we get a fair price it is one of the targets that we have been 
sort of tracking for several years definitely so you must remember that if M&A happens it will 
happen in security cash FM, the spaces that we know where we have demonstrated capability. It 
will always happen for either market share enhancement in certain key pockets or growth or to 
enter a new service segment and we will maintain the discipline around IRR of 21% in a 
conservative case which is the basis of our financial model and our investment case. As of today 
short answer would be that are we looking to acquire something in the next three months we do 
not have any deal at that stage. 
Rishab Sisodiya: 
Thank you for that. Last question if I could, given in the last year we had lot of COVID revenues 
be it the international business and the Indian business. A lot of hospital revenue I guess rare 
might have done really well on that part in the last two years so going ahead as we see the 
economy opening up, the IT sector opening up which leads to be a very big contributor to our 
revenue and so how do you see this shift happening. Will you see the IT revenues coming back to 
the pre-COVID level or do you see the hospital revenue repeating a bit from? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Let me just correct you there. You know the beauty of the SIS model is that things like security 
and facility management services are used by everybody. We are not 30% - 40% revenue coming 
from one sector. The biggest sectors that we have likes of IT, BFSI etc or even manufacturing 

 
                                                                       SIS Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 16 
they are all in teams, 10, 12, 13% contribution to overall revenue. The reason why, SIS did what 
it did during the COVID period in terms of 7% growth in the first year and 10% growth in the 
year that just concluded, is because we are customer segment agnostic. Coming to the point you 
are making IT is coming back we believe that is going to be a bonus for us because we started 
growing in manufacturing, in mining, in health care in various other such sectors before and now 
that retail is coming back, IT is coming back, hospitality is coming back they are just going to 
add to our growth opportunity. 
Rishab Sisodiya: 
Right Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kashyap Pujara from Broadview Research 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Kashyap Pujara: 
Devesh and Ritu, just couple of questions. India security business you have mentioned in your 
notes that gross margins were intact so the margin dip is largely due to maybe other expenses like 
COVID etc so just wanted to understand going forward now that COVID has receded can we 
expect the normalized margin trajectory for the India security business to be visibile in FY2023 
or do we still have cost which are sticky in nature and we might not get there. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Kashyap the COVID related cost are now literally negligible right. The vaccination exercise has 
been largely concluded so COVID costs are negligible. What you are witnessing in India security 
business is us ramping up a growth. We are adding more than 50 people on our sales team. We 
have restarted opening branches. Other things that were pending or that were not done during the 
COVID years like some increment catch up, the onetime bonus pay out. These are all things that 
are basically impacting the EBITDA line of India security business so that is what I said. This is 
not COVID. I hope that COVID expenses do not come back. It is basically expenses like Devesh 
explained that being curtailed like travel, like hotel accomodation, like all of those things, 
meetings, trainings all of these are coming back, rentals etc are coming back and at the same time 
you are also investing in growth levers because we believe every crisis is followed by a fresh 
opportunity, a turbo charged opportunity. We think that we are poised to gain market share in the 
current environment and we are funding for that and I have said always that growth will be a 
priority for us. As far as margins are concerned they are important. Margins will go back up but 
Kashyap I think we had the chat before. For me the ultimate metric is return on equity. If margin 
and my growth put together is delivering me close to 20% return on equity ultimately that is the 
metrics that matters. 
Kashyap Pujara: 
That is fair. Just to understand that if we kind of end up growing that you were mentioning 
FY2023 broadly in this business. It would also imply that you will get leverage on our branch 
cost given that COVID expenses were no longer there and you can kind of bulked up on setting 
up branches and incur some of those expenses so logically there should be operating leverage 
which would flow through as a function of growth that you are perceiving so it is logical to 
expect some margin expansion from where we are maybe. 

 
                                                                       SIS Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Correct you are absolutely 100% right that as growth picks up operating level starts to flow, but I 
can tell you just on a lighter note then you will also see more working capital employed in the 
business and then probably next time you are talking we will be discussing why working capital 
is going up but anyway that is the nature of our business. 
Kashyap Pujara: 
But as long as you maintain 40 to 50% conversion to EBITDA and manage to show a 20% return 
on the capital and end up growing I think that is a fair way to think about it how the model will 
work.  
Rituraj Sinha: 
Boss I have been saying it from the first day since we went to IPO, the metric I have measured 
myself and it has 70% promoter held company. The metrics that I measure the business are, 20% 
growth, 20% return on equity and greater than 50% operating cash flow to EBTIDA as long as I 
am hitting these three metrics or close to these three metrics, I think directionally we are going 
well. So for a fact we are only doing 10% growth versus 20% right. Our return on equity 16, 17% 
against 20% and our operating cash flow to EBTIDA would be close to 50%. Last year Kashyap 
if you remember FY2021 where we grew slower we had more than 100% OCF /EBITDA but 
that is wonderful right from perspective of many people but for me that is just a bad idea because 
it shows that I am not reinvesting in the business. 
Kashyap Pujara: 
One more question was on the cash logistic side. A lot has not been spoken on that business and 
definitely this quarter the numbers were pretty good. Just wanted to understand how you are 
thinking about it from a growth trajectory in this business going forward. You did mention a 400 
Crores annualized run rate, 500. What are your broad thoughts here over the next three years in 
terms of revenue growth and second is that do we see a normalized 15% margin in this business 
by when. In the next year can we look at it or going forward because I think it may be making 
sense to start valuing this vertical as well which has not been assigned any value so far? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Thank you Sir. I have to be grateful for actually capturing that but let me answer your questions. 
So next three years we want to double the business and I think if it delivers anywhere between 12 
to 15% I am happy with that. I do not want to tighten every screw and shut out every large dollar 
and take it to 18%. I am not a private equity player yar. I am not optimizing my EBITDA. 
Honestly speaking as long as we have seen a reasonable profit line it is growing fast, capturing 
market share, I am not having to acquire and pay for acquiring ATMs etc. I had rather invest 
organic growth then make expensive acquisitions. I am not saying that acquisitions in cash are 
bad idea. I am just saying that organic growth is a higher return on equity scenario so that is my 
guidance, 12 to 15% is what you can work with. 
Kashyap Pujara: 
Fair enough. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rama Krishna from Zen Wealth Management. 
Please go ahead. 

 
                                                                       SIS Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Rama Krishna: 
I think just as a continuation to the previous question and the answer that you are giving. I am 
just trying to understand I mean we have just evolved coming out from two difficult years and if 
things normalize from now on, slightly longer term horizon maybe next three, maybe FY2025 I 
am just trying to understand your thoughts in terms of the ROE target that you had or the growth 
target that you had or the cash flow conversion target that you had so how close would we be 
FY2025 in terms of meeting those target as a business across the business segments and in terms 
of balance sheet the leverage kind of say so there is some kind of holistically thought process if 
you had gone through internally if you would want to share from the next three years perspective 
where we can expect SIS to be from now by FY2025. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
I can only talk to you about our vision 2025. We set out a vision 2025 last year and obviously 
from a growth perspective we only grew 10% this year so it is not our best growth. Yes, given 
the context it is wonderful but it not 20% plus. The good news is the key metric if would like to 
draw your attention to which actually will probably help you get a clearer answer. If you look at 
the earnings note in the first section I have put out a chart that explains the SIS security FM, cash 
business, international business revenues pre COVID March 2020 and then March 2022 24 
months later. If you see that chart, you will see that not one but all businesses have grown 
through this period, so in a year when economy contracted FY2021 they grew. FY2022 when the 
economy came back they grew and hopefully in FY2023 when the economy really picks up 
momentum then we have larger prospects to grow that are the true power of essential services as 
a segment. It has a very interesting correlation to GDP. When GDP expands you grow two and 
half times GDP. When GDP contracts you actually do not shrink, you actually continue to grow 
so it is a like blend between defensive sector and having advantages of consumer play so that is 
there real base for the security or FM or cash business what we call essential services and I 
believe if this rolls out for the next three years we will be in a position to double or market share, 
in security, in cash, and in FM right and that is our key goal. We want to double our market share 
and we want to step up from services company to becoming a solution driven company by using 
more and more technology and increasing our margin for every Rs. 100 that we invoice out. 
Rama Krishna: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aasim Bharde from DAM Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Aasim Bharde: 
Hi afternoon team. So first question actually was on the cash logistic business so firstly can you 
just give me a revenue break up of what all in the cash business right now and when you say you 
are the second largest in the space how do you define that. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Second largest is by revenue and the split of 40 Crores monthly invoice value right now 
approximately would be 40 to 45% CIT (Cash in transit services) and another 30 odd percent 
would be ATMs (ATM replenishment services) and the remainder would be door step banking 
and other bullion services etc. 

 
                                                                       SIS Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Aasim Bharde: 
Sir I just wanted to understand the gap between EBITDA margin and net profit margin. So I 
think EBITDA margin we get about 14 odd percent this year. If I just to calculate just to add 
Prosegur share back into it and add it to the share of profit of associate line times in the report, I 
think the net profit margin is less than 2% while EBITDA margin is 14% so what would explain 
the gap between the two. 
Devesh Desai: 
Being a capex heavy business, and with every contract being related to a deployment of a vehicle 
with specialized fabrication and specialized equipment and treatments to the vehicle, most of this 
gap between EBITDA and taxes is a towards depreciation and financing cost. As you would also 
know the new MHA and RBI compliance norms require vehicles to be new and not more than 
seven years old, so now the rotation of vehicles has become faster and also mandatory. With the 
new contracts we are having to replace vehicles and that is where the capex is being incurred and 
resulting in interest and depreciation cost being as high as it is. 
Aasim Bharde: 
So when you say you want to double the business in next two to three years. Of course some of it 
will come because of the compliance norm but fair to say that the gap between EBITDA margin 
and the net profit margin would still be at a similar level, 14% EBITDA and 2 odd percent for net 
profit. 
Devesh Desai: 
As time going by, the average age of the vehicles is going to come down. So right now, with the 
transition happening at a fairly rapid pace, the age of vehicles is becoming higher in the short 
term but the average age of the vehicles going down and this gap is going to increase. You 
should see a better net profit margin over the years. 
Aasim Bharde: 
And on VProtect just how much is VProtect as a percentage of India’s secutiry revenue in 
FY2022 and what was it in FY2021. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
So as of right now VProtect would not even be contributing 1% to the revenues of India security. 
It is fairly small business but it is delivering more than 20% a big deal and very soon we will be 
touching the 10,000 connections mark. We have roughly 6000 connections in the bag to be 
deployed. Lot of connections deployment got hung up because of COVID and all the issues that 
happened in the last year but we are strong believers in that business. We think that in the next 
one to two years it could be more than 100 Crores in revenue. It will continue to be only 2/3/4/ 
5% of India security consolidates but that 5% will add a very significant piece to the overall India 
security margin so far. 
Aasim Bharde: 
Just a followup on this. You mentioned that you have an order book of over 6000 site and you 
will be touching 10,000 once you add that and I think in your release. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
It is close to 10,000 and we will be adding another 6000 closer to 15k. 
Aasim Bharde: 
Okay fine. Thanks for the clarification and just finally just wanted to understand. How do you 
see your capital allocation so basically we get back on the growth trajectory that you are talking 

 
                                                                       SIS Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 16 
about and cash flow generation of 50% plus and I assume there will not be any major M&A in 
the near term, some smaller ones are fine but in terms of cash deployment will we be going back 
to the dividend route or would you be focusing on maybe cutting out international debt because 
of the rising interest environment. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
International debt is at less than 2% all in cost, 2, 2.5% right Devesh. 
Devesh Desai: 
Yes, that is right. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Actually, if I eliminate the debt in international, I actually worsen my return ratios. So, I am a 
believer that there should be a healthy level of debt that balance sheet needs to maintain for the 
return profile. Capital allocation if I were purely driven by equity funded growth SIS would not 
have grown from 20 Crores business to 10,000 Crores business with promoters holding 70% 
equity so there has to be an optimal level of debt in the mix, 3X EBITDA gearing is dangerous I 
understand and I understand that not in theory I understand that by having done that. When we 
acquired those business in 2008 we were more than 5X EBITDA and I know what that feels like 
so SIS is not going back there and doing crazy stuff but if you believe that SIS should be zero net 
debt we should dilute our equity and pay back debt back even in the current environment the 
interest cost is going up. My blended cost of borrowing remains below 6% or close to 6%. I think 
India’s inflation is greater than 6%. I do not see why I need to be in a rush to pay back debt I do 
not see that to be a problem. If I get more than 2X than definitely yes but I think financially it is 
not prudent to actually pay that down by diluting equity or the second scenario of paying that 
down to be like FY2021 where there was no growth. We were sitting on a pile of cash so we paid 
back debt and we did 125 Crores, 100 Crores plus buy back as well so I mean these are two 
scenarios which are not optimal for me. 
Aasim Bharde: 
Understood. And just one last question in Q4 of course part of India security margins got hit 
because of the one off cost is there anything similar to call our on FMS side as well in Q4. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
It is good that you asked that question because we have not discussed FM in this call today. If 
you recall if you have been attending these quarterly calls on a regular basis right at the onset of 
COVID I had called out at the biggest winner out of the COVID situation amongst our serive line 
is going to be FM. It took the biggest hit initially, but you will now witness it to be the biggest 
gainer over the course of next three years. People have moved. The mindset of customers is 
moving from facility management for cleaning to facility management for hygiene and 
disinfection and health and safety. General consciousness increase in this direction is basically 
resulting in a higher spend per square foot because people want better equipment they want better 
chemicals, They want higher frequency of cleaning and disinfection. It is not a cleaning job. It is 
hygiene, sanitation, like job in the customer eyes now therefore they prefer larger organized and 
reliable players more than the cheapest provider of cleaning staff. I think this a big shift in the 
FM industry and over the next three years you will witness that FM business probably will 
maintain the highest growth rate if they can capitalize on the opportunity ahead. 

 
                                                                       SIS Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Aasim Bharde: 
Yes I understood that. Just wanted to get a sense on was there anything to pinpoint on the cost 
front in Q4 because you continued to grow well because things are reopening right. There was 
30% growth y-o-y on the FM business, 5% quarter on quarter growth but on margins at least on a 
sequential basis there has been a dip so just wanted to know if there are some one of cost there as 
well or anything else you wanted to call out. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
So every time you grow you have some initial operationalisation cost. So you have a big contract 
that you take on. You have set up cost that happens there. Secondly as I said earlier, we are 
investing in expanding our sales force. 
 
We are investing in lot of branch set ups that we had held off during COVID, A lot of cost that 
has been curtailed during COVID like travel etc, etc coming back so it could be a blend of all 
those factors, but I still say that the FM business is going to head back towards broadly a 6% 
EBITDA margin trajectory. It may take two quarters. It may take four quarters but that is where 
it is going to go. 
Aasim Bharde: 
Got it. Thanks a lot for answering all my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vaibhav from Ashmore Group. Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav: 
Thanks, could you share segment wise growth aspirations for FY2023? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
We have a budget in place but that is not what we do, so segment wise it is going to be difficult 
for me to call out. On a consolidated basis you can take 20%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Alok Deshpande from Edelweiss Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Good afternoon, Rituraj good afternoon, Devesh. First of all, congratulations to the SIS team on 
crossing the 10,000 Crores milestone. Couple of questions one is just wanted to understand how 
do you see FY2023 for the international business because as you have mentioned in your note the 
tapering down of the COVID related contract is now sort of talking place so how should we look 
at that and also Rituraj your comment on the next three or four quarters we can probably get back 
to the pre COVID margin levels across segment. I mean if you could out any numbers to it. Are 
we looking at that 5% to 6% range or closer to 6% or higher so these couple of questions from 
my side. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
So international security delivered a exceptional result in FY2021 Alok. It will not deliver 20% 
year on year growth in an economy that does not grow more than 3 to 4% at best and in FY2021 
the Australian economy shrunk but they delivered 20% year on year growth. They delivered that 
growth at more than 6% EBITDA margin. That happened because they had a lot of temporary 
work and temporary work is priced differently when we took a higher margin call on that. Now 
that FY2021 was a complete exception. What you see in FY2022 is normalization towards pre 

 
                                                                       SIS Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 16 
COVID levels so obviously the growth is not 20% anywhere close to 20%. It is single digits and 
the EBITDA margin is now tracking more towards 5%, than 6%. The way to look at our 
international business is go back and look at the FY2020 numbers. We believe that the 
international business will ultimately revert back to the FY2020 pre COVID broad range and 
mostly it should happen over the course of FY2023. 
Alok Deshpande: 
The second question on the margins for the India business. The Reversion is to more steady state 
margins. Is it more closer to 5.5, 6% that we were clocking earlier. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
I think we will go back to 5.5, 6% broad range whether it takes two quarters or four quarters I 
cannot call out because every time there will be Mahanadi coalfields type mounting of contracts. 
There will be a hell of a lot of expense that goes into starting up such contracts right. 
 
Mobilization cost are there. Please be mindful and I am calling it now because we might have 
this point bothering you guys a little bit in the coming quarter. The growth is going to come back. 
You will see margin volatility because start up cost of different contracts if you remember long 
back when we had Cognizant. We started up the Cognizant contract that quarter also the margin 
slipped and there was a big concern around it, so when growth comes back, there will be things 
like that could be happening so please do not get spooked by one quarter or get over excited by 
one quarter of exceptional margin. Number two as growth comes back working capital will 
increase but I think as long as the blended cost of borrowing even in 6% range and lower than the 
inflation I think we are not worried about that because all of the debt that you see in SIS balance 
sheet divided between long term debt and working capital debt. You will see that more than 90% 
is purely working capital debt that is fully backed by debtors from our customers and we are 
getting that money at a blended cost of 6% India, Australia mix right so please be mindful of 
both the margin mix and the fact that the working capital employed in the business will go up. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Sure, Rituraj and Rituraj you mentioned 20% growth in one of the earlier question. That is the 
sales growth guidance you are giving for next year. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Yes. I am only giving guidance, revenue growth. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Revenue growth consolidated level right. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
That is what would make me happy. That is what I would consider as a good result and that is 
what we are hitting for. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Okay so that would mean the India part of the business will be substantially above 20 right given 
that what you mentioned earlier about international business I mean for that blend to work out. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Yes. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Got it. Thanks a lot Rituraj. Thanks a lot Devesh. 

 
                                                                       SIS Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Mukul Garg: 
Good afternoon, Rituraj. Rituraj I just wanted one clarification regarding your earlier statement 
about the minimum wages and the possibility of how it will play out this year. I am sure given 
the elevated inflation in Indian market you and the industry on a broader level will be 
representing to both state and central governments on increasing the minimum wages. Generally, 
what are the pulls and pushes governments are grappling with in this context and what 
probability will you assign to increase in the current calendar year. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
You want me to forecast minimum wage increase.  
Mukul Garg: 
I just want you to share your thoughts what kind of pressure which are there on both sides and is 
there a chance that they have to increase minimum wages this year given the kind of inflation 
everyone is grapping with. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
I would love if my opinion matters but this question is better posed to Bhupender Yadav who is 
the current labour minister. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
I cannot believe that India has not increased minimum wages materially across states and center 
for the last 24 month and unfortunate reality of this country is that people who are white collars 
workers they got pay cuts and they also get catch up pays and we had the great resignation and 
hiring uptakes and pay increases across that is happening in the white collar space. In the blue 
collar space there is nothing like that happening. People are stuck. they are stuck waiting for 
minimum wages to go up and then they're paid to be you know going up on pro rata basis it's 
really unfortunate right and with the current situation around. When the governments wake up to 
it and how much they wake up to it. Are they going to wake up to it with another 3% pay hike. I 
have no clue but over a period of next few years can the government not give a fair pay hike over 
a four year window back to back. I think that would be a disaster for the country. 
Mukul Garg: 
Just to carry this forward and I am sure you guys are regularly in contact with them sharing this 
perspective do you think this sensitivity is still low across both state and central governments and 
they are responding and they are actively considering how to deal with this. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
I mean it is a very difficult situation in one hand the government is rolling out free ration and free 
homes and free electricity incentives for farmers in terms of PM Kisan etc. Actually, people who 
are not in the formal work force or are like farmers etc, the government is really covering for 
them and that is good but the people who are at the bottom end of our work force. India has 55 
Crores work place, 30 Crores plus people work in nonfarm sectors. Roughly 6 to 8 Crores people 
are in jobs which are PF covered. Now in the PF covered or the social security jobs are the jobs 
which are getting hurt most because you are taking care of your industry, you are taking care of 
your white collar, you are taking care of people who are below or as poverty line but the blue 
collar is getting left out. I hope and I think the government will take up this situation. 

 
                                                                       SIS Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Mukul Garg: 
That is helpful. That would be from my side and it is great to hear about the kind of demand 
environment which is prevailing right now. Best of luck for this calendar year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. As there are no further 
questions, I will now hand the conference over to the management of SIS Limited for closing 
comments. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Thank you guys for continuing interest in SIS and I hope that the performance of FY2022 is 
clearly in line with what we had spoken to you about at the onset of COVID where we called the 
recession resilient nature of our industry in our own business model and SIS is looking forward 
to FY2023 being a year of revival, going back to our pre COVID levels of growth and we are 
very bullish about the situation and we clearly hope that we do not have any disruptions in FY2-
23 and we can get on with business as usual. I would also take a moment to once again introduce 
my colleague Bharat Bakhshi who has recently joined us. Bharat basically has a banking 
background, he has been with the likes of UBS, Citi and he has been on investing sides with 
funds and with Ernst & Young on the advisory side. He brings great deal making expertise and 
investing expertise and he will be looking after key aspects closely one is IR where he will be 
interfacing with all of you. I hope that you will give him the same support that you have extended 
to Devesh and myself. He will also be looking after M&A and SIS Ventures. So please join me 
in welcoming Bharat to the SIS family. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of SIS Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
You may now disconnect your lines. 
