)
BANSWARA
BSL/SEC/22
BSE Limited
Listing Deptt.
Floor 25, P.J. Towers
Complex Dalal Street, MUMBAI - 400 001
Scrip Code: 503722
10th May, 2022
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Listing Department
Exchange Plaza Bandra-Kurla
Bandra (East), MUMBAI-400 051
Symbol" BANSWRAS
Sub: Transcript of Q4 FY22 Earnings Call held on 5th May, 2022.
Dear Sir/Madam,
Pursuant
to
Regulation
30
of
the
SEBI
(Listing
Obligations
and
Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are hereby enclosed herewith a transcript of the
Q4FY22 Earnings Call held on Thursday, 5th May, 2022. The same is also available on
the website of the Company i.e. www.banswarasyntex.com .
Please take the same on record.
BANSWAUA SYNTEXuarrsu
COIlPORATf. m~FI CE
5th FlOCH'. GOI};l1 Bliit\v;U', 199, PIJnccs...Street Murnhai• ·~OO 002
'I'd ; +91 226&33&571·7&I[:ax;+91 2.;~ 2206 ·1486
Email: info@b.1I15\\·i1rufilbrit:l>.cmn
An ISl ISOsom:2000Company I crx .124302n)19, 61'LCIJ(HuS'!
REGISTEREDOf FICE & MILLS
lndu: rrialArea. 0 ahod Road,Banswara . 327001 ( R ~j ;lg th~ n )
TJ :+912 ~162 :N()H90. ~)3, 257576-Bl
Email;inftJ@bnnSwiuafil1)ries.eorn
www.bauswarasyrucx.ccm

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Banswara Syntex Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 5, 2022 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 5th May 2022 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI TOSHNIWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
BANSWARA SYNTEX LIMITED 
MR. PANKAJ GHARAT - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
BANSWARA SYNTEX LIMITED 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 and FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
of Banswara Syntex Limited. This conference call may contain forward looking statements about 
the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance, and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes.Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ravi Toshniwal – Managing Director, Banswara Syntex 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
Thank you, Margaret. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Ravi Toshniwal, and I welcome 
everyone to our quarter 4 and financial year FY22 Earnings Conference Call. I hope each and 
every one of you and your families continue to remain safe and healthy. I'm joined on this call 
by our new CFO, Mr. Pankaj Gharat who has come in after Mr. J.K. Jain, and SGA, our Investor 
Relations advisors. I hope all of you have had the chance to go through our updated investor 
presentation that we uploaded on the exchanges and on our company website. For the benefit of 
the audiences who are joining the earnings call for the first time, I'll give you a quick overview 
of the company followed by a review of the financial performance during the last quarter and 
the current financial year. 
Banswara Syntex, as you know is a vertically integrated textile company going all the way from 
fiber to garment. We specialize in production of yarn, fabric and readymade garments. Over the 
years, we have forayed into many markets in over 50 countries, including the developed markets 
of the US, UK, Canada; Spain, Germany, France, in Europe; Japan, UAE, Turkey and now Korea 
and Australia as well. We have always been a product innovation focused company considering 
the choices and aspirations of our global customers. We have diversified offerings in our fabrics 
as well as technical fabrics. And due to our specialized product range, we managed to service 
very highly reputed domestic and international fashion brands. We continue to integrate our 
company into more automation and software, including the SAP/HANA latest system, and our 
cutting-edge technologies that will enable us to run our factories in a more reliable and cost 
effective manner. 
Now coming to the standalone financial and operational performance of the company. We've 
reported a strong financial performance this quarter. The total income for the quarter 4 FY22 
increased by 21.2% quarter-on-quarter and 42% year-on-year to Rs. 373 crores for quarter 4. 
Total income for FY22 stood at Rs. 1206.7 crores, an increase of 50.3% on a year-on-year basis. 
The proportion of our high margin value added business, which includes fabric and garments 
has increased to 56% of the total sales in quarter 4 FY22 as compared to 49% in quarter 3 FY22, 
that is an improvement of 7% in our garment and fabric business as a proportion of the turnover. 
Value added businesses stood at 50% for the entire year financial ‘22 as compared to 52% in 
FY21. So, we still have some ways to go in improving our overall value addition. Export sales 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
for FY22 rose to 45% of total sales as against 41% in FY21, with fabric seeing the highest growth 
within the sales mix. 
With the current uptick and revival of demand in quarter 4, we’re optimistic of clocking 
significantly higher export sales in FY23. The capacity utilization for yarn and fabrics division 
has been stable at about 90% for the yarn division and about 70% for the fabric division for the 
quarter 3 and quarter 4 of FY22, and it has improved significantly in the garments division. Right 
now we are seeing the maximum improvement in our capacity utilization and overbooking in 
the garment division. And I'm happy to report that it was operating at 88% capacity in Surat and 
89% capacity in Daman for the month of March. And looking at the order book on hand, the 
company expects this trend in our garment utilization to continue and we are looking at 
increasing capacity particularly in garments for which we are already ramping up the labor force 
and training. 
Our EBITDA for quarter 4 FY22 increased by 44.9% quarter-on-quarter and 22.8% year-on-
year to Rs. 48.4 crores. The EBITDA for FY22 as a whole stood at Rs. 136 crores, an increase 
of 47.7% on a year-on-year basis. PBDT, profit before depreciation and tax or cash profit 
increased by 55% quarter-on-quarter and 28% year-on-year to Rs. 42 crore for financial year 22. 
We have reported the highest ever profit before depreciation and tax or a cash profit of Rs. 111 
crores, an increase of 86.9% on year-on-year basis. The profit after tax for quarter 4 FY22 
increased by 58.8% quarter-on-quarter and 15.8% year-on-year to Rs. 19.4 crores. So, it's been 
a good quarter. And the profit after tax for the entire FY22 stands at Rs. 46.7 crores, an increase 
of 235.5% on year on basis and almost equal to our pre-COVID profit. The increase in 
profitability is due to an improvement in margins with more value-added products, significant 
reduction in finance costs, optimization of inventory due to clearance of older stock items, and 
of course, the increase in capacity utilization across the garment and fabric divisions. We have 
reduced our net debt by about Rs. 323 crores over the last 5 years and it now stands at Rs. 262 
crores as on 31st March 2022. We have a very comfortable debt-to-equity ratio of 0.7. 
Now, let me share some updates on the cost front. These are several areas where we have been 
able to bring some improvements. The employee cost as a percentage to production value has 
reduced by about 3.5% in FY22 to 18%. This is largely attributed to various improvement in 
lean management and manpower reductions during the COVID times. Further steps have been 
taken to improve our labor efficiency and output. Thereby the company has increased the 
throughput per employee or the value added per employee. 
Power and fuel: While the power and fuel cost going forward is still uncertain as the State 
Electricity Board costs continue to rise, we did manage in quarter 4 FY22 to reduce the cost as 
compared to the last quarter. But in general, we see that right now with power shortages across 
the country, we are forced to run our power plant and the differential costs between State 
Electricity Board and our power plant has actually reduced, so we do expect that this will help 
in further helping to reduce our total energy costs. 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
The finance cost overall has seen a declining trend. And we have been able to get an 
enhancement in our credit rating to A minus. And we've had a repayment of many of our high 
cost term loans. And we've availed lower interest rate facilities, so this is helping our overall 
finance costs. We have great pleasure that the Board has recommended a final dividend of Rs. 
2.50 per equity share on a face value of rupees 10 each for FY22. Going ahead, we are very 
confident about the textile industry growth in all areas, and we believe that Banswara is well 
placed to capture a good share of this opportunity. Due to easing out of the COVID situation and 
improved market sentiments, business outlook looks positive, both in the domestic and export 
markets which should lead to better sales in both our fabric and garment segments while our 
yarns remained oversold. Our focus is on increasing proportion of value-added products in the 
total sales mix and to earn higher margins. Order book visibility remains high in both our fabrics 
and garment segments. And we are focusing on improving capacity utilization, as well as 
utilizing the capacity towards more value-added products. 
Thank you. And I'll be happy to open the floor now for questions and answers. Thank you, 
everyone. 
Moderator: 
 Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is 
from the line of Yash Agarwal from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Yash Agarwal: 
A few questions. So, you've seen a very good pickup in utilization on the fabric and garment 
side. So, just wanted to ask you, from where is the demand pickup coming? And how sustainable 
is this demand pickup given the current order book that you're having? So, do you expect this 
trend to continue in the first half of the new financial year that we've seen in the last quarter of 
the last financial year? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
So, I just want to say that, in general, what we are seeing as a trend is that there is a greater focus 
on giving orders in garments to companies that are vertical and the reason is supply chains are 
disrupted, and we are facing a bigger advantage compared to other companies because we have 
yarn capacity in surplus, we have integrated weaving facilities and knitting facilities, as well as 
then we are able to integrate into our garments and give them a lead time that is significantly 
lower than other supply people and who also face logistic challenges. So, on-time delivery, and 
even before time delivery with lead time being lower than others. For example, we are able to 
offer a garment in a tailored clothing suit in 120 days from when it is ordered, where most other 
suppliers and competitors of ours are now quoting 180 days. So, we are seeing a huge 
improvement compared to others and we are even cutting this time down further. This is the 
reason why we believe as a trend, we should be experiencing full utilization at least in our 
garment division for sure. In the fabric part of it also, we are seeing much more orders coming 
because a lot of the garments that are being produced from our fabric are the ones which are now 
coming back in demand. This is the latent demand due to the marriage market and the marriage 
market with the demographic in India being one where there is a very high bracket of people 
between the ages of 27 to 30 existing in our demographic, this is almost 60% in many ways of 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
the population coming of age of marriage. We are expecting at least for the next 4, 5 years, 
there's going to be a good demand for the formal sector. And we are seeing that happen in India, 
particularly with really experiencing more demand than we are able to supply. Does that I hope 
answer your question. So, I suppose the demand is sustainable. 
Yash Agarwal: 
Also, so now on the yarn side, so I believe cotton players are facing a challenging time with their 
spreads being crushed due to higher cotton prices. Now, cotton yarn rates have gone bizarre, last 
I heard it's around Rs. 440, Rs. 445 per kg. Now, basically is there a shift that you're witnessing 
in synthetic yarn? And how are the spreads and demand on the on the yarn side for you for the 
commoditized part of the business? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
So, that's a very good question because the cotton yarn prices being so high, there was a shift 
from cotton to polyester cotton, and now there is a shift from polyester cotton to poly viscose. 
Even in shirting now, we are seeing a demand for poly viscose, which is coming in the 40s and 
50s yarn counts. And we are seeing demand across many, many different segments where they're 
trying to replace polyester cotton with poly viscose. So, this has definitely caused our yarn 
margin to improve. And yarn business remains oversold. 
Yash Agarwal: 
And the spreads are better than what they were in the last few quarters or they're at the same 
level? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
The spreads are definitely better.  
Yash Agarwal: 
Also on the fabric and garment side, you've done a good job on a sequential basis to improve 
margin, despite very challenging raw material cost situation. So, has this been completely driven 
by price hikes? Or is there some internal efficiency changes that you have initiated here? And 
sir, the major question is, is price hikes going to be easy for you to take in the value added 
segment? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
So, I think this is driven more by capacity utilization right now, that we have had capacity 
utilization about 70% in the fabric business. And now we are seeing it increasing, because there 
are more orders coming in. Anything that we do to increase our capacity utilization in garments 
and in fabric will add to our EBITDA margin. With the transfer price internally that we have to 
our division accounts for the full profitability of yarn at market price. And then we have to add 
something in the fabric or add something in the garment to be able to get a sale, and otherwise 
we wouldn't take the order. So, this is something where the more we sell of garments, and the 
more we sell a fabric automatically, the overall EBITDA margin will go up. And we don't see a 
challenge in this only because a lot of the other customers, suppliers are not able to provide the 
volume customers are asking. There is a shortage of supply. It is a supply side constraint right 
now to provide the kind of product we are doing. 
Yash Agarwal: 
So, what is the target EBITDA margin for FY23? Should it be in low double digit about 10% to 
12%? Is that a fair sort of target or a number that we should work with? 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
So, I would be a little bit more optimistic. And I would say that it should be between 12.5% to 
like maybe 13%, 12.5% to 13% is what we are internally targeting. Internally, maybe even 
higher, but let's say 12.5% to 13% is what we think it should be. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Sir, I had a few questions on the garment business. You mentioned that you are going to increase 
the capacity of the garment business. So, how much are you planning on the next 2 to 3 years is 
what I was trying to understand. And at current 88% utilization, whether this garment utilization 
can go to 100% and we can reach Rs. 250 crores, Rs. 270 crores of top line on a run rate basis 
in existing business or it can be higher because of increase in the realizations? So, one on existing 
and one on the upcoming CapEx. 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
So, definitely CapEx can go up to 90%, 95% even in the garment. We're trying to get larger run 
orders. At the same time, right now, the labor shortage was the main challenge in increasing the 
capacity utilization, not the order book. And the labor has been trained, we lost a lot of the labor 
and they had to be recruited, a lot of people had to be recruited back and trained in the labor 
force to be able to get the capacity utilization up which is happening now. So, what we're seeing 
in terms of the garment business is that there is definitely a potential to ramp up capacity. We've 
ordered the machines with training the new labor, and we've got the training department working 
overtime to ramp it up. This is happening already. And we have got maybe Rs. 200 crores of 
turnover in the garment business last year. But next year's target is to get around Rs. 300 crores 
to Rs. 350 crores of garment turnover. We're talking about garment turnover increasing by more 
than 50% to 70% of what we were talking about. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
And this Rs. 300 crores to Rs. 350 crores will be from existing capacity or there'll be some 
addition in the capacity? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
From existing capacity, because not only are we going to look at the capacity utilization, we are 
accepting orders with better value addition. So, it's a combination of the two that will lead to the 
increased turnover. We have the privilege now of saying no to certain types of orders. And 
earlier, we were looking more at filling up the capacity. Now we're looking at what can we do 
to improve our overall value added per employee. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Sir, so when you've given your FY25-FY26 targets in your presentation, for that 25% revenue 
from garmenting, how much capacity would you have to add and what would be the CapEx for 
it? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
So, it will keep happening organically. Garment capacity is not going to ramp up in a spurt. We 
are never going to stop expanding it seems in garment. We see the shift away from China to 
wanting to buy garments from India. And for garments to be the bottleneck for a long time to 
come going to be a continuous feature. Today, if you look at even in our fabric division, we 
would deliver more fabric and we would not have as much stock as we hold if garment capacity 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
in the world had not shrunk. But unfortunately, during the pandemic, the garment capacity in the 
world has shrunk, people ordered fabric with us and are lifting it slower only because there's a 
bottleneck in garment capacity. So, we are seeing that this is going to be a continuous investment 
from our side. As organically and as fast as we can ramp up garment capacity will be a benefit 
to us. It does not take much CapEx, it takes a lot of work. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
So, then your FY25 target of 25% garment revenue is quite conservative, because Rs. 1600 crore 
is what you are targeting and 25% means Rs. 400 crore of top line, whereas Rs. 350 crore is 
what you're targeting for FY23.  
Ravi Toshniwal: 
Between Rs. 300 crore to Rs. 350 crore I said. So, I don't know, I mean Rs. 300 crore for sure. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
And sir, what would be the fabric contribution in that? Could you help us understand something 
on the client side where you're working which can help us understand where these incremental 
utilizations would come from in the garment and fabric business. 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
It's mainly the existing clients itself, who are continuing to grow with us and want more of our 
capacities. There's a few additions which may happen. We are basically exploring brands and 
developing relationships with brands who are wanting more comfortable smart casuals and 
comfortable formals. So, formals which stretch and formals with comfort are the kind of clothing 
we make, and also some knit jackets and knit pants. So, those are areas in products where all of 
our brands are moving into it. It's the more sort of let's say, less structured suit, and the more 
smart casual garment and that area and all of the brands who are already with us in that area, 
continue to want more and more there. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Sir, one fundamental question on this China plus One. We've been hearing China Plus One 
largely for cotton. PV is something where China would be more competitive even today, and 
there is no ban per se on PV sourcing by China also. So, how is this China Plus One helping us 
in gaining market share in global trade or within the brand? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
So, my perception is a little bit different here. The overall shortage of cotton in the world 
happened during the pandemic because cotton use increased all over the world, whether it was 
in home furnishing, whether it was for the consumer, when people were there in the pandemic, 
they became more casual and casual clothing equates with more cotton. And this is why the 
overall consumption of cotton in the world went up, not just the ban that caused this problem. 
This is something which happened due to a lifestyle change world over. And in that lifestyle 
change since the demand in cotton continues to be more and production capacities and acreages 
available have gone down, yields are not coming to the extent that are supposed to come in 
cotton. This shortage is going to continue for a while, and the only replacement of it is synthetics. 
In fact, even from a point of view of environmental sustainability, there will be some limits to 
which you can have natural fibers. So, we are seeing a trend and a shift towards synthetics. And 
this is why we feel that this China Plus One strategy is not going to be limited to just cotton, it 
is overall and it is in the garment capacity overall as well. As Chinese garment capacity shut 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
down and have not revived, the workers haven't come back, they've gone into other jobs. And 
this is true across the board in textile, it's not going to be specific to a fiber. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
 And this happening globally? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
It is happening globally. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
 In China, Vietnam everywhere, we know that workers are not coming back. 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
Correct. Like I said, the bottleneck today is garment capacity, if you look at the entire value 
chain. Retails also have stores empty, because not enough garment are being delivered at the 
flow rate expected. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
 Correct. And polyester viscose is very close to cotton than polyester cotton, how would that be? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
Polyester cotton and polyester viscose are very close now. We have all of the technologies now 
to give you the properties of polyester cotton and polyester viscose, and it's much cheaper. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Sir, last question from my side. You have given FY25 targets for your EBITDA. Could you help 
us understand how the transition would happen between FY23, FY24, and FY25 to that? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
 So, you're talking now about a 3-4 year plan, right? 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
 Yes. 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
 Roughly we're saying in FY22-23, we should be, I think, in the range of between Rs. 1300 crore 
to Rs. 1400 crores in turnover, and with an EBITDA of Rs. 160 crore to Rs. 175 crore. And then 
FY23-24, we will continue to monitor this situation, but FY23-24, we expect to be around Rs. 
200 crore in EBITDA and then get to that Rs. 225 crore. so it will be gradual, getting from Rs. 
160 crore, Rs. 200 crore, Rs. 225 crore like that. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Any challenges that you see that this might become difficult, maybe increased power cost or 
nonavailability of labor, this can get challenged or everything remains well under control? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
 Well, you may have a world war and you may have a nuclear problem. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
 No, not special situation. I’m not talking about that. 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
Special situations are always today happening. So, then it won't really matter once there's a 
nuclear war. But other than that, there are various challenges in terms of the fact that India, if it 
gains access to more markets because of the FTAs that we are talking about, it should only help. 
If we don't get those FTAs, there will be some challenges to growth. If we are able to get, let's 
say, the overall supply chain logistics in India improving and our cost of logistics reducing, this 
will help. This still remains a challenge for India. And we're seeing by and large that there will 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
be a growth in synthetics. And we are more bullish about synthetics not just because we are in 
it, but we see now that the future has got to be more synthetics in India. We will really be 
investing in using more synthetics for our knitting, for fabric and making specialty spun synthetic 
yarns that go into new applications. I don't see that there should be really major concerns because 
we're not that big a player, and we don't intend on growing so much. Our overall investment that 
we're talking about for the next 2 years is about Rs. 250 crores within spinning fabric with 
knitting and weaving garment and some infrastructure costs and solar, etc, plus some maybe 
investments that we are thinking of in direct to consumer brands. So, within all of these, we’ll 
be growing Rs. 250 crores over the next 2 years. So, not a huge thing. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
This was not the last question. Your CapEx plan is intriguing to ask me that. How will the split 
of CapEx be? And what is direct to consumer brand investment? These are the last two questions. 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
So, our split we haven't completely decided yet. But let's say we're going to do about between 
Rs.  140 crore to Rs. 150 crores specialty spinning and some modernization is required there, 
plus the solar park. So, that's going to take about between this and there's about maybe Rs. 15 
crore to Rs. 20 crores in garments and about Rs. 100 crores or so odd between weaving, knitting 
and finishing. Now, as far as brands are concerned, we are allocating maybe a budget of Rs. 30 
crores, Rs. 40 crores to acquire brands whenever we find the right one. We haven't yet. We're 
just doing the process of due diligence. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sudhir Bheda from Right Time Consultancy Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Since you have given a lot of optimism on the synthetic textile side and garment side because of 
various reasons that you have mentioned. But if you look at your guidance of 2025 of 1600cr 
turnover from Rs. 1,200 crore to Rs. 1,600 crore, it is just less than 12% or almost 12% CAGR. 
So, why you are so pessimistic about next 3 years guidance when the scenario of the synthetic 
textile as well as garments are looking much brighter than what it was in the last 10 to 15 years. 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
So, we've been conservative at the moment. And if we revise our conservatism to be more, let's 
say, optimistic, we will do something. The challenge we feel is that the segment we are in has 
always been one of more formal clothing and smart casual, and we are seeing a tendency for the 
word to turn more, let's say casual, and go down to dress down. And we've never been strong at 
that. So, we don't want to invest too much in the dress up clothing segment, when we are seeing 
some possibilities that this trend may not endure as much. So, we have to change our DNA to 
be more in the mix and athleisure. And where that is more, let's say, oriented towards an active 
lifestyle that people are now trying to spend more on. And this is something which will take a 
little while for us to learn and then we can do a big investment on it. And so, we are making little 
pilots to check out where is the new space where we really want to grow because we don't want 
to make a huge jump just based on the macro sentiment. We also have to identify which is that 
particular area in which we want to make that big leap. 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Sudhir Bheda: 
And on fabric side, what kind of fabric do you make? It is a PV or it’s a cotton polyester mix? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
We're making mainly poly viscose, poly wool and all wool. Mainly we have been making fabrics 
which are for the tailored industry. So, it is for suits and for pants. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
And spinning side also the same combination. 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
Spinning side has also been there. You are right. That's why we suffered a lot also initially, 
because in the pandemic, the wholesale business came to a standstill almost. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
And all was wearing casual and shorts. 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
Correct. That's reason we are not really jumping forward, although we are now seeing a revival 
of demand in the whole formal suiting sector because like I told you the demographic of the 
weddings in India, and missing out of all of the formal occasions that people had over a while, 
so now there's some revenge buying. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
And CapEx plan, are you investing from your internal accrual or you will be taking more debts 
next couple of years? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
So, we will be definitely using our internal accruals, but we will take some more debt, I think. 
This is where we are not averse to it. Given if the debt increases a little it'll increase. That's not 
a problem. We have a very comfortable debt equity ratio, like I said of 0.7. We have the ability 
to borrow. So, there is no problems. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
So, what could be the debt in this year? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
Like I said, we don't want to spend more than Rs. 250 crores in the next 2 years. And we'll 
probably get about Rs. 100 crore, Rs. 125 crore internally. So, maybe there'll be another Rs. 125 
crores or so. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Additional debt, right?  
Ravi Toshniwal: 
 Yes, additional.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Sahni from Hansraj Virendra Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Manish Sahni: 
Sir, my question is related to industry perspective, that how things are emerging for Indian textile 
industry, as government has come with PLI scheme for MMS. You were selling textile imported 
from China and recent FTAs with UK and in talks with Europe for the same. So, how these 
things are going to turn around things for Indian textile industry? And what are the opportunities 
for your company in this revolution? 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
So, you know, on a macro level, like we all have all spoken, there's a lot of optimism. And the 
big challenge for India is to make sure that we can deliver garments out of India to the volume 
required or the finished product from India to the volume required by the rest of the world. If we 
are not able to meet these expectations and ramp up the demand, like they say in a supply chain, 
the weakest link is as strong as you are. And our weakest link at this moment is the garment 
industry. If this grows, and now there is a lot of expansion happening within India, we will have 
an opportunity to be able to capture more of the global share. And if we are not able to ramp this 
up, then we will not be able to make use of this opportunity and some other country will take it. 
Manish Sahni: 
My second question is on margin front. Like before 7 to 8 years’ timeframe which I'm talking 
about our margins used to be around 15% to 16%, which are now at 10%. So, what are the things 
which cause this decline? And do we have any target with respect to margins which we would 
like to achieve? Or are these margins sustainable? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
So, like I said before, that we are targeting next year to be around 12.5% to 13% EBITDA 
margin, and we are getting back slowly. And hopefully in a few years, we will try to come back 
to that 15% with an increased turnover. And that is exactly the way we want to go. In a way, we 
are in a niche segment. And which doesn't have particularly a very large market in terms of the 
fact that we are in tailored clothing and in more formal sector. But this part, we used to dominate 
much more few years ago when we had our joint venture partner with Caramel, and then they 
went away to China. And large portion of this business actually moved away to China and it 
seems to be now coming back. So, we think that we will get back to those margins as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sagar Parekh from Deep Financial Consultants. Please go 
ahead. 
Sagar Parekh: 
Actually, I'm kind of new to the company, so pardon me for my ignorance. I just wanted to check 
on the yarn side. So, you all make only synthetic yarn, is it? Or you all also are into cotton yarn? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
No, we don't make cotton yarn at all. 
Sagar Parekh: 
So, my question was actually because the cotton yarn spreads right now in the last 2, 3 months 
have kind of decreased, right, from Rs. 120 approximately to about Rs. 90, Rs. 95. So, will there 
be like a similar kind of effect on the synthetic yarn as well going forward? Because I think what 
the players are talking about on the cotton side is that there is some demand destruction on the 
European side, from European customers. So, because of that now, it's becoming increasingly 
difficult for them to increase the yarn prices, so the spreads have started coming down. So, just 
wanted to get your sense on how should we look at the synthetic yarn side of the business? Since 
your commentary is saying that synthetic yarns breads are very, very strong right now. 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
Sagar, sorry, I got disconnected for some reason. So, I lost track of your whole question. I didn't 
hear all of it. 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Sagar Parekh: 
My question was, sir, that the cotton spinners are seeing a decline in their spreads in the last 
maybe a couple of months. So, there spreads are about Rs. 120, Rs. 125 per kg which has come 
down to Rs. 90, Rs. 95. Their commentary states that there is some demand destruction from the 
European customers, because maybe of the war or just general slowdown. So, I wanted to get 
your sense on thoughts on the synthetic yarn spreads. If cotton yarn spread starts coming down, 
how would it impact the synthetic yarn spreads or there is no correlation between the two? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
No, there is a correlation. We are seeing a demand shift away because of cotton yarn spreads 
going down means cotton fiber prices have increased. And this continues to be a trend, there is 
a shortage of fiber and cotton. And the consumption surpasses the demand. And this means that 
there will be a shift towards synthetics. So, we see this the only solution for clothing. 
Sagar Parekh: 
But that would mean synthetic fiber prices would keep going up? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
No, that's not happening because the supply position on synthetics is not constrained like cotton 
supply. The supply percentage because it being a natural crop, and acreage of cotton area having 
gone down, also due to many other reasons, that is a constrained factor. Whereas we don't have 
that constraint, a lot of the capacity of polyester fiber and viscose fiber available in the world is 
still there, and not utilized. So, there's a supply demand issue here. The supply side on polyester 
is fine. The supply side on cotton is not. 
Sagar Parekh: 
But are you seeing any kind of demand destruction on the end product side like garments or 
something or because your commentary seems to suggest otherwise? But generally, on the 
Europeans manufacturers or European brands at least, the commentary seems to be coming is 
that last few months have been little on the slower side? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
It is. This is true. The fact is that China has vacated part of its business, particularly in worsted 
fabrics, and many of the tailored clothing businesses and why we are experiencing more demand 
is because there has been some shutdown of capacities in China. And this is why we have more 
demand, not that there is overall more consumption. Overall consumption has actually gone 
down. But the amount that the consumption has gone down, the capacities in China that have 
gone down are even more. 
Sagar Parekh: 
So, this is for the specific product that you manufacture, the tailored suits that you're talking 
about. 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
Particularly for at least in the man-mades in many areas, even we are getting demands and people 
are coming to us for athleisure clothing, or athletic clothing or active wear clothing, and there 
are many companies in India like just Paragon is there in Delhi or many others who are 
experiencing huge demand for synthetic clothing in various, various different segments. So, it's 
not just true for suits, it's true across the board in synthetic. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gunjan Kabra from Niveshaay. Please go ahead. 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Gunjan Kabra: 
Sir, there are industrial power cuts going on in various states due to shortage of coal. Are also 
facing in such power cuts in Gujrat right now which can impact our production? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
So, we are primarily in Rajasthan for our spinning and weaving and fabric part of the business 
where we consume most of the power. In Gujarat, we are there for the garment part. So, in the 
garment industry in Gujarat, we're expressing no concern at all. In Rajasthan, there is a power 
cut, but we have our own generation. And so this is not impacting us right now. We are fine. So, 
the power cut is definitely a concern, in terms of the overall cost of power going up. But we have 
been able to absorb that all already. And we have factored in the fact that the power cost is going 
to be more and been able to pass it on to the customer. 
Gunjan Kabra: 
Because we have our own power plants, so that is not really impacting us. 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
 Absolutely. The power cut is not impacting us. 
Gunjan Kabra: 
So, for you, there is no issues sourcing coal? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
So, we have we have sufficient supply of coal both between domestic and international. There's 
no concern right now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akhil Hazari from Robocapital. Please go ahead. 
Akhil Hazari: 
Sir, I just wanted clarification on the CapEx that you had mentioned, Rs. 140 crore, Rs. 150 
crore in spinning and other amounts in Rs. 100 crore in weaving. Sir, like around total CapEx 
would be Rs. 260 crores. Is this in for FY23 or over the next 2 years. 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
 Over the next 2 years. It's for both ‘23 and ‘24. Because machineries are only not available. For 
deliveries on machines are only 2 years. The implementation of any new CapEx will take a 
minimum period of 2 years. 
Akhil Hazari: 
And the debt that you've mentioned again, so for Rs. 260 crore, around Rs. 125 crores in debt 
for the next 2 years, right? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
 Increase. We have increase of generation of maybe about Rs. 125 crore and we may have an 
increase in Rs. 125 crore. So, that's what we are saying. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anand Jain, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Anand Jain: 
My first question is last year, there have been significant increases in the prices of pretty much 
all commodities, including polyester, viscose, and everything. So, what is the volume versus 
price increase that we have seen in last year? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
When you're looking at cotton, we've seen that the prices in cotton have almost gone double of 
what they were in the last 2 years or so. Whereas in synthetics, the increase is more to the tune 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
of 20% to 25% in terms of yarn prices, I'm talking, right? So, the proportionate increase in man-
mades as compared to cotton is much lower. And this is why we are seeing the switch happening 
globally. In the manmade there has been really not that much impact because the price increases 
relative to cotton is lower. Therefore, the demand has not gone down. 
Anand Jain: 
A company in the sense that our sales increase that has happened, how much of that has happened 
because of the price increase versus the volume increase?  
Ravi Toshniwal: 
So, you're right, part of the turnover increase is due to the price increase. You're absolutely right 
there. 
Anand Jain: 
And can we assume that to be around 15%-20% or so? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
I would say we should get a 15% inflation anyway automatically. So, turnover has to increase 
15% if this inflation continues into the next year. But compared to last year, we would say we 
have achieved a Rs. 1200 crore turnover here. In this year, a portion of it is due to inflation. No 
doubt. 
Anand Jain: 
So, the reason I'm asking this question is that, if I were to go back to March 19, which was a 
peak in terms of sales, and the prices were far more stable at that point of time. So, in order to 
achieve a similar volume to March 2019, we would be sitting on roughly Rs. 1,600 crore, Rs. 
1,700 crores of sales. Is that a fair assessment? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
I don't know, I'd have to do the math, depending on the product mix we were selling then and 
the product mix we expect to be selling now. The product mix has actually changed and become 
more value-added now. We have shifted away from many other products. 
Anand Jain: 
So, that would mean, if I were to just add the inflation and a positive change in the product mix, 
I'm not saying there could be a like-to-like comparison, but more like, at a broader level that 
1300 should be like 1700 today, something 1350 should be like 1700 today. 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
What you’re saying is that if there is 15% every year annual inflation 1,300 will become 1700 
over 2 years. That's what you're saying, right? 
Anand Jain: 
I’m saying that 20% inflation has already happened, right? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
20% has happened over the last 2 years pre-pandemic to now. And this has happened at the yarn 
level, but it hasn't translated completely into the fabric or the garment level. And then, of course, 
there's been changes in product mix. So, a lot of the products that we were making before we 
moved into more value-added products. So, even though we’re not using the full capacities, 
we’re still getting a better value addition in some. With the raw material increase in price, we 
are forced to move into more value-added product source. The margin in more expensive 
products is better now as compared to the margin in more commodity product, because the raw 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
material increases and inflation costs are hitting more at the basic commodity level as a 
percentage. 
Anand Jain: 
Are there any inventory gains that we could see in the current number? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
Not really. 
Anand Jain: 
I don't know how, because we carry a decent amount of inventory. And because of the inflation, 
does the current numbers have some component of the inventory price gain? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
I would say that our inventory has increased, in fact. And I would say that the inventory increase 
carry some gain, which maybe we'll see over a period of time. 
Anand Jain: 
The next question that I have is that in the last 2 quarters, we have seen unusually high power 
costs. Some of that, as I remember from earlier con calls is that because the coal prices have 
gone up and since we have our own captive coal plant, it's because of that. Can we have some 
estimate of how the power costs could look like when things normalize compared to this quarter 
and the last quarter? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
So, when we look at our power cost, we're only looking at it in terms of a competitive cost versus 
others, right? So, when we are generating our own power, but others are buying it from the grid 
and they are cheaper, we have a competitive disadvantage. Right now, since everybody is using 
their own power and those coal plants which were lying idle, also now has been switched on 
since there's power cut, that differential has actually gone down. And the market is being able to 
absorb some of that cost because the market has demand right now, right? So, we do think that 
some coal mix cost reoptimization has been done by us in terms of the overall domestic and 
international and the quality of coal that we're procuring to limit the cost increase. But at the 
same time, the disadvantage we have in not being able to take grid power has now minimized. 
So, we don't see that even though we've accounted for the fact that we're going to have to pay a 
higher power cost, and we're trying to pass it on. We're not now seeing that this will be as much 
of a disadvantage as we had thought. So, I think it's minimized the impact. 
Anand Jain: 
Last question from my end. What I see is that there is a sharp increase year-on-year in the 
employee benefit expenses. They have moved from Rs. 150 crores last year to Rs. 220 crore. 
Even in Q4 from Rs. 49 crore, Rs. 50 crore to a Rs. 63 crore level. Some of it of course, I can 
see that we are running at a better utilization, but are there any other factors that you see directly? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
I think the main thing is the garment increase in utilization. As our garment utilization increases, 
our total employee costs will keep going up in higher proportion because garment uses a lot 
more labor. 
Anand Jain: 
So, as we ramp up our government business, the labor cost will keep increasing. 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
Correct. And it doesn't matter because like really speaking the labor cost increasing in the 
garment we gave you separately versus the other parts. We haven't increased the labor cost in 
spinning or in weaving per unit of production. But in the garment as soon as you do so, a large 
percentage of your total turnover in garment is your labor cost. 
Anand Jain: 
Last question is on other expenses. They have also moved up from Rs. 109 crore even to Rs. 163 
crore. Any like one time components in other expenses or are these like routine operational 
expenses most of it, the increased part? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
I'll have to look into that to check what you're saying. But power definitely. 
Anand Jain: 
Power, we have given separately. 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
So, the other cost, I have to check those numbers. One second. Let me just to see. Do you have 
anything, Ansh? Just a second. I think that in proportion to the production value, the costs have 
also gone up. But I don't think it's disproportionate to the increase in production values. 
Anand Jain: 
That's correct. I just wanted to know is there any one-offs here? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
There is really not much in the sense that like we're saying from April 21 of March 22, the costs 
to production value have actually become 13.32% as compared to April 20 to 21st March, it was 
15.25%. So, actually, cost has gone down as a percentage. So, they've gone down by almost 2%. 
Sagar Parekh: 
One more question, if I may just squeeze in. If I were to ask you, I went to a website and then I 
see a lot of clients which are the best in the world, like the GAP and Levi's and M&S of the 
world. So, how you’ll make in general with each client or rather let me put just put it in a different 
way, what is the concentration of, let's say, top 5, top 10 clients in our revenue? How are the 
orders? This year, the orders placed on a year wise contract basis or how does that part play out? 
If you can just share some information on that? 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
 So, that’s rather a broad question, considering the fact that we're in 3 businesses, the yarn 
business, fabric business and garment business, and for each one the answer is different. So, I 
mean, I can't give you overall that scenario, but I can say that for yarn business it’s much more 
broader. And we have a broad base of customers which are corporates in India and corporates 
abroad and spread out. In the fabric business, we had more concentration in the US. It's fallen a 
little, it's moved a little to Japan and Korea and Australia. So, there's some churn happening. But 
I can't really be more specific right now to that question. 
Sagar Parekh: 
I clearly get it. Maybe someday when we talk on a one-to-one level, I think that question could 
be answered in a better way. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Ravi Toshniwal for closing comments. 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Ravi Toshniwal: 
I just want to thank everybody for their interest in our company and look forward to keep meeting 
you regularly on the earnings calls, as well as any other occasions when we have the opportunity 
to be able to interact with you all. Look forward to the new financial year. And we hope that we 
can give you a performance which is better than what we've done in this year. Thank you very 
much, everyone, and good afternoon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Banswara Syntex Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
