 
 
 
11/13 Botawala Building 1st Floor Office No 2-6 Horniman Circle Fort Mumbai 400 001 India 
Tel: 91-22-6121-8400 | Fax: 91-22-61218499 
Registered Office: 1, Bishop Lefroy Road, Kolkata – 700 020 
Corporate Identity Number (CIN): L15491WB1962PLC031425 
Email: investor.relations@tataconsumer.com 
Website: www.tataconsumer.com 
May 9, 2022 
 
The National Stock Exchange of 
India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza,5th floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
Scrip Code – TATACONSUM 
 
BSE Ltd. 
Corporate Relationship Dept. 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing 
Rotunda Building, PJ Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
Scrip Code - 500800 
The Calcutta Stock Exchange 
Ltd.  
7 Lyons Range 
Kolkata 700 001 
 
Scrip 
Code 
– 
10000027 
(Demat) 
27 (Physical) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcripts of Conference Call pertaining to Financial Results 
 
We enclose herewith a copy of the Transcripts of Conference Call held on Thursday, May 5, 2022, in respect 
of the Financial results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2022.  
 
The same can also be viewed at: https://www.tataconsumer.com/investors/financial-information/call-
transcripts  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tata Consumer Products Limited 
                        
 
 
Neelabja Chakrabarty 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“Tata Consumer Products Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Results Conference Call” 
 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. ANIRUDDHA JOSHI - ICICI SECURITIES 
LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. NIDHI VERMA - HEAD - INVESTOR RELATIONS 
& 
CORPORATE 
COMMUNICATIONS 
– 
TATA 
CONSUMER PRODUCTS LIMITED 
MR. SUNIL D’SOUZA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
& MANAGING DIRECTOR - TATA CONSUMER 
PRODUCTS LIMITED 
MR. L KRISHNAKUMAR - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & 
GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - TATA 
CONSUMER PRODUCTS LIMITED 
MR. AJIT KRISHNAKUMAR - CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER - TATA CONSUMER PRODUCTS LIMITED 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Tata Consumer Products Limited 
Results Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Thanks Faizan. On behalf of ICICI Securities we welcome you all to Q4 FY2022 and 
FY2022 results conference call of Tata Consumer Products Limited. Now I hand over the 
call to Ms. Nidhi Verma - Head of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications. 
Thanks and over to you Nidhi! 
Nidhi Verma: 
Thanks Aniruddha and welcome everyone. I hope you had the time to go through our 
results that we announced last evening. For today’s call I am joined by Sunil D’Souza - 
Managing Director & CEO; L Krishnakumar - Executive Director & Group CFO; and Ajit 
Krishnakumar – COO. So what we will do is we will spend about 15 minutes or so walking 
you through some of the key highlights of the quarter and the year and then we will spend 
about 45 minutes to answer your questions, so without further ado over to you Sunil! 
Sunil D’Souza: 
Thanks Nidhi. I will go straight to slide #6, which is the executive summary. During the 
quarter, our consolidated revenue grew 6% like-for-like full year therefore came in at a 9% 
net of all the exits that were done. On a two-year CAGR basis this translates to a 15% 
revenue growth like-for-like business. EBITDA for the quarter was up 45% bringing the 
full year to 11%, on a two-year CAGR it is up by 16%. The India business for the year grew 
by 13% with 3% volume and 10% revenue for India beverages, 8% volume and 19% 
revenue for India foods. International grew by 1% cycling an elevated base where the last 
year we had grown by 12%. Now the critical thing is with the tea inflation is tapering off, 
India beverage margin saw significant improvement, just as a perspective margins moved 
by close to 1500 basis points for the quarter-on-quarter versus same quarter of last year. 
Now we invested a significant amount of that into the new businesses and still expanded the 
consolidated EBITDA which was up by nearly 400 basis points despite significant inflation 
in the food business and despite 29% increase in A&P for the India business. With that said 
I will just urge you and I walk you through the details later, but India foods business is two 
parts one is salt and one is all the growth businesses. On the salt we maintain margins and 
we have driven the growth in the new businesses. Overall our growth businesses are up by 
52% for the year. We had strong free cash flow conversion , FCFC to EBITDA came in at 
100%, market share was up, India beverages up to 100 basis points, India foods up by 400 
and we continue to make progress against our strategic priorities. We acquired Tata 
SmartFoodz, strengthened our S&D infrastructure, and tripled our innovation from where 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 21 
we started three years back, invested in new drivers of growth and of late with the Tata 
Coffee and international restructuring, a new global simplification plan to drive efficiencies 
and significant synergies. 
 
Next we go to slide #8. If I talk about Q4 2022 India beverages 3% volume, negative 1% 
percent revenue as prices became normalized, India foods like I said there are two parts of 
the story, salt had steady margin, little bit of pressure, but overall for the year we grew 8% 
but for the quarter it was a bit soft as we took pricing, but Sampann has continued to grow 
and revenue up by 19%. US Coffee volume up 3%, we had international tea volume up 5% 
overall 3175 Crores of revenue. For the full year beverages volume up by 3%, revenue up 
10%, India foods volume up 8%, and revenue up 19%. US Coffee negative on volume 
because in the early part of the year international overall we were cycling the pantry loading 
of COVID, same thing you will see in international tea negative 3, but now the volumes are 
starting to come back. Tata Coffee including Vietnam full year 3% volume, 11% revenue 
and overall 12425 Crores of revenue. In terms of Q4 revenue growth of 6% like-to-like, 
EBITDA growth of 45%, PBT up 54%, group net profit 222% and before exceptional 89%, 
and now we are sitting with 2486 Crores of cash which incidentally despite the investment 
in Tata SmartFoodz, the recapitalization of APPL, investment into taking control of the 
TRIL JV and Starbucks investment is still higher than where we were last year. 
 
On full year basis revenue up 7% at 12425 Crores, EBITDA up 11%, PBT is up 12%, so 
you will see a perfect flow through from revenue down to PBT, group net profit up by 9 and 
before exceptional is up by 12%, EPS up by 9% year-on-year. If I talk about strategic 
priorities the six pillars that we have strengthened accelerating core, driving digital and 
innovation, unlocking costs and synergies, creating a future ready organization, new 
opportunities and embedding sustainability and we made progress against all of them. We 
had made a commitment of 1.3 million outlets by March we are up there. Going forward by 
next year we are saying 1.5 because now the focus is on rest of urban and rural and 
therefore wholesale and while we are powering our brand expect a 2.5 plus multiplier to get 
us to 4 million outlets which we had committed by September 2023. We will continue to 
raise numeric reach if you take the average for the year beverages up by 18%, salt by 15%. 
We are completely digitized in our chain and apart from appointing distributors now we are 
focused on rural and semi-urban because that is where the numeric opportunity for us lies. 
 
Great progress in alternate channels, modern trade is now up 30% year-on-year crossing 
1000 Crores and e-commerce we are the market leader and the good news is despite 
COVID waning and consumers going back to their old styles of shopping we are still 7.3% 
e-commerce as a percentage of sales. 
 
We upped A&P we have spent 22% higher this year on A&P in our India business versus 
last year focused on the premium brands of Tata Tea premium, focused on the South with 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 21 
Chakra as well as coffee which has trade dividends with coffee growing 44%, and tea 
overall 100 basis points share increase. 
 
In foods , (salt )market share is up by 400 basis points, focus on premium salt which has 
given us results and you see later we grew by 26% there. Tata Soulfull once we focused on 
the No Maida Choco and the affordable pack is off to a fantastic start. We have launched 
solar salt, Tata Shuddh in the south gained market share out there and in our strongholds in 
North and the East we are seeing some look-alikes pop-up so we are going on a consumer 
education to show them that every salt is not Tata Salt. 
 
Premiumization starting to show results, Sampann up by 28%, value-added salt up 26%, 
Tata coffee up by 45% and our new launches to expand our premium brands like Tata Tea 
Gold Care is now 4.5% of Tata Tea Gold. 
 
I would not drain this slide but for overall a two-year CAGR of 19% in the beverages, 18% 
in food, international up by 6%, so significant improvement over the last two years. 
 
Innovation continues to be on a roll, we started off with 0.9% as a percentage of sales, and 
we have exited the year at 2.7% which is significant improvement. A lot of work in the last 
two years on creating an agile and efficient supply chain, we have roughly 11000 drop-off 
points service to 38 centers across India, integration has yielded great results, we have got 
more than a 25% reduction in secondary trade because of integrating all our businesses and 
logistics, completely digitized back-end as well as supply chain. Focus on sustainability 
with 24% of our energy for the supply chain coming out of renewables and we have a rinse 
and repeat model now with integration and we have integrated Soulfull as well as Tata 
SmartFoodz within three months of transaction close. 
 
We have announced our plan for Tata Coffee merger as well as simplification of the 
international business, which will yield us operational efficiencies for management, legal 
and administrative costs, faster decision making and execution, taking out the minorities 
and creating a single listed entity, capturing the full value of the group, creating focused 
business verticals for extraction and a dedicated plantation vertical and unlocking 
significant potential synergies going forward. 
 
We are enroute to becoming a large FMCG company so our new engines of growth are 
firing- NourishCo, Sampann, Tata Soulfull, and Tata Q have shown a 52% revenue growth 
for FY2022. 
 
Inorganic acquisitions making progress, 100-day integration, rebranding of Soulfull to Tata 
Soulfull, collaborating with outside world with IIMR for developing new products and as I 
said the Rs.10 No Maida Choco is offto what I would term as a rocket start. NourishCo we 
have broken even on Himalayan for the first time ever since we acquired the brand, great 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 21 
progress once we have rebranded Tata Water Plus to Tata Copper growing more than three 
times in FY2022, distribution is up by 80% which should yield us result now when we see 
the first full summer for NourishCo under TCPL, expanded geography which again will 
bear results starting this year, we have expanded capacity all ready for growth, all lines  up 
by 50% and driving innovation which is up to 10% of sales. Focused on sustainability 
whether it is with the pledged friendly products in the US, Tata Coffee winning awards in 
health and safety, Tata Tea focusing on social awareness for water and driving 
sustainability at Starbucks. 
 
Just a quick snapshot on the different businesses if I just go to slide #31. India beverages 
3% volume, 6% revenue, 100 bps market share gain. The big news here is EBIT margin is 
up by 400 bps year-on-year in FY2022. For the quarter alone gross margin was up by 1500 
basis points. India revenue grew by 6% lapping a 32% growth in FY2021 and just for 
perspective for Q4 we were lapping at almost 55%, 60% growth and we still delivered a 
decent performance. 
 
India foods 8% volume, 19% revenue, more importantly a 400 bps market share gain. We 
are now touching the 38 per share for total salt. EBIT margin did decline but here again I 
would emphasize there is two parts of this business one is salt where we are maintaining 
margin and the second thing is our growth businesses where they are investing for growth. 
 
NourishCo 86% revenue touching 350 Crores in revenue, significant growth and more 
importantly I think we are well geared for driving growth for this year. 
 
Tata Coffee plantations revenue growth was soft negative 3%, revenue growth was 11%. 
There could be a point where everyone says why was your volume growth low this quarter 
just in perspective Tata Coffee we have been seeing significant shipping issues and 
therefore you would have seen a bump in Q3 as we made sure that we did not hold any 
inventory in any of the plants and shipped out volume as and when it happened but despite 
that FY2022 overall a 19% revenue growth. 
 
Tata Starbucks this is probably the second most normalized quarter that we have seen 
despite the pickup of Omicron in the beginning of the quarter, but now we are in 26 cities 
268 stores, 96% of our stores are reopened, the only ones which are not are the ones either 
in office complexes or in IT Parks. Good news is 18% same store sales growth versus pre-
COVID period and we are seeing great traction and remain very confident about this 
business going forward. We did open 23 stores for Starbucks in a single quarter which was 
the record bringing the whole year to a 50 stores that just provides the base of what the team 
can execute. 
 
International businesses, UK we more or less maintained our share in everyday black at a 
19 plus. Teapigs which is a focus for growth up by 7% for FY2022 while overall revenue 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 21 
growth as I mentioned was cycling a high of COVID was down by negative 2%. The US 
coffee bags share of 4.3%, flat coffee growth despite taking significant pricing, so there was 
a fine balance between margin, volume and revenue out here. Tea growth negative 8% 
again cycling COVID of last year. Canada maintaining market share at a 27%, 28%, 
specialty has dipped significantly and therefore negative 9% and they also cycled the high 
COVID peak and negative 7% revenue growth. Financial performance LK very quickly. 
L Krishnakumar: 
Thanks Sunil and good morning everyone. On the standalone basis we grew revenue for the 
quarter by 5% and this is driven both by volume growth in the tea business as well as some 
pricing in the salt. In terms of EBITDA we saw 102% drop largely a function of recovery of 
tea margins to a normalized level coupled with some investment behind the growth 
initiatives. 
 
Moving on to the consolidated performance the increase was 5%, 6% on a constant basis 
driven by a similar rate of growth in all businesses and in terms of margin the growth was 
higher at 45% driven largely by the improvement in margins in the India business. In the 
international business also we saw slightly improved margins because of a strong 
performance in the last quarter by the coffee business and lower rate of A&P and other 
expenses. Non-branded business slightly lower margins impacted by lower realization in the 
tea plantations. 
 
On a standalone basis the financials for the quarter, the standalone reflects basically the 
India beverages, India foods and a little bit of exports into the overseas markets. We have 
seen a growth rate of 5% and improved margin, improved margins is a function two things. 
We talked about the improving operating margins in tea, but also if you look at the results 
you will see there is a higher investment behind brands. We saw this growth in margins is 
not withstanding a significant increase in the A&P spend. PAT higher at 152% reflecting 
largely the improved operating performance but also a lower rate of exceptional items. For 
the full year we grew 11% with a PAT growth of 43%. On the consolidated basis we saw 
revenues up by 5% for the quarter, a strong margin improvement of 4% driven by the India 
business as well as improving margins in the international business, exceptional items were 
lower, PAT at 289 versus 133 Crores and group net profit 239 versus 74 Crores. I just want 
to make one comment on the share of profit on JV and associates, you will see that the 
number is flat for the full year but slightly lower for the quarter reflects that there are two 
significant parts to this, one is the Tata Starbucks business and the second is the plantation 
businesses that we have. Tata Starbucks had an improved performance related to the 
previous year, but the plantation businesses were impacted by lower crop and lower tea 
prices. So this is an impact of both and the other point I want to call out because some 
analysts have still been asking questions that when we have the plantation interest in North 
India we need to remember that north India plantations do not have crops for most of last 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 21 
quarter, so the loss in plantations tends to be higher in the last quarter that is a phenomenon 
some analysts have not fully come to grips with, so I thought I will make a mention of it. 
 
Moving on to segmental results and we have changed the segmental presentation to talk of. 
So we have presented on a like-to-like basis here we have changed the presentation to India 
and International business. The reason being we already told that in the last analyst call that 
we are managing the India business on an integrated basis and we often allocate capital 
between businesses and subgroups of businesses, but equally important is that the 
organization structure is a single structure with a common sales, supply and other functions, 
so it is only natural that we combine the businesses, we will continue to give revenue and 
appropriate margin guidance going forward. So if you look at the profile 69% of the 
revenues come from the India business and 31% from International businesses, more or less 
a similar profile in terms of the segment results with the International business improving 
profitability over the last few quarters and few years. So we are happy with the performance 
overall on the margin improvements in the International business, India business the 
margins are a reflection of improved performance in the tea business but also higher 
investment behind some of the growth initiatives, which over the medium-term will also 
deliver improved margin. So overall as a company our guidance still continues to be 
improving margins in the medium-term. 
Sunil D’ Souza: 
Just to give you a summary to conclude and what we are seeing going forward. The good 
news is the recovery following the third wave has been swift, but the geopolitical situation 
is evolving and exaggerating inflationary pressure. The good news for us is the three big 
commodities for us the coffee, tea and salt we have seen the price in the past and hopefully 
they are range bound right now. We are not too exposed to the new emerging inflation 
because of the geopolitical situation in wheat, oil, palm oil and sunflower oil for example, 
but that said overall inflation and its impact on consumer behavior is going to be a key 
monitorable. In the International space again we have been taking rapid price increases in 
line with the inflation that we have seen, but the in-home consumption is also tapering off 
as well as the impact of broad-based inflation needs to be monitored and we need to be agile 
in moving pricing around. In terms of business we think we have delivered competitive 
growth in our core businesses, we have gained 100 bps in tea, 400 bps in salt and we aim to 
continue that going forward. India packaged beverages have seen a return to normalized 
margins. In terms of growth we are cautiously optimistic given the macro environment. Just 
as a perspective for January and March, Nielsen does report close to a 5% volume growth 
coming back in India which is good news and we will continue to focus on execution to 
drive growth. For the year, the food business has seen good volume growth both salt and 
Sampann, for this coming quarter we are lapping a high quarter and therefore we need to be 
mindful about that. The cost pressure however will continue for a while and we have got to 
be agile moving around. In out of home businesses both Starbucks and NourishCo have 
delivered a fantastic performance despite the two waves of the pandemic. Given that we are 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 21 
seeing this pandemic slowly receding hopefully therefore we expect continued momentum 
in the businesses if there are no new surprises. Our new businesses our Soulfull, TSFL are 
on track and we expect to drive growth. TSFL we could expect to see significant 
momentum end of Q2 early Q3 as the Exports India ramps up. In the international business 
the focus will be on executing against plans especially three brand strategy and gaining 
share in fruits and herbals and specialty and like I said we will be taking pricing actions as 
appropriate. Given the inflation and investment required for some of the new businesses we 
will continue to optimize margins at the consolidated level, balancing margin, and market 
share and volume momentum. With that I hand it back to Nidhi. 
Nidhi Verma: 
Thank you Sunil. Moderator we can go back to the Q&A queue now to take some 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thanks Sir. My first question is on e-commerce market share in tea almost 41.9% market 
share, which is almost double of your national market share, so my questions here are 
which e-commerce platform this data is based on and which is the agency which is doing it 
and is it possible to replicate this kind of a success in your other categories and is BigBasket 
acquisition by the group also already helping in a significant manner here and what really 
brings this kind of a gain in market share, I just checked on the pricing bit I did see that 
your pricing is a bit lower than the other large player so apart from pricing and say buying 
the banners and marketing what has really bring the market share? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
Let me respond to you on the pricing question. I think you will see pricing go up and down 
in the e-commerce space in line with, I think right now everyone has got a summer sale is 
going for example, I think we are running a program around that, but you will see the pluses 
and minuses happening all the time number one. Number two is the high market share in e-
commerce only points to the strength of the brands that we have and assuming that this 
brand is available at all places, the kind of market share that we could hope to have in the 
general market, so that just points out to more importantly our distribution ramps up, so I 
would read it that way. Number three it is the overall market share I think it covers Amazon 
and a few other platforms and it is not only limited to BigBasket so this is not a one pack 
listing and I will qualify that if I am not mistaken and Nidhi will confirm this to you this is 
basis syndicated data coming out from the e-commerce but again just to highlight this 
shows the strength of our brand and the ability to gain market share if they are evenly 
distributed and that is the big focus. So even if I take offline number I am about 10% behind 
on numeric versus my biggest competitor and 10% behind on market share, so just by 
equating distribution I could get to close to leadership and that will continue to remain the 
focus. 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 21 
Abneesh Roy: 
One followup on tea business this is more in terms of raw material for FY2023 what is your 
take given Russia a large importer that seems to be a bit difficult but on the other hand Sri 
Lanka which is a large exporter is also not able to export, so are these two cancelling each 
other, so you do not see the big inflation for India tea raw material FY2023? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So I will just give you a slight bit of color on that one. In FY2021 the tea price has spiked 
up because of the lockdowns and therefore the inability to harvest especially the first and 
second flushes. FY2022 we thought it would normalize but then there were droughts in 
Assam in the months of May and November and therefore the shortage on crop and that 
kept the prices high, but that said the pricing came down significantly from where it was in 
the same period a year ago. Right now it is operating broadly range bound so that is number 
one. It broadly depends on the rainfall and the crop output going forward, right now if you 
believe IMD being a good forecaster of 98%, 99% of long-term rainfall, we should see a 
decent monsoon and therefore a decent crop and therefore pricing should be range bound if 
not with a slight downward bias that is number one. Number two to answer your question 
on Russia and Sri Lanka both the places remember it is an orthodox market and a slightly 
higher quality orthodox, India is more of a CTC market and less on orthodox so while this 
imbalance on demand and supply could cause some of the customers to shift to orthodox 
from CTC but capacity is limited and the fact that we expect a slightly better crop this year 
than last year should broadly hold if not to the slight downward bias on tea pricing. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My last question is on Himalayan and Tata Q, the Himalayan breakeven for the first time is 
it sustainable and what led to it and in Tata Q you said number two brand in this category so 
wanted to understand who is number one and how big is the total addressable market for 
Tata Q? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
Himalayan, just similar to all the brands that we have I think we have got fantastic brands, 
but this has simply not been available to consumers. As we are expanding distribution this 
FYI think September 2020 is when we detached the Himalayan distribution from Varun 
beverages and went on our own and that is when we started to see the traction and this is led 
by distribution it is not led by pricing, it is not led by any other extraordinary effort, yes, 
extraordinary efforts in terms of distribution,  more accessibility and more offtake, so 
therefore there is no reason to believe it is not sustainable, more importantly there is no 
reason to believe it cannot continue to grow exponentially going forward so that is number 
one. Number two, on Tata Q I think MTR is the market leader right now we are number two 
but that said I think we have got a long way to go. The addressable market in India is not as 
big as the export market so while we are rejigging our portfolio both from a product as well 
as a marketing communication perspective for India I think the bigger focus is to make sure 
that we are ready for the export markets with all approvals, etc. As I said I think you will 
start seeing greater traction at the end of Q2 early Q3 as we get our export engine ramp up. 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 21 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thanks Sir, that is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jaykumar Doshi from Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Hi! Thanks for the opportunity. When I compare your India business tea segmental margins 
with second half of FY2020 it appears to be higher both in percentage terms as well as per 
unit basis and even though the prices when I look at commodity prices of the last couple of 
quarters versus second half of FY2020 it is about 20%higher. So with 20% higher pricing 
you managed the commodity prices, you managed to fully recover and perhaps exceed your 
previous highs, is this sustainable or you think the competitive landscape would force you 
to reduce the prices further and maybe margins may settle at a slightly lower level? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
Just to give you a perspective one of the fundamental assumptions in putting this company 
together was that they have got a fantastic four-letter brand called Tata and sub brands 
under it which are not getting leverage, therefore if we create a dedicated consumer entity 
focus on execution against the brands we will get returns and that is exactly what you are 
seeing. So just as a perspective our direct distribution earlier for beverages was about 
500000 and numeric reach was about 2 million when we started off end of FY2020 which 
you are talking about this is when Tata Consumer was formed. Right now we are about 1.3 
million and our numeric reach is about 2.7, so we are seeing that expansion as we are 
reaching more outlets directly there is an upside. Number two if you observe we have been 
ramping up our investment behind brands- moving from a completely or overwhelmingly 
push strategy to a more pull strategy therefore creating better brand power and therefore 
better pricing power. We have narrowed the indices between us and competition 
significantly and therefore taken up relative pricing that is the second piece of margin and 
the third piece of margin is when you follow up with strategy you put a lot of money into 
trade as you start taking some of that out we have redeployed it into brand and that is why 
you are seeing the margins go up and I think we are at a fairly comfortable position right 
now from a gross margin perspective on beverages and there is no reason to say we cannot 
continue this if not improve on this slightly going forward. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
That is helpful. Thank you. On the foods portfolio do you need further price increases in 
salt to offset the inflationary headwinds, can you talk a little bit about what is the 
incremental inflationary pressure if at all any between December quarter and now and what 
would be the price increase that you may need to offset that? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
Just as a perspective there we have taken roughly Rs.4 price increase on Rs.21 so we moved 
from 21 to 25 from July to April 1 the last price increase that we have taken is just now on 
April 1. The reason for that is the inflationary headwinds are coming in the form of two 
pieces number one is the fact that there were extended monsoons in Gujarat and therefore 
lesser brine available to make salt and therefore brine prices went up and therefore cost of 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 21 
goods went up that is one piece. The second piece is to convert brine into salt you do need 
energy and large amount of that energy is coal and large percentage of the coal that we use 
is imported coal and with the coal prices and shipping prices going up you have seen a jump 
of that. Now overall we have seen a significant jump in overall cost in Q2 and Q3. Q4 right 
now there might be a small increase but it will not be as steep as what we saw in Q2 and Q3 
and we have taken a price increase like I said in April 1 in a little bit of anticipation but we 
will remain nimble to make sure that if needed we will make sure that we put pricing in 
play to make sure we are maintaining margins, but the more important thing here I would 
say is despite taking that pricing we are continuing to ramp up market share, we just 
showed the power of the brand and the execution that the team is putting behind it. Overall 
market share despite all that pricing that we have taken which is roughly 19% in a space of 
nine months our market share for the year is still up by 400 basis points, but like I said we 
need to stay close the only thing is there might be a 30, 45 day lag between cost going up 
and us being able to take pricing. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Understood, thank you so much, that is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Gutka from PhillipCapital. Please 
go ahead. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Thanks a lot for detailed presentation. Just on the salt distribution front is it possible to 
accelerate the distribution network because direct reach is a very critical component for 
driving sales of salt so I wanted to know because this year the increase is here in the region 
of 15% so was it due to COVID led challenges that you are able to increase only by 15% 
overall numerical distribution for salt business? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So let me say I would say total numeric reach is the most important piece probably direct 
being slightly higher for salt than for tea, but that said I think right now what we are seeing 
is on the metros and Tier-1, Tier-2 towns we are fairly good on overall numeric reach, I 
think our opportunity areas are more in rest of urban and rural and to get to rest of urban 
and rural, yes, can we go direct why not I can move from 1.3 to 2 or whatever, but I think it 
is more efficient for us to move to a decent number and I would say 1.5 broadly for FMCG 
is a good it is not best in class yes it is a good number to target, but this year the focus will 
be to get the multiplier of the wholesales that is where the focus is because one of the 
commitments that we did make when we formed this company is that we will double our 
total numeric reach by September 2023 which is 4 million, so mathematically if I go to a 
1.5 million and get a 2.5 multiplier I will be close to that number to deliver the total 
numeric reach which in turn will deliver us volume and market share. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Thank you. 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikunj Gala from Sundaram AMC. Please 
go ahead. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Good afternoon everyone. My question is with respect to India food business so India food 
business except for salt in next three to five years if the company can ramp up to the kind of 
goalcompany has desired what kind of a marginal ROCE level we are working with? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
Let me put it this way I said that Tata Consumer was formed to become a large FMCG 
company. As step one we are becoming a large F&B company and if you look at the 
opportunities for growth just from a field of play perspective there is more opportunity in 
food than beverages therefore we do expect a significant ramp up in the food business. Now 
important thing as we grow the businesses we have to remember there is a target long-term 
stable margin and there is a margin in the interim while building out those businesses. So 
we are very, very mindful about the businesses that we are getting into whether it is organic 
or inorganic to make sure that the long-term margin profile of the business is accretive to 
our current portfolio, but that said going forward you could see investments in businesses to 
make sure that we are coming up the path to scale. So I would not hazard a specific number 
to you but do expect a double-digit growth in the India food business with margins 
continuing to improve as we move forward. 
Nikunj Gala: 
The question was like for example in the spices can we go up to what peers are doing the 
margins or even at the aggregate level you believe the margins would be in line with what 
company is delivering right now? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
Every category that we play in we aim to be in the top two or three players and the top two 
or three players not only in terms of volume and market share but also in terms of margin, 
there is no reason we cannot get to industry margins in any of the categories but that said 
over a period of time. It will not be instantaneous because a) you have to build scale, second 
you have to build a brand. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Second question with respect to the media article stating that the company is planning to get 
into the home and personal care through acquisition led strategy I just wanted your thought 
on that? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
I will repeat what I said is Tata Consumer was formed to fulfill the FMCG ambitions of the 
Tata Group. As step one we have done a F&B company and moved from being just beyond 
the tea and salt company so that is number one. Number two is if you go by the group 
norms of simplify, synergize and scale for the last two years while we have been doing a bit 
of scale up the focus has also been to simplify and synergize the businesses, the last 
simplifying synergy being the Tata Coffee and the International restructuring. Now that we 
are broadly done with the heavy lifting and there will be a continued focus on synergies for 
example on cost, etc. Now you could see a traction on the scaling up perspective. I would 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 21 
not comment on speculative articles on which category we are getting into or which we are 
not, all that I would say is any category that we get into we are very, very mindful about a) 
the scale for that category, the margins in that category, the number of brands that play in 
that category whether it is too fragmented, consolidated, what does the Tata brand name do, 
what are the capabilities that we have that is number one. Number two, every category that 
we will consider we will also look at is the best bang for the buck going organic or 
inorganic. So we will become a large FMCG company, we will have scale, we will deliver 
superior financial returns, but over a period of time. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Thank you for that comment. Just on that, is there any threshold ROCE you look at when 
you consider any category or any product in that way or that is just a ballpark number you 
work with that, that is a good ROCE to work with, to get into the category that was my last 
question? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
I do not think we only look at ROCE when we enter into category. Just for example in 
pulses ROCE is almost infinite right because there is no capital, we are using third party it 
is just working capital and inventory that we are holding and we are selling it off. So ROCE 
is not the only determinant. The determinant is the scale of the category, the margins in the 
category, how accretive is it to our business, do we have the capabilities to synergize and 
scale, for example getting into a Cold chain does not make sense for me right now maybe it 
is later, but today no Cold chain products will be on the table since irrespective of the 
ROCE or the margin because I do not have synergy, so there are multiple things that we 
consider when we get into a category to make sure that ultimately as Tata Consumer we are 
creating financial value. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Sure thank you. Thanks a lot. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi! Sir, my first question is on costs. So when we had acquired the consumer business of 
Tata Chemicals we had said that there are a lot of synergies not only on the topline which I 
understand but also in terms of cost and we have realized a lot of those synergies I 
remember you mentioned that there was one redundant layer of distribution which you 
removed, etc., so what I want to understand is where we are in that journey of realizing cost 
synergies from the merger, are we sort of 50% through that journey, are we 80% through 
some kind of flavor you can give on that, and a sub question to that is apart from cost 
synergies from the merger are there any other low hanging items in terms of sort of cost 
rationalization which you can implement. See there will always be some cost rationalization 
possibilities for any FMCG companies even after a century of existence and sort of good 
management. I am not talking about those I am talking about something more obvious and 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 21 
something more sort of low hanging which you can extract over the next one or two years, 
so these two sub questions are my first question. 
Sunil D’Souza: 
We had made an announcement of taking out between 100 to 150 Crores of synergies. Now 
you are right, topline is a derived calculation, but costs are real, and we were presenting the 
amount of cost till I think about September quarter if I’m not mistaken where we had almost 
delivered that entire 100 and 150 Crores and it came in various pieces, it was a layer of 
management system, it was layered in the supply chain with the super distributors and 
C&FAs, it was with the beverages and foods operating as two separate units, it was at the 
integrated structure, it was in procurement multiple pieces. So we have delivered that and 
the proof of the fact apart from this just that you would have believed the management 
when they say that they have delivered in the P&L itself. We have fueled significant 
amount of new categories and invested behind those categories number one. Even in the 
core business we have ramped up our A&P significantly while continuing to deliver 
improved financial returns. All that is possible simply because we have been taking cost out 
from the P&L, large part of that from the synergy. Just for example even in this presentation 
I showed you the secondary freight per kilometer is down by more than 25% just because 
we combine the salt and tea and that is a mathematical proven number that is on the table. 
So synergy is almost completely delivered as committed, but as you rightly said it is not a 
one stop per se. We will continue to look for synergies just for example right now we have 
announced the Tata Coffee merger and the international restructuring there is significant 
money on the table apart from the simplification, legal management teams, etc., there is 
tangible value on the table which we will take out but that we will quantify once we finish 
the entire exercise you could expect a significant number to come out that is number one. 
Number two the example that this is a constant exercise and we will keep looking for it, 
looking for opportunities is as we expand the Sampann portfolio for example we are 
leveraging 3P manufacturers across the country and as we grow this business aggressively 
we have to look at the footprint that we operate in because between freight and sourcing is 
where there is a significant amount of money. So we have just finished an exercise which 
relayers our entire or significantly changes parts of our footprint on sourcing and logistics 
again with a significant bill in terms of synergies to be realized at the end of it. So it is an 
ongoing exercise I would say 3% to 5% productivity on the cost angle will be a constant 
endeavor for this company going forward. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Second question on Starbucks and you have done very well in terms of store expansion and 
city expansion footprint, etc., I just wanted to also spend a little time on the margins so what 
my understanding of this business having studied other QSR formats is that typically 
beverages versus food, beverages has an edge in terms of better gross margins and secondly 
also given where Starbucks price points are which are definitely at a premium to other sort 
of chains in the industry I would have thought that margins would be better especially now 
since your 250 stores plus so the scale is not a big issue anymore. My expectation is that for 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 21 
a format like this pre Ind AS 116 and pre-royalty EBITDA margin should be close to 20% 
and I do not think we are there yet so do you think that is a fair target first of all and if yes 
what is required for us to go to that level? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
I would not dispute your target of the 20% margin and I would say we are quite close to that 
we are not way off right and you have to remember the margins is a function of also the 
total cost that we are bearing and the throughput that we are getting through. During 
COVID and closure we have had significant issues in terms of the traffic in the stores and 
therefore the drop in revenue while the costs have not changed significantly we have 
managed to bring down cost a bit, but they have not changed significantly, the revenues 
dropped and therefore the net margins have come down on the EBITDA level. That said 
right now we are seeing them come I would say between 15% to 20% and therefore we do 
not see an issue in ramping up going forward. 
L Krishnakumar: 
Just one another point you need to bear in mind is what you are saying without commenting 
specifically but overall profit numbers will be different in a steady state than that when you 
are expanding. We have opened as Sunil said over 25 stores in the last quarter so we are not 
in steady state yet so please remember that. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Sure. Just a clarification on this, this 15%, 20% number which you spoke about is that a 
number which is pre-Ind AS 116 or it is under the 116 reporting standard? 
L Krishnakumar: 
Let us have a conversation offline. 
Sunil D’Souza: 
Just to give you some more color on that revenue grew by 76% and EBITDA grew by 
160% so just the throughput or the traffic in the stores itself moves up the EBITDA in a big 
way and as I said on the out of home piece I think for NourishCo and Starbucks the last 
quarter was almost normal apart from the Omicron hiccups that happened. So you could 
expect to see these pieces ramping up as we go forward. 
Percy Panthaki: 
That is all from me. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Hi! Sir. My question is regarding tea margin. In the month of April we have seen a CTC 
leaf prices have go up by 12% to 16% and you talked about the tea price likely to correct so 
if it is not going to correct and can you talk about how things are going to be for the price 
increase side and margin side for the tea business in the next couple of quarters? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
Let me comment in two different ways. Number one is as tea prices go up or down we will 
modify our pricing in the market to make sure we are more or less maintaining margins 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 21 
while maintaining competitive stances and volume momentum so that is number one. 
Number two just as a perspective in the month of April if I am not mistaken while there 
were some small upticks in the North Indian tea, the South Indian tea saw a downward 
pressure so that is number two, and number three April is probably the wrong month for 
making a conclusion on tea pricing because the first flush happens about May and from 
May onwards is when you could see the price movements going up or down, but broadly 
like I said tea prices were range bound in the last quarter per se we will see some ups and 
downs but not as significant as what we have seen in FY2021 and quite a large part of the 
beginning of FY2022. If we have a normal crop this year you could see a downward 
pressure on prices overall, but anything that moves up or down we will make sure that we 
are moving our algorithm in line to make sure maintaining margin and maintaining 
momentum. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Last question the other expense is higher in Q4 what is the key reason for that? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
Sorry. 
Nidhi Verma: 
Other expenses are higher in Q4. 
 
L. Krishnakumar: 
It is not only in Q4 but overall other expenses there are number of reasons .The first is  the 
fact that we are investing in infrastructure whether sales, digital as we expect. Second is 
compared to the previous year there are new businesses which have come in like Soulfull, 
like Tata Q, third reason is we are ramping up Sampann and other things and there is an 
element of inflation which all of us have, so all these are contributors. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Trilok from Dymon Asia. Please go ahead. 
As there is no response from the current participant we will move on to the next question. 
Nidhi Verma: 
Moderator perhaps please go to the webcast now and take some questions from there. 
Moderator: 
Sure. 
Nidhi Verma: 
So there is a question from Alok Shah at Ambit. He is asking that distribution in tea and salt 
has increased by 15% and 13% CAGR over FY2020 to 2022 , wanted to check how much 
more distribution is yet to be covered and against this distribution expansion tea and salt 
volume growth CAGR has been 7% and 9% over the same period which is lower than the 
distribution expansion so is this understanding correct and how do they reconcile this? 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 21 
Sunil D’Souza: 
I will answer this in two or three parts. As I mentioned our target in terms of numeric reach 
is 4 million outlets we are at a 2.7 so we have got at least 50% more ground to cover and at 
4 million outlets I think we will be in the top quartile of FMCG company that is the target 
that is number one. Number two I do not think you can do a direct linkage with the 
distribution expansion for the same time period because this takes time to build up and 
number two as we are expanding distribution as I mentioned rest of urban and rural is the 
opportunity where you would expect to see slightly lower volume/value throughput and 
number three it is also a function of industry ups and downs while long-term the beverage 
industry in India for example the tea industry has been growing between 5% and 7% 
volume, we have seen significant softness in the beginning part of this year as I said at 
January and March two months have come in at a 5% volume growth and the industry looks 
to be coming back. I would not draw straight line correlation I would urge to go on the 
hypothesis saying that a) if you are present in 4 million outlets, if you have got strong 
brands and therefore share of handlers therefore you will be getting volume market share 
and therefore a good bottomline at the end of it. 
Nidhi Verma: 
Thanks Sunil and he has another question perhaps LK can take this. ICDs have gone up 
from 730 million to 4.99 billion can you share some more details on the same? 
L Krishnakumar: 
This is a deployment of surplus funds - we have preferred deposits with strong companies 
for example HDFC is one company where we made deposits so they are not within the 
group, when we get a better return than employing them in short-term mutual fund, so these 
are examples of where we have placed it 
Nidhi Verma: 
The last question is what is the gross margin profile of NourishCo versus tea business? 
 
Sunil D’ Souza: 
So broadly the gross margin profile of NourishCo is in the ballpark of the tea business in 
fact once we get our innovation engine fired up it should be slightly accretive to where the 
tea business would be on a steady state. As I said the big opportunity in NourishCo is that 
even after the expansion that we have done I think we still got about 45% to 50% 
geography of the country to cover, NourishCo has not delivered to its full potential on the 
bottomline simply because it has been hindered by the two waves of the second wave and 
the Omicron which we have seen, I am keeping my fingers crossed that this is the first full 
year in which they see a full summer and would have executed in all the expanded 
geographies that they have operated in and therefore you should start seeing significant 
traction on that business. 
Nidhi Verma: 
I think we can go back to the Q&A queue and perhaps we can extend the call by 10 minutes 
so that we can address rest of the questions. 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devika Jain from Ratnabali Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Devika Jain: 
Hi! I just wanted to understand what is the growth strategy for Sampann so I see Sampann 
is one of the biggest growth drivers of the Indian business so I just wanted to understand 
when in the bigger  scheme of things what would your strategy be going forward on a long-
term basis? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
I can go on for about half a day on the Sampann growth strategy but to just give you in a 
nutshell, Sampann is going to be the pantry brand for us and therefore all the categories that 
we will enter with Sampann is pantry. So right now we have got spices, we have got pulses, 
we have got besan, all of it are doing very well, Poha has grown more than 100%. Overall 
Sampann has grown by more than 30%. Sampann the other categories have been identified 
in which to enter we have just entered the dry fruit category which again is a high margin 
but trust deficit category because there is no big brand operating there. Sampann I think the 
critical case is to make sure a) we will get into the right categories, b) we build the brand on 
which I think we have got a lot of work to do, c) expand distribution, and d) most 
importantly once we get to a certain level of scale start leveraging procurement at the back 
and lastly is start putting in value-added innovation as we go through to make sure we move 
up the margin profile. 
Devika Jain: 
A little bit of guidance as to can we expect growth of more than 30% going forward? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
I would say you can expect very healthy growth across TCPL but Sampann should be 
outpacing the TCPL growth number significantly. 
Devika Jain: 
Sure thank you that was helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Hi! Sunil, Nidhi, LK good afternoon thanks for the opportunity. I have one question. In 
reference of slide #13 where you have seen strategic priorities six pillars. I would like to see 
in the context you said you are holding about 2500 Crores cash so the point what I wanted 
to understand is explore new opportunities so what is it that you are looking, are you 
looking for brand, channels, D2C or format that would be helpful and the sub question on 
that we too acquire brands Soulfull and Tata foods, in the medium to long-term say three 
years what is their expectation in terms of scale, distribution, profitability and maybe 
revenue? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
Let me answer the first part of your question. The 2400 cash is kept ready and powder dry 
to deploy in case we see opportunities I think the critical piece is creating value for Tata 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 21 
Consumers we are extremely mindful of the return ratios of the business but also we have 
got to make sure that we fulfill the ambitions in terms of scale so every opportunity is 
looked at from every multiple angle to make sure it is creating value. Soulfull for example 
and that is a classic example that I can give you. Great brand in the geography which it was 
operating and we thought we can scale it across the country they had a unique proposition 
of millet which was a differentiated proposition from a consumer perspective, but also entry 
barrier simply because they possess the technology to process millets very efficiently which 
not many companies can. Number four they have brought in a great team we have leveraged 
that by keeping the team separate and only integrating where TCPL will create value. So is 
there a specific one piece that I can give you saying we would go deploy against brands or 
we will deploy again D2C no, we look at every possible opportunity that is there, there is a 
set of targets that we have which we go after but it has to create total value. As I said every 
single acquisition has to make sense on strategic filters as I mentioned but also more 
importantly the financial filters for us to make sure that it is value accretive. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
On the two acquired brands long-term target say three to five years where do you think this 
business can go? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So it is to multiply the topline and the bottomline multifold for all the businesses. Soulfull is 
already on its way like I said it had a slow start just because of two things one is we had to 
integrate that business and number two is I think our team took a little bit of more time to 
understand the category because we have never operated in that place earlier, but now that 
we have got it, now it is into triple digit growth for the last couple of months and we expect 
to continue a very, very strong momentum going forward apart from the fact that we will 
expand portfolio. On Tata SmartFoodz I did mention earlier that we have work process 
going on to, we have already integrated the business, but from a portfolio angle and more 
importantly the big bang for the buck will be the export market making sure we have the 
brand, the product portfolio and the regulatory approvals to start ramping up that business. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Let me take a little more, I have tested both the brands and I have seen, I am a big fan of 
processed food while if I give anecdotal evidence McCain came in India with potato 
variants for long time but they have not been able to scale up of course I am not saying the 
time is different that today time is very different, in a medium to long-term to reach over 10 
billion brand do you think you will require four years, five years, six years? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
I would not give you a specific number one and I would not try to draw parallels because I 
can give you the name of one of the big competitors in India who did try to get into salt as 
well as Atta, but there are other players like we have succeeded in salt and someone else has 
succeeded in Atta. So just because “A” player tried a category and did not succeed does not 
mean others can succeed or fail. Every company has to evaluate what its strengths are, 
where are they playing to, make sure we are differentiating, make sure we have the ability 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 21 
to execute and then go for it. As I said Tata Consumers we have got lofty ambitions but as I 
just said just now I think we have just about seen 10 minutes of a two-hour movie so we 
have got a long movie to go stay tuned. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Sure thank you and all the best Sunil. 
Nidhi Verma: 
Moderator we will just take one last question now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment Advisors, Please 
go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Hi! Sunil congratulations on good set of numbers. You have answered, on the portfolio 
expansion of Soulfull, but on NourishCo how do we really look and second this ready to eat 
so it will be among the whole, full kind of a day right now we have Soulfull which is for 
morning breakfast so how do we expand that portfolio on the hygienic or nutri side and 
NourishCo. And export engine that you said so how do we see this will be distribution 
model, will be there for export? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
If I understood the question right I think NourishCo we have got a huge opportunity for 
growth. Just for example NourishCo grew by close to 90% for the year and this is without 
having a normal year I think the product portfolio that they have is Tata Gluco Plus,  Tata 
Water Plus, Himalayan, we just introduced Fruski, we have just launched the Tata ORS we 
just launched the Jelly Variant, I think just expanding in the beverage spaces where we can 
create a differentiation and value for the consumer and executing against it I think we are in 
a good place on NourishCo. On Soulfull I think the core differentiator is millet. Soulfull 
was brought in to specifically cater to the demand spaces of breakfast, snacking and mini 
meals and therefore the portfolio that you will see coming out of Soulfull and I think the 
first product should come out by new product, new, new product would start coming out by 
end of this month early next month, it is in the same space the big differentiator being millet 
and superior products per se. On Tata SmartFoodz like I said there is work in process to 
make sure that we have got a portfolio which appeals to the Indian consumer as well as for 
the International market appeals to the International consumer. In International we will play 
both the ethnic as well as the world food aisle in the mainline supermarkets. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Any thought process on the revenue from these three business contribution on the topline 
and EBITDA in over a three to five years timeframe? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So both on topline as well as EBITDA we would expect it to be incremental and 
significantly I would not hazard a guess to give you a number in the future, but just to give 
you past performance the boilerplate here is past performance can be a guarantee of future 
performance and we have grown this year. The growth businesses have grown 52% our 
endeavor will be to continue to maintain that momentum going forward. 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Bharat Sheth: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Ms. Nidhi Verma for closing comments. 
Nidhi Verma: 
Thank you. Thanks ICICI for hosting us. On behalf of the management thanks everyone for 
joining us. If you do have any remaining questions, please get in touch with me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities Limited that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
