May 09, 2022 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai -400 001 
Scrip Code - 526612 
To, 
BLUE DART 
EXPRESS LIMITED 
Blue Dart Center, Sahar Airport Road, 
Andherl (East), Mumbai • 400 099, India 
Tel.: 2839 6444 
Fax: 2824 4131 
CIN: Ul1074MH1991PLC081074 
www.bluedart.com 
communlcatlons@bluedart.com 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Sandra Kurla Complex, Sandra East, 
Mumbai -400 051 
NSE Symbol - BLUEDART 
Sub: Transcript of analyst/ investors conference call - Disclosure under 
Regulation 30 of the 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
& 
Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
We refer to our intimation dated May 03, 2022, about schedule of 'Investors Call' 
organised through M/s. Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited on May 06, 20221 to 
discuss Corporate Performance for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 
2022. The audio recording of the same was submitted on May 07, 2022. 
Please find enclosed transcript of 'Investors call' which is also made available on the 
Company's website viz; www.bluedart.com. 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
Thanking you, 

BLUE DART 
EXPRESS LIMITED 
"Blue Dart Express Limited Q4 and FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call." 
May 6, 2022 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANEEL GAMBHIR - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED 
Page 1 of 18 

Moderator: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Blue Dart Express Limited 
May 6, 2022 
Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us on the Blue Dart Express Limited Q4 and 
FY22 Earnings Conference Call. So, we have with us today Mr. Aneel Gambhir, the CFO of the 
company. So, we will begin the call with the opening remarks from the manager and followed 
by a Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you Ancel sir? 
Is it okay if I keep my video off so that, you know there is no concern on the audio so I will 
switch off my video. Good evening to all of you. Hope all of you are doing well. I welcome you 
to this call, which is an Investor/Analyst call which is open call for everybody and here we will 
be talking about quarter and the year performance of the company Blue Dart Express Limited 
and consol numbers of Blue Dart group. So, as you know, I'm sure most of you would have seen 
the result. 
Let me start from the top line. From top line perspective, there is a good growth on a lop line, 
which is in high double digit, which is about 20%-21 % growth on the top line for stand alone, 
which is coming with a healthy mix of volume and realization improvement. Though we know 
that there is a difficult situation be it geopolitical scenario and still this pandemic is not over. We 
are hearing here and there and especially outside India again where covid has been you know 
making noise especially in our neighboring countries, but then we hope with the vaccination, 
which India had probably will give us protection. So, going forward also, we will probably not 
see impact as much as other countries are seeing. 
Coming back to the quarterly performance on bottom line side: 
EBITDA performance has been quite good, healthy margin, which is about over 25% growth 
over last year, same quarter y-o-y with the 226 crore of EBITDA and margin also improved at 
19.4% versus last year of 18.6%. If you talk about full year performance standalone I think, we 
have first time record that we crossed 4000 crores, so currently 4409 crore top line growth, which 
is what 34% growth for previous year and similarly on we are being a fixed cost company and 
having an operating leverage. So, obviously, we have seen good amount of EBITDA, which is 
about 696 crore EBITDA, which is 92% growth over previous year, PAT stood at Rs. 376 crore 
which is again almost four times of previous year which was Rs. 96 crore. So, this year has been 
quite good not only from the perspective of healthy demand in the market, and since, economic 
indicators have been good so far, and they look positive when going forward. So, as a result, we 
had to put a volume growth coupled with the better realization has helped us in you know, high 
growth in a top line and point to be noted here is that even last year, we had a very good growth 
in this quarter and with a higher base quarter again this year, the performance has been quite 
good. 
Coming to consol number, I think consol number also has been quite renecting the same 
sentiment, what we spoke about on a standalone basis. So, on consol though on the face of it, 
you might see slight drop in quarter for the margin and that is actually not a drop in margin is 
because of interest costs being lower. 
Page 2 of 18 

Moderator: 
Blue Dart Express Limited 
May 6, 2022 
As you know that we had undertaken financial reengineering as a result our borrowing had gone 
down and since we have Blue Dart Aviation as a wholly owned subsidiary company and we 
operate through a ACMI agreement under which all the costs cost plus markup is borne by Blue 
Dart Express. So, that is where since interest costs is lower. So, since EBITDA in consolidation 
interest cost goes down, down the line and since that interest is lower. So, obviously, in the 
consolidation that technical shows lower margin, but ir you look at PBT and PAT number both 
are showing healthy growth over previous year, as that's what I say that it is because of the 
technical reason of lower interest cost being there because borrowing have reduced and also we 
had them interested rate reregulation because interest costs have gone down. 
On consol basis full year if you look at it, we have improved EBITDA margin from 20.7% to 
22.6% and similarly, our margin on a patch level also has increased from 3.1 % to 8.7% on consol 
basis because of this good performance, our EPS has improved from Rs. 40 odd rupees 10 almost 
Rs. 160, on a standalone basis was 158.65 and that's when we have the board of directors have 
proposed a high dividend, we paid interim dividend of Rs. 25 in between and another Rs. 35 
proposed final dividend for the year, which will take dividend to be Rs. 60 or we can say 600%. 
This year enduring pandemic we had started charter operations, which are international charters. 
This year also that has continued and supported us in generating revenues, we have seen very 
encouraging results, yes, the portion wise is a very small portion but probably if this trend 
continues in this it could be promising for us, but at this point of time it is a very-very small 
proportion which you have on the chatter side. 
Due to improved profitability and improved receivable management, we had a good amount of 
cash llow. So, we paid off all the borrowings with the bank. As we speak, this nil borrowing 
from any of the banks in Blue Dart Express actually Blue Dart Express becomes a debt free and 
Blue Dart Aviation also technically debt free, because they have 200 crore loan from Group 
company, but more than that, we are holding cash in the balance sheet. So, obviously, from that 
point of view, that is also debt free. 
Then I'll move on to what we think from future perspective, I think, barring the risk of wav 4, 
and also maybe the inflationary risk, which we see because of geopolitical situation, crude prices 
going up, even metal prices going up, that could have some impact on the production on the 
manufacturing industry. As a result, there could be some impact to us. But otherwise, if you keep 
for the time being, if you discount them, then otherwise, all economic indicators, including 
government plans of improving infrastructure, improving efficiency, making India all this, put 
together holds good promise for logistic industry and that's where we are cautiously optimistic 
about future as we move into new financial year. 
With that, I will take a pause and we will start question answer session. Over to you Alok? 
Thank you so much for the opening remarks. So, we will start the Q&A session. So, anyone 
having questions can please raise their hand or post the question in the chat box below? So, sir, 
we will get started. So, first question, sir, we take from Mr. Pulkit Patni. Please go ahead. 
Page 3 of 18 

Pulkit Patni 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Pulkit Patni: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Blue Dart Express Limited 
May 6, 2022 
Sir very good numbers. I just wanted to understand the realization bit. So, if I look at the last 
three to four years, we were at about on if I ju st divide the revenue by the number of parcels, we 
were at about Rs. 135 to 140 per parcel kind of a revenue realization. In the last two years with 
the pandemic, we have hit that number to about Rs. 170. Now, I understand it includes some bit 
of you know, these charters and some special business. Can you give us a sense of how this 
number should trend going forward if we assume a normalization in a post COVID world, how 
should that realization number look, going forward? 
Pulkit, I think let me give you a little more clarity on the realization part, which you just 
mentioned. So, as far as the realization is concerned, as you know that every year we have been 
announcing GPI that is to cover inflationary costs and because we know that in India inflation 
continues to be in 5 to 6% range. So, to offset that impact. we do take a GP! every year which 
becomes a structured exercise for last 3-4 years, but when you calculate in relation per shipment 
on a macro level, because of our product portfolio, which are different kinds of offerings are 
there probably may not give you the right picture while there could be realization increase. but 
if there is no lightweight shipment specially documents if that increases, you know probably not 
give right featured documents or even retail shipments. So, macro level calculation of realization 
per shipment may not be the right way oflooking at this. it is functional for various combinations 
of shipment which arc carried from light to bulk and when I say bulk is like it could be a one ton 
5-ton shipment and if you have since it will be counted as one shipment. So, revenue of 5-ton
shipment if you take it will distort the picture. So, my suggestion would be rather than looking 
at this way of realization, which may not give you the right picture need to look at overall 
profitability point of view because currently, for each of the offerings like ground e-commerce, 
or air, there's no such information which is in public domain, which could be used to calculate 
realization per shipment and this is a unique position for Blue Dart, unlike if you talk about e­
commerce companies, they have same kind of shipment, same profile or shipment and if you 
talk about the bulk carriers on ground, they have one offering but since Blue Dart is in unique 
position and have all the offerings, so here ground and e-commerce, probably this may not give 
you the right picture. 
Fair points. I completely understand. Lee me just rephrase that parts. What I am trying to 
understand from here on is that we had some bit of cargo that came 10 us because we were in a 
unique environment of COVID, right, where courts were closed, and a Jot of lawyers were 
getting files through Blue Dart and you know, these examples, which going forward now, some 
bit ofit reverses as we arc looking at pretty much everything being reopened. So, I am just trying 
to understand from that standpoint, did that element have anything to do with your realization 
number? That's what I am trying to understand. I completely understand we are a company where 
there are multiple products, multiple weighls. So, it is difficult to pinpoint, but because the jump 
that I see from 140 to 170 happened in two years. I just want to understand where does that 
trajectory hide head from here on? 
I think that is coming more from the product mix and the thing which you spoke about file 
moving, I think those are now behind us because we arc now in an almost normal situation where 
everything has opened up. More so when you talk about courts not working at that time people 
Page 4 of 18 

Pulkil Palni: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Pulkil Putni: 
Moderator:· 
Aditya Shirgaonkar; 
Aneel Gnmbhir: 
Blue Dart Express Limited 
May 6, 2022 
getting files from court, I do not think so many files we moved from that perspective. But having 
said that, now, document business in normal way, because now offices have opened up. So, it is 
on a growth trajectory and we are seeing a healthy growth on that side and with the travel opening 
up passports moving. So, travel logistics also is coming back in the way it was pre pandemic, it 
used to happen. So, I think we are in a normal situation currently for Inst four or five months. 
and that's what has shown instability in our numbers both on the product side as well as on the 
on the margin side. 
Fair point sir understood. So, my second question is, is on when do we expect another plane to 
be added to the fleet? I am guessing with the kind of volumes you arc seeing we would be 
operating at almost full capacity at this stage. 
Very good question Pulkit I think, yes, we are operating al very high capacity of aircraft 
utilization. In fact, for charters we have been leveraging same asset for international charter 
during daytime and in light we have been using for our network and soon you will get to hear 
about we arc currently working on this and that is what mentioned we made in press release that 
we need to expand our air and ground capacities which currently we are working on and soon 
we will get to hear about it. 
Great, sir. Good to know that and good luck for the future. 
Sir, we take our next question from Mr. Aditya Shirgaonkar. Please go ahead. 
So, excellent numbers this quarter sir. Congratulations for that. I have a question based on some 
research reports that I have read. Now to my mind it looks like as the economy improves further 
from here. I would suspect there will be more operating leverage play out and help the numbers 
for Blue Dart, however, I saw some research reports mentioning that these current margins are 
not sustainable and hence they are building in a margin decline in F24, in spite of revenue 
increasing in F23 and 24. So, is it a realistic scenario? Is it possible that economy improves, 
revenues increase, but negative operating leverage plays out for Blue Dart and margins decrease? 
I mean, I find it a bit difficult. But what is your view on this thought that has been floated in 
some research reports? 
Yes, so you are absolutely right Aditya. In fact, I, this morning, I read one report. However, they 
do talk about increase in revenue, but there is no reason given that why the margin will go down, 
in fact there has been no discussion or no such interaction with us to understand or to get a 
perspective as to why this margin will go down. While we have been saying that rationalization 
initiatives, which we have been working on for Inst two years, have started yielding results and 
that is why we are seeing margin getting improved quarter after quarter. Having said that, yes, 
even less agree to the practical fact that operating leverage is available basis of fixed costs, and 
you can leverage that fixed cost up to certain level and then you need to invest in further 
capacities to improve capacities as just now Pulkit was talking about, so if we need to add 
capacity and capacity you need to add for a longer term, and that's what initially cost it happens, 
but over a period of time it started keeps providing leverage, because of that fixed costs being 
Page 5 of 18 

Aditya Shirgaonkar: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Moderator: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Moderator: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Moderator: 
Aneel Gnmbhir: 
Moderator: 
Blue Dart Express Limited 
May 6, 2022 
sitting in the base. So, I guess, after particular level operating leverage probably goes down 
because of investment in capacity building and once the capacity is built, and that sits in the 
base, again, you start getting operating leverage. So, those kind of scenarios would exist and has 
to exist because you cannot keep getting leverage out of fees cost indefinitely, because at certain 
point of time, your capacities would be full and that is what is happening currently on the aircraft 
side, and we are talking about air and ground capacities to be built up. There could be short term 
impact of those capacity built up, but long-term story remains intact. 
Perfect, perfect. Just one more thought. So, some reports also talk about how competition will 
build up especially from the Belly cargo space from commercial airlines, but I thought you had 
mentioned early earlier in one of the previous con-calls that commercial airline, Belly Cargo and 
your operations they find it very difficult to compete straightaway because they are more the 
passenger ferry. So, do you think is belly cargo from commercial aircraft is a real competitive 
threat going forward? 
In fact, you are absolutely right I have been maintaining and I will continue 10 maintain that 
belly cargo is a completely different ballgame versus, cargo flying and door-to-door time definite 
deliveries and the belly cargo thing is not scalable and is cost prohibitive for smaller capacities 
yes, one can use it, but when it needs to be scaled up then obviously, it does not work, the 
commercials or practical operational does not work on you know, belly space. So, that is where 
otherwise we would not have been adding aircrafts and carrying so much of load in cargo 
aircrafts. So, for a smaller load, yes, it may be there, but that's not a competition because it cannot 
be scaled up. As we have been mentioning in the past, we continue to maintain for feature. For 
a bigger business, you need to have a dedicated capacity with the reliability and that can only be 
offered by cargo aircrafts and not by belly space and that is why we do not take that as a part of 
our competition. 
Sir, before we take the next question, we had one question in the chat as well, how much would 
be the E-commerce portion in terms of revenue for this quarter and year. 
So. e-commerce portion is one of the important vertical for us which has been contributing to 
the top line. So, though this information not in public domain, but it is one of the key vertical 
for us to grow right now, we are not providing that information on the how much percentage per 
se, but on a rough scale basis, one can say roughly about you know, in the range of) would say 
one fourth or so it contributes that much. 
Sure, in terms of revenue as well as parcel size as well. 
In revenue terms sure. 
And in terms of volume, So, if any color on that. 
I would not be able to provide that, because that is not in public domain. 
Sure, sir no problem. We will now take the next question from Ankita. Please go ahead. 
Page 6 of 18 

Ankita: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Ankita: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Ankita: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Blue Dart Express Limited 
May 6, 2022 
So, I wanted to understand what is your demand outflow for B2B and B2C because in 
anticipation of strong demand is what is driving the, CAPEX plan and higher capacity addition 
in the air and ground Express. So, your outlook on the B2B and B2C industry and growth going 
forward? 
So, very good question Ankita, thank you for it. If you look back on last 5 to 6 quarters. barring 
the quarter, when we had we have to impact, I think there has been a strong demand basis which 
we have been growing our top line and going forward also going by the economic indicators be 
it a forecast from various agencies and also government plans on improving infrastructure. So, 
like, we know that government has been heavily investing in infrastructure, and there is a 
multiplier impact of that from the private sector. So, if all of that has to happen, coupled with 
the PM Gati Shakti Plan, where there is a lot more the platform being created for coordinated 
efforts to improve infrastructure in the country, be it air, ground or road or even railways and 
also the kind of investments being spoken about in logistic parks to facilitate and to improve 
efficiency coupled with what we are talking about is making India or China plus or Atmanirbhar 
Bharat, all of this sounds well sounds good, as far as logistic is concerned and as I have been 
mentioning. in the past, it has a double impact on us, because one on supply side, one on the 
consumption side when finished product is made. So, that holds good promise for logistic 
company. Apart from this, what we have been talking about a GST benefit due to centralization 
of distribution, which has not happened. So, I think if you take that also, if not now, maybe year 
two year down the line that has to happen, because by the time positions taken by people will 
get settled. So, if all of those efficiency needs to come to the books, as government has been 
talking about 13-14%. cost of logistics will come down to 5 6%. or if not 5-6. at least 7-8%, then 
all these efficiency measures coupled with the scalability of infrastructure, and also, the 
manufacturing sector, which government is doing goose including the PL!, incentives for people 
to produce in India, all of that holds good promise and that is why we feel that probably going 
forward demand is going to be strong, barring if there are some temporary impact of inflation or 
maybe geopolitical situation could derail. If you discount these two, I think going forward 
demand would be good and that is where probably we need to get up to handle high demand and 
bring capacity not only on air, but also have a capacity for handling packages on the ground. 
Okay on which segment are you more positive B2B or B2C? 
Both hold good promise for us because B2C also is essentially we are talking about e-commerce. 
there is a lot of headroom available from retail spending about 15% or so in developed countries. 
In India still is close to 4%. So, there is a lot of headroom available on a retail side and similarly, 
on the B2B side also all this manufacturing if these more into India holds good promise. So, I 
think boch sector would be having good growth opportunities. 
And one last from I said, what has been the impact of ATF price increase on !he financials? 
So, very good question again. Ankita. The fuel has been quite volatile for last quite a few months 
and we all know that geopolitical situation has been impacting the fuel and handling fuel 
volatilily is not new to us. We have been handling it for almost two decades now. That's why we 
Page 7 of 18 

Ankita: 
Aneel Gombhir: 
Ankilo: 
Aneel Gombhir: 
Moderator: 
Kripashankar: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Kripashankar: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Kripashankar: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Blue Dart Express Um;ted 
May 6, 2022 
have had a fuel surcharge mechanism in place. So, we have seen in the past all volatility 
including fuel prices going up $140 and right now also it is so close to $110 or so, so it has 
effectively provided us hedge against such volatility and which is well settled and well 
appreciated by customers and we believe going forward also that will continue to provide us 
natural hedge by parcels. So, it will not have much impact on our bottom line, because that's a 
complete pass on by mechanism. 
So, you mean to say there is no material impact of increase in ATF price on the quaner and for 
the full year. 
For the quaner of the full year because we have a fuel surcharge mechanism which provides us 
a natural hedge, 
But it's with a lag. 
Yes, there is one month lag only. 
We take next question from call Mr. Kripashankar. Please go ahead. 
Great margins are.just a couple of questions sir. First, on the employee costs, I can see that there 
is a sharp decline sequentially. So.just wanted to understand, is there any one offs or any specific 
reason why it is relatively lower? 
Okay, yes, for the quaner, I think there is a slight, lower employee cost as compared to the 
previous quaners, previous quaner actually was a festive quancr. That's where we do a lot of 
time hiring and that is why it impacts the wage bill and this quaner being not a festive quaner. 
That is why there is some amount of improvement in efficiency. At the same time, there is a 
small reversal of the previous quaner. That's where because at the month end when you make a 
provision, and then sometimes you find that probably it was little conservative, and that's where 
small reversal happens and that's why for the quaner, you're seeing a slightly lower number, but 
on a year to year basis, I think there's a quite an increase of over 23 crore, which is what generally 
we pay out is a per annum kind of cost for inflation. 
Sir what would be the quantum of that provision reversal, which was adjusted in the founh 
quaner? 
So, roughly our wage bill for the quaner is generally in the range of about Rs. 135 crores or so. 
Still, if 1 if I look at it on 135 crores, the first and the second quaner also had a fairly higher 
number. So, I guess provision was higher during those. 
No, there was one of bonus, which was COVID bonus, which was there in quarter 2 and quaner 
3 was festive season. That's where we do a lot of temporary hiring. That's why it was on a higher 
side on that. 
Page 8 of 18 

Kripashankar: 
Aneel Gamhhir: 
Kripashankar: 
Aneel Gamhhir: 
Kripashankar: 
Ancel Gambhir: 
Kri pashankar: 
Blue Dart Express Limited 
May 6, 2022 
Understood and the second question also was on specific events happening in the market. So, 
we came across multiple media articles stating that there were some integration challenges with 
respect to delivery and spot on due to which, a lot of the other surface express providers like 
gained share , just wanted to get your take as to was Blue Dart able to benefit out of this 
integration challenges of competition. 
So, I think, that integration challenge, I'm sure any such event would have that challenge, and 
what we understand that is often lute scenario, and not as much as in the quarter which you were 
discussing correctly on the results side because this was more towards in April, also, the reports 
started appearing. right. 
Right. But yes, I just wanted to get a direct actual sense as to whether are you seeing any benefits 
because of the signs and the volumes have remained strong that's something which I wanted to 
just get your sense on. 
I think the scenario which you are talking about is in current scenario, so I may not be able to 
comment on this at this point of time. I am really sorry for that, my apologies. 
Right. No worries sir. Just one more question I wanted to ask also was on the, the overall gains 
what you have seen in the E-commerce space, while what you are seeing is that probably volume 
standpoint, e-commerce, especially Omnichannel has done quite well and Blue Dart's presence 
in the Omnichannel that's quite strong. Just wanted a pick a sense as to in the E-commerce what 
would be a proportion ofOmnichannel or social form vis-a-vis the marketplace and how are you 
placing yourself for a strong growth going ahead with respect to infrastructure as well as any 
other capabilities which we want to add or something? 
So, as far as Omnichannel is concerned, you arc absolutely right, we have very strong presence, 
because that is a value add situation in which, customers believe that Blue Dart is better prepared 
to handle and provide that value and also enhance customer experience. So, from that 
perspective, I think customers have been proofing Blue Dart and as some of this information is 
in public domain already, so all of them have been very firmly tied up and dealing with Blue 
Dart. As we have been also having new wings also in that space, but since they are not in public 
domain, I am not able to quote their names, but then, yes. we arc progressing well in that space 
and going forward also, we are focusing more on that one that it regimens well with Blue Dart, 
value added and better customer experience philosophy and also provides customers, Omni 
Channel owners a good sense of value addition to the loyal customers. So, I think it is a win-win 
scenario for all the three parties in this and that is where focus continues to remain on growing 
that space. At this point of time, it is still not a very significant part in the overall pie. But we 
expect in times to come become a significant part in the overall e-commerce space. 
Sir but the reason why I was asking this question is that given that growth prospects in the E· 
commerce space is substantially higher and one can perhaps see that B2B may not follow the 
same trajectory. With this has, sort of the event happens a mix would be further increasing 
towards e-commerce, if at all, that's the case. then. given that the E-commerce logistics is an 
Page 9 of 18 

Aneel Gambhir: 
Moderator: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Moderator: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Moderator: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Moderator: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Moderator: 
Alok Deshpande: 
Blue Dart Express Limited 
May 6, 2022 
extremely competitive space vis-ll-vis, a B2B side, do you see that the mix itself can have an 
optical challenge on !he margin side. is that is that something which is likely? 
In fact, Blue Dan philosophy has been on this lile, to do business only with the profit. so we will 
pick up a shipment with a profi1able growth and not compete on pricing and that is what we have 
been doing and we follow that and we will continue to follow that. Having said that, I'm sure 
you will. if you are monitoring media repons. recently, some of the players who were earlier 
selling cheap or selling lower than the cost, they have also increased prices because they are at 
the end of it sometimes they need to have accountability of doing business sustainably or show 
profitability at least to the investors. So, taking that clue. and also going by our philosophy of 
doing business profitably, I don't see much challenge on margin coming from this front because 
we will pick up and more so when you are talking about Omnichannel growth. which will be 
much faster and much higher. That is what more of value addition is there, which happens on 
the premium pricing. So, I do not see challenge coming from this sector or this section on the 
margin side. We do not have any material impact. 
So, sir we will just take one question, which had come in the chat. So.just wanted the broad split 
of air and ground express in the current quarter. 
So. almost I/3th would come from the ground. 
Sure. and how do we see this changing for the next two to three years? 
Meaning going forward. you are talking about. 
Yes. 
So, going forward. it will be very difficult to comment at this point of time. but then, yes, ground 
is growing faster than air. So. obviously, there will be some skew towards ground as you move 
ahead. Now. it depends how the situation pans out. Accordingly, I will not be able to give you 
the numbers as to what mix we are looking at. but definitely there will be a skew towards ground. 
Sure, and just one last question in the same chat. So, what growth rate could be expected sir for 
both these venicals air and ground? 
So. in groundside. you can comfortably going by the current, indicators a high double digit kind 
of growth and on air side you can take high single digit kind of a growth. 
So, we will take our next question from the panel. So, we will take a question from Mr. Alok 
Deshpande. Please go ahead. 
First of all, congratulations on a great set of numbers to the entire team and a great year also, sir. 
two queslions. One. I think in one of the responses to the earlier participants, you mentioned that 
there was a small reversal in the employee cost. I think. even if you were to adjust for that. I 
Page 10 of 18 

Aneel Gambhir: 
Alok Deshpande: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Alok Deshpande: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Alok Deshpande: 
Aneel Gambhil": 
Alok Deshpande: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Moderator: 
Sandeep Bansal: 
Blue Dart Express Um;ted 
May 6, 2022 
think your margins would be 18% plus, I am talking about the EBITDA margins. Would you 
say that that is the new normal? I mean. that that becomes your base case, in a way. 
So, current quarter if you talk over. Okay, you are saying you're just and after adjusting. you're 
calculating the margin. 
Yeah, I mean, even if you even if you add back that whatever Rs. 8-10 crores to the employee 
cost, I think still, your margins would be almost close to 18%, or even slightly higher than that. 
vis-a-vis, maybe 16 and a half or something like that in Q3. What I wanted to know was, is this 
I 8% odd becomes your new normal, given the cost cutting measures that we have been taking 
for the last few quarters? 
So, very good question here, though, 18% looks quite high in given the current competitive 
scenario. But then, what I just mentioned about adding capacity, and also ensuring that we 
continue to maintain our customer experience, because all decisions we should take keeping 
customer in the forefront. So, from that perspective, there could be some investments or some 
operating costs, which could get added on automation, visualization, etc. So, I am sure if not the 
similar range, around same range, we would, or maybe slightly, JOO or 200 basis point one can 
assume even if it gets impacted, on a conservative side, I think that's the kind of, trajectory going 
forward we will try and maintain. 
Fair point, fair point and sir you also mentioned, Road Express being part of being I/3th of this, 
this is you are talking about the revenue share here. 
Yeah, I'm talking about range of revenue share. 
Okay and sir this is and the way this is defined as if any parcel goes from destination A to B 
completely through ground then only that comes under this I/3th. 
That is Right. 
And sir just one last bit. this e-commerce, I think you I do not want to ask the revenue share, but 
is it fair to assume that the growth that you would be building in for the next couple of years or 
even after that, in the growth delta, the share of e-commerce would be fairly high? Right. I mean. 
Absolutely. Right. 
Thanks so much. Pleasure talking to you. Sir we take our next question from Mr. Sandeep 
Bansal? Please go ahead. 
Yes, thank you so much for your time. Sir my first question is that did I understand you correctly 
when you said that there is not going to be much impact on margins from a change in mix if it 
happens? So, are we saying that road margins and air margins are roughly similar? 
Page 11 of 18 

Aneel Gambhir: 
Sandeep Bansal: 
Aneel Gnmbhir: 
Sandeep Bansal: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Sandeep Bansal: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Moderator: 
Sanjay Sethupalhi 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Snnjny Selhupathi: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Sanjay Sethupathi: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Sanjay Sethupalhi: 
Blue Dart Express Limited 
May 6, 2022 
Yes, so what we do is in our pricing strategy, currently margin, we maintained at the same level 
almost with a very marginal difference. So, if you know ground grows faster, still, it may not 
impact margin as much is general perception is. You are absolutely right. 
Sure and sir would it be fair to say that the bulk of the gains from cost rationalization measures 
are already reflected in the numbers, though, obviously, it is an ongoing exercise but the bulk of 
it is already realized. 
Yes, you are absolutely right. We are in the journey of excellence and whatever we are all on 
the plate, a lot of it has already been actioned and that is why we are seeing the benefit of that. 
However, having said that, we continue to explore newer areas and if you find this opportunity, 
we definitely work on that so that we further improve our efficiency. 
And sir large lastly.just to clarify, to your previous questions response, you had said that margins 
could at worst have a downside of 100 to 200 basis points. That was from Q4 levels of four from 
an entire financial year perspective. 
So, since the reference was for the Q4, so the response was in response to the Q4 numbers, 
Sure but applicable for the whole year. 
Absolutely. 
Sir. We take our next question from Mr. Sanjay Sethupathi. Please go ahead. 
Sir two quick questions. Number one is that your revenue declined a bit sequentially. ls ii 
because of omicron wave or this is a typical seasonality of your business? 
I have not seen the revenue number declining. 
Compared to your December quarter. 
December quarter, definitely, because that's the festive quarter, generally you will have a high 
revenue. So, it's more of a seasonality. So, typically, for us, the highest revenue would be in 
December quarter. And followed by September quarter, followed by March quarter, and the 
lowest quarter generally used to be our June quarter and that is how the scenario looks like if 
you go look in the past. 
And there is no impact of Omicron wave per se. 
Per se in last quarter. No. 
Okay. Okay and sir my other question is that, as you say that December is your biggest quarter, 
but then even if I do all kinds of adjustment, still, your margin in December quarter was little 
lower than March quarter. ls it because of the business mix that is in the festive season, your mix 
Page 12 of 18 

Aneel Gambhir: 
Sanjay Sethupathi: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Sanjay Sethupathi: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Sanjay Sethupathi: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Moderator: 
Namish Rao: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Blue Dart Express Limited 
May 6, 2022 
is more towards E-commerce, which is lower margin and does that explain this margin volatility, 
then. 
I think there are two three factors which probably need to be taken into account. As I mentioned, 
on the cost efficiency side, we have been working on the new by the time you realize full 
potential, of initiatives, obviously, that has a sequencing impact. So, that's one. Secondly, what 
happens during festive period, we build up additional capacities. So, sometimes if all the 
capacities are not fully utilized, and then that obviously has impact on the botlom line. So, and 
this is what exactly happened in the December quarter we have build up higher capacity but 
utilization was not as expected, because of lower level of shipping, especially on the E­
commerce side during that period and that's why in that period, there was some impact to margin. 
Wonderful sir, lastly if you can just explain that you were saying that you are already operating 
at full capacity and that's why you will be adding some flight simulator to your fleet. Fleet, you 
will go through fleet expansion and that may have some kind of margin pesos. So, when is that 
likely to happen like it is? It has been proposed for the current financial year or a little farther 
away. 
I think on this front, we will come back to you soon as to what is our plan, right now plans are 
not final. So, that is why I am not able to comment on that. 
But what you would rather say that basically there could be some amount of cost dislocation 
because of that. But that's something. 
That will be for temporary period, you will not be for longer term, it may be a quarter or two at 
the most. 
Understood, So, are you kind of clarify that you are anyway, looking to sustain aquarter4 margin 
with a plus minus 100 odd basis point. 
Yes, that's what is our thought and plan and that too, with a decent growth outlook for the coming 
year. That's it. 
So, we take next question from Namish Rao. Please go ahead. 
Sir I just wanted one clarification. So, this we have seen a sequential decline in the depreciation 
number. So, is this because of the aircraft that we purchased and should we see this as a number 
going forward to sustain? 
So, now depreciation number has two things and primarily for that responsibility comes from 
the 116-accounting standard. So, if you sign new leases, suddenly this number goes up and if 
you have new facilities if you do not add new facilities obviously sequentially, the depreciation 
number will keep going down. That is point number one and second impact you rightly identified 
because we purchased three aircrafts. So, earlier those were appearing as a part of ROU asset, 
which now generaUy will be depreciated over a longer term, earlier that gets depreciated over a 
Page 13 of 18 

Namish Rao: 
Aneel Gnmbhir: 
Namish Rao: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Namish Rao: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Namish Rao: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Moderator: 
Ishpreet Kaur: 
Aneel Gamhhir: 
Ishpreet Kaur: 
Blue Darl Express Limited 
May 6, 2022 
period of lease term, now, instead of that it becomes depreciation is over the period of life of 
aircraft and also, if you recall, two quarters back, we did have some upgrade of the old systems 
old systems will return of. 
And sir, can we expect the interest cost also go down accordingly going forward? 
Yes, so, interest costs going forward on consol basis would be very low, because now since we 
have become debt free, all the debts have been paid off. So, if at all interest costs will be within 
company and that in consol will get nullified. So, it will be only the impact of 116 which features 
is a part of finance costs otherwise. there will not be any interest costs unless we start boring 
again. 
Sir, just again on this capacity investment front and sir did I hear you correct that you may have 
to invest in your to increase your ground capacities as well. 
Yes, so, we need to upgrade our hub facilities to handle larger volume. So, as we are talking 
about double digit growth in surface, so, obviously, if surface is gr(!wing that much, we need to 
have capacity building in our hubs for transshipment of those shipments. So, it will require 
bigger space. So, we may have to go for a bigger space for building that capacity of getting larger 
tonnage. 
So, and if you can share how much in lerms of square feet any ballpark number that you can 
share that how much either you manage if you can share. 
So, currently about more than 3 million kind of a space, which we have, and for going forward, 
whal we are going to do, you will get to hear in some time. 
And lhese 3 million will be for entire operations. 
Yes. 
Sir we take next question from lshpreel Kaur from Motilal AMC, please go ahead. 
Just wanted to check with you what would be the share of the documents in this quarter? 
So, as far as document is concerned, it continues to similar range what we have seen earlier pre 
pandemic, which is close to about in the range of about 1/4 kind of number. 
Okay, so we arc back to the pre-pandemic. Okay, and just wanted to understand, like you were 
saying that the ATA prices are a complete past to where the lack of say a month or so max, 1he 
realizations for us will move in line with ii, right? So, what is the kind of realization growth that 
we could see and also if you could throw some kind of light on the volume growth, because our 
base of volume growth is very strong in FY22. So, how do we look at volume growth in FY23? 
Page 14 of 18 

Aneel Gnmbhir: 
Ishpreet Kaur: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
lshpreet Kaur: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Ishpreet Kaur: 
Aneel Gnmbhir: 
Ishpreel Kaur: 
Aneel Gnmbhir: 
Moderator: 
Shivaji Mehta: 
Blue Dart Express Limited 
May 6, 2022 
So, as far as volume growth is concerned, firstly, let me comment on you are right we were 
talking about fuels such as mechanism which is passed through and provides a hedge. As far as 
volume is concerned. I think we have been having high double digit volume growth and that is 
why we, in fact, started giving numbers about the number of shipments and tonnage carried. But 
then on absolute number are already there in press release, which you mentioned the number of 
shipment, which you carried. Overall. it talks about roughly 30% or so volume growth and 
roughly about close to 4% kind of a relation growth, correct? 
Yes right? So, how do we look at it for FY23 as the basis so strong? 
I will not be able to comment on that part because future guide is probably we are not giving but 
the sense is we will continue to have a high double-digit growth. That is what our current sense 
is from the economic activities. 
Okay and utilization growth may also be higher because of the ATF crisis. 
A similar range or maybe slightly higher than that. 
Similar range in the sense of 4 to 5% seen this year, and also the hike that we take off 8 to 9%. 
That was again to be taken in the Jan of this ycar as well. Docs that start reflecting in overall say 
at some point of time at 8 to 9%. 
You know. actually the 9.6%, we announced is kind of a benchmark rate, but the effective 
realization because some customers have. depending on volume, they do negotiate and not fully 
in that range. So, Average comes in between 4 to 5% kind of realization every year for last 3-4 
years, which is seen. So, we expect the similar scenario to happen in this year and some part of 
it is already reflected in the current quarters number and that's why we mentioned realization 
growth coupled with the volume and the healthy volume growth has helped to in terms of the 
double digit for 21 %, top line growth, which you have. 
Got it and again, like you were just saying, you still see a high double-digit growth with 4 or 5% 
price hike, see and sir how much could be the CAPEX like you were mentioning thal we may 
do some investments, so ballpark. what could be the CAPEX that we can take? 
So, right now, since are on drying board to finalize our plan, I am not able to comment how 
much additional will be there, but if you go by the historical number and the earlier plan, it was 
roughly in the range of 150 crore to 200 crore, but then if this increase will come back. about it 
some time. 
Thank you so much. Sir. we take our next question from Mr. Shivaji Mehta. Please go ahead. 
Sir I had a question on the service transport business wherein one of our competitors namely 
Gati. They have been talking about a 3x growth in their top line in the next three years, wherein 
the industry is just going to grow at a CAGR of 12 to 15%. They are kind of targeting a 3,c 
growth, which will mainly come from them taking away a chunk of the market share from the 
Page 15 of 18 

Aneel Gambhh-: 
Shivaji Mehta: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Moderator: 
Vipu1Shah: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Blue Dart Express Limited 
May 6, 2022 
existing competitors. So, just what are your thoughts on this? Do you see this as a threat and 
how confident arc you about holding on to your market share? 
So, I am not able to comment on what Gali has made a statement on, because I am sure they 
will have their strategy, how they want to do it. As far as Blue Dart is concerned, we always 
welcome competition, because that helps us improving our offering to customers. as I 
mentioned earlier. that our focus continues to be on customer requirements and making sure 
that whatever decision we take. we keep customer in mind, and keep meeting the customer 
requirement, and always have a happy customer. So, if you have a happy customer I am sure, 
customer is going to continue to deal with you as a service provider and that's what we are 
focusing on. Having said that, because Gati has been in business for so many number of years, 
right and the fact that we were the last entrant in this field in 2008, in the premium segment, 
and we have been growing our market share year after year. despite of presence of Gati and 
Safexpress. So, I am sure customers are seeing value in our offering and that is why they feel 
comfortable and they continue to appreciate our service and there is no reason for us to believe 
that going forward that we lose value. So, I am not as much worried about what Gati is making 
a claim, as much worried about that how do we further keep improving our service quality to 
customers, so that customer continues to deal wich us. So, we will rather focus our all energies 
in improving customer experience. So, that customer remains happy and continues to deal with 
us with safely and reliability USP, which we have for so many years. 
Righi sir make sense. Sir. just one last question again at the surface transport business if you 
can give some color on the margins. how it kind of differs from say one end user industry to 
the other. So, say for example. an e-com versus pharma versus FMCG how different could the 
margins be and also say B2B versus B2C? How different are the margins there? 
So, since our offering is slighcly different we are not differentiating on the industry type. For us, 
it is a package which we deliver. So, our pricing strategy. be it pharma, be it or any other induslry, 
the pricing strategy remains the same. So, we do not differenciate basis chc industry which you 
deal with, rather we differentiate on the service and reliability and the safely of the package. So, 
for us pricing slrategy remains the same. 
So, Sir we take next question from Mr. Vipul Shah. please go ahead. 
My question is what is the market sharing ecommerce segment and at what rate we are growing 
in that particular segment? 
Sir. So, right now. markel share study has not been conducted because of a pandemic and now 
markets are stabilizing. So, people are now talking about conducting a survey. As we know, 
earlier, we had a market share about 18%. That's a pre pandemic we are calking about, but there 
is a lot of change in customer buying habits and also, growth has been quite high for us as well, 
especially on the number of shipments we could pick up or even on the top line side. So, right 
now. I am not able to comment because credible numbers are not available. Once study is 
conducted by the market research agency. maybe I will be able to share with you. As far as our 
Page 16 of 18 

Vipul Shah: 
Aneel Gamhhir: 
Moderator: 
Pulkit Singal: 
Aneel Gamhhir: 
Pulkit Singal: 
Aneel Gamhhir: 
Pulkit Singal: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Blue Dart Express Limited 
May 6, 2022 
growth is concerned, I think we have very healthy double-digit growth on the E-commerce 
shipments side. 
And directionally, can you comment on the margin in e-commerce segment vis-a-vis other 
segments? I do not want the exact number just direction. 
Yes, so as earlier I mentioned that Blue Dart believes in doing business profitably, and we will 
continue to do that and I am sure competition will follow now, the same strategy, because of the 
media reports suggest that now they are also in the coming in the same league. So, if they come 
and compete on a same level playing field, I think Blue Dart would continue to do business 
profitability and also gain market share because of, better service delivery and better customer 
experience because right now, it was unfair competition, so to say, in inverted commas, because 
of the funding. they have been undercutting, selling lower than the cost. and that's why they have 
been getting the shipments or the volume. So, once they do business sustainably, I am sure Blue 
Dart will gain out of it including the margin. 
So, we take the last question from Mr. Pulkit Singal, please go ahead. 
Just wanted to get some clarity based on your response to some of the questions. You talked 
about high double digit volume growth and 4% to 5% pricing growth. which seems lo suggest 
almost a 20% plus kind of revenue growth and I am not able to tie it up with what you said on 
the ground and air space, how do you get this kind of revenue growth without air going in double 
digits, because you mentioned that air will grow only at high single digits, whereas ground is 
just I/3th of your business. So, for you to achieve an overall 20% plus would mean grounds to 
add 50% Plus, I mean, so, please help me understand the math I mean, does this take into account 
that air will grow at double digit, so what is the understanding? 
So, firstly, Pulkit I did not say that we will grow to 20% I said, growth maybe double digit and 
also will have 4% to 5% kind of a relation gain, which you do get in as we have been getting in 
the past not to two years. Having said that if one goes by indicators, and you know, growth on 
ground is a high double digit, could be anywhere between 15 to any number one can talk about 
20-30 one can look at it that way. That's point number one. Second, yes. from long term
perspective it could be high single digit, but short-term perspective, it could be double digit as 
well. But then that's what we are talking about how do we see future. Future could be single digit 
number on a CAGR basis and that's what that is what my answer was. 
You mean for air single digit CAGR, but it could be yes, double digit. 
For short term yes. 
Okay and does this take into account your capacity expansion plans or is this even before that? 
So, capacity expansion will be based on the volume growth which will take so right now we arc 
talking about volume growth and even current capacity is not being sufficient and that is why 
we are leveraging our assets during day operation. So, when we expand capacity, obviously that 
Page 17 of 18 

Pulkit Singal: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Pulkit Singo!: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Pulkit Singal: 
Aneel Gambhir: 
Moderator: 
Aneel Gamhhir: 
Blue Datt Express Limited 
May 6, 2022 
will help us in one timely delivery and second 10 cater 10 the capacity requirement. which will 
be basis, the volume growth. 
Understood and sir lastly, in on the margin rate, if I look at the consolidated EBITDA margins 
for the last three quarters, and I am saying last 3 quarters, because obviously first quarter was 
impacted by COVID, so just close to 24% odd right and when you are talking about a business 
like yours, that revenue level, and you have, the kind of revenue growth, you arc predicting, 
which is a healthy double digit revenue growth and you arc also starting to talking about 
competition being lower, they also focusing on profitability and the business has high operating 
leverage as well. So, why should margins contract al all, I understand you would look to invest 
a bit, but would it this mean that from your 24% levels, it should only grow higher? I am just 
confused why it should contract? 
No, I think the earlier discussion was from a standalone basis, and now you are comparing that 
with a consol basis. 
Okay, so yes, I am curious to understand the trajectory of this 24% average EBITDA margin for 
the next couple of years. 
That could only have some impact be, as I mentioned, because of investment requirements for 
building up capacity and what could be short term, and thereafter, it will start giving leverage 
the way currently we are seeing leverage of earlier investments. 
Right, but your competition intensity and higher revenue growth, does it not offset the impact of 
this investment? 
Maybe partially, it could offset. We are being slightly on the conservative side. Because right 
now, when we presume that probably competition in price will give us some benefit, but what if 
ii does not come? 
So, thanks. I think we are run out of time now. So, thank you so much, everyone, for joining in 
and thank you, Ancel sir, for giving us the opportunity to host this call. 
Thank you, pleasure talking to you, interacting with you, and looking forward to having your 
feedback. If you have any feedback you can always share with us. So, maybe through Alok and 
otherwise also, most welcome. Thank you. 
Page 18 of 18 
