  
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
    
    
  
Corporate Office: 
  
Registered Office: 
  
CIN 
: L65991DL1990PLC041796 
Plot No 492, Udyog Vihar, 
  
5th Floor, Kundan Bhawan 
  
Landline No 
: 0124-4715400 
Phase-III, Gurugram, Haryana- 
  
Azadpur Commercial Complex, 
E-Mail ID 
: info@satincreditcare.com 
122016, India 
  
Azadpur, Delhi - 110033, India 
Website 
: www.satincreditcare.com 
 
May 9, 2022 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra East, Mumbai-400051 
 
Scrip Code: SATIN 
 
   The Manager,   
   BSE Limited, 
   25th Floor, P. J. Towers, 
   Dalal Street,  
   Mumbai-400001 
 
   Scrip Code: 539404 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call on Financial Results & Future Outlook of Satin 
Creditcare Network Limited (“the Company”) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to our earlier intimation dated April 29, 2022 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find 
enclosed Transcript of Earnings call on financial results for the quarter and year ended March 
31, 2022 & future outlook of the Company held on Thursday, May 5, 2022.  
 
The link to access Transcript of Earning calls is https://satincreditcare.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/05/SCNL_Earnings-Call-Transcript-for-the-quarter-and-year-ended-
31Mar22.pdf 
 
This is for your information and record please. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Vipul Sharma) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
VIPUL 
SHARMA
Digitally signed by 
VIPUL SHARMA 
Date: 2022.05.09 
16:39:18 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“Satin Creditcare Network Limited FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
 
 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. H P SINGH – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MR. JUGAL KATARIA - GROUP CONTROLLER 
MS. ADITI SINGH – HEAD STRATEGY  
 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Satin Creditcare Network limited FY22 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” then 
“0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. HP Singh – Chairman and Managing Director of Satin Creditcare 
Network Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
HP Singh: 
Thank you so much. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to discuss our 
financial performance in Q4 and FY22. 
I hope you and your family are safe and keeping healthy. I am hoping you have already got our 
quarterly results and investor presentation. Those who haven’t seen them yet can do so via our 
website and stock exchange.  
Early signs of economic recovery were visible in the second half of the year, with the complete 
lifting of lockdown restrictions and significantly larger vaccination programs across the country. 
As previously stated the Company has taken a well-calibrated and careful approach in disbursing 
new loans with a strong emphasis on collection. We took the correct steps at the right time to 
reduce the risk of portfolio delinquency while maintaining asset quality. Our GNPA for the year 
stood at 8% with an adequate provision of 6.7%. 
Our well thought out business acumen combined with robust underwriting measures has enabled 
us to remain resilient even in times of adversity faced by the business and the industry. Our 
AUM for the year ended 31st March 2022 stood at Rs. 7,617 crores. Going forward as the 
economy returns to normalcy, we estimate steady state AUM growth of 20 to 25% for 
microfinance, allowing us to reclaim lost ground, housing and MSME will grow at a much faster 
pace.  
To achieve this outline growth over the medium to long term, the Company is well capitalized 
with the CRAR of 27.8% and a balance sheet liquidity of Rs. 1,291 crores. The Company has 
successfully raised Rs. 225 crores by way of allotment of equity shares, and fully convertible 
warrants to the promoter and non-promoter entities in January 2022. The Company has received 
Rs. 75 crores against allotment of shares in Q4 FY22. 
As cases have begun to decline and more people are being vaccinated our collections are 
gradually returning to pre COVID levels. One big positive is that most restrictions have now 
been lifted in the major parts of the country where we operate and we are seeing a significant 
uptick in our collection efficiency on a sequential basis. Overall, the collection efficiency for Q4 
FY22 stood at 100%. This improvement signifies our robust underwriting and collection 
framework as well as the resilience of our customer base.  

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
In the near-term, the RBI new regulation will provide a more stringent and stronger framework 
with a level playing field for all lenders. This directive along with the framework such as scale-
based regulation, income recognition, asset classification, prompt corrective action and 
information security will ensure the industry has healthy growth in a risk-adjusted manner and 
we as one of the industry's leading players are expected to rebound strongly. 
Now going through the financial and operational highlights of the Company: 
 Our AUM on 31st March 2022 stood at 7,617 crores.  
 Our average ticket size or MFI lending for the quarter stood at Rs. 40,000.  
 As of 31st March, we have a customer base of more than 28 lakhs.  
 Our disbursement for the quarter stood at Rs. 1,900 crores as compared to Rs. 1,348 crores in 
Q3 FY22 and Rs. 2,376 crores in Q4 FY21. Our assigned portfolio stood at Rs. 1,204 crores.  
o 
Standalone disbursement for the quarter stood at 1,622 crores as compared 
to Rs. 1,085 crores in Q3 FY22 and 2,084 crores in Q4 FY21. 
o 
We are seeing disbursements activity to pick up as more population is now 
vaccinated and the economic activities returning to normalcy.  
o 
As of 31st March 2022, 100% of our disbursements are made through 
cashless mode while cashless collections stood at 6%. We have also adopted 
website payment options and UPI auto debit.  
 NII for FY22 stood at Rs. 755 crores as against Rs. 742 crores in FY21.  
 For Q4 FY22 our pre-provisioning operating profit stood at Rs. 76 crores as compared to 110 
crores in Q4 FY21.  
 PAT for FY 22 stood at Rs. 21 crores against a loss of 14 crores in FY21. 
 We have made provisions of 345 crores on account of the COVID-19 pandemic and other 
external factors.  
 Our Cost to Income ratio stood at 67.6% while our Opex to AUM stood at 6.4% for FY22.  
o 
We hope to reduce our Cost to Income ratio as well as Opex to GLP in the 
coming quarters.  
 Coming to our collection efficiency, our collection efficiency trends excluding Assam are as 
follows:  
o 
Q1 FY22: 84%,  
o 
Q2: 90%,  
o 
Q3: 97% and  
o 
Q4 100%.  
 We are seeing an improvement in repayment and collection month-on-month. Collection 
efficiency for the quarter stood at 100%. 
 We have a well-diversified customer base, a well-penetrated branch network across states and 
73% rural exposure.  
 Our on-book GNPA stands at 8% and provisions of 6.7%.  

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 Our restructured book stands for Rs. 925 crore which is approximately 18% of the AUM, out 
of which approximately 70% clients are paying regularly. 
 Our total operating costs has remained consistent since FY20 at about 400 crores. The elevated 
cost to income ratio is because we follow a calibrated approach of not chasing high growth 
during the pandemic. So, it is safe to assume that we shall achieve the planned growth with the 
same cost as the ratios will come down with increase in efficiency and productivity. 
 During the quarter ended March 31, 2022, the Company has sold certain NPA loan assets 
amounting rupees to Rs. 53.14 crores to an Asset Reconstruction Company (ARC) at the sale 
price of 53 crores, where in company is holding 85% of the Security Receipts under the Trust 
incorporated by the ARC. As per the provisions of Ind AS 109 the said sale is not meeting the 
criteria of derecognition and will continue to be shown as financial assets of the Company.  
 As of 31st March 2022, our total branch network count stood at 1,234 branches which is spread 
across 404 districts.  
 We have a total state and UT’s count of 23, which makes us a well-diversified PAN India 
microfinance player.  
 As of 31st March 2022 97.3% of our districts have less than 1% of portfolio exposure.  
 We have seen a significant reduction in our portfolio risk in terms of  
o 
Average exposure per district 0.25% FY22 versus 0.45% FY17.  
o 
Exposure to top 10 districts as a percentage of AUM: 14% in Q4 FY22 
versus 21% In FY17.  
o 
Exposure to top four states contribute 53.7% in Q4 FY22 from 77.3% in 
FY17. 
 Our well sought out diversification strategy has enabled us to sail through difficult situation 
and capitalize on our ideas of enriching our client lives through financing of various products. 
We were able to disburse nearly 83 crores during FY22 under the product finance category, 
which includes loans for bicycles solar products, home appliances, consumer durables, and 
water and sanitation. 
An update on subsidiaries: 
 Business Correspondent services under Taraashna Financial Services Limited has reached an 
AUM of Rs. 724 crores. As of 31st March 2022, Company operates through 158 branches and 
has more than 3.5 lakh active loan client.  
 Satin Finserv Limited our MSME has reached an AUM of 166 crores with three consecutive 
profitable years.  
 Satin Housing Finance Limited has now reached an AUM of 318 crores including DA of 26 
crores, having a presence across four states with 3,585 customers. 
o 
SHFL has a 100% retail book comprising 68% affordable housing loans and 
32% of LAP. 
o 
The Company has 15 active lenders including NHB refinance 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
o 
CRAR of 60.19% and gearing of 2.1x, total equity stand at Rs. 101 crores.  
o 
The Company has Nil GNPA after more than four years of operation, 
including the pandemic.  
o 
SHFL has two consecutive profitable years in the challenging business 
environment.  
 At their respective meetings, the Boards of Directors of the Company's two wholly-owned 
subsidiaries, Taraashna Financial Services Limited and Satin Finserv Limited, considered 
and approved a draft Scheme of Arrangement for Amalgamation of Taraashna Financial 
Services Limited ("Transferor Company") with Satin Finserv Limited ("Transferee 
Company") and their respective shareholders and creditors (the "Scheme") under Sections 
230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 The Company has filed the first joint motion application before the Hon’ble NCLT Bench 
Chandigarh in Jan’22. The said first motion application is reserved and allowed by the said 
Hon’ble NCLT on hearing dated April 06, 2022. 
 
Before we begin taking questions and answer, I would want to emphasize that as a responsible 
Company we are always working to enhance the lives of our stakeholders by encouraging 
financial inclusion. We are guided by our long-standing commitment to help the underprivileged 
in society. We are well-positioned to achieve growth and recoup lost ground in the next quarters 
propelled by our sincerity, compassion and long-term mission of delivering assistance where it 
is more needed. With this, I would like to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first 
question is from the line of Rajeev Mehta from Yes Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rajeev Mehta: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand the performance a little better. So, in terms of you know, PAR 
disclosure, if you can tell me what was the PAR30, PAR90 bucket as of March and how that 
bucket has moved between December and March. 
HP Singh:  
PAR, let me look at the numbers I think Jugal you can share. 
Jugal Kataria : 
PAR30 was around 10%, end of December, which has improved to about 9% now. 
Rajeev Mehta : 
Okay, 9% Okay, of which 8% is a PAR90 right? 
Jugal Kataria : 
Yes. 
Rajeev Mehta: 
And this PAR 90 being 8%? Could you give us a split because we used to report non-paying 
clients, non-paying customers till last quarter, which was about 3 odd percent as of December. 
So, of this PAR90 8%, how much is non-paying? 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
HP Singh:  
The non-paying technically would be around the same range as such, because what we have 
really looked at is that in terms of a restructured book about 70% are regular and about 30% are 
irregular. Now irregular would also probably have somebody who would be non-paying, but 
non-paying remains in the same range of the total AUM of about 2 to 3%, is that what remains 
within range bound in assets. 
Rajeev Mehta:: 
Okay and sir there is restructuring. I mean, it is a large number of 18%. So, if you can, so where 
is this 18% lying between one is that we have a PAR90 portfolio of say, PAR30 of 9%. So, this 
restructuring will have a significant overlap with this number right or restructuring is below 
PAR30. 
HP Singh:  
That's what I said, when I said 70% are paying regular they probably does not come into the 
PAR bucket as such. 
Rajeev Mehta: 
Okay. Yes, yes. Understood and also the fact that we did not choose to make an incremental 
provision in the quarter right and we would also have some write off, right. So, how are we 
looking at adequacy of current provisions that we are holding, and then how would incremental 
provisions play out or credit cost play out in the next few quarters, given our current, PAR mix. 
HP Singh:  
I think Rajeev it has to be look in totality of the disbursement we do along with the AUM so our 
sense is the P&L does not get affected further on now from here I think the provisioning and I 
think, is still adequate enough for us, barring the write offs, and all which will come in the due 
course of time someday the balance sheet, this thing will cross over there, but if I give you an 
overall picture, the bigger pain is probably now behind us for us to concentrate more on growth, 
rather than continuously for the last two years, concentrating and talking about portfolio quality 
and the thing, these numbers, probably, I think, my sense is are behind us so it's only a question 
of time before the disbursement and the growth kicks in the moment that start kicking in and 
which has happened positively in the last quarter, as such I think all these numbers will become 
technically far more irrelevant as what they were relevant in the last two years, you know. 
Rajeev Mehta: 
Okay, sir you have given us some sense about how are you looking at growth, which is about 20 
odd percent in MFI and much faster in other products. From a credit cost perspective, would you 
want to kind of anchor our expectation for FY23 to a certain number or a certain range? 
HP Singh:  
I would not like to bet on a number to be very honest with constraints of being listed entities and 
all you know, but I can probably give you that the GNPA numbers will be significantly lower 
than what they are right now so, FY23 would probably be that what we should really look at. 
Rajeev Mehta: 
Got it sir and for the cost and you also spoke about cost to income improving so I would assume 
that we have got all the capacity already built for growth, right? So, do you think that a 20% 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
growth for the next two years will not require much of an incremental investment and that is 
why the numbers will swing on the cost matrix? 
HP Singh:  
Absolutely, absolutely. So, Rajeev bang on what you said is absolutely right and so that's what 
we have also stated that with the infrastructure already there, but the infrastructure was maybe 
inclined more towards collections rather than disbursing and which we rightfully wanted to do 
also. Now, for us, since everything is behind us the cost remains the same practically, but the 
income levels and the asset quality starts improving. So, the cost to income will definitely have 
a positive impact. And then the regulations also now kicking in with the RBI circular, I think the 
yield is also probably pop up you know, because of risk based pricing now, being enforced. 
Rajeev Mehta: 
Got it and we would have raised our yield by lending rates by. 
HP Singh: 
About 1-1.5%. 
Aditi Singh: 
So, Rajeev what we have done is, we have now come to a range of yield/ the lending rates. So, 
where in the lower rate of lending is also reduced by 25 bps and then we have we can go up to 
25%. So, that is what the range we have. So, net-net, we will have a 100 to 150 bps of increase 
in our overall yield.  
Rajeev Mehta: 
Just one last thing, if you can share credit cost trajectory for housing finance subsidiary in the 
last two to three years, how the credit cost has moved, I understand the NPA is nil, but could 
you also share how the credit cost is moving there. 
Jugal Kataria:  
We have made broadly a little less than 1% provision on the entire book and it is now almost 
three full year of operations and with nil GNPA. So, it's a very granular retail book and we are 
focusing totally on quality. So, 1% still is provided in the books. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Ramakrishnan from DSP Mutual Fund, 
please go ahead. 
Vivek Ramakrishnan: 
I had two questions. One is a follow up to the previous questions. You had mentioned GNPA of 
8% and then 3% of the customers are non-paying and so and you are also projecting that the 
GNPA will come down. Of course, one would be the denominator effect, but on the numerator 
itself, would you expect that the balance 5% would be in a position to pay going forward or this 
is still very-very high amongst the customer base is question number one. The question number 
two is in terms of the sale to the ARC, given the fact that they are retail loans, would you still 
be you know, with the collection efforts still be done by you, because the ARC’s might not have 
the ability to reach out to those customers and collect the money. That’s all. 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
HP Singh:  
So, Vivek what, I will answer the second question first so for us, the pandemic, as well as, maybe 
before the pandemic we had taken a very conscious call to have a separate collection team, which 
actually focuses on larger DPDs as you know, and we have got a very strong force, which 
actually goes and collects from the delinquent customers and delinquent which I mean to say is 
anything which is, which is a GNPA for us, or an NPA from us, and we have had good results, 
in the past also and in the current phase, also, which probably leads us to believe that we will be 
able to still be able to manage to get a large number of these borrowers back into the fold and 
get our collection efficiency back and this probably also gives you a particular answer to the first 
question also. We are trying our level best, we are not somebody that once we write off, in fact, 
we’ve gone down to about 600 days DPD also to get money from those clients so our efforts 
will keep on continuing, at least for the next three to four years, even with all these GNPAs being 
there in process and that is what the basic resilience in our whole system is that. A complete 
force which really looks after the collection, and we don’t leave it even till the time it is five 
years past due so for us that will give us probably an answer to the non-paying and the paying 
clients. Our feet force is specifically targeting these non-paying customers, as well as those 
partial paying customers, even those who have moved into NPA, and we hope to get very 
positive results for this in the near future. I cannot give you a timeline, that is a slow process of 
bringing these customers back and collection the efficiencies in these buckets back into the fold 
as such. 
Vivek Ramakrishnan: 
I just in terms of the economic health of the customers itself, we see an improvement that their 
cash flows and, and their core business and so on, because they have all gone through tremendous 
distress. 
HP Singh:  
So, whatever what had happened was the first year of the pandemic I think the second year 
probably is the bounced back in terms of the economic activity, even in the rural areas. So, 
technically, the income levels are back to normal. The only thing is how we are able to really 
comprehend and get the money the collection back into our system, and it is a slow process and 
once you have had overdue installment of about, let's say, 15 or 20, you can’t expect the borrower 
at that level of the society to probably give you those 15 to 20 in one go, it will happen slowly 
and steadily. That is the only pain which will get elongated a little bit you know, which will keep 
on bothering us for some more time, that will be taken care of in the next couple of quarters for 
sure. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siva, a retail investor please go ahead. 
Siva: 
One question regarding the sale of 13,000 account to Asset Reconstruction Company. For how 
much it was then. We have sale of 13,000 accounts to that Asset Reconstruction Company. So, 
Rs. 53,000 crores have disposed to the Asset Reconstruction Company for how much it has sale 
up. 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
Jugal Kataria:  
So, there is some interest which has to come in future also now, the regulation has changed. So, 
we have sold it for Rs. 53 crore. We have received upfront around Rs. 8 odd crore and the balance 
based on the portfolio performance we will get over a period of time, but we have not 
derecognized those portfolio out of our book. 
Siva: 
Okay and another question from my side is that what are initiatives taken from our side to 
encourage our employees and our customers for cashless UPI payments. 
HP Singh:  
Siva we have all the tools which are there. We have website payment, we have a QR code on 
our loan card, we have UPI, we have a customer service app where you can actually make a 
payment from there. So, we have all the tools which are there to make a cashless collection. 
Siva 
Yes, I should appreciate you but you we were the first one to initiate that UPI. Congratulations 
with HDFC Bank, but to insulate our customers so that our cashless get improved by quarter on 
quarter. Any initiative taken from our side. 
HP Singh:  
So, yes, so we have got a separate team, which is working on the customer behavior. So it is 
very difficult for the rural customer to actually get into cashless collection mode because the 
banks are far away for them to deposit money in the bank and then you know, for us to do 
cashless collection through that is which is a bit challenging, but we have a separate team at the 
head office as well as the regional offices, which is working solely on improving the collection 
the cashless collection. So, our sense is that it is at 6% we will keep on increasing slightly bit by 
bit in the near future. But it is a change of the customer behavior, which will take some amount 
of time which is going to be there. 
Siva: 
Okay and the last question. Last quarter we have a write off Rs. 10 crores and this quarter we 
have a write off of Rs. 7 crores. What is the situation there in Taraashna Financial Services, is it 
over. 
HP Singh:  
It is second to what Satin is going through. I think it is the majority the pain is over now and we 
do not have any more pain which is left even in Taraashna Financial Services. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ronak Singhvi a retail investor, please go 
ahead. 
Ronak Singhvi:  
Good morning, Mr. Singh and entire team. Congratulations on a fantastic, for the turnaround 
this quarter. So, I had a couple of questions primarily around the strategic initiatives, which I 
guess you guys have taken specifically around this investment was made in a Fintech Company 
called Jay Kay Financials  -Rupyo. So, how is it aligned to Satin future strategies will be helpful 
to understand that and second question is around the subsidiaries, the housing finance or MSME 
lending business, how we are looking to monetize it, because I see this reference that it is not 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
getting valued in the market, but how do you intend to sort of get the valuation? Are you looking 
at raising funds in the subsidiary level or we will continue to sort of infuse capital from the 
holding Company? 
HP Singh:  
So, Ronak, let me answer the second question first, because for us, I think, the holding Company 
right now is looking at infusing capital in these companies only because, one, they are well 
capitalized right now and we feel that probably, I think, why I can say point blank, and I think 
it's not been well monetized, not by us, but by the entire investor community who has not been 
able to really see the value which we have been able to bring aboard even during the hard days 
of pandemic as well as the demonetization when we actually started these new subsidiaries. Our 
all census once they reach a critical mass, which probably they are reaching faster than anything 
and because housing is about Rs. 312 crores with the percentages of growth, which we are 
looking at that as well as the MSME Company, which is finally going to be merged with our BC 
company, which is going to be at least in the range of about Rs. 724, crores and 166, you can 
add up together. So, the balance sheet becomes fairly large enough for both the subsidiaries to 
be really looked at. Our own senses, we are just waiting for a critical time, where we will actually 
be able to realize fully the potential value of these two subsidiaries, I think that is when we will 
really look at monetizing that. But now it is ultimately for everybody else to probably give it up 
because we have been giving this commentary for a long period of time for people to really 
understand the value of these two subsidiaries. Now moving on to the first question, Fintech for 
us is probably a play which we are more interested in terms of looking at digitizing our 
operations both front end as well as back end for the operations as such for the parent companies, 
a parent Company as well as the subsidiaries and that is what we are more at. So, today for us 
and acquisition of a customer is completely digitized work in process for the backend completely 
from our cash book and branches to various other forms of the HR software, the expense 
management software and various other software which are working in the Company. It is 
completely a digital operation. Our last piece, which is probably going to take us some more 
time, in terms of actually delivering the Fintech value to the outside world from our side is the 
cashless collection part, so the acquisition is getting completely digitized and it is about 70-80% 
digitize the back end operations are 70-80% digitize, it is only the cashless collection, which is 
the third form of our intervention as an organization, which has to probably go through that 
process of getting completely cashless and at the moment that is done, I think we will be the 
Fintech player by ourselves to be looked at a complete digitization process, where the added 
advantage which a normal Fintech player does not have his feet on street, so we have that added 
advantage also attached with us, along with Fintech business, this acquisition or this investment 
in Rupyo was just to see our product basically which is advance against salaries just wanted to 
invest a minor investment across there and we actually fund them in terms of giving out loans 
to customers for the salary part also. So, that is just a business play. Nothing in terms of how we 
look at it because we look at our own Company to probably see how Fintech really works out. 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
May 5, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Ronak Singhvi:  
So, have we of disbursed any loan through Rupyo? 
HP Singh:  
Yes a couple of loans, a few loans in a year. 
Ronak Singhvi: 
Okay, so we plan to scale it some more from a business perspective. 
HP Singh:  
Yes. from the business point. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
Ms. Aditi Singh, Head Strategy for closing comments. 
Aditi Singh  
Yes, hi, good morning, everyone and I thank everyone for joining this call this morning and 
thank you for your words of encouragement. I hope we have been able to address all your 
queries. So, for any further information you can get in touch with me. My name is Aditi Singh, 
I Head Strategy for Satin Creditcare or you can also reach out to Ms. Shweta Bansal DGM-IR 
working in my team. Thank you all, stay healthy. Stay safe. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Satin Credit Care Network limited, that concludes 
this conference call. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you. 
