 
 
 
 
Regd. Office : Marathon Futurex, A Wing, 25th Floor, 
Mafatlal Mills Compound, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (E), Mumbai - 400 013. 
Phone: 91-22-2302 3333 • Fax: 91-22-2300 2036 • CIN:  L67120MH1997PLC112443 
Website: www.cdslindia.com 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
CDSL/CS/NSE/PSB/2022/81 
 
 
 
 
         May 06, 2022 
 
The Manager,  
Listing Compliance Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051  
 
Symbol: CDSL 
ISIN: INE736A01011 
 
Dear Madam/ Sir, 
 
Sub:  Analyst /Investor Call /Conference Call held on May 02, 2022 
 
Re:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.  
 
 
With reference to our intimation dated April 28, 2022 for scheduling of conference call on 
May 02, 2022, please find attached the transcript of the aforesaid conference call.  
 
The above information is also available on the website of the company: www.cdslindia.com 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
For Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Nilay Shah 
Group Company Secretary & Head Legal 
Enclosures: As above 
Digitally signed by NILAY RAJENDRA SHAH
DN: C=IN, PostalCode=401101, S=MAHARASHTRA, O=Personal,
SERIALNUMBER=82898ddf9fc35a0d543ab9a9a4072aac869230b
c46046ab686266e3fc517c444, 
Phone=bf7f09ffaf50ac3103d78fb10485e98cbbb3c2526d8a9c4519
649e58412ee3cd, E=NILAYS@CDSLINDIA.COM, CN=NILAY 
RAJENDRA SHAH, L=THANE, 
OID.2.5.4.65=f0b41ea064c94216b654f83e60b309fc
Reason: I am the author of this document
Location: your signing location here
Date: 2022.05.06 17:57:33+05'30'
Foxit PDF Editor Version: 11.2.1
NILAY 
RAJENDRA 
SHAH

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“CDSL India Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 02, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST:  
MR. ANSHUMAN SINGH - AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT:  MR. NEHAL VORA – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER - CDSL  
MR. GIRISH AMESARA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER- 
CDSL  
MR. SUNIL ALVARES – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER - CDSL VENTURES LIMITED 
MR. RAMKUMAR - CHIEF OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, 
OPERATIONS & NEW PROJECTS- CDSL  
MR. AMIT MAHAJAN - CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER - 
CDSL  
MRS. NAYANA OVALEKAR - CHIEF REGULATORY 
OFFICER - CDSL  
MR. VINAY MADAN - CHIEF RISK OFFICER - CDSL  
MR. NILESH KITTUR – ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT - 
CDSL  

 
 
CDSL  
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Q4 FY2022 earnings conference call of 
Central Depository Service (India) Limited (CDSL). This call is hosted by Axis Capital 
Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*”then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. Please note that 
CDSL does not provide specific revenue or earnings guidance. Anything set on this call which 
reflects CDSL’s outlook for the future or which could be constructed as forward-looking 
statement must be viewed in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Anshuman Singh from Axis Capital. Thank you and over to you 
Sir! 
Anshuman Singh: 
Thank you Margaret. Good morning everyone. On behalf of Axis Capital a very warm 
welcome to the Q4 FY2022 conference call of CDSL. We have the management team of 
CDSL represented by Mr. Nehal Vora, MD and CEO, Mr. Girish Amesara, CFO, Mr. Sunil 
Alvares, MD and CEO, CDSL Ventures Limited, Mr. Ramkumar, Chief of Business 
Development, Operations and New Projects, Mr. Amit Mahajan, Chief Technology Officer, 
Mrs. Nayana Ovalekar, Chief Regulatory Officer, Mr. Vinay Madan, Chief Risk Officer, and 
Mr. Nilesh Kittur, AVP. Without further ado I would like to hand over the call to the 
management for their opening remarks post which we will open the floor for Q&A. Nehal Sir 
over to you! 
Nehal Vora: 
Thank you Anshuman. A very good morning and welcome everyone. I hope each one of you 
and your loved ones are safe and healthy. Thank you for joining us today to discuss CDSL’s 
financial results for the fourth quarter and the full year financial year that has ended on March 
31, 2022. As in the previous quarters we have posted a detail presentation on our website for 
your reference. I am joined by the CDSL Group’s Leadership team. Our company has 
continued progress on its strategy, there is the acceleration of core operating income and 
providing ease of doing business to all market participants. As a result, we saw a year-on-
year growth momentum continuing in Q4 with an improved earning’s quality as compared to 
Q4 of the previous financial year. For FY2021-2022 we delivered a strong growth of 65% on 
the standalone profits which stood at Rs.264 Crores. We are happy to report that following 
these results our Board of directors have approved a final dividend of Rs.15/- per equity share 
for FY2022 subject to the approval of the shareholders which is the highest ever in the history 
of the company. 
 
During the year in February 2022 we crossed a milestone of Rs.6 Crores demat accounts as 
on March 31, 2022, the total number of demat accounts in India stood at Rs.8.97 Crores out 
of which CDSL accounts for about 70%, furthermore the number of active companies with 

 
 
CDSL  
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 16 
CDSL as on March 31, 2022 stood at about Rs.18268 Crores which is an 11% annual increase 
from the number of active companies as on March 31, 2021. The value of securities in demat 
custody with CDSL as on March 31, 2022, stood at about Rs.37 Lakh Crores which is an 
increase of about 35% from the value held as on March 31, 2021. 
 
All these numbers and statistics are an encouraging testimony of the success of our efforts of 
making technology simple and trustworthy for all market participants. In summation and as 
mentioned in our earlier interaction, our aim remains to provide services that empower and 
protect every investor making him truly self sufficient. I am proud of the consistency that 
CDSL has been able to deliver its transformation journey. With the inclusion of eDIS or the 
electronic delivery instruction slip, margin pledge system and other regulatory changes over 
the past year. The entire financial system of Indian securities market has grown to be 
convenient, dependable and secure. Moreover, to make informed decisions, to be aware of 
your rights and to be safe while being part of the Indian securities market the CDSL investor 
protection fund in association with SEBI and other market infrastructure institutions and DPs 
have conducted 178 investor awareness programs during FY2022. Finally, I would like to 
take the opportunity to thank all our stakeholders, regulators, depository participants, 
investors, issuers and other market participants and employees for their constant faith in us. 
Now may I request our CFO, Shri. Girish Amesara to take you through our financial 
performance. Over to you Girish! 
Girish Amesara: 
Good morning to everyone. On a Y-o-Y performance the consolidated total income for the 
quarter ended March 31, 2022 has increased by Rs.38 Crores which is 34% increase over 
previous quarter to an amount of Rs.148 Crores compared to Rs.110 Crores for the same 
quarter previous year. The net profit on a consolidated basis for the quarter ended March 31, 
2022 has increased by Rs.26 Crores which is 51% increase to an amount of Rs.78 Crores as 
against Rs.51 Crores for the previous year same quarter. The total income on a standalone 
basis for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 has increased by Rs.24 Crores which is 28% 
increase to an amount of Rs.119 Crores as against Rs.85 Crores achieved during same quarter 
previous year. The net profit on a standalone basis for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 has 
increased by Rs.17 Crores which is 39% increase to an amount of Rs.58 Crores as against 
Rs.42 Crores for the previous quarter same year. Now I request Shri. Sunil Alvares to give 
you an update about the operation of our wholly owned subsidiary CDSL Ventures Limited. 
Thank you. Over to you Sunil! 
Sunil Alvares: 
Thanks Girish. Good morning everyone. On the CDSL Ventures side the company continued 
to do well on the KRA creation. We added Rs.1.5 Crores new accounts which was a growth 
of 127% over the previous year where we have added65 Lakhs in the previous year. On the 
fetch side we added around 3 Crores 38 lakh records as such as compared to 1.5 Crores last 

 
 
CDSL  
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 16 
year which was a growth of 125%. On eKYC front we processed 32 lakh records as compared 
to 13 lakh records which was a growth of around 143%. On the RTA front we added 175 
companies taking the total number of RTA companies to 840 as compared to 665 in the 
previous year. On the GST front we processed 2.33 Crores records as compared to 2.6 Crores 
in the previous year, which was drop of 27 lakh records, a drop of 11%. Basis this the total 
KRA records in CVL as of March 31, 2022 is 4.3 Crores and the operational income  for 
CDSL Ventures Limited for the period FY2022 was Rs.134.93 Crores as compared to Rs.71.9 
Crores for FY2021, which was a growth of 88%. The total expenses increased by Rs.18.24 
Crores from Rs.32.65 Crores in FY2021 to Rs.50.90 Crores in FY2022, which was an 
increase of 56%. The profit before tax has increased by 89% from Rs.51 Crores in FY2021 
to Rs.96.32 Crores in FY2022. Total profit after tax for CVL for FY2022 was Rs.73.09 Crores 
as compared to Rs.39.28 Crores in FY2021 which was a growth of Rs.33.82 Crores for a 
growth of 86%. With this now I open the floor to the questions of the participants. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived Portfolio Managers. Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Congrats to the team on the good performance. Couple of 
questions from my end. If I look at the annual employee cost of Rs.50 Crores does it include 
variable or salary increase or will it get reflected in FY2023 that is my first question, the 
second question is other income has declined 4% for the year, so if you can quantify the mark-
to-market impact on fair value due to our investments and lastly of the 4.3 crore KYC records 
we have seen a huge jump Sunil did mention in his opening remarks about fetch and KYC so 
that is a huge jump from Rs.2.84 Crores records last year so if you could give some color on 
market share gain in terms of SIPs, new folios and is it more fetches, so if you could some 
qualitative flavor that would be helpful? 
Girish Amesara: 
On the employee cost on an average we have given an increment of 9.5% and roughly the 
cost of increment, promotion and employees who have joined during the year and those who 
have left is around Rs.6.5 Crores and in previous year in financial year ended March 2021 we 
had a reversal of expenditure pertaining to variable pay of 2019-2020 amounting to an amount 
of roughly Rs.2.5 Crores. So if that expenditure was not there our increase would have been 
only Rs.6.5 Crores and provision with respect to actual evaluation, so this explains the 
increase in the employee cost and in terms of mark-to-market gain, whatever decrease that 
you see it is pertaining to mark-to-market valuation. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
If you have that figure ready in terms of what is the absolute number if that is readily available 
due to rise in interest rates? 

 
 
CDSL  
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 16 
Girish Amesara: 
If you compare last year’s treasury income and this year treasury income from our 
presentation you will notice the difference and the difference is only on account of mark-to-
market. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
So it is fair to say we will have the employee cost increase starting Q1 onwards in this 
financial year? 
Girish Amesara: 
The normal increment promotion that we may give would be there and as I explained during 
2021 there was a reversal because of that, that year expenditure is showing less. 
Sunil Alvares: 
On the market share for the KRAs currently the figures of none of the KRAs are published in 
the public domain so we really would not know exactly what is the market share and the 
second question is what amount of accounts attributed to mutual funds, etc., again that would 
not be known because the fetches happen both by AMC as well as by brokers who open 
broking cum demat accounts and also these demat accounts take credit of mutual funds so it 
is very difficult to give you any breakup on that. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Sunil you did mention fetch side there were 33.8 million records what was that KYC record 
number if you could just repeat that? 
Sunil Alvares: 
On the fetch side we had 3.38 Crores fetches. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Right and that you said was 125% increase on a year-on-year basis? 
Prakash Kapadia: 
On the KYC side also there was a number which you mentioned in the opening remarks? 
Sunil Alvares: 
On the creation side yes that was Rs.1.5 Crores as against Rs.65 lakh for the previous year. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Fine I have some more questions, I will join back the queue and congrats to Nehal for the 
best CEO award. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Elara Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. I have a few questions. First is continuing 
on the earlier participant’s question on employee cost so I just wanted to clarify my 
understanding so this year net-net we see on a running basis Rs.6.5 Crores increase in 
employee cost for FY2023 and this probably does not take into account the change in bonus 
so FY2022 bonus will come into FY2023 so the difference is variable pay between FY2022 
and FY2023 will also impact employee cost in FY2023 so what would be that amount because 

 
 
CDSL  
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 16 
that would be sort of the approximation for next year’s employee cost, will I be right on it so 
Girish if you could answer on that? 
Girish Amesara: 
Just to clarify what I had said that on an average increment, promotion and employees those 
who have joined during the year and left the net cost increase to that was around Rs.6.5 
Crores, now this amount also included the variable portion which has been provided in this 
financial year and what I had told was that in previous year in March 2021 there was a reversal 
of variable pay of around Rs.2.50 Crores that has reduced the expenditure of the previous 
year that is the reason this increase is showing at 22%. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Got it. The other thing I notice that last couple of months if you see our share in incremental 
demat accounts have come off a little bit so any color on what is happening in the market? 
Nehal Vora: 
These are all market dynamics I do not think it has come off it is ranging, it ranges in that 
particular range and I think is in sync with that so I do not know how you made that comment 
that it has come off. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
In the sense that if I look at incremental demat accounts for March 2022 and 2023 so we were 
like in the 85% to sort of 90% range in most of last year, but in February and March we see 
that sort of drop off to below 80% so is there something incremental to read on or is it just 
sort of? 
Nehal Vora: 
These are all market dynamics I do not think we are able to put any specific reason and I have 
said this earlier in many investor calls the focus of the management team more than the 
numbers is to provide a seamless platform, we are a financial infrastructure company so to 
ensure that it is seamless and creates a value add and then leave it to the market to gauge 
which is a better value proposition, so our intent is not to worry too much about numbers 
going up or down the important thing is to ensure a seamless financial platform. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
So the other question I had was on the cost slide which you have included so there is a 
regulatory cost line item and so is this just the contribution to the investor protection and 
education fund or is there anything more in this as well? 
Girish Amesara: 
So regulatory cost consists of amount that is required to be paid to investor protection fund, 
fees that we are supposed to pay to SEBI and incentives that we are supposed to pay to DPs 
based on SEBI circular. These are the three main components out of which IPF is the largest 
contributor. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
I understand on the KYC side when we do Aadhaar based KYC versus the SEBI way of doing 
KYC which the four agencies are the KRAs for there is a difference in economics so can you 

 
 
CDSL  
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 16 
explain what the difference is, so I believe we get about Rs.30 to Rs.35 per fetch in the KRA 
versus the Aadhaar based KYC those amounts are different so can you just explain the 
economics a little better? 
Sunil Alvares: 
In which way you have to do a KYC through the KRA okay and for creation we charge Rs.20 
and for fetch it is Rs.35. Aadhaar based KYC is one of the ways of adding to the KRA KYC 
so the KYC form asks for a lot of information. The information which is fetched from 
Aadhaar apart from that there are other information also which is added and then the record 
is pushed into the KRA. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Thanvi from Banyan Tree Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations Nehal for the award that you won you 
certainly deserved it. My question was from a longer term perspective like when we look at 
CDSL and the depository as a business of the whole last two to three years have been 
phenomenal with the retail participation going very high and the same was true for all the 
market, but if you see what has happened recently is that the retail participation is coming off 
in global markets especially with the way markets  have been behaving in the last six months, 
this is certainly a moderation, now if the similar trend happened in India with retail 
participation moderating or coming down then certainly it will have a short term impact on 
depository business because of the cyclicality, I wanted to understand how do we look at it 
from three to five years perspective in terms of cycles and secondly what are the other 
businesses that we kind of feel could somehow negate any adverse elongated slowdown in 
the retail participation over the next two to three years that is my first question? 
Nehal Vora: 
I think basically the market participation is something which is going to have an impact on 
the entire market infrastructure institution space, stock exchanges, depositories and clearing 
corporations. If you see our revenue streams are basically two-fold one is the issuer income 
and second is the market participants, the DPs transfers, which they pay to us as fees, so one 
is kind of really an annuity which ensures that the company has a steady flow of revenue and 
second is kind of a market driven income. The way I see it is and this is strictly my personal 
view because as CDSL will not be able to give a view on the future but since you asked me 
on the trend the way I see it is that today about only 7% to 8% of the population is 
participating in the securities market. As we move forward technology is going to play a huge 
role in connecting the dots and giving access to a lot of investors in the remote part of India 
and to the other cities which they have not been to able to do because it is the ease of doing 
business and therefore as the participation grows you are going to have more and more people. 
Also, India is a younger population so lot of them are going to come into the income range 

 
 
CDSL  
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 16 
where saving is going to become more market driven. Now the government guarantee 
schemes are becoming far and few so for their own savings they have to come back to market 
driven products and that is going to obviously increase the participation in the securities 
market or expected to increase the participation in the securities market. The second part is 
that as the startup culture in India is growing, more and more companies will need to access 
the securities markets to raise their share capital and that is going to come out with newer 
IPOs. We are going to have the LIC IPO coming in the next one or two days and there are 
others which are expected in the pipeline, so more and more companies are going to come 
into the securities market pool and that will have an impact on the overall secondary market 
also in terms of the volumes and the third is there are new products which are coming in, for 
example gold and other precious metals, so these are all the newer assets which are going to 
come in with now the commodities markets both the derivatives market and the spot markets 
being regulated by a single regulator and that is the securities regulator also so there is going 
to be the transformation of using the reforms of securities market into the commodity space 
also. So these are some of the newer assets which will come in and then there could be an 
interplay which is happening. Also, the mutual funds are coming out with newer types of 
schemes and products, so that is also expected to probably increase over a period of time the 
participation in the securities market. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure and when we see new products you mean like gold and precious metals like the 
commodities also coming under the demat fold the way they are for the securities and with 
mutual funds coming with multi asset kind of scheme the liquidity in those products also? 
Nehal Vora: 
Yes. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Good morning, everyone. Congratulations on a great set of numbers and congratulations 
Nehal for the best CEO award. Two questions from my side. Firstly, could you throw some 
light on the transaction charges my understanding is they must be revised of course so what 
is the status on that? Secondly on the technology cost that seemed to be growing linearly and 
they have been rising consistently is there a variable element there and how should we see 
this going ahead and lastly from a more business perspective do you see any impact of any 
opportunity coming in from the account aggregator framework to benefit CDSL in any form 
those are my three questions? Thanks. 

 
 
CDSL  
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Nehal Vora: 
So your first question is about the revision in the transaction charges that is something which 
has to be jointly done by the depositories and subject to SEBI approval. We have had COVID 
years, so obviously there has been a general push back in any increase in charges overall, so 
we will see an opportune time and see what the sense is of with the regulator in terms of 
whether this should be increased or not and then we will take a call on that. The technology 
cost so I think we are finally applied technology company and technology and human 
resource are going to be the two principle costs for this company going forward, so we need 
a specialized human power as well as specialized technology and technology is going to be 
the key driver, though it has been increasing linearly over the last two or three years the 
revenue has kind of not increased on a linear scale it is kind of in an exponential scale and 
that is one of the key drivers that it allows a lot of people to participate into the entire fold, 
entire depository system and the securities ecosystem bringing in a lot of trust into the entire 
way of doing things, so a person from the remotest corner of India receives his securities and 
money on a T+2 basis, on a consistent basis which is a huge kind of a fillip in building the 
trust so I think we need to kind of continuously invest in our technology because the scale is 
growing as I said earlier we are only about 7% of the population and the important thing is 
that our technology is being built in a manner so that it is physically scalable, so if the volumes 
grow we are easily able to increase the infra in it and the security angle also is a very important 
part so these are some of the important components of our business which needs to be 
continuously invested and your third question on the account aggregator it will have to be 
seen there has just been an announcement we will have to see the exact details, but yes there 
is going to be an overall interplay happening between the various asset classes so it is 
expected to kind of have a more participation of those people in the country who have not 
been traditionally in the securities markets base but in the other markets like the insurance or 
the banking, etc., and that kind of an interplay may lead to could lead to some increased 
participation also. 
Prayesh Jain: 
My question was more on the last part my question was more on will CDSL be a financial 
information provider in any form? 
Nehal Vora: 
That is what I am saying that it is too early to say anything because we want to see what the 
details are and then kind of assess and what shape and form it will come out finally then we 
will kind of assess, but our intent is to ensure that we provide a seamless platform, and our 
intent will be to continue providing that platform whichever form. 
Question: 
Thank you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Paresh Sangani from Club Millionaire. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
CDSL  
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Paresh Sangani: 
Hi Nehal congratulations on the CEO award to you and your entire team you guys deserve it. 
Now I have three questions on my mind. First and foremost is we find the details of the 
electronic insurance policy as well as the warehouse entries are missing in the presentation 
this time so requested that could also be provided on a quarterly basis and I also wanted a 
colour on that in terms of how is that business progressing and what are the key variables for 
the insurance policies and the warehouse if you kind of take traction that will be the first 
question? 
Nehal Vora: 
You can just give me all the three questions so I kind of answer? 
Paresh Sangani: 
Great the second one is in terms of we have been speaking up a couple of years about having 
all the financial assets in one place through the demat account so any other product category 
that will be part of the demat account for example postal deposits or any government bonds 
for that matter any discussions on that area because it has been a promise that we have been 
having for quite some time and the third one would be how is the traction on the digital e-
signatures it has been nearly three or four months that we would have ruled out what is the 
kind of monthly run rate are we getting that, how is that shaping out as well? Thank you. 
Nehal Vora: 
On the insurance policy I think it is a product of the future and any reform in the market 
requires that kind of buy in by the requisite people who are participating so insurance 
traditionally has been a paper based kind of product and now it is slowly moving from paper 
based to e-product; however, it is not made compulsory, it is made optional, so I think one 
there is a critical mass which moves then probably the policy makers and regulators would 
think of kind of making it only the e-way of doing things rather than paper based way of 
doing things so we will see that as we go forward. 
Paresh Sangani: 
No, the numbers have not been put out in the presentation for some reason. 
Nehal Vora: 
I will just check with my finance team as to what we can permit it etc., and based on that but 
these are products of the future both the commodities repository as well as the insurance 
repository. The numbers may not look too big at this stage but our intent is to kind of 
continuously stay invested in the products of the future and there is a kind of integration 
happening between the security space and the commodity space and the insurance space so I 
think now with really Aadhaar and pan linkage happening that becomes a common field 
across all these asset classes and that becomes an important component to kind of link up 
various financial products. This is kind of even answering your question on the other one 
where all financial products so from a technology standpoint we are equipped to kind of add 
all the financial products, the banking, insurance, pension, etc. Very recently we have worked 
with pension regulators and a part of our consolidated account statement now the pension as 

 
 
CDSL  
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 16 
well as securities  coming as a single statement and that is something which I think is being 
worked upon.  Policy makers are actively engaged in kind of taking this forward, but 
obviously the nuances of each product, the nuances of each market will have to be taken into 
consideration before the single platform can be taken forward. There is a broad policy 
movement because there are two finance ministers which have kind of announced in their 
finance bill speech that single demat is something which they would be kind of wanting to 
take forward so I think now kind of the building blocks are there with the pan Aadhaar linkage 
and see how that takes forward. The third question is on the CVL so I will ask Sunil to kind 
of take that question. 
Sunil Alvares: 
So as far as e-Sign is concerned we have just started the operation, so the figure is really in 
terms of run rate, etc., insignificant, so to give you a perspective is that though we got the 
approval a couple of quarters back, but we actually went live with Aadhaar based online 
eKYC a couple of months back so we have just started the operation and I think the figures 
are really insignificant because even if you see the income it is just 0.08 about 8 thousand 
rupees, which is very, very small I hope that answers your question. 
Paresh Sangani: 
Yes when you are looking at in terms of what is the run rate on a monthly basis in terms of 
numbers of clients signing up on number of transaction that you are kind of creating for e-
signature? 
Sunil Alvares: 
Now that is what I said. This has just started off, we are in the process of speaking to get them 
signed and there is also process at their end where they integrate their APIs into their software, 
test it and then start operations so it is not that I get approval and it starts immediately. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Franklin Moraes from Equentis Wealth 
Advisory. Please go ahead. 
Franklin Moraes: 
Yes, Sir thanking for taking my question. So just wanted to understand like if you see the last 
six months we have seen continuous increase in the number of accounts getting added but 
with respect to this particular quarter on a sequential basis for the transaction revenue we 
have seen a flattish kind of growth, the markets were a bit subdued but considering that new 
additions have happened, the expectation was that we would have seen at least some bit of an 
increase on a sequential basis so just wanted to understand why is there a flattish growth? 
Nehal Vora: 
So, I think it is a function of market and that transaction charges I will just check with Girish 
is both the IPO as well as secondary market. If you see the IPOs the third quarter had a bigger 
number of IPOs coming in that which kind of led to higher transaction charges and also the 
situations, circumstances both outside India especially basically the geopolitical 
circumstances has led to a muted participation and people are basically with  wait and watch 

 
 
CDSL  
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 16 
policy so while the market remains where it is, the participation is kind of easing up and that 
is I think a function of market that is kind of going to have more or less so. The intent and the 
focus are that have as many people join the securities market ecosystem and provide that 
seamless value addition so whenever they wish they will able to kind of participate seamlessly 
and secondly to have newer products so you have multiple points on which they would want 
to access and thereby increasing their participation. It is more of a long term play rather than 
quarter-on-quarter comparison is what our focus and intent has been. 
Franklin Moraes: 
For example, on a 12-month basis for the account that is coming on a 12 month basis what 
percentage would their contribution be in terms of the transaction charges? 
Nehal Vora: 
We do not give these numbers out and these are something which is again very difficult to 
accurately measure. 
Franklin Moraes: 
But Sir just to understand on a trend basis is that ratio kind of increasing as the number of 
accounts keeps getting added, is that percentage increasing? 
Nehal Vora: 
It is difficult to come to a conclusion is because of the accounts being added or because of 
the markets being bullish or because of more people wanting to participate in various other 
products like mutual funds which they may be having demat transactions or it is because of 
the pledge mechanism which has been put in place, so it is a combination of various factors. 
It is difficult to really come to a firm conclusion that it is because of A particular factor or B 
particular factor, it is like a culmination of various factors which leads to whether this increase 
has taken place. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ravin Kurwa from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Ravin Kurwa: 
Hi Sir thanks for taking my question. Sir I just wanted one number from your end. What will 
be the online data charges for Q4 FY2022 in the revenue front? 
Girish Amesara: 
Online data income is 119 Crores. 
Ravin Kurwa: 
Is it for Q4 FY2022, it is an annual number? 
Girish Amesara: 
Yes it is annual number, quarter is 31 Crores. 
Ravin Kurwa: 
Thank you. 

 
 
CDSL  
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pawan Kumar from RatnaTraya Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Pawan Kumar: 
Sir I was just checking the NSE cash volume data, in last quarter there has been a fall by 
around 15% on year-on-year basis but transaction charges has remained relatively stable so 
what am I missing in the sense is there something else I should be factoring in? 
Nehal Vora: 
That is what is reply to my earlier question and that kind of confirms my earlier reply also 
that it is a culmination of various factors. You have the IPOs, you have the pledge mechanism, 
it is not only one function which it is linked to, and it is also the delivery percentage more 
than the delivery percentage of the cash volumes which will drive the revenues and the 
deposit. 
Pawan Kumar: 
On the KYC side we have seen a substantial jump but what are the other applications that 
these KYCs are being fetched apart from our demat and let us say mutual funds kind of 
applications because I have seen the application happening in the pension fund phases what 
is the other kind of phases that happens? 
Sunil Alvares: 
No, typically this is for demat and broking account for which fetches happen and what you 
mentioned for pension it really does not happen from the KRA. 
Pawan Kumar: 
You mentioned for Q4 online data plus KYC charges the revenue was around 31 Crores is 
that right? 
Girish Amesara: 
Yes 31 Crores. 
Pawan Kumar: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Rathi from Choice Equity. Please go 
ahead. 
Pratik Rathi: 
Good morning, Sir. Congratulations on a good set of results. I just wanted to know if you 
could quantify the impact of less IPO in this quarter like in the last concall I attended I 
remember 23 to 24 Crores was the revenue in Q3 from the IPOs so if you could quantify for 
this quarter? 
Girish Amesara: 
IPO and corporate action income for this quarter is around 7.90 Crores. 

 
 
CDSL  
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Pratik Rathi: 
Also, I wanted an update regarding the price revision like in the previous con call I attended 
so in that there was some talks from the SEBI approval regarding the increase in the rates or 
the charges so is there any update on the same? 
Nehal Vora: 
There is no update as of know. As I have said earlier two to three years have been tough years 
so we will see how it goes, but as of now there is no update. 
Pratik Rathi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Thanvi from Banyan Tree Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Thanks for the opportunity again. I wanted to understand development on the mutual fund 
central side how that platform has been doing and what is our role there like how it has 
evolved, second on the city side how things are going in gold exchange and any development 
that you want to share on that basis? 
Nehal Vora: 
So both of them are work in progress. The technology platforms are being done and it 
involves multiple players so the interconnect also between these players has to be built and 
tested so it is in the process of being done and mutual fund central is in two phases versus 
with the RTAs and then will be with depositories and RTAs, but surely there will be a role 
for all the players and the important thing is to deepen the markets and deepen more and more 
people being able to join so it is a complimentary role rather than a competitive role which is 
really being envisaged. On the gold also it is on the active preparation in terms of the 
technology platforms and that will have to be tested with the exchanges, clearing corporations 
and the depository so both the depository. So, whatever rather the circular and the regulatory 
framework is out it is slightly different from the securities market, so those all nuances, etc., 
has to be kind of fully implanted also. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure got it. Thanks, and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the lien of Prakash Kapadia from Anived Portfolio 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
On the annual charges we have seen 33% growth so if you could give some colour is it some 
unlisted company scale, where there some one time revenues or is it just increase in folios 
and secondly if I look at the PPT on page 25 the revenue breakup 10.46 Crores is other income 
and 47 Crores is investment income so what is the difference between that and if Girish can 
just give the e-voting and consolidated ECS for the quarter that will be helpful in terms of the 
revenues? 

 
 
CDSL  
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Girish Amesara: 
So in terms of other income, other income largely consist of other than investment income, 
now this includes debtors that we collect after it is considered as bad debts, sundry 
miscellaneous write off that we do  and expenses for which provisions were created in earlier 
year if they are reversed in this year they are also considered as other income, other income 
is a culmination of such items which are not related to business. 
Nehal Vora: 
In terms of your other question on issuer charges it is a combination of both increase and 
folios because more and more people are participating in the securities market and larger 
number of unlisted companies also which have come into the hold so it is a combination of 
both. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
If Girish has that data point ready of the revenues of e-voting and consolidated ECS for the 
quarter? 
Girish Amesara: 
Consolidated EPS is at 28.75. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Consolidated ECS charges and the e-voting charges revenue breakup. 
Girish Amesara: 
ECS is your provision for doubtful debt? 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Girish I was looking at the consolidated ECS the statement number of revenues and the e-
voting revenue number. 
Girish Amesara: 
So e-voting revenue for the quarter is 2.5 Crores and CAS charges income is 4.47 Crores. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Okay fine. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Elara Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Hi thank you for taking my question again, so I saw on the presentation there is a stake 
acquisition of 6.78% in open network for digital commerce what is this item, what does the 
company do and how much have we spent on this? 
Nehal Vora: 
So I will give a brief background. This is a kind of open network, which is getting created so 
all the e-commerce connects which can happen. It is a Section 8 company and all the large 
institutions, all the MIIs and large banks have contributed equally in creating an alternative 
e-commerce platform which can be accessed by all the Indian persons so that it kind of creates 
more of an Atmanirbhar framework. We are not dependent on A or B particular kind of e-

 
 
CDSL  
May 02, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 16 
commerce framework. It is kind of equal contribution. I will ask Girish to give the numbers 
on how much we have contributed. 
Girish Amesara: 
We have contributed 10 Crores as of now. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Just a followup on this I did not really follow what this e-commerce platform will do? 
Nehal Vora: 
What it essentially does is that today all the shops they have to either go to a particular like 
Amazon, Flipkart whoever I do not want to give any names but whoever so this is kind of 
creating an India framework for e-commerce so that all these shops, all these retailers, 
wholesalers, manufacturers can be a part of that ecosystem and there is a lot of press on this 
you can do a search you will able to get a lot of information on what the regulatory intent is. 
It is coming under the Ministry of Trade and Commerce, and they are kind of creating India 
framework so all these people can joint that framework. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Understood I will read up on this. Thanks for this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint that was the last question for today. 
I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Nehal Vora: 
I would wish all of you to remain safe. These are tough times, but I think hopefully India has 
fared very well as compared to the other countries, so I would hope all of you are safe and 
sound and ensure that your families are also safe and sound. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
