A!!.!!!~!$} 
Date: gth May, 2022 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
"Exchange Plaza" 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Post Results Conference Call held on 2nd May, 2022 
Ref: Our Intimation dated 281h April, 2022 
With reference to the captioned matter, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of 
the Conference Call held on 2nd May, 2022. 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Charandeep Singh Saluja 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: A/a. 
ALEMBIC PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
REGO. OFFICE : ALEMBIC ROAD, VADODARA - 390 003, INDIA • TEL : +91-265-2280550 • FAX : +91-265-2282837 
Website: www.alembicpharmaceuticals.com • E-mail : alemblc@alembic.co.ln 
CIN : L24230GJ2010PLC061123. 
· / 

 
 
Page 1 of 28 
 
 
 
“Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited Q4 and Annual FY22 Financial Results” 
 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. PRANAV AMIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. SHAUNAK AMIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. R K BAHETI – DIRECTOR-FINANCE & CFO 
MR. MITANSHU SHAH – HEAD-FINANCE 
MR. JESAL SHAH – HEAD-STRATEGY 
MR. AJAY KUMAR DESAI – SENIOR VP-FINANCE 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 28 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Alembic 
Pharmaceuticals Limited Q4 and Annual FY22 Financial Results. 
From the Management, we have with us Mr. Pranav Amin – 
Managing Director; Mr. Shaunak Amin – Managing Director; Mr. 
R K Baheti – Director-Finance & CFO; Mr. Mitanshu Shah – 
Head-Finance; Mr. Jesal Shah – Head-Strategy; and Mr. Ajay 
Kumar Desai – Senior VP-Finance. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal the operator by pressing “*” then 
“0” on your touch-tone telephone. Please note this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. R K Baheti – Director-
Finance & CFO. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
R K Baheti: 
Thank you dear friends for joining this Conference Call where we 
are presenting our Q4 and Annual Results for FY22. I am sure 
that most of you would have received our results but let me briefly 
take you through the financial numbers: 
Operationally, Q4 was a good quarter for us. Both India business 
and US generic verticals performed well, and Shaunak and 
Pranav would be talking about it in detail in their presentations. 
During the quarter, our total revenue is up by 11% to 1416 crores. 
EBITDA was 164 crores. Profit before tax and profit after tax is 
down to 34 crores and 35 crores respectively. That's because of 
one-time nonrecurring expense charged by Aleor. Had Aleor 
followed the previous year practice, APL's consolidated profit 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 28 
before tax would have been higher by Rs. 188 crores at Rs. 222 
crores and net profit after tax would have been higher by Rs. 145 
crores at Rs. 180 crores.  
EBITDA on a likewise basis would have been Rs. 286 crores i.e 
20% of sales.  
EPS for the quarter is Rs. 1.80 per share for the quarter. It would 
have been 9.16 on likewise basis versus Rs. 12.75 in the 
corresponding quarter in the previous year.  
During the full year '22 our total revenue was Rs. 5306 crores, 
EBITDA was Rs. 955 crores which is 18% of sales. Profit before 
tax and profit after tax were Rs. 650 crores and Rs. 546 crores 
respectively.  
EBITDA on likewise would have been Rs. 1078 crores which was 
20% of sales.  
EPS for full year is 27.76 per share, Rs. 35.11 on likewise basis 
versus Rs. 60.81 in the corresponding financial year 20-21.  
The Company declared a dividend of Rs. 10 per share, i.e., 500% 
corresponding to Rs. 14 per share or 700% in the previous year. 
As you are aware,  Company acquired from Orbicular 
Pharmaceuticals, a joint venture partner in Aleor Dermaceuticals, 
the balance 40% stake shared by them in Aleor. Pursuant to 
share acquisition, Aleor becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of 
the Company. 
Looking at the current market situation in US generic business, 
Aleor, the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, carried out a 
detailed review of its intangible assets of R&D expenses and 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 28 
decided to expense out an additional Rs. 188 crores in the current 
quarter/year. The breakup of that Rs. 188 crores is being charged 
of Rs. 65 crores in higher amortization expenses and the balance 
in various sets of R&D expenses, i.e., employee benefits, material 
cost, and other expenses. 
Borrowings: 
The gross borrowings at consolidated level is 630 crores versus 
Rs. 500 crores in March 2021 and the Company has 61 crores in 
cash on hand versus Rs. 285 crores in March 2021. Net debt-
equity stands at 0.11 
I will now hand over the discussion to Pranav for his presentation 
on international business. 
Pranav Amin: 
The US business witnessed a good quarter with sales at USD 75 
million. This is due to a couple of reasons such as the increased 
market share in some products as well as some one-time 
opportunities and some stocking of the distributor pipeline. This 
gives us confidence in the business moving forward. We also 
launched our first inhalation product in the US market Formoterol 
in April. We continue to remain focused on the long term of the 
US business backed by 15 plus launches in the next year in FY23 
and consolidating market share in the existing products as well. 
As Mr. Baheti mentioned, Aleor is now a wholly owned subsidiary 
of APL. We will get full control of strategy, operations, and 
marketing of the entire dermaceutical portfolio resulting into 
efficiencies and improvement in overall business outlook. 
 Ex-US formulation business as well as the API business have 
both come off a very high base of last year, hence growth was 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 28 
muted. However, we are confident on both these verticals moving 
forward as well.  
R&D expense is 350 crores in the quarter includes Aleor's revised 
charges. The R&D was Rs. 162 crores which is 11% of sales (ex 
of Aleor) 
We filed 11 ANDAs during the quarter.  
We have also received 8 approvals in the quarter including 3 
tentative.  
We cumulatively have 160 ANDA approvals including 22 
tentative.  
We launched 1 product in the US during the quarter and 13 during 
the full year and we plan to launch about 15 products in the next 
financial year. 
FDA inspection: 
We are working hard to address the observations issued by the 
FDA at our F3 injectable facility located at Karkhadi. Remediation 
measures are underway and we are in touch with the FDA to 
move towards full compliance. 
In terms of the numbers: 
The US generics grew at 17% to Rs. 557 crores for the quarter.  
The ex-US generics degrew by 19% to 188 crores for the quarter 
whereas the API business grew by 4% to Rs. 222 crores for the 
quarter. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 28 
I will now hand over to Shaunak to take you through the India 
Branded Business. 
Shaunak Amin: 
Good afternoon everybody. The India business, for another 
quarter, our ability to show a continued buildup in momentum in 
the business continues. A large part of this growth was spread 
over not just a narrow part of the portfolio which had some 
tailwinds this quarter due to the Covid breakout, but it was pretty 
much across the key product therapies as well as our key focus 
product portfolios, and we expect this trend to continue going 
forward. Hopefully with some of the strategic interventions, we 
expect to strategically accelerate this space of growth. 
If I were to come with the growth numbers, the India business 
grew by 25% to 449 crores on quarter-to-quarter basis and by 
29% to 1926 crores in '22 on a year-to-year basis. As per the 
industry, the market grew by 18% in Q4 whereas Alembic 
reflected a growth of 23%. The primary sales growth is 25%. 
Across our key segments – both acute and specialty – we 
recorded a better-than-market growth. 
On the Specialty side, the market grew by 7% whereas internally 
we grew by 13% and majority of it is driven by our key product 
therapeutic areas of gastroenterology, gynecology, and diabetes. 
 Q4FY22 for Acute, the industry recorded a growth of 25% 
whereas Alembic recorded a growth of 60% by IMS and 57% 
growth internally. 
The Anti-Infectives which had a strong tailwind this quarter, the 
industry showed a growth of 23% whereas Alembic's internal 
growth was 59% and the market reflection of 75%.  

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 28 
Cough and cold which is our second key segment in the Acute 
business, the industry showed a growth of 66% whereas Alembic 
recorded an internal growth of 54%. 
Our Animal Healthcare continues to still grow at a very robust high 
double-digit pace with all our interventions and that grew by 16% 
in Q4. 
For the financial year, the industry grew by 18% whereas Alembic 
showed a growth of 29% internally and this is spread over both 
acute and the chronic segments.  
The PCPM for financial year '22 is at 3.58 lakhs for the business  
 For the whole year, the animal healthcare grew by 26% over a 
high base of last year also. 
So, that was a very big positive upside for the performance.  
I would like to open the floor for further questions & answers 
please. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question & answer 
session. We will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. The first question is from the line of Prakash Agarwal 
from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prakash Agarwal: A question on the US ; good recovery ! you mentioned 3 points. 
How much of it is sustainable and how much of it is one time and 
stocking related? 
Pranav Amin: 
I said earlier that about 55 million or so should be our base 
business. So, I would say 55 million or so should be our base 
business going forward. I still stick to that. Apart from that, we had 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 28 
some stocking because we are moving our distributors. So, we 
did some stocking of a couple of weeks of extra material we 
supplied. And there were some one-time buy opportunities. Are 
they still continuing in this quarter, we will wait till the end of the 
quarter. 
Prakash Agarwal: I was trying to understand we had 13 launches during the year. 
So, they would have started picking up some share. Last quarter, 
you did 53 and the understanding would have been that these 
would increase market share plus some more new launches. So, 
55 seems a very conservative number as a base business. 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes. With what happened to us in the last year and how we saw 
price erosion. So, this is the number that I am comfortable with. 
Yes, it is a conservative number but let us see how it goes. 
Prakash Agarwal: Secondly, on the Aleor business; in one of the presentation slides, 
you have given  with and without Aleor numbers. Aleor is currently 
despite some high single-digit launch has zero sales. I could not 
understand that please. 
Mitanshu Shah: 
Yes, there is sales, Prakash, and there is sales of 35 crores for 
the year actually. Maybe because in large millions, you may not 
be able to see that, but there is sales in the current year. 
Prakash Agarwal: I can see the slide, there is no slide number. It says Q4 
financial…. 
Management: 
You are referring investor presentation? 
Prakash Agarwal: Yes. It says 14.16 billion with and without Aleor and the impact is 
00. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 28 
Mitanshu Shah: 
Because that is considering both consolidated numbers. Then 
what we need to compare is between the standalone and 
consolidated and then you will be able to see that, but I am giving 
you the figure. 
Prakash Agarwal: That is about 36 lakhs? 
Mitanshu Shah: 
Crores. 
Prakash Agarwal: Given the cost base, I would presume it is loss making at the 
moment. 
Mitanshu Shah: 
Yes. 
Prakash Agarwal: The second question was on the R&D side. Since now it's a 
subsidiary, what is our R&D guidance for the year? 
Pranav Amin: 
If you see on the R&D side – the total number of R&D and this is 
without the one-off, this year we ended up at about Rs. 640 crores 
standalone Alembic R&D. Next year, our guidance would be 
about Rs. 700 crores that would include Aleor R&D as well. 
R K Baheti: 
We will also start charging of the entire R&D as a P&L item. We 
will stop this practice of capitalizing it and then amortizing 
subsequently. 
Prakash Agarwal: As a percentage to sales, that number then would look lower, 
right? 
Pranav Amin: 
It depends on the sales. 
Prakash Agarwal: Assuming India double-digit growth and the US you are saying 
already recovering. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 28 
Pranav Amin: 
We don't really guide for the percentage of sales. This is an 
absolute number I am giving. If India grows and everything grows, 
then Yes, the percentage would come down. 
Prakash Agarwal: Lastly, if you could share some broad level guidance for the India 
business, because we had a high base Q1 last year. 
Shaunak Amin: 
I have always maintained whatever the IPM growth is for the 
quarter. We should expect a few basis points higher than the IPM 
growth. I will answer this in 2 pieces. Yes, there is a large impact 
of last year's April and May stocking that happened due to the 
Covid phenomenon. As long as the market stays robust, we 
should be able to grow a little bit faster than the market. That 
being said, azithromycin oral solid did have extremely large 
tailwinds in April and May of 2021-22. So, that would be a drag 
on the sales. The ex of these 2 products, we expect the portfolio 
to perform pretty decently. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Damayanti Kerai from HSBC 
Securities and Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Damayanti Kerai: I just wanted to understand Aleor related costs better. Baheti sir 
mentioned now all R&D will be expensed. First, how much of 
Aleor R&D has been capitalized so far, and going ahead, you 
mentioned R&D will move up from around 640 to 700 crores for 
the next year. Similarly, what kind of incremental costs we are 
expecting above EBITDA ex-R&D due to this ownership change 
for Aleor? 
R K Baheti: 
Cumulatively, Aleor's accumulated R&D expense which was 
capitalized as CWIP or as intangible assets were about 355 
crores. We have expensed out 180 crores in this year March '22. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 28 
Secondly, Annual R&D expense as of now is about 50 crores 
which we have charged off in '21-22 and we will charge it off from 
'22-23 onwards fully. 
Damayanti Kerai: Sir, you said 50 crore R&D will be additional coming off from FY23 
across quarters? 
R K Baheti: 
That's correct. 
Damayanti Kerai: Sir, I just missed, how much you said the total R&D capitalized for 
Aleor? 
R K Baheti: 
About 350 plus crores. 
Damayanti Kerai: My next question is on India business. Obviously you mentioned 
traction has been very strong. Can you clarify a bit what factors 
have helped us in achieving such industry-beating growth? And 
for FY23, what are your expectations on growth contribution from 
the volume growth as well as from the price increase part? 
Shaunak Amin: 
In terms of the India business, I have been saying it now for quite 
a few calls we have done significant corrections across the board 
in terms of our business and it is hard for me to get into all the 
things we have done over the last 4-5 years to get to this, but if I 
could just simply put it to you, the transitioning of the product 
portfolio to a more high growth profile for sure is a big one that 
has helped us. Along with that, extremely robust and rigorous 
efforts that we put into our supply chain in the market to optimize 
that. That has given us strong results. Along with that, a large 
amount of the correct mining in the business and trenching of the 
right kind of profile or manpower. These would be the three very 
macro reasons. Going forward, there is no guidance as such that 
I can give, but what I can say is that whatever the market 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 28 
performance, I expect us to do a certain amount of basis points 
significantly better than the market growth in any given quarter, 
and that's what we are working to at this point in time. And if over 
the next couple of quarters we can establish a trendline, we will 
probably give a guidance at the end of the year to see if we can 
look at a far more higher percentage of growth over the IPM. 
Damayanti Kerai: Sir, just a clarity; the NLEM hike, which was allowed from April 
1st, that's all taken? 
Shaunak Amin: 
On the volume versus price growth, it should be anywhere 
between a 70:30 split; 70 on volume and 30 on price. 
Damayanti Kerai: So, 70% contribution from the volume growth and the rest 30 from 
the pricing hike part? 
Shaunak Amin: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Gupta from Angel One 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Yash Gupta: 
Sir, first of all, this 35 crores of Aleor business is for the complete 
year FY22 or for the quarter? 
R K Baheti: 
Full year. 
Yash Gupta: 
We have 13 launches in FY22. How much of the 70% growth is 
attributable to the new launches and any thoughts on the price 
erosion in FY23? 
Pranav Amin: 
We don't give a breakup of how much of the growth came from 
the new launches, but strategically what Alembic does as you 
know is whenever there is a market, we slowly pick up market 
share. We don't get market share right away. So, we gradually 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 28 
pick up market share in our products, and as we get more 
confidence and as the buyers get more confidence in our supply 
chain abilities, we gradually pick up share. So, we don't give a 
breakup of from where we got it. 
For your second part of the question, price erosion is tough to say 
because we are coming off a high base of last year. If you look at 
it sequentially, I will say about 5% to 10% or something like that. 
Yash Gupta: 
For the Indian business, have we taken any price hikes in the April 
month related to the NLEM and any numbers that would you like 
to give? 
Shaunak Amin: 
At the moment, in certain parts of the portfolio, we have taken a 
price increase but we don't expect that to play out immediately as 
there is some amount of manufactured inventory that we have in 
our warehouses. By the time we extinguish that inventory, it will 
play out may be in a month or two in terms of price increase. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tarang from Old Bridge 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Just a couple of questions on some key products. I read about 
there is Sprycel settlement with the innovator. When could we see 
this launch happening? 
Pranav Amin: 
For which one? 
Tarang Agrawal: Dasatinib 
Jesal Shah: 
Actually, we are not disclosing products which are under 
settlement. But you are right; the product has been settled, and 
we hope to launch at the time of market formation. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 28 
Tarang Agrawal: 
And when is that likely to be? 
Jesal Shah: 
We are not able to give an exact date at this time because of 
confidentiality provisions, but it's not in the near term. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Given that Lacosamide is genericized, how is the market 
formation because I see there are a lot of players there and how 
big could this opportunity be? 
Pranav Amin: 
It is still early days. We did launch our product but I think there is 
a lot of competition. So, I don't expect it to be a very large or 
meaningful launch for most people. These are still early days but 
we are just waiting to see what happens. We have picked up 
some share. We haven't gone up in any of the big accounts. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
There is a product for which you received tentative approval in 
January. It's called Vortioxetine. Can you just give us a sense 
what's happening there in terms of litigation with the innovator? 
Jesal Shah: 
Vortioxetine, I think in the public domain, you would see that there 
was a litigation going on. We generally expect the launches to 
happen only after compound expiry. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Badjatya from 
Honesty and Integrity Investment. Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav Badjatya: Sir, I have 2-3 questions from a longer-term perspective. Firstly, 
we have been repeatedly highlighting that we have a nimble 
supply chain, and whenever there are opportunities that arise due 
to market dislocation, we are in the right position to capture that. 
What exactly we have done to be in this good position that we are 
able to capture the opportunity? Is it like we generally have more 
inventory as compared to competitors or is it like our 
manufacturing equipment are more flexible to quickly shift 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 28 
between the different kind of production? What are exactly the 3-
4 things that enable us to be in this good position? 
Pranav Amin: 
That is one of the focus areas that we wanted to build on for the 
US business because it's an important area we realized and you 
mentioned some of them and a few things that we do. I don't know 
compared to the competition, but what we do internally is if we do 
pick up an account share, we do carry extra inventory. We carry 
extra all the way starting from the API or the intermediates to the 
finished product, so we carry some extra inventory. We have 
multipurpose plants, so it helps us to be more nimble. We try to 
leave some capacity idle, so that helps us scale up very fast if 
there is a market share buildup. And all the way from the front end 
to the back end, there has to be very good communication and 
everyone is aligned towards that and that's what helps us. 
Vaibhav Badjatya: Secondly, on the international US business particularly, even if 
we exclude the one-time benefits that we get in different forms at 
different points of time, even our normal international business 
seems to be generating a reasonable sum of money in spite of a 
lot of products having been commoditized. It is well known that 
there are more than 6-7 competitors for these kinds of products, 
and in spite of that, not only you but a couple of other competitors 
are also making a reasonable amount of money. Why it is that still 
this is a reasonably attractive business in spite of more of 
being….I mean excluding the one-time opportunity, most of the 
products have been commoditized. In spite of that, we are 
continuing to earn good money. What in your view is the reason 
behind that? 
Pranav Amin: 
I have always said that one of the reasons why the US market is 
attractive is – not just for Alembic but for everybody else – it's a 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 28 
large market. And while India is a very steady market and you can 
grow at market or like Shaunak mentioned earlier in the call that 
there is a market share growth and you have to either do better 
than that or less than that but you get restricted to that band. But 
for the US business, there is a big opportunity to add business 
very fast and if you see, a classic example is Alembic and we 
have grown at…. up until last year, we have had a CAGR of 25% 
in a 5-year period. So, you can add a lot of business, and that's 
why the US business is still attractive. One-time buys always help 
you with helping your margins and they help up the profit, but long 
term supply contracts are the base. There has been more price 
erosion as everybody else, all our peers in the market have said. 
So, it has made it a little less attractive, but our long-term view is 
it's still an interesting market and we are still focused on it. 
Vaibhav Badjatya: Generally, nobody else gives this number, but ROCE on the 
international business would obviously be lower than domestic, 
but everything is still in the range of say 15% to 20% or it's below 
that? 
R K Baheti: 
You are right. ROCE on domestic business is very high primarily 
because the investment needed for domestic business is limited 
and you will get a high profitability out of it. As far as international 
business is concerned, say until '20-21, we were making a decent 
ROCE even in the international business. Two things have pulled 
down our ROCE in recent times. One is the investments which 
we have done which have not started contributing revenues, and 
the second is, some profits have been chipped off. As a company, 
we are still good on ROCE, particularly if we exclude the projects 
related to CAPEX because they are still not revenue generators. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 28 
Vaibhav Badjatya: If I exclude the CWIP or the projects that have not contributed to 
the revenue, international business still has a reasonable ROCE. 
That is what you say in FY22 as well? 
R K Baheti: 
Reasonable is a state of mind and what is reasonable there is no 
definition. But yes, we still have good positive ROCE. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ranvir Singh from Sunidhi 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ranvir Singh: 
I just wanted clarity on US business. In this quarter, we had better 
than the normal run rate that the average run rate we had. What 
was the reason? That particular launch of respiratory products, 
that is the only contributor? 
Pranav Amin: 
No. As I mentioned earlier in my opening statement that one of 
the reasons why the US did well is we have picked up market 
share in our existing portfolio. I have been saying it for the last 2-
3 quarters that we are gradually picking up share in some of our 
products. That is one reason. Number 2, there were some one-
time opportunities that we saw in the US market, some short 
terms, that have kicked up the sales. And third is, we have moved 
distributors in the US, still some inventory restocking at the 
distributor level. We carried some extra inventory at the distributor 
level to make the transitions smoother. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Of that, 10 to 12 million, it has been in the nature of exceptional 
upside, right? 
Pranav Amin: 
I wouldn't like to give a breakup of this stuff to say but this will be 
because part of it was increased market share and part of it one-
time buys. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 28 
Ranvir Singh: 
Secondly, on integration of Aleor; what was the operating cost 
related to Aleor in this quarter or for a year if you can give. 
Mitanshu Shah: 
We have R&D cost of around between Rs. 40 to 50 crores. And 
the plant is very efficient, it runs around less than Rs. 40 crores. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Of that 188 crores excluding that 55 crores in amortization, the 
remaining is 123 crores. Of that 123 crores which is above 
EBITDA, that includes…. 
Mitanshu Shah: 
What we can do is we can take this question offline. You can call 
me and we will discuss this. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Okay, sure. Just last one on another side that on CAPEX, what in 
FY23 we can expect? 
Mitanshu Shah: 
CAPEX for '23 would be around 450 crores. That would include 
the preoperative expenses for the plants. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashwini Agarwal from 
Ashmore Investments. Please go ahead. 
Ashwini Agarwal: On Aleor, in response to the previous question, you said that the 
capitalized R&D was 355 crores of which 180 crores has been 
expensed off as a one-off. Is there a plan to expense off the 
remaining 175 crores as well? 
R K Baheti: 
Yes. As I said, Aleor as of now, it still remains a separate company 
though we plan to amalgamate it. They have decided to 
accelerate the amortization. So, I believe the rest of the 
accumulated tranche will get amortized in '23. 
Ashwini Agarwal: So, 175 crores will appear as a one-off in fiscal '23? 
R K Baheti: 
155 crores or so. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 28 
Ashwini Agarwal: Sir, obviously this business is incurring a fairly substantial loss at 
this point in time and we have a number of filings in there. Could 
you help us build a picture about how we should look at Aleor over 
the next 3 to 5 years? You acquired the minority stake of 40% in 
this and you are amalgamating it in the Holdco. How do we think 
about this business from a 3- to 5-year perspective? 
Pranav Amin: 
In my opinion, the best way to look at it is, it is separated now, I 
think we are moving forward it is going to be amalgamated into 
Alembic. And there is not much to see, right? Because even on 
the R&D side, as I mentioned, the ongoing R&D cost will be about 
40-50 crores a year compared to about 650 crores that we have 
in Alembic. So, even it's a small fraction. We have filed a bunch 
of products, about 30 odd products that they have got and they 
will just get amalgamated with Alembic. The plant is running quite 
efficiently. Moving forward, after the amalgamation, I don't think 
you should look at it separately but it is just like a derm portfolio 
for us because cost-wise there is not going to be any major issue 
for us. 
Ashwini Agarwal: No, that's not the point. The point is that last year you had a 
revenue of roughly about 33 crores against which you had an 
R&D expense of about 50 crores and plant operating expenses – 
if I got the number right – another 80 crores or so, correct? 
R K Baheti: 
All put together was 80. So, the plant would be around 30-40 
crores. 
Ashwini Agarwal: So, it's a straight loss of about 50 crores. Obviously, while it will 
be a division and it will be a number that will get hidden away in 
the big picture of things, but I just wanted to understand the 
rationale for acquiring the minority stake and what do you expect 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 28 
this business to contribute over a period of time? The fact that it 
will be small is not relevant, right? 
Pranav Amin: 
The rationale is the same as it is for the rest of the US business. 
We are still excited about the US business and this is a good 
portfolio to have. There are some opportunities in derm as well 
and I do see the sales also ramping up significantly. There is a lot 
of approvals that will be coming at this plant. Cost-wise, the plant 
is a very efficient plant. So, it's going with our US strategy that we 
are excited in the US business and this one too will aid to that, 
and sales and profit everything will go uphill with this. 
Ashwini Agarwal: If I recall right, the total capitalized value of Aleor as of 31st March 
2021 was of the order of 800 crores. Am I right? 
R K Baheti: 
Yes, that's right. 
Ashwini Agarwal: And out of which let us say 355 crores gets written down as R&D, 
that leaves you with something like 500 crores ballpark. Would 
that be correct? 
R K Baheti: 
Yes. 
Ashwini Agarwal: And would it be reasonable to expect it over a period of time this 
500 crores can turn out in ROCE of double digit or would that be 
too aggressive? 
R K Baheti: 
No. I think over a period of time, we expect it to have a low double-
digit ROCE going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saion Mukherjee from 
Nomura. Please go ahead. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 28 
Saion Mukherjee: On the US market, Pranav, this quarter seemed to have created 
such an opportunity. What is driving it? Is it the China-related 
shutdown, why our distributors talking more, and why are those 
opportunities coming back? Is there any structural shift or this is 
just…. 
Pranav Amin: 
Saion, there is no structural shift per se in the market. For the last 
3 quarters, I have been saying that we are looking at building up 
more market share in some products. So, we have had that. That 
is one aspect of it where we have gained market share in some 
products. No. 2 There were certain one-time buy opportunities. I 
don't think they were China related. It was just basic whatever 
reason the market was short on these products. That was the 
second one. Third as I mentioned, the distributors. I think that is 
more only for us because we are moving our third-party distributor 
to a new distributor. We moved on the 1st of April. Hence, we 
wanted to stock up some more material to ensure there is a 
smooth transition. That's all. But structurally there is no shift in the 
market per se. I don't think China disruption is something that we 
have seen so far on the formulation side in the US. 
Saion Mukherjee: The second question is, when you think slightly long term in the 
US, you mentioned it's a market which you feel excited about, but 
it appears that most of these opportunities are very much sort of 
one-off in nature which is very unpredictable. How do you make 
capital allocation decisions based on such sort of uncertainty? 
Pranav Amin: 
What we have seen historically with the US market is that it moves 
up and down. There are opportunities always. And as I said 
earlier, it's like a massive market size. While the returns have 
come down considering what we thought initially, but we are being 
mindful of it. That is why if you see R&D, what I said earlier that 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 28 
R&D also for the next year, we are going to keep R&D flat for the 
next year. And if you do your job well and if you remain compliant, 
you will get opportunities as we have seen that from time to time. 
Saion Mukherjee: Any of the new areas you are looking at for the US market? I know 
you have topicals, injectables, oral solids. Anything else you want 
to sort of….? 
Pranav Amin: 
As of now, our hands are full with what we have got. Our first 
priority is to ensure the injectable plant is compliant. So, we will 
resubmit our response to the FDA. We are undergoing 
remediation right now and we have got consultants. That's the 
first aspect, because once that comes and automatically the 
ophthalmic line, the regular injectables, the prefilled syringes, the 
long-acting injectables, everything then kicks into play. 
Saion Mukherjee: Just one final question from my side. On the cost front, if you can 
just throw some light on how the raw material, logistic, and other 
overhead sort of costs are trending? I just want to know where we 
are versus let us say what we had seen maybe pre-pandemic 
levels. Just to get a sense on how elevated the costs are for…. 
Pranav Amin: 
This year the logistics have been a big hit for everyone, I guess, 
in the industry because all your shipping rates – not just air but 
even sea – have gone up. We moved a lot of our shipments from 
air to sea but in spite of that, we have seen a higher logistics cost. 
R K Baheti: 
On the material cost, we are stable. There is no significant change 
from the last quarter. Pre-pandemic is an old story. So, I don't 
even remember the number. But generally other expenses are in 
line. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 23 of 28 
Pranav Amin: 
The material cost of some intermediates and some chemicals 
have gone up. The rest I think is okay. 
Saion Mukherjee: Is it possible to give a number like so many crores, let us say…. 
Mitanshu: 
Saion, can we take this offline? You call me and we will discuss 
the numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prakash Agarwal from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prakash Agarwal: Just one question. Since Aleor is loss making and derms are a 
little bit kind of getting commoditized, was there a thought process 
of selling our stake rather than buying the other stake? 
Pranav Amin: 
To be honest, no. As I mentioned, it is an interesting market. So, 
I didn't want to sell our stake. It's an FDA compliant plant 
approved for, inspected 4 times. There is a nice portfolio and it's 
a good basket of products. So, I was quite keen to pick up the 
balance 40% stake. 
Prakash Agarwal: What is the pipeline like? How many filed and how many pending? 
Mitanshu Shah: 
We have a total of 45 products that we are working on at this point 
in time. There are others under consideration but 45 on the grid. 
We have filed 30 of that actually and we have 17 approvals and 
we have launched 11 products. 
Prakash Agarwal: And these 7 products are currently giving us $5 million? 
Mitanshu Shah: 
Yes. 
Prakash Agarwal: And these would be just launched, right? I mean there is a chance 
of they becoming a little larger, right? 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 24 of 28 
R K Baheti: 
Yes, of course. 
Prakash Agarwal: Secondly, on India business; since growth is across the board and 
more so acute, but things will normalize. Just trying to understand; 
in the past, we have invested and all the capital allocation is 
higher in the export business. Having done that, now is there an 
M&A strategy for India? Any thought process there? 
Shaunak Amin: 
On the India piece, on the M&A side, like I said,  we keep a check 
of what's going on. At this point in time, looking at the last 
valuation for the last 3 transactions in the India business that have 
happened including the veterinary ones. We see limited long-term 
value in any M&A strategy at this point in time to pick up an entire 
portfolio. What we are constantly trying to do is we are trying to 
augment the portfolio and we have certain slots in certain 
divisions. There are certain therapeutic areas where we can look 
at acquiring a one-off trend. Those transactions are quite slow 
and long drawn and success rates are very low. That is what we 
are looking at. But as of now, jumping in the fray for any M&A 
asset that comes up in India, that's not something we feel is a 
prudent strategy for an Indian company like us. 
R K Baheti: 
Having said that, Shaunak, we will continue to invest in our 
organic growth that is the idea. 
Shaunak Amin: 
And the reason why I say this is where we are we have been able 
to demonstrate now it has been quite a few quarters, we have 
been able to show sustainable predictability and decent growth 
numbers. There are plenty of ideas and there are plenty of things 
at an organic level where we want to actualize. From a resource 
allocation point, yes, we have stepped up resource allocations a 
little bit compared to what we have done 2 to 3 years ago, but 
there are a lot of ideas and there is a lot of clarity in terms of what 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 25 of 28 
can give us this additional incremental growth in the India 
business over and above what we are doing at this point in time. 
Hopefully, we can execute these in this year and some of that 
should start showing by the end of the year. 
Prakash Agarwal: Lastly, was there a comment of a partnership with Rhizen on 
Umbralisib? Where are we? What are the next steps? If you could 
just give us the year-end overview and going forward how….? 
Pranav Amin: 
No, there was no comment on it, and it's a disappointing news 
that we saw that the FDA has taken a very different view towards 
all PI3 kinase products in the market. Hence, TG have volunteered 
out of the ODAC meeting. So, what we know is in the public 
domain of TG. We will start discussions with them on what they 
say, but what we know in the public domain of TG is that they are 
not going to pursue oncology in the future. So, we are in talks with 
them. Let us see how it goes. It was a bit disappointing because 
it was at the last leg and FDA took this call – not for this particular 
product but for PI3K inhibitors. 
Prakash Agarwal: And then you have the chance to go and scout for another partner 
or how does these things happen? 
Pranav Amin: 
As I said, we are in discussions with TG. Let us see what 
happens. But we are in talks with them. So, in the next couple of 
weeks, we will get an idea. 
Prakash Agarwal: Is there any near-term milestone that was pending? 
Pranav Amin: 
No, nothing was pending. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Celly from Equirus. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 26 of 28 
Bharat Celly: 
Since our product Azithral has crossed the 450 crores mark for 
this year which could actually normalize going forward 
considering the Covid cases as well have come down drastically, 
do you believe we can grow in double digit even going forward in 
FY23? 
Shaunak Amin: 
Like I mentioned, with some amount of higher base this year 
growing at a double digit for '22-23 would be a bit of a challenge. 
But going forward, '23 onwards, we should come back to historical 
growth number that we have been giving pre-Covid which was 
anywhere from a low to mid-level double-digit growth based on 
market growth numbers. 
Bharat Celly: 
Just wanted to understand on the US part as well. Considering 
we have got additional set of queries for the new facility; how do 
we look at US market from FY23 perspective in the absence of 
new plants considering the new product approval which we have 
seen is having a ticket size of around $25-30 million. So, in the 
absence of new facilities coming through, how do we look at the 
US market for FY23? 
Pranav Amin: 
There are 2 parts to it. I think we are still going ahead with 
launching. As I mentioned, we will launch about 15-odd products 
in the US in FY23. That will help the growth as well as what we 
saw in Q4 that we picked up share in some existing products as 
well. So, 15 products is pretty good and I think we should be able 
to get growth on these products. In the next 6 months to 9 months 
– depends how long it takes for the FDA – we will get an idea 
about the new facility as well, but growth will continue because 
we have a non-injectable portfolio as well. 
Bharat Celly: 
Just wanted to understand one part. Considering we have got a 
settlement for Revlimid. When is that launch scheduled? Are we 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 27 of 28 
going to be at the time of market formation in the second wave or 
third wave? How is this going to be? 
Jesal Shah: 
Is the question on Revlimid? 
Bharat Celly: 
Yes. 
Jesal Shah: 
Revlimid was in the public domain. We are in litigation with the 
brand innovator and that's all we can say at this stage. It's a pretty 
early stage in litigation. We will see how that progresses. 
Bharat Celly: 
So, we have not yet settled it, right? 
Jesal Shah: 
No, we have not yet settled it. 
Bharat Celly: 
And last question. You said 15 launches. Out of that, how many 
are going to be the ones which we had got already approval in 
FY22 and we will be launching in FY23? 
Pranav Amin: 
Is it about Aleor? 
Bharat Celly: 
No, overall. 
Pranav Amin: 
I am just saying 15 that is what I expect to launch. We don't 
launch, we sometimes take some time to launch a product to see 
the market formation where we wait. It's an opportunity. But we 
will launch 15. Some may be from this last year; some may be 
pending with us for a while. It depends on the situation. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last 
question. I now hand the conference over to Mr. R K Baheti for 
his closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
R K Baheti: 
There were a couple of pending questions but we have some 
other schedule. So, you can get in touch with anybody whose 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 28 of 28 
questions were not responded to after getting in touch with 
Mitanshu or Ajay and they will be happy to share that information. 
Thank you very much everyone for joining this call. It is always 
interesting to interact with you and look forward to seeing you 
again in the next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, 
on behalf of Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
