MEGHMANI 
ORGANICS LIMITED 
Ref: MOL/2022-23/16 
May 7, 2022 
M31 
Chemistry of Success at Work 
  
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) Mumbai 400 051 
SYMBOL:- MOL 
 
  
BSE Limited 
Floor- 25, P J Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code:- 543331 
 
  
Dear Sir, 
Sub.: 
Transcript of Earning Conference Call held on May 2, 2022 for Q4 and 
FY2022 Financial Results 
Dear Sir, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith transcript of earning conference call held 
on 
May 
2, 
2022 wherein 
audited 
Financial 
Results 
for Q4 
and 
FY2021-22 
were 
discussed. 
The said transcript is also available at www.meghmani.com in the investor section. 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your record. 
Yours faithfully, 
For, Meghmani Organics Limited 
pa 
Jayesh Patel 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mem.No:A14898 
Encl: As above 
  
CORPORATE & REGD. OFFICE: "Meghmani House”, Behind Safal Profitaire, Corporate Road, 
Prahladnagar, Ahmedabad - 380 015. Gujarat, (INDIA) Phone No.: +91 79 71761000, 29709600 
E-mail: 
helpdesk@meghmani.com,exports@meghmani.com 
Site: 
www.meghmani.com 
CIN 
: L24299GJ2019PLC110321 
(Formerly Known as Meghmani Organochem Limited) 
  
  
A.Government Recognized 
4 STAR EXPORT HOUSE 
   

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 Meghmani Organics Limited 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
May 02, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Jacob, the moderator for this conference. 
Welcome to Q4 FY22 Earning Conference Call of Meghmani Oganics Limited organized by 
Dickenson World. At this moment all participants are in the listen-only mode later we will 
conduct a question and answer session. At that time, if you have a question, please press ‘*’ 
and ‘1’ on your telephone keypad. Please note this conference is being recorded. I would now 
like to hand the floor over to Ms. Sonam Raghuvanshi. Thank you and over to you, Ma’am. 
Sonam Raghuvanshi: 
Good evening everyone. I welcome you all to the Earnings Call of Meghmani Organics Limited 
for the Q4 FY22. Today, we have with us from the management represented by Mr. Ankit 
Patel – Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Gurjant Singh Chahal – Chief Finance Officer and Mr. 
Bharat Mody - Advisor-IR Strategy, Meghmani Organics Limited. I would like to remind you 
that the remarks today might include forward looking statements, and actual results may 
differ materially from those contemplated by the forward looking statements. Any statement 
we make on the call today is based on our assumption as on date, and we have no obligation 
to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. I would now like 
to invite Mr. Ankit Patel Chief Executive Officer to make his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Ankit Patel: 
Thank you Sonam. Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm 
welcome to the Q4 FY22 Earning’s Call of Meghmani Organics Limited. Before highlighting 
the performance of the period I hope that you and your family members are all keeping 
healthy safe, and sound. 
I'm pleased to inform you that for Q4 and FY2022, the company has delivered outstanding 
numbers. Our top line revenue has surge by 53%. Y-o-Y to nearly Rs. 2,500 crore. This was 
helped by higher capacity utilization, along with that improvement in volumes and 
realization from the Pigment and Agrochemicals business. The solid performance was a 
major achievement given that the year was riddled with a challenging business 
environment impacted by uncertainties caused by global commodity inflation, raw material 
price fluctuations, and supply chain disruptions. 
Our gross profit registered a sharp improvement of 43.3% year-on-year. To reach Rs. 1,040 
Crore while EBITDA margin improved by 35.5% to contribute nearly Rs. 380 Crore. Our PAT 
grew solidly by 66% and it has reached Rs. 308 crore. The rise in other income and decline 
in finance costs also contributed to further improving the company's results. On the balance 

 
Page 2 of 21 
sheet front, company's debt to equity ratio stood at 0.34 as on 31st March 2022. The 
company’s annualized ROC and ROE return ratios came in strongly at 19% and 23.6%, 
respectively. Our working capital cycle has also improved significantly from 113 days in last 
financial year to 76 days in 2022. 
On our various CAPEX front, I'm pleased to inform you that the on ground execution work is 
on track as per plan. We expect commercial production to come on stream by Q2 FY23 for 
our Agrochemicals division expansion plan project. This will additionally contribute 
significantly to the top line of our company going forward. During Q3FY22 Meghmani 
Organics fast track its foray into the new product category of Titanium dioxide by acquiring 
Kilburn Chemicals Limited. This acquisition was funded through company's internal 
approval deploying Rs. 132 crore. We are doing CAPEX of Rs. 275 crore for commercializing 
the capacity in the first wave. This includes the acquisition cost of Rs. 132 crore. There will 
be Rs. 325 crore CAPEX for further capacity expansion in phase two. The Phase One capacity 
is expected to be commercialized in the Q3FY23 while the phase two is expected to be 
commissioned by Q3 FY24. This plant is expected to contribute around Rs. 700 to 750 crore 
to Meghmani Organics top line on a full financial year basis. 
The addition of the company's Titanium Dioxide project represents an important 
diversification from our existing Telofine and base segments. In the coming years, this 
capacity addition will further strengthen Meghmani Organics overall margin profile and 
return ratios. In summary, I'm pleased to inform you that the company is performing well 
and is consistently producing strong numbers each year. We are confident to sustain this 
level of performance in the medium terms too. In fact, given our various CAPEX plan. Our 
companies should be able to double its revenue by FY25. In the meantime, we are 
continuing to the recommended sound and sustainable dividend despite the considerable 
CAPEX spent by the company in FY22. Our corporate governance continues to be the 
steadfast and efforts in protecting the environment and contributing to the society 
continuous unabated. Going forward we are squarely focused on sustaining our 
contribution to shareholders well, in the coming years with this, we would be happy to take 
any question you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on your touch tone telephone. if you wish 
to withdraw yourself from the question queue, you may press ‘*’ and ‘2’. Participants are 
requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Aman Vij - Astute Investment Management. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 3 of 21 
Aman Vij: 
Yeah sir my first question is on this guidance itself. You are saying from what Rs. 2500 core 
sales in FY 22. You are now targeting Rs. 5000 cores sales. 
Ankit Patel: 
No, I think that was a misunderstanding. Let me correct it. So, in the year of 2021, we were at 
about Rs. 1,500 crore. At that time, we made an announcement that will be doubling the 
revenue by FY24 to Rs. 3,000 crores which will be Rs. 2,000 crore Agrochemical and Rs. 1,000 
Crore pigment, so, we will try to achieve it maybe more in advance, but our target remains 
that we should be able to achieve our target well within the time limit so that is Rs. 3,000 
crore. 
Aman Vij: 
Sure sir, but given the FY22 performance shouldn't we be revising our estimates of those. 
Ankit Patel: 
Yeah, we should be able to achieve it well before the time limit. So, this year has been very 
volatile in terms of the commodity prices as well as the other prices have gone up. So, there 
has been support from the pricing point of view as well. But on a long term basis if this 
remains constant then yes, we should be able to achieve it very well in advance. 
Aman Vij: 
My question on the business side, so if you look at our Agrochemical side first, so if you can 
broadly talk about what is the segmentation of the three main insecticide categories to our 
revenue, like you had explained in, I think last call organophosphate, insecticide, 
neonicotinoid insecticide and pyrethroid insecticide. What is the contribution of these three 
Agrochemicals If you can talk about for FY22 And what kind of growth are we expecting in 
these three segments for us as a company? 
Ankit Patel: 
Sure, so Meghmani, we have always been a pyrethroid based company and so pyrethroid 
product portfolio is always a strong product portfolio. Almost two thirds of our revenue 
comes from that segment and that will remain more or less in the same range I would say we 
are also adding some other products into the same basket. So, that can be increased in that 
product. It is relatively safe insecticide compared to neonicotinoids and organophosphate 
insecticide. We have some amount of organophosphate revenue as well in our basket as well 
as we have one herbicide which is 2,4D phenoxy herbicides so that is also contributing 
relatively good amount of revenue in our top line. 
Aman Vij: 
Organophosphate will be like what 10 to 20%. 
Ankit Patel: 
I would, say approximately 10%. 
Aman Vij: 
Okay, neonicotinoid. 
Ankit Patel: 
Neonicotinoid is less, but 24Dwhich phenoxy herbicides would be about 20%. 
Aman Vij: 
Sir, on this 24D side So, what was our utilization level for the full year as well as we what is 
our capacity now? Is this if you can explain. 

 
Page 4 of 21 
Ankit Patel: 
So, capacity is 22000 tons. If you remember, we commissioned about flat in the last financial 
year. So, and we were expecting that after capacity expansion, we thought that for the first 
year we should be able to utilize the newer capacity by 50 to 55% followed by the third year 
we should be able to reach at about 80% plus, but I'm happy to say that first year itself, we 
have been able to utilize the plant by more than 75% capacity. 
Aman Vij: 
Sure sir and if you can talk about the current pricing, what we heard are some Chinese 
players have come back so the pricing have come down, you can talk about this game. 
Ankit Patel: 
See Chinese companies are already there in the 2, 4 D market. It was not like that they have 
come back, but depending on the demand as well as the market conditions point of view 
price keeps on varying. It went at very high level, which I think in the history nobody has seen 
that kind of rise in the last financial year, but yes, it has come to the reasonable level it has 
come down. 
Aman Vij: 
It is around $3.5-$4 now. 
Ankit Patel: 
You can say that about $3.5. 
Aman Vij: 
Sure sir and on the MPP site if you can talk little bit. Will you be introducing mostly insecticide 
and the pyrethroid insecticides or we are focusing on some other products or herbicides 
Ankit Patel: 
So, a lot of people ask us this question, but we would like to keep it confidential for the time 
being because we are coming with some new generation products, which are going to be 
either manufactured by a multinational company in India or not being manufactured. So, we 
will be typically the second runner after that. So, relatively new product better chemistry, so 
from the business perspective, we are keeping it low profile. So, once the plant is 
commercialized/ commissioned will be announcing the kind of the products we are coming 
up with, but for the time being I can say it is all insecticides. 
Aman Vij: 
My question is on Agrochem side and then one question on the Pigment side sir what do you 
expect the base business to grow without the new product? So, we have a base of 1700 crore 
now, what should be the growth in this phase 
Ankit Patel: 
Aman bhai the thing is you know, the growth will come definitely, you know we are expecting 
very high amount of growth in coming year. So, if we do not add the new products then 
growth remains little low, so definitely in the existing production, there will be some amount 
of growth, but the major growth will be coming from the new products. 
Aman Vij: 
So, base business. It is correct to assume like 5% to 6 % kind of growth or even lower. 

 
Page 5 of 21 
Ankit Patel: 
No 5%, 6% is too low. We expect little more than that at least 10% stuff, but just a minute. So, 
5 or 6 % would be too low. Definitely we'll have small growth in the existing product, but the 
major growth will come from the new product segment. 
Aman Vij: 
Final question on the Pigment side so on Titanium Dioxide there are a number of global 
players who have like 5 lakh tons to 10 lakh tons kind of big capacity four-five players each. 
So, how will we compete with them? What is their import landed price. Are we thinking of 
getting some antidumping duty? What are your thought process on this game. 
Ankit Patel: 
As far as the Titanium dioxide is concerned the market is huge and that is KEEP ON expanding 
mainly because of the expansion in the paint segment and India import more than 200,000 
tons of Titanium dioxide approximately so the demand is already there. The global players 
which are there in Europe, US in other markets. Now in current time when the situation in 
terms of the logistic cost is very high, the utility cost is very high. So, we are going to cater 
firstly to the Indian market so we'll have that first advantage. Second thing definitely there is 
a duty on titanium dioxide depending approximately 7.5%. So, that is not an issue. And we 
have done the calculation even on without duty basis and our calculation says that we should 
be able to complete with a global player there should not be a much problem. 
Aman Vij: 
Even if our capacity will be much, much smaller than big giants you think we can compete and 
win market share. 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes correct. 
Aman Vij: 
You have already spoken to customers and do we have some kind of order book of this 
product since it will be coming only be Titanium dioxide. 
Ankit Patel: 
No yes our customer knows that we are coming in Titanium dioxide. We have acquired the 
company. They know very well they are very happy with that and they are they are going to 
add us as one more product basket point of view and so it is going to help us definitely and as 
of now because the plant has not started so we do not have any order booked. Once we will 
be commercializing the production, we will have a stable production at that time we will go 
aggressively on the marketing, but as of now we have started discussions with the various 
customers. 
Aman Vij: 
On the Inventory side, receivables have gone up a lot this year. What is the mix of inventory 
finished goods, say raw materials and what are the thought process of saw reducing it? 
Ankit Patel: 
In current time, you know when the prices all the raw material prices are up. At the same 
time the logistics time cycle has increased. Every company, I would say inventory has gone up 
meet at the raw material level at WIP level at the same time finished goods level. So, we are 
in the same segment where we have expanded the capacities over requirements for the raw 

 
Page 6 of 21 
material has gone up. The WIP portion has also increased because of the capacity. At the 
same time what was done over our top line has also increased. So, because of all these 
factors that has been significant increase in working capital and mainly at the inventory level 
and going forward, the base has already been made. So, it will improve in coming days. It will 
not increase further. 
Aman Vij: 
On receivable sir. 
Ankit Patel: 
Yeah the same way because the sales moment sales goes up the receivable also goes up and 
typically in the Agrochemicals market there is a credit policy. So, yes, the receivable cycle has 
also gone up. 
Management: 
Just to add what Ankit said because you know due to global chain disruption. So, there is 
increase in cycle time on both ends. So, the raw material side also and finished goods also so 
in our sale where the CIF sale is there stock targets inventory goes up so that is also one 
sector which says increase inventory. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Veera from Abakkus. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Veera: 
Just wanted to understand like you made a comment that there was some kind of a price 
increase which has helped in creating the delta you know. So, what if the price normalizes. 
Will we continue with the 800 Crores, or it will sharply come off like again, it will be back to 
Rs. 700-750 crores of top line quarterly. 
Ankit Patel: 
Rahul definitely global situation if we see that every company for every raw material, we are 
seeing the new levels currently. It has gone up drastically in basic chemicals be it every other 
commodities and if at all it will comes down, then it will not go to the original level everything 
will have a new base now. Be it a logistic cause, be it a utility cause, be it a raw material. So, 
we don't see that drastically It should go down. At the same time in the near future, we don't 
see the things going back to normal very soon. So, it will be there for quite some time. At the 
same time, our own growth into the new projects will also drive a good amount of growth. 
So, we don't see the things going down. 
Rahul Veera: 
Right. So, this new MPP plant that we are talking about it is coming in June. Is that correct? Or 
is there some delay?. 
Ankit Patel: 
We hope to commission the plant by end of Q2 FY23. So, we hope that by September we 
should be able to commercialize. 
Rahul Veera: 
So, H2 FY23 the Titanium Dioxide capacity plus MPP Plant show growth. Is that correct? 

 
Page 7 of 21 
Ankit Patel: 
Yeah, so Titanium dioxide, Kilburn Plant we hope to commission first phase by December. So, 
we'll have probably Q4 for the Kilburn Chemicals that is Titanium Dioxide for the agro 
chemicals I think we should have nearly four to five months’ time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hemant Gupta with Navich Data Analytics. 
Please go ahead 
Hemant Gupta: 
Sir first of all congratulations for excellent results. And my questions are regarding backward 
integration in last concall. Ankit ji you mentioned that we are trying to get backward 
integrated in most of the key products. I mean you mentioned probably apart from one or 
two backward integrated, so I just want to understand where we stand on that and in the 
similar question like that new products if we are coming up in agro chemical are would 
backward integrity in that. 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes, for the majority of our current products we are already backward integrated. And yes, 
the moment I mentioned in my last con call that we will be further backward integrated that 
is the purpose that in the new project which we are doing about 300 Crore plus CAPEX in the 
agro chemical division. The product which we are bringing I would say majority of the 
products we are coming with about five products. Out of five products, four products we are 
going to be backward integrated. 
Hemant Gupta: 
Thats excellent sir thank you very much and the another question is just to understand once 
we say that we are backward integrated, would that bring benefit in terms of supply shorts. Is 
it some cost benefit also effective to us. 
Ankit Patel: 
Definitely the cost point of view. It should help, but apart from the cost we look at it from the 
sustainable business growth point of view. Because we are more into exports business our 
customers always look at Meghmani as how sustainable we are. Because, if we are 
dependent on somebody else, or let's say China then my customers in the overseas market 
will not like it. So, to have a strong fundamental growth and base, we have to be backward 
integrated that helps in the future growth plan and definitely to some extent it definitely 
helps in the costing also. 
Hemant Gupta: 
Thank you Ankit ji my last question to you like with specific pesticide products case you can 
tell, which is still not backward integrate from pesticides perspective. 
Ankit Patel: 
I would say you know the products where we don't have a significant volume or if we are 
targeting from the Indian market perspective and then there are chances if we don’t have 
bigger volume we don't go for the backward integration. But for the products where we have 
a big volume and long term planning we always go for the backward integration. So, I would 
say today, more than 85% of our Agrochemical revenue is a backward integrator. 

 
Page 8 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you, the next question is from the line of Dr. Amit Vora. From the Homeopathic Clinic. 
Please go ahead sir. 
Dr. Amit Vora: 
My question is that Pigment side. The margins of FY21 were 18.1% and FY 22 is 9.3%. So, do 
you see margins improving on the Pigment side further as still 9.3% is almost 50% less than 
eight 18.1% of FY21 on the pigment side. 
Ankit Patel: 
The thing is, you know the pigment, typically Phthalocyanine based Pigment where we are 
present. Typically the margin varies in the range of 12 to 14%. Last year was one of its kind 
where the market conditions were is very, very favorable, raw material prices were very low, 
so the margin improves from in the range of about 12 to 13% it went up to 18% so at that 
time also we mentioned that this 18% is never sustainable. We are getting the market benefit 
in this situation. This year, yes, it has come down drastically because of the pressure in two 
areas in raw material as well as the logistic cost. That is major problem even in current 
situation, there is some pressure, because the heavy raw material price increase. We have 
been trying to pass it on to the customer and we are very confident that in the coming 
quarters it should improve. 
Dr. Amit Vora: 
Any idea to around what level it can come to 12% to 13% 
Ankit Patel: 
In this current situation is even more volatile than the last year. So, it is difficult to predict. 
But we have been very vigilant and continuously discussing with our customers and about the 
cost increase is about the raw material price increase. And we have been doing quarter-on-
quarter. So, it may take one or two quarters more but in the long run it will come back to 
normal level. 
Dr. Amit Vora: 
Okay. one more question. sir, you have said that our revenue might double by 2025. So, Rs. 
2,500 crores in current year to around Rs. 5,000 crores in 2025 So, just a roadmap of what 
products how much from pigment division, how much from agro chemical division, do you 
see in 2025. 
Ankit Patel: 
I'm sorry, you know, I clarified to in the first question also, I'm clarifying again, that you know, 
in the FY2021 We were at about Rs. 1,500 Crore. At that time we come up with a three years 
vision that in the three years will be doubling our topline from Rs. 1,500 crore to Rs. 3,000 
crore and we started doing various project in that line and we are also very much committed 
to achieve the Rs. 3000 crore top line before FY24. Looking at this year's number it looks that 
we should be able to do it much more in advance and that would be our target. So, once we 
achieve Rs. 3,000 crores plus top line after that will be again announcing our three more 
years vision where we will be reaching both in Agrochemicals as well as in pigment. 
Dr. Amit Vora: 
Okay, did I miss year that the revenue will double by mid-2025. 

 
Page 9 of 21 
Ankit Patel: 
No that was miscommunicated by me so I'm correcting it. 
Dr. Amit Vora: 
Okay, any risk and any foreseeable risk in both the Agrochemical and Pigments section. Do 
you see. 
Ankit Patel: 
There has been some pressure in terms of raw material price increase volatility because of 
the global situation and it has been very challenging coming days and times are very 
challenging. But we like it and it gives us the challenging time helps to improve your 
performance. So, we keep on working on that and improvise our performance. So, let's see 
how we go further. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, the next question is from the line of Yogansh Jeswani from Mittal Analytics. Please 
go ahead sir. 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Sir, two questions on Titanium Dioxide business that we are proposing to start. So, I think 
Kilburn Capacity has shared for very long time. Are we facing any issues in streamlining the 
production of what is the kind of response that you are getting in setting up of plant. any 
progress that would be appreciated. 
Ankit Patel: 
Yeah so definitely we acquired this asset Kilburn Chemical, it was not running. So, once the 
chemical plant is not under operation if you want to restart there are some challenges. At the 
same time, we need to take all the government approvals again because we acquired it from 
the NCLT. So, we are taking all the approvals again, certain approvals were already available, 
but we are already doing along with the first phase we are doing Capex for the second phase 
also. So, whatever remaining approvals are also there we are taking all those approvals. We 
want to have the plant as per the Meghmani standards. Current plant was not as per our 
standards so, it will take some time to upgrade it and bring it to the operation 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Okay sir once you start the production from there what is utilization that you are expecting 
post commercialization. 
Ankit Patel: 
There is some disturbance can you repeat your question? 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
I think the time of starting the commercial production. What is kind of utilization your 
expecting in the Q3 or Q4 that we start. 
Ankit Patel: 
Yeah. So, when we start in the Q4, Q3 we plan to commission the Plant. So, initially the 
utilization is going to be challenging, but for the first year we expect that we should be able to 
utilize between 55 to 60% and later on we have a target to go above 80%. 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Okay understood, sir there was also an announcement by running a loop trying to set up 
another Titanium Dioxide Plant. So, any one process from you how you look at this 
competition, you'll see there is enough place in the Indian market for another player to come 

 
Page 10 of 21 
in, especially when we are doubling our capacity and there is enough capacity globally, which 
is also get into Indian markets. How do you look at this new competition given the fact that 
Adani is very aggressive whenever they are 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes, we also got that Adani is planning to enter into Titanium Dioxide and definitely we are 
nowhere near to Adani. They are very large conglomerate and the kind of Capex on the 
product they will be coming up with we don't know as of now, but the information what we 
have currently that they are coming with a petrochemical complex, where they will be 
putting up the PVC caustic chlorine everything in Mundra and sometimes what happens to 
they want to have integrated campus. So, to utilize the chlorine or some other commodity 
they might be putting up a Titanium Dioxide Plant. But when they are planning to put a plant 
from the zero level, so I think it will take at least three to four years’ time for them to enter. 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
There is no other asset like Kilburn available in the market or is there still any other asset 
available. 
Ankit Patel: 
See there are two-three other plants which are in South India, Kerela mineral, Tuticorin 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
I think the two plants that you mention are fairly operational right. I think something like 
Kilburn which is available on the block for sale. Is there any other asset in India now  
Ankit Patel: 
Titanium dioxide you mean to say. No, as of now apart from this there is no other asset 
available for Titanium dioxide.  
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Okay just the two other companies which you mention right. 
Ankit Patel: 
Yeah, at the same time, the Adani which you have mentioned, they are coming into not 
exactly Titanium Dioxide, but they are coming Titanium Slack. So, my assumption is they may 
go for a Titanium metal in the long term from Titanium Slack. 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Okay, but then again that are three or four years down the line so we still have time to figure 
out. 
Ankit Patel: 
Yeah, definitely. 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Sir overall you did mention about the Pigment business having faced some challenges so 
going forward how do you look at the industry standing out. Do you still cease this pressure 
and pain to continue for say next year or so or do you demand coming back and where 
exactly you seeing this pressure coming from is it lack of demand or is it there some new 
capacities which are pushing in the market? 
Ankit Patel: 
The major pressure is because of the input cost which is raw material like urea, phthalic 
anhydride, copper sulfate and everything and prices of this raw material have increased 

 
Page 11 of 21 
drastically and it is not coming down in the near term so that is one of the major factor. At 
the same time when we try to increase the price of the segment beyond certain limits very 
significantly then the demand gets impacted because the customer cannot absorb that kind 
of price increase. So, this is the transition phase slowly, gradually the industry is trying to pass 
on the price increase to the customer and so it will take some time maybe one or two 
quarters, but in the long run we are very confident that it will go back to the normal margin 
like earlier days. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manan Shah from Moneybee Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Manan Shah: 
I just had one question there was a news in some Gujarati newspaper regarding some penalty 
on our company for disposal toxic waste or something, in you can research somewhere in 
February if I can recollect, so can you update what was this regarding and have we provided 
for this penalty and any further action that has been taken against our company? 
Ankit Patel: 
It was not just against one company it was for the whole industrial area for various 
companies and industry all put together as an association they have gone to the ministry as 
well as to the pollution control board this was regarding what happens typically if I give you 
little bit more in detail idea during the monsoon time industries are not allowed to dispose 
off the solid waste because of the monsoon. The solid waste disposal site remains closed for 
four months. So, nobody is allowed to dispose it off. So, you have to store it in your factory 
properly. Last year what happened the rain got elongated little bit during the end season. So, 
the solid waste site remained close instead of four months they were close for almost 6 
months. So, the accumulation at all the factories even apart from Meghmani also the 
accumulation took place in every company plant and everyone was talking that please restart 
this site so that we can dispose it off properly and during the same time they visited and they 
saw that there is a lot of solid waste accumulation and without any reasoning they started 
penalizing everyone and there has been strong representation made by the industry to the 
ministry as well as to the government department and they have considered it. So, far 
nobody has paid even a single rupee and it is not going to happen in near future if at all we 
need to fight in the court then we will fight, but as a legal point of view every company is in 
the safe mode nothing to worry.  
Participant: 
Secondly on the titanium dioxide we were earlier planning to commission this plant by end of 
Q2 now it seems there is a delay of another 3 months, so any specific reason for this? 
Ankit Patel: 
No we announce Q3 only from the first phase only we said that we will be commercializing 
the plant in the Q3 of FY23.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amar More from Alfa Equity Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Page 12 of 21 
Amar More: 
Couple of questions, number one is it like in the whole year as a whole you would be having 
like 50% kind of volume growth in the agro chemical and around about 20% kind of volume 
growth in the pigment business, is this a right number? 
Ankit Patel: 
That is correct it is the right number. So, when we compare it with the previous year there 
are two factors what has happened in the previous year because of the COVID beginning it 
was a proper COVID year at that time the plant utilization was less which has gone back to 
the earlier level. At the same time we also expanded the capacities so that also has in the 
volume growth.  
Amar More: 
I believe in the agro chemical , the 50% volume growth, bulk of the volume growth would also 
come from your new foot to 2,4-D expansion? 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes. 
Amar More: 
As you indicated that 2,4-D expansion and utilization was basically very fast then your 
expected timeline now the next CAPEX which you are talking about into the MPP this would 
be around something around 1,600 to 1,700 metric ton kind of a capacity again? 
Ankit Patel: 
the capacity for the new plant you are talking about? 
Amar More: 
Yeah MPP plant? 
Ankit Patel: 
MPP plant capacities so far we have not announced in the market. So, we would like to 
announce it when we are commercializing the plant along with the product names.  
Amar More: 
So, what I was trying to understand like 2,4-D despite being a new product we have been able 
to utilize the plant at a very early timeline. Secondly now this the new CAPEX which you are 
doing is more of a unique kind of a CAPEX, so should we expect that by FY24 you should be 
able to utilize like 70% to 75% of your plant? 
Ankit Patel: 
Because 2,4-D we were there in the market since last 10 years we already had some capacity. 
Agrochemical is a registration oriented business. So, you need to have a registration of the 
product and in various market more the registration more the customer base, more the 
product you can sell. So, because of our 10 years of experience of 2,4-D we were having a 
reasonable amount of the registration in various markets. So, the moment we expand in the 
capacity we were sure that we should be able to cater to all our customer with the new 
registration base and that is what has happened in the case of 2,4-D. Now with the new 
product line which we are coming in the multipurpose plant over there these products are 
completely new for us as well as these are relatively high value products. So, normally what 
happens this company other company what they do want they put up the plant then they 
generate the data then they do the registration. So, even after putting up the plant utilization 

 
Page 13 of 21 
does not happen at very fast level. In case of Meghmani we started doing it parallelly while 
putting up the plant we parallelly generated the data, we already submitted in various market 
to obtain the registration and we are confident that we should be able to utilize the plant at 
the fair capacity in the coming days time, but it will not ramp up as fast as 2,4-D capacity it 
will take some time for sure because these are new products.  
Amar More: 
So, normal tenure you are saying is three years? 
Ankit Patel: 
Correct. 
Amar More: 
So, first year as you said that 50%, 55%, second year would be around 65% to 70% and then 
reaching to the 80%, 85% capacity? 
Ankit Patel: 
Correct. 
Amar More: 
Secondly, you know in terms of your margins I believe in this quarter you had also seen a 
good amount of price increase both in your agro and pigment business on a year-over-year 
basis, so this kind of margin is now likely to sustain going forward.  I am saying Q4 exit margin 
of agrochemical and you will see some improvement in the pigment business again so this 
kind of margin at 18% kind of a level at a consolidated number is sustainable now? 
Ankit Patel: 
If we just go by quarter-to-quarter then it would be difficult because what has happened that 
the Russia, Ukraine situation at the same time the China again COVID wave situation all these 
came in the end of Q4  March was a peak for the war kind of situation where the commodity 
prices have started going up be it crude, coal, natural gas . So, the impact of this all the raw 
material and everything has started coming up in the Q1. So, it is going to be difficult to have 
or to maintain that kind of margin in the Q1, but yes as a year as a whole we will try to regain 
because we are very hopeful that this kind of situation may not last long. So, on an average it 
should be better, but if you look at immediately Q1 may be difficult. 
Amar More: 
I believe your other income in this whole year had come up at around Rs. 96, 97 crore and 
out of that what kind of the normal run rate we should assume for FY23? 
Ankit Patel: 
Out of this Rs. 96 crore there were some one time entries were there I would say about Rs.25 
to 26 crores where the one time entries were there apart from that there was big gain which 
was FOREX gain because of our export exposure and our export is always going to be there. If 
dollar keeps appreciating then there will be margins and there will be other income for sure 
because of that. So, you can consider out of Rs. 96 crore at least Rs. 26 crore were one of its 
kind situation which is not permanent otherwise Rs. 70 crore was more or less mainly 
because of the export and other factors.  

 
Page 14 of 21 
Amar More: 
And out of that like you said Rs. 26 crore is one off and out of that remaining how much could 
be the FOREX gain? 
Ankit Patel: 
Rs. 45 crore was the FOREX gain. Excluding the dividend actually this is on RPS. 
Amar More: 
That you are saying is the dollar appreciate that will come I mean this is the rupee dollar 
gain? 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes you can say that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you .The next question is from the line of Alisha from Envision Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Alisha: 
Firstly I just wanted to understand in the pigment segment we are at about 90% capacity 
utilization is this the peak or is there scope for us to grow in FY23 also for volume growth? 
Ankit Patel: 
For the pigment green and pigment blue we already had good capacity utilizations. So, there 
is not much scope so that is why for the pigment division growth point of view the major 
growth will come from the titanium dioxide segment. 
Alisha: 
Which will come on stream from H2 of FY23? 
Ankit Patel: 
Correct. 
Alisha: 
And in the agrochemical business at 80% that is obviously scope for us to continue volume 
growth till the MPP plant comes? 
Ankit Patel: 
Yeah definitely and at the same time we also keep on doing small, small debottlenecking in 
the agrochemical plant. So, that helps in increase in the production at the same time the 
major growth will come from the new plant for sure. 
Alisha: 
And what is the CAPEX were doing for the MPP plant? 
Ankit Patel: 
Approximately Rs. 310 crore. 
Alisha: 
Which will also come towards the end of this year and what is the kind of asset you were 
expecting on this plant? 
Ankit Patel: 
On the full year of operation basis we should be able to generate revenue of close to Rs. 600 
crore plus. 
Alisha: 
And just a clarification the volume growth in the agrochemical segment was mentioned as 
30% or 50%? 

 
Page 15 of 21 
Ankit Patel: 
It was 50%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hemant Gupta from Naviz Data Analytics. 
Please go ahead. 
Hemant Gupta: 
Just want to understand little bit around bio pesticides, I mean the country in which we 
export do you see bio pesticide as a sort of a challenge to us from the industry perspective, 
do we see ourselves going into that direction anytime soon? 
Ankit Patel: 
Bio pesticide I would say the market compared to the conventional pesticide, synthetic 
pesticide is very small. It is a good thing like if we compare in pharma like what we have 
homeopathy versus Allopathic. So, you see the similarly the market will always remain big for 
this segment our side of the product, but yes the bio pesticide market will also grow. As of 
now currently I would say there are many players in the market, but not all of them are 
regulated player. There are lot of irregularities into bio pesticide by adding conventional 
product they sell in the name of bio pesticide so it unnecessary spoils the name of the agro 
chemical industry. So, the moment the government makes it regularize at that time it will be 
more matter and that is what government is working on. As of now we are not thinking in a 
big way into bio pesticides we are not at all there, but maybe in future if the things are good 
we can think of entering into it, but as of now no. 
Hemant Gupta: 
Just one more small question in terms of there is lot of talk about some pesticide brand 
etcetera across the world, do you see ourselves getting affected in near future in one or two 
year timeline by end user to proposed them around face-to-face? 
Ankit Patel: 
So, definitely lot of products is getting banned globally in different market probably in India. 
As a Meghmani this products are getting banned based on the toxicity. So, there are toxicity 
triangles. So, the red triangle products are the most toxic product. As Meghmani we are not 
manufacturing a single red triangle product. We do not sell a single kg of red triangle basket. 
So, we were having few products, but in the year of 2018-2019 we discontinued all of them. 
So, as of now we do not have any revenue coming from the red triangle product so that is the 
biggest advantage. Second thing the pyrethroid range of product what we are manufacturing 
are relatively safe insecticides where we have a sizable business and we do not see any 
problem coming in our current basket so there is not any issue.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hemant from Rajeshwar Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Hemant: 
In the last conference call you had mentioned that you are looking forward to announce one 
more round of CAPEX for your Agrochem division, so any update on that sir? 

 
Page 16 of 21 
Ankit Patel: 
Definitely we are already working on it. Our plan is the moment we commercialize the first 
phase of multipurpose plant at the same time we would like to start with the second phase of 
expansion. So, the detailing is going on we hope the board approval in the coming days’ time. 
So, I hope that probably in the first quarter concall and maybe after that we should be able to 
announce that.  
Hemant: 
And sir this Rs. 16 crores dividend which was about to be received from Meghmani Finechem, 
so is it accounted in the other income this quarter or is it yet to be received or accounted for 
the next quarter? 
Ankit Patel: 
We have done the provision so it is as a part of other income so we are yet to receive it.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Navneet Bhaiya an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Navneet Bhaiya: 
Sir you have added about Rs. 350 crores of gross block in FY22 I believe of that Rs. 130 odd 
crores is to all the Kilburn Chemicals Plant that you have taken over, can you give details of 
the remaining, is it pertaining to the new chemical Agrochem complex that you are building 
which is expected to come in Q2? 
Ankit Patel: 
That is correct. 
Navneet Bhaiya: 
What is the remaining CAPEX lined up for FY23 as in what is the total amount you are 
expected to spend of the announced projects? 
Ankit Patel: 
So, even in this FY23 also we will be doing a CAPEX the remaining CAPEX which is left for the 
agrochemical complex that we will be completing in this financial year. Apart from that some 
small routine CAPEX we will be doing in our existing plants where we will be upgrading the 
facility where we will be putting up some facilities to improve the safety environment norms 
and everything, ongoing projects will be there worth about Rs. 65 crore. So, approximately 
Rs. 300 crore worth of CAPEX will be there in the Meghmani Organics Limited apart from that 
we will be doing the CAPEX into Kilburn Chemicals also.  
Navneet Bhaiya: 
So, a total consolidated CAPEX of about Rs. 400 crores, 500 crores for the year? 
Ankit Patel: 
Approximately 450 crores.  
Navneet Bhaiya: 
And your EBITDA for this year was about Rs. 370 odd crores, so we are looking to maintain 
our debt level if we can maintain our EBITDA or do you see it decreasing or increasing over 
the year? 

 
Page 17 of 21 
Ankit Patel: 
Yeah definitely our aspiration would be to increase the EBITDA and the way we will be 
growing in top line the EBITDA will also improve and on an average EBITDA margin will be in 
more or less same range.  
Navneet Bhaiya: 
I was talking about the debt level sir so we are at about? 
Ankit Patel: 
Definitely for the Kilburn projects we will be taking some debt and also for the existing, but as 
we have mentioned that we will be maintaining the debt to equity in the range of nearly 0.5. 
We will try to maintain it more or less in that range.  
Navneet Bhaiya: 
When can we expect you to come out with your new guidance because Rs. 3,000 crores is not 
very far of where we are already I totally appreciate your points on the price fluctuation and 
everything, but do you expect to come out with a fresh guidance in the next couple of 
quarters or something like that? 
Ankit Patel: 
Definitely we would like to announce it by the next year for sure maybe we should be doing it 
in this year onwards whenever we will get a chance maybe in next two or three quarters we 
should be able to announce it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Vij from Astute Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Aman Vij: 
My question is on this we have talked about you are getting to get this responsible care in 
FY23, so any firm target in terms of which quarter are we targeting this? 
Ankit Patel: 
The work is going on already and normally they come for the inspection that did not come for 
the inspection. We hope that will be visiting probably in the third quarter of this financial year 
and if they will find everything okay then we should have it by end of this financial year.  
Aman Vij: 
And if we get this what kind of additional benefits do you think we can get are there any 
geographies or companies which only accept responsible care products so if you can talk little 
bit about the same? 
Ankit Patel: 
Definitely it is a very prestigious certificate and moment you have it, it shows the 
responsibility of the company towards environment, health, safety for their employee for the 
society everyone. Globally the big companies and your customer base take it very positively 
at the same time the SEBI has come up with a ESG guidelines that first 1,000 companies listed 
in India has to do ESG compliance and they have to do the ESG reporting. So, this responsible 
care is one of its path for the ESG. So, we were not knowing that SEBI is coming with such 
kind of guidelines, but this RC approval will help in a big way for the ESG certification also.  

 
Page 18 of 21 
Aman Vij: 
I was talking about ZLD and there were lot of issues in say other chemical companies in this 
agrochem space in the last couple of quarters, so what are we doing to avoid such kind of 
issue with our number? 
Ankit Patel: 
See frankly speaking scientifically we people talk very good things about ZLD zero liquid 
discharge, but we have been discussing with the pollution control board, with the ministry of 
environment and forest and that has been scientifically improve that if you want to make a 
zero liquid discharge practically there is nothing called zero liquid discharge and if at all you 
do zero liquid discharge then the cost is very high and apart from the cost you are converting 
one pollution into other pollution. What is zero liquid discharge? It is basically let us say the 
water affluent you vaporize it you burn it. So, to do that you need to have a steam or you 
need to have a power so that will be again you will be generating from the coal. So, you will 
be converting one pollution into other pollution. At the same time while burning the water 
you will have some residue at the end that will be the solid waste. You need to again dispose 
it off. So, it is basically converting one affluent into another affluent you cannot make it zero 
it is not possible. If you burn it then there will be air pollution. So, that has scientifically been 
as a Meghmani we have already been doing it whatever best possible we do it, we call it 
water conservation policy you cannot make it zero, but you need to keep on improving it by 
reducing the water consumption, by recycling it and that is what every year we submit it to 
the different departments. 
Aman Vij: 
On the contract manufacturing side if you can talk about what were the contribution in FY22 
and are we targeting to make this segment big? 
Ankit Patel: 
As a Meghmani we are not a pure contract manufacturing company reason is we are already 
there one our own into various markets. So, in a way we are already competing with certain 
companies so they do not come to us for the contract manufacturing, but with the kind of the 
assets we are coming up with and lot of companies are looking at the China plus one strategy 
they want to have the good asset available in India market. So, there could be good 
opportunities in the coming days with our new CAPEX which we are coming up with. 
Aman Vij: 
So, can you it become like 10%, 20% of our Agrochem revenue are we targeting something of 
that sort? 
Ankit Patel: 
I cannot comment more in that segment. We do win certain contract manufacturing, but I 
cannot disclose much information about it, but if there is such contract if we come up with 
any other business where we do not have confidentiality with our customer then we can 
disclose it.  
Aman Vij: 
Final question from my side so in the agrochemical sales Rs.1,700 odd crores, so if you 
remove the 2,4-D for sure what was the volume growth and value growth in rest of the 
business in agrochem? 

 
Page 19 of 21 
Ankit Patel: 
I need to calculate that because I have not calculated it separately apart from 2,4-D  
Aman Vij: 
If we can talk about pyrethroid group how much was the volume growth for the group? 
Ankit Patel: 
Volume growth for the agrochemical right so it was about 50%. 
Aman Vij: 
Agrochem numbers are there I am talking about this specific group in pyrethroid group? 
Ankit Patel: 
So, that is what I am saying I have it the complete group number so I have to calculate it 
separately apart from the 2, 4-D what is the actual growth. So, about 10% to 15%. 
Aman Vij: 
So, it will be similar broadly? 
Ankit Patel: 
Correct. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jayesh Shroff from Cask Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Jayesh Shroff: 
My question was pertaining to our investor in preference shares of Meghmani Finechem so 
this is real long-term investment I believe it is spread over more than 15 years, so we have an 
aggressive plan of growth CAPEX everything, so any thought process that we have in terms of 
monetizing this large investment that we have? 
Ankit Patel: 
I think when we did that it was for a very long-term perspective at the same time both the 
companies Meghmani Finechem is also having a good amount of CAPEX cycle. So, it will not 
happen immediately in near future, but I think internally we will discuss and once we have 
some plan we will be announcing for the interest of the existence.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amar More from Alpha Equity Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Amar More: 
So, when you see that the margin in this quarter was basically like not likely to sustain, but 
ideally this commodity inflation is there from last three, four quarters, but still you have been 
able to maintain a good healthy margin at least in the agro chemical side, so I am just trying 
to understand the historical trend is likely to sustain? 
Ankit Patel: 
We would like to maintain it, but I am just giving the scenario what is happening in the 
market. We have seen couple of other companies results also where the margins have been 
under pressure. So, we will always try to have a better margin that would be our aspiration 
and we will work towards that, but it is always we need to be little cautious so just giving 
some idea. 
Amar More: 
so are you saying the pressure is more from the synthetic pyrethroid chemistry? 

 
Page 20 of 21 
Ankit Patel: 
I am not saying this product wise, but in general if we talk in general situation where the basic 
commodity prices have gone up drastically, the solvents prices have gone up drastically and 
situations are not improving in near future. Initially when the Russia, Ukraine war kind of 
situation was there so there was a prediction that the situation will become normal very 
soon, but only two months have been passed and nothing has been improving. So, looking at 
this situation the cost overall is keeping up at the same time we also try to pass it on to our 
customer base. So, that is the ongoing exercise so there may be some gap. So, that is why I 
said that on a long run it will be better as an average, but there may be a gap for about one or 
two quarters.  
Participant: 
But as a year as a whole like you close the year at a 15.1% kind of EBITDA margin even as a 
whole we will be like up right on the year over year basis? 
Ankit Patel: 
Definitely that would be our aspiration.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naresh Vaswani from Sameeksha Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Naresh Vaswani: 
Sir my question is in agrochemicals your capacity has increased by around 18,000 tons in FY22 
out of that 10,000 would be relating to 2,4-D capacity, can you tell me the remaining capacity 
which project has added that and second question is on the margins per kg or per ton margin 
of agrochemical segments so despite the cost are going up this year you have improved the 
per ton EBITDA, so what is driving that is this the product mix change or can you explain what 
has driven that? 
Ankit Patel: 
The first question you asked about the 2,4-D and the other product capacities the other 
product capacity where there has been increase is a pyrethroid segment and the second 
question you asked about the margin per kg. So, we do not calculate margin per kg as a 
basket of agrochemical, but from product-to-product it can vary. In this financial year the 
margin was better in certain products like 2,4-D the margins were better, some other 
products also the margins were better we changed some product mix. So, we always keep on 
doing that and we analyze the market well in advance wherever there is an opportunity we 
take the advantage of it, be it a raw material kind of situation, be it a market kind of situation 
and that is what in the volatile time if you sit idle then you will have a tough time, but if you 
be vigilant and keep the market trend then you can always take advantage of it and that is 
what we keep on doing.  
Naresh Vaswani: 
There was a formulation in capacity which also came this year, so what was the volume of 
that capacity? 
Ankit Patel: 
Again, the formulation capacity expansion we have done it from the long term perspective 
where we have a vision to expand our formulation business in a long run basis and we have 

 
Page 21 of 21 
added good amount of capacity. So, there the utilization might be low in this financial year, 
but by doing small CAPEX you can keep on doing the expansion.  
Naresh Vaswani: 
So, I was asking the capacity in what was the capacity which were added? 
Ankit Patel: 
About 13,500 tons.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krishna Agarwal from Niveshaay. Please go 
ahead. 
Krishna Agarwal: 
My question is that you mentioned about the group Organophosphate contribute about 10% 
of revenue and in that group the pesticide named Chlorpyrifos is being banned in many 
countries and in the banning list in India as well and I read it somewhere in the annual report 
that it contributes around 320% back in 2020 and also the group contributes around 10%, so 
do we see any threat from this seeing that banned in most of the countries are export 
oriented only? 
Ankit Patel: 
We have not just Chlorpyrifos in our basket. Chlorpyrifos is a very small in our basket we have 
Profenofos, Chlorpyrifos and some other small Organophosphate products in our baskets and 
Chlorpyrifos you rightly mentioned that it is having pressure in certain markets, but still it is 
widely used product in India in many more other market like US, Brazil, Argentina varies in 
the market. So, it is not going to be banned very soon and but at the same time as a 
Meghmani we are not expanding further into Organophosphate segment. It is being 10% as 
of now and the moment we will be heading other products this percentage as a file will go 
down slowly, gradually. We are not going to expand into Organophosphate in a big way. 
Krishna Agarwal: 
So, basically pyrethroid range will become even bigger than because the new products are 
going to be from the pyrethroid range only? 
Ankit Patel: 
Pyrethroid range as well as some other new range of products also.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit 
Patel CEO to make his closing comments.  
Ankit Patel: 
Thank you everyone for your valuable time and joining us for this conference call. Thank you 
very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Dickenson World that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
 
