 
                                                      
 
6 May 2022 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001      
Scrip Code: 500870 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Symbol: CASTROLIND                           
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of audio recording of the Post Earnings Call for 1Q FY 2022 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 read with Part A of Schedule III to the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the 
audio recording of the Company's post earnings call with analysts/investors held on 
Wednesday, 4 May 2022 is enclosed herewith. The same is available on the website 
of the Company.  
 
The transcript of the recording can be accessed on the following link: 
https://www.castrol.com/en_in/india/home/investors/information-for-shareholders.html 
under ‘INVESTOR CALL DETAILS’ 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thank You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Castrol India Limited 
 
 
 
Hemangi Ghag 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
HEMANGI 
YATEEN 
GHAG
Digitally signed by HEMANGI YATEEN GHAG 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=400055, 
st=MAHARASHTRA, l=MUMBAI, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=aac195dbdaec298aac135ee564
11932eca22efcf109568162c11b6e1cd75e10d, 
pseudonym=fea1e7cef6124de09cbca5e7d11f
6356, 
2.5.4.20=e1426ddbd666b2286c3c25e0ddb6f4
7311fc25336d93ea5c79eb134b33a3783a, 
email=HEMANGI.GHAG@BP.COM, 
cn=HEMANGI YATEEN GHAG 
Date: 2022.05.06 18:41:23 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Castrol India Limited Q1 FY22 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
May 4, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANDEEP SANGWAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. DEEPESH BAXI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER & WHOLE-
TIME DIRECTOR 
MR. APURVA DAGLI – COMMUNICATION COORDINATOR 
MS. BABITA CHETWANI – COMPLIANCE FINANCE ANALYST 
MS. DEBARATI BANERJEE – FINANCE ANALYST 
MS. HEMANGI GHAG – COMPANY SECRETARY & 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
MS. PRANITA AMONKAR – PA TO MD 
MS. REENA SHAH –INDIA COMPLIANCE MANAGER 
MS. RS SWARNALATHA –FINANCE ADVISOR 
MS. SASWATI PANIGRAHI – COMMUNICATIONS MANAGER 
MS. SWETHA BALAKRISHNAN – CURRENT GLOBAL 
MS. NILANJANA DEB 

 
Castrol India Limited 
May 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to our Q1 Earnings Conference Call for Castrol India Limited. 
Please note that all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and you can ask your 
questions after the presentation. If you need assistance during the call, please press '*' then '0' on 
your touchtone phone to reach the operator. 
We have with us Mr. Sandeep Sangwan – Managing Director, Castrol India Limited; and Mr. 
Deepesh Baxi – Chief Financial Officer and Whole Time Director, Castrol India Limited. 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Sandeep Sangwan. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I hope you and your 
family are doing well and are safe and healthy. We're pleased to share that Castrol India Limited 
has delivered strong performance in the first quarter ended 31st March 2022. I'd like to highlight 
once again that we follow the January to December period for our reporting and that's why we 
call it quarter 1 for us. 
In first quarter '22, CIL registered revenue from operations of Rs. 1,236 crores registering a 
growth of 9% compared to Rs. 1,139 crores in the first quarter of '21. Profit before tax for the 
quarter stood at Rs. 311 crores compared to Rs. 332 crores in first quarter of 2021. If I look at 
first quarter '22, it's one of the best quarters we've had with Castrol India delivering double-digit 
growth in volumes, revenues, gross profit and PBT making a significant growth over the 
previous quarter, which was October to December quarter, which was fourth quarter of last year. 
So, in all parameters, we've delivered double-digit growth. 
Our volumes were also higher versus pre-pandemic levels in 2019, indicating that our strategic 
market actions are working well. Despite a brief impact from the third wave of COVID-19 in 
January in the first fortnight, our business operations resumed normalcy and first quarter '22 
witnessed a good resurgence in demand. While inflationary and supply side pressures continue 
to be high, Castrol India was able to serve its customers' needs by leveraging its strong 
distribution networks and supplier relationships. May I please request people to go on mute if 
they're not commenting or ask any questions because there's some disturbance on the line. 
Now I invite Deepesh to take you through our numbers and financial performance. Deepesh, 
over to you. 
Deepesh Baxi: 
Thank you, Sandeep, and good afternoon to all. Let me share some key highlights from our 1Q 
2022 results for Castrol India Limited, which we announced on 2nd May. We reported strong 
financial performance in the first quarter. Our revenue from operations was Rs. 1,236 crores. 
This was up 9% from Rs. 1,139 crores in the first quarter of last year, which was 1Q 2021, and 
then we are up 13% on revenues from Rs. 1,091 crores in sequential quarter, which is the fourth 
quarter of 2021. 

 
Castrol India Limited 
May 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
As far as PBT is concerned, we delivered Rs. 311 crore this quarter. This was up 21% from Rs. 
257 crores in sequential quarter 4Q of 2021. However, it was a drop of 6% from Rs. 332 crores 
in the corresponding quarter of last year, which was the first quarter of 2021. With shortages in 
supplies of driveline products and overall category being soft in 1Q 2022 versus 1Q '21 plus 
some impact due to third wave of COVID in the first fortnight of Jan, our profit before tax for 
this quarter registered a slight drop of 6% compared to 1Q 2021. However, on an overall basis, 
we remain confident of our strong business fundamentals hence long-term profitable growth. 
Sandeep, I'll hand over back to you. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Thanks, Deepesh. Besides the financial performance, I'd like to draw your attention to some 
interesting business developments at our end. We continue to make strategic investments to 
leverage growth opportunities through independent workshops, premium branded products, and 
new formats such as Castrol auto service centers and Castrol express oil change outlets. Apart 
from investing in our brands, we are also strengthening in service, our service and maintenance 
offerings. Castrol express oil change is our new service on offer at Jio-bp mobility stations across 
India. 38 such outlets are currently operational across India offering swift and reliable oil change 
to 2-wheeler consumers on the go. We expanded our Castrol auto service network and now we 
have 116 multi-brand passenger car workshops in 50-plus cities across India. 
In addition to existing partnerships with 2 of the leading manufacturers of 4-wheeler electric 
vehicles in India; BYD or B-Y-D, which is a Chinese OEM, has approved the use of Castrol 
fluid for its first all-electric MPV in India. Further, Castrol India is exploring technology 
collaboration with some of the leading 2-wheeler EV manufacturers in India as they work on 
technology improvement, especially around battery cooling and battery management system 
around especially the higher end performance kind of bike segment or performance 2-wheeler 
segments because that's a challenge that they need to solve. 
With the transition to BS VI emission norms requiring refreshed offerings of lubricants with 
lower saps and thinner grades, Castrol has led the industry move towards BS VI compatible 
lubricants. Our new fully synthetic Castrol MAGNATEC range is designed for BS VI engines 
but is also backward compatible with many older applications. 
The new range is available in 4 variants and will help meet automotive OEMs recommendations 
for thinner grade lubricants. Each of the variants are based on Castrol's unique Dual Lock 
technology that reduces engine wear by 50%. We also recently concluded the fourth edition of 
our Castrol Super Mechanic Contest, which is India's largest mechanic skilling initiative aimed 
at upskilling Indian mechanics through a competitive national platform. The winners were 
felicitated by the Union Minister for Education, Skill development and Entrepreneurship, Shri 
Dharmendra Pradhan. The contest registered record participants from 140,000-plus mechanics 
across India. In partnership with the Automotive Skills Development Council, we created 
especially designed curriculum covering new aged vehicle diagnostics, digital tools for next 

 
Castrol India Limited 
May 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
generation vehicles and BS VI technology, et cetera. The master classes were attended by over 
24,000 mechanics across India. 
In the backdrop of the current geopolitical situation, the external environment will continue to 
remain volatile. In this scenario, we will continue to take necessary interventions to manage 
input costs well and also maximize spends, which support our brand building efforts. Lastly, 
while we've resumed business as usual operations with most of our employees back in offices, 
we are also cognizant of the recent rise in COVID cases in India. The management team at 
Castrol India Limited will continue to observe the external situation closely and respond with 
timely and appropriate actions as needed to safeguard our employees' health and safety and our 
business performance. 
On that note, I'd like to open the session for your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Tushar 
from Perpetuity Wealth Management. 
Tushar: 
Sir, my question is based on our EV lubricant and other oils portfolio. So, could you please delve 
a bit deeper into how many products we are offering, what is their purpose, their consumable 
and replacement cycles so that we can what is our recurring and replacement demand like? And 
my second question will be on the state of the cash reserves that the company is holding. Sir, 
given that we have a high dividend payout and in our current Indian -- according to our current 
Indian tax laws, won't dividend be a much more efficient option for all shareholders while also 
increasing the EPS of the share? It's like it will be a win-win for all. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Let me take the EV question and then I'll pass on to Deepesh to talk about cash reserves that we 
have on our balance sheet. As far as EVs are concerned, so let me reassure everybody I think 
India will continue to see a robust lubricant demand going into 2035s, 2040s because I think the 
penetration levels of personal mobility vehicles in India is still very low if I compare it to the 
likes of China, which are almost kind of getting to a developed level or the developing countries. 
So, there is a huge room for ownership penetration increase and that demand will not be fulfilled 
by EVs alone, okay? So, first of all, let me reassure you that we see a robust growth in internal 
combustion engines also going forward for another 15 years, another 20 years especially in the 
4-wheeler personal mobility space. Second is we have launched a global range of EV fluids 
called Castrol ON, which is also available to all our OEM partners in India because right now 
the vehicles haven't even started coming into the aftermarket because the volumes are so small. 
Let me just give you an example, okay? India sells about 18 million to 19 million 2-wheelers in 
a year, okay? Out of that currently the EV wheelers that we've sold are in the tune of, if you have 
a good month, 40,000, 50,000. So, I think there is enough headroom, but we also don't have our 
head in the sand. So, first of all, we are actively working with OEMs on EV fluids and there are 
3 kinds of EV fluids that go into EV vehicles. It can be transmission fluids; it can be coolants 
depending on the battery performance needs and the third area is greases. So, we're actively 
working with the largest OEMs and we currently supply to the largest car EV manufacturers in 

 
Castrol India Limited 
May 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
India EV fluids. And we also started technology partnerships on understanding the needs for EV 
2-wheelers. So, that's kind of the story on EVs. And with that, let me hand over to Deepesh to 
talk about the cash reserves. 
Deepesh Baxi: 
So, on the cash part, I'd like to address this in 2 or 3 ways. Firstly, whatever cash we have and 
it's growing and that's really good news, we are looking at how we can kind of increase the yield 
on the cash that we have through whatever investments and treasury portfolio that we currently 
deploy, right? So, constantly endeavor is to ensure that there is better yield. The second point is 
as far as the dividend payout is concerned, you're right. I mean always paying dividend is 
something which is rewarding for our shareholders and we have been consistently doing that 
over the last so many years. We're paying dividend of around Rs. 5.50 in '19, in '20 and our 
yields or the payout ratio is anything between 75% to 90%, right? And we have a policy, which 
is to ensure that good times, bad times, we will continue to pay that dividend and reward our 
shareholders, right? So, that's definitely something we look at. 
The third element is how do we sort of utilize this cash for growth and we can do it in couple of 
ways. One is you either invest in plants and expansion or you invest in growth projects. And 
Sandeep sort of shared some of the news around what we are doing in the service and 
maintenance. So, we have a tie-up with Jio-bp, we have put up Castrol quick lube centers, we're 
investing in Castrol auto services. And these are all organic ways of deploying our cash for 
CAPEX to make sure that there is a growth that gets in return for the volumes. So, that's the 
broad frame of how we are looking at cash. I mean we are constantly guided by the Board in 
terms of what options we can do and how we can push the boundaries on to rewarding our 
shareholders more and more. But rest assured, I mean we've been here for years and we've been 
making sure that we reward our shareholders. We'll continue to do so. We'll definitely make sure 
that that is done. 
Tushar: 
Ma’am, my question has actually not been answered. Sir, my question was not on how we are 
using our cash reserves, but why aren't we using the buyback option instead of dividend? 
Because if you look at our current market price, it's around Rr. 100 odd and a Rs. 5 dividend is 
a 5% yield and plus given the Indian taxation laws, won't it be much more efficient for all 
shareholders that you do buybacks instead of dividends? 
Deepesh Baxi: 
Okay. So, let me quickly answer that. Sorry, I didn't hear buyback in your comments, so 
apologies. So, buyback is always an option, right? But I would like to share that currently there 
is nothing around that that we are discussing. I was explaining the cash utilization from a point 
of view that there are a lot of opportunities that are available in the market to effectively utilize 
the cash as well. The decision to buyback also is dependent on what and how the Board decides, 
how the parent company decides. But as I said earlier, we are definitely looking into options on 
how best we could utilize the cash and reward the shareholders may not be buyback, but many 
other means. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Tiwari from Yes Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
Castrol India Limited 
May 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Nitin Tiwari: 
I was asking that my first question was a bookkeeping one. So, what's the volume for the quarter 
and the volume split if we can have between passenger cars, 2-wheelers, and other segments? 
So, that's the first one. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Deepesh, do you want to take that. The volumes -- how much is the volume and split between 
various segments? 
Deepesh Baxi: 
So, I'll just repeat myself. I think the volume for first quarter was about 59 million liters and 
personal mobility, which is bikes and cars is about 43% to 45%, CVO which is commercial 
vehicles is about 40% and the rest is industrial. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
That's really helpful. And my second question was more around the strategic direction that 
company is taking. Sir, as Sandeep mentioned in his initial comments that we still see a robust 
demand for lubricants for another decade, decade, and a half. So, what after that? One is that. 
And second question is even in the near term, are you strategically focusing more on say Tier 2, 
Tier 3 towns where the vehicle penetration is even lower than what we have perhaps in metro 
and as you know there the vehicle penetration would improve much faster than perhaps it could 
do in Metro. So, some comments on that would be very helpful. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So, Nitin, let me kind of try and answer your questions. I hope you can hear me. So, first of all, 
as far as strategically shift is concerned, absolutely right. I think we are a responsible company 
for our shareholders and we're looking at all the opportunities even like what does -- how does 
Castrol be in 2040 and beyond and 2050 and beyond when the electrification really picks up 
pace and what are the kind of areas we'll play in. 
And as a result of that, we are actively kind of looking at service and maintenance as one area 
where we start extending ourselves from products into products and services, okay, and that's 
why we spoke about the Castrol Lube Express and Castrol Auto Service because these are all 
formats that can in future turn to an EV kind of a maintenance ecosystem because we need to -- 
as a responsible company, we also want to make sure that the independent aftermarket becomes 
ready for EV vehicle’s needs. So, that's one area where a strategic shift is happening. 
And the second is I think we're looking at adjacencies also. So, I think you're all aware that we 
had a tie-up on car care range with 3M and in this year post pandemic in the last few months, 
we've extended that kind of product portfolio in the aftermarket space to 10-plus cities and I 
think that's given us good results. It's still in a pilot stage, but I think that's something that we'll 
keep continue building on. That's an area of adjacencies and we keep looking as Deepesh was 
saying any additional opportunities whether organic or inorganic. 
The third area we are looking at is as you rightly said, we're already the largest distributed brand 
in our category across India. We serve almost about 90,000 retail points. We serve more than 
30,000 independent workshops. And as retail penetration grows in Tier 2, Tier 3 towns, and even 
rural areas, that's actively kind of our focus area in terms of our presence and coverage. So, that's 
something that we will keep doing. 

 
Castrol India Limited 
May 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Narayan Selvamuphukumar, an individual investor. 
Narayan S: 
My question regarding, do we have any specific market share, market segment in the wind 
turbine segment, lubricant for wind turbine or anything like that? My second question regarding 
Castrol ON, how much market share has that available? Can we expect any product line this 
year regarding EV fluids? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
We do have wind applications. We work very closely with the likes of Vestas at a global level 
and we also work with the local wind manufacturers and operators. So, we have a very strong 
portfolio on wind products especially around wind sales and something called Optigear and the 
whole industry range on wind sector. As far as the market share is concerned, I think our market 
share is -- we have the largest market share in the retail segment in India in the automotive 
market upwards of about 20%-odd and whereas the second closest is almost ¼ of our kind of 
market share position. As far as EV fluids, I think I already answered that question. We have a 
range of products called Castrol ON and we almost work with 50% of the global OEMs. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Bora from Sharekhan. 
Abhijeet Bora: 
Sir, as you mentioned that the auto service centers are the key growth areas. So, are they 
contributing anything to the revenues or profitability currently? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So, let me take that. It's just kind of at a concepted. The idea is to give a value proposition to the 
consumers in the aftermarket space where they can get a quality service. As far as revenue 
models from that space are concerned, it's still kind of work in progress and I wouldn't like to 
comment on that. Our first intent was to kind of make sure that we are able to provide a quality 
service, which the consumers expect post warranty period and that's where the focus has been. 
Abhijeet Bora: 
And secondly, more on Jio-bp stations, sir. I understand that all these stations are operational 
currently where you have collaborations. But like are we seeing any kind of market share gain 
from this partnership? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes, absolutely. In a sense as far as the Jio-bp is concerned, we are the sole exclusive suppliers 
on Jio-bp fuel courts for lubricants. So, Castrol is the only brand and if you looked at some of 
the rebranded sites or even the old Reliance branding, all these sites are getting converted to Jio-
bp branding where Castrol is a prominent brand driving consumer traffic into the store and we 
definitely see contribution because it is a new channel for us. The retail sites were dominated or 
still are dominated by the national oil companies, but it's definitely a new channel expansion for 
us where we see value. And especially where we put in the lube express change centers, we see 
a multiplication in the footfall that we saw -- that we see on the fuel court and our lubricant sales 
because consumers get that oil change service for free while they buy a quality lubricant at the 
gas station and they also get a 10-point diagnostic check on their motorcycle or scooter as the 
case may be. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hemang Khanna from Kotak Securities. 

 
Castrol India Limited 
May 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Hemang Khanna: 
So, if you can just help us understand obviously crude prices are extremely volatile and we've 
seen a lot of that in the previous few months. If you could just help us understand how the raw 
material scenario is panning out obviously in this quarter on a blended basis. We did see some 
kind of moderation in the overall raw material costs. But if you could help us understand how 
the trend is looking at and what are current raw material prices? And I'll just continue with the 
follow-up post this. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So, Deepesh, do you want to take that question, please? 
Deepesh Baxi: 
So, I think as far as the crude price and therefore the base oil price, which is our key raw material 
input, continue to be volatile. First quarter 2021, we were looking at base oil in the range of Rs. 
600, Rs. 750 and we're now hovering in the range of about Rs. 900, Rs. 950. And given the way 
crude is behaving and developments in the geopolitical environment and supply issues, it looks 
like it will further go up. It could be in the range of plus Rs. 1,100 as well. So, that's the kind of 
volatility that is there in the range. 
There is one more element, which is apart from base oil additives, which is also another 
important raw material component that is for every lubricant company, that has also shown an 
increase. Almost it has increased by 15% to 20% in the last 1 year as well. So, I mean all of this 
is something we keep looking at as a management team, keep a more medium-term view and if 
required, we take action in the market. But also with our global relationship and local 
relationship with our suppliers where we have some term contracts as well, we try to optimize 
and take some trade-off decisions in terms of having the most effective cost as well. 
Hemang Khanna: 
And just to understand, sir, I think the peak pricing for base oils in the previous year reached to 
about Rs. 1,200. With the current construct of the overall supply/demand is, do we see us getting 
back to those kind of levels? I mean obviously crude has come off from $130 plus to close to 
$100 right now and obviously the Russian scenario, no one has a clear handle on that. But 
assuming things stay the way they are, do you see that we would go back to a Rs. 1,200 kind of 
handle? And in the event of that, in a previous call you sort of indicated that you have already 
taken the necessary pricing actions to maintain margins? How does the view on margins look in 
this kind of scenario? 
Deepesh Baxi: 
So, I mean it's very difficult to predict, right. One thing I would like to share with you is not 
always does the crude price and base oil price move hand in hand, there is a lag effect or a 
disassociation as well. So, while crude is coming down, we are seeing base oil going up, right? 
I mean best view you can actually give is only for a couple of months and as I said, it is looking 
like 1,100 plus for sure. But other elements of input costs like FOREX as we import about 60% 
to 70% oil as well, so that plays into the whole scheme of things. As far as margin is concerned, 
I think we always share that we take a more broader and strategic look to the pricing, so we were 
able to manage that. 
Our operating margins as a frame are in the percentage of 24% to 27%. That's what we want to 
operate in and we're continuously being able to do that. That just gives us a bit of a flex as well 

 
Castrol India Limited 
May 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
from a timing recovery of pricing also. But I don't see a major issue in terms of the drag on the 
margin. 
Hemang Khanna: 
Actually, my question was, I mean thanks for your input obviously, if we look at the past 4 
quarters, you'll have increased margins at a very healthy base from the lows of 22%, which was 
hit in the second quarter. So, coming into this quarter, you are at 25.7%, so definitely margins 
have improved at a very healthy pace. So, my question was, is this a fair kind of number to work 
with the 25%, 27% ballpark margin over the next couple of years? Is that a fair assessment for 
us to be looking at? 
Deepesh Baxi: 
Yes, I would say 24% to 27%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sami Sabnis, an individual investor. 
Sami Sabnis: 
I just joined 2 minutes late, so I'm not sure whether I missed out on this. Just wanted the volume 
numbers for this quarter. 
Deepesh Baxi: 
It's 59 million liters. 
Sami Sabnis: 
59 million liters, okay. And what is the price hike that has been taken in this quarter? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So, I think let me take that, Deepesh. I can talk about myself and whatever information is 
available in the public domain. So, we took a price increase, which was ranging anywhere from 
Rs. 12 to Rs. 20 kind of depending on the various product segments and stuff, but that's the 
ballpark number. 
Sami Sabnis: 
So, Rs. 12 to Rs. 20? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes, depending on the segment and the product categories. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mandar Pawar from Kotak Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Mandar Pawar: 
My question is as a follow-up to the previous question that Hemang asked and your reply to that 
given the volatility that is in the base oil prices. Sir, wanted to check how your working capital 
is being handled in the sense because of the uncertainty, which is prevailing with of tonnage, in 
tonnage term if there is an increase or decrease that the way you are managing it? And just as a 
bookkeeping, can you also give number on the cash flow from operations that were generated 
for the first quarter? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Deepesh, over to you. 
Deepesh Baxi: 
I'll take that. So, in terms of the working capital management, I think we continue to be for the 
quarter into a negative working capital, right, which is good management of our working capital, 
I’m excluding cash out of that. I think we have taken quite a few steps both on the debtor side 

 
Castrol India Limited 
May 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
and the creditor side to ensure that we either do necessary prebuying in terms of the trade-offs 
that we do because we've been seeing the base oil and the other additives pricing going up. We've 
also signed. But at the same time given some liquidity crunch in the market, we have supported 
our partners with some enhanced limits to ensure that we support our distributors. So, that helps 
us obviously then as surety on collections as well. So, overall, I think from working point of 
view, we are in a good place. Our cash balance is in the range of Rs. 1,600 crores and we continue 
to be in the negative working capital up of Rs. 100 crores. 
Mandar Pawar: 
So, is there any increase in the inventory tonnage terms or it is maintained at similar levels? And 
the cash flow from operations, what would be that number in amount? 
Deepesh Baxi: 
So, increase in tonnage terms, you mean to say whether we have more inventory, is that what 
your question is in quantity terms? 
Mandar Pawar: 
Yes. 
Deepesh Baxi: 
No, not much. I think a few million liters and that was a tactical buy mainly to ensure that we 
prebuy the material to ensure. And by the way, quarter 2 is generally our best quarter as well, so 
we wanted to make sure that we have enough stock at the books. So, from a point of view, it's 
not a significant amount. It's a couple of million liters. And the other question, how much is the 
operating working capital? We've generated about Rs. 300 crores this quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhagyesh Kagalkar from HDFC Mutual Fund. 
Bhagyesh Kagalkar: 
Sir, I agree with the assessment that the conventional ICE oriented loading in the industry has a 
long way to go, 10 to 15 or even 20 years depending on other thing. The issue here is the 2 
wheelers may happen faster and it will take time for the personal wave. What do you feel is the 
market share and how many market share you can target? Because ultimately over about 15, 20 
years this market is shrinking. So, what is the market share we should target and at the expense 
of whom basically, the PSUs or the other players? So, what is happening on that front or is the 
company losing market share? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So, let me answer both the questions. So, first of all, I think you're absolutely right. The 
electrification in 2 wheelers will come much faster than the 4-wheelers, but there's a bit of 
compensation and I don't want to get into all kind of projection to start because what happens is 
if a 2-wheeler uses 1 liter of oil for a vehicle change, the car uses like 4 to 5 liters of oil for a 
lube change. So, I think as the cars penetration grows, there's that volume compensation also. 
But again, you are absolutely right that the electrification in 2 wheelers will come much faster. 
We're conscious of that and that's why we're working on incremental or additional revenue areas 
where we can start building for the future now rather than waiting for 10 years or 15 years and 
then start building for that. So, that's one question. Can you just repeat second part of your 
question? 

 
Castrol India Limited 
May 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Bhagyesh Kagalkar: 
Second part is what is the market share now and how much market share you target because if 
the market is going to shrink, whatever one may say, how much market share you can target? 
And to add to one more point, see even in CVs, there is an indirect disruption on from your side 
or your competitors that your drain intervals are increasing. So, what is the drain interval 
guaranteed by Castrol now for various products? If you can highlight that also, that will be fine. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So, as far as market share is concerned, I think we have an overall market share in the automotive 
aftermarket of about 20% plus, okay? And I think our intent is always to grow ahead of market 
and I think can we grow more than 20%? Definitely yes because we've grown shares in the last 
1 year. In 2021, we've grown our share by about more than 1% plus, okay. So, there is room to 
grow share. It's not that we've reached the peak of that. Where it comes from is we play in all 
segments of the market and kind of our intent is to keep serving consumers better quality 
products and better services. At the end of the day, that's what drives share. I think as far as an 
drain interval on CVs are concerned, I think there's a lot of development and BS VI vehicles 
have better performance, better drain intervals. But there are also other factors. So, drain interval 
is not the only factor. It has an impact on lubricant consumption. But on the other hand, the 
improvement in infrastructure improvement in highways and a lot of infrastructure activity 
taking place, that is creating additional demand for commercial vehicles and different kind of 
products. So, I think it's not a single factor that determines demand. It's a combination of factors 
that determine demand and we continue to see robust growth in the CV demand also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hemal, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Hemal: 
Most of my questions are answered. I just have one clarification that I wanted to have. When 
you give these base oil price, as I have understood, there are different qualities of base oil. So, 
are you saying g Castrol only using 1 type of base oil or are there wide varieties and each of your 
prices averaged out as Rs. 1100? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So, I think let me take that. There are different varieties of base oils and it also depends on the 
kind of product that you're manufacturing. If you’re manufacturing a synthetic product, then it 
requires a different quality and different standard of base oil. And if you're manufacturing a more 
lower-end lubricant which is mono-grade or a multi-grade non-synthetic product, that is a 
different base oil. So, when we talk about Rs. 1,100, Rs. 1,000, Rs. 900, Rs. 860, it's almost 
averaged out across product categories. So, it's the individual base oils could be very differently 
priced. 
Hemal: 
So, you're saying the ones that are used for industrials, the base oil prices may have not driven 
as that much as that is for the commercial vehicle? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Not necessary. The reason I say not necessary is because industrial lubricants also we sell very 
high-performance lubricants, something that we call HBF, which go into specific applications 
in the industrial sector especially around metalworking fluids and these are high quality 
products, which require a good quality base oil. 

 
Castrol India Limited 
May 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Hemal: 
And do the EBITDA margins remain quite consistent for industrial versus nonindustrial? I'm 
assuming they will be lower, right? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
I think we look at the business as a whole and Deepesh, maybe you want to comment. So, I think 
our intent is and that's something that Deepesh and I talk about is we want to keep our EBITDA 
margins for the whole business in the range of 24 to 27 kind of a range and how we play the 
portfolio game. So, Deepesh, anything you want to add? 
Deepesh Baxi: 
Yes. I just wanted to add that I think in response to your question, within the segments, personal 
mobility, commercial vehicles, industrial; obviously, they operate at different margins, right? 
However, as an organization, the range we want to keep it is 24% to 27%. Generally automotive 
grades will have higher margin and some of the other grade will have--. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Sorry, I just want to kind of go back to the previous question. I think there was a question around 
drain interval. The drain intervals also tend to be between 40,000 to 80,000 depending on the 
kind of truck, the kind of vehicle, the kind of work that they are performing. So, there's not a 
fixed number and we supply all ranges of products. I thought I'll just clarify that. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question, which is from the line of Nitin Tiwari from 
Yes Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
So, I was saying that the price increase that you spoke about Rs. 12 to Rs. 20 per liter, in that yet 
to flow through because your blended realization on per unit basis are actually lower on a 
sequential basis. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So, Nitin, typically what happens is when we announce a price increase, not everything starts 
flowing in the same month because trades are sitting on inventories and we also have inventories 
kind of old base stocks. So, typically it could take anywhere from 1 month to 3 months depending 
on which segment and which category you're talking about for the 100% price realization to flow 
through to the financials. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
So, it's like if the understanding is correct, so we are going to see a chunk of that improvement 
perhaps in this quarter in the June quarter when you close through. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Again, as I said, it's a very dynamic environment so the input cost also changing at the same 
time. It's not that like the input costs are static. So, the intent is, as Deepesh was saying, is to 
keep protecting our margin and keep improving the margin. I think that's the way we want to 
work at. Deepesh, I don't know if you want to add anything. 
Deepesh Baxi: 
No Sandeep, I think you've covered it. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
So, finally, just push on a little bit of clarification mode over here. So, if base oil prices remain 
where they are, they don't change much and the price increase that we have taken, is that 

 
Castrol India Limited 
May 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
sufficient to cover the increase in base oil price for the time being? Is that the right way of 
looking at it? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
We don't want to comment on future pricing actions or what we'll do. I think our intent is to give 
the best value to our customers and keep the price value equation in mind so that our consumers 
are willing to pay for the value that we're offering them and we have a pricing strategy. So, it's 
very difficult to say whether it covers or does not cover. I think we'll keep a watch on the 
environment and take action, as necessary. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as this was the last question for today, I now hand back the conference to 
Mr. Sandeep for closing remarks. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Thanks, Ritika. And sincere thanks to all the people who've participated in the analyst investor 
call and thanks for your questions, very insightful. I just want to kind of reassure our people on 
the call that as a company, I think we are very conscious of the input situation, the supply 
situation, the cost pressure. But our intent is to continue growing the top line, keep protecting 
the margins and deliver a healthy bottom line for our shareholders and that's something that we'll 
continue to do. We are also very conscious of continuing to invest in building our brands and 
also continuing to expand our business in lower tier towns. And I think we're also transitioning 
the company to be future ready and taking all the steps in that direction to make sure that Castrol 
is as resilient and as robust in a future electric world as it is today. So, thanks for joining the call 
and I wish you all a very safe and good period because I think this -- keep an eye on COVID 
cases as they have started rising in some of the pockets. So, please take due precaution and best 
wishes to everyone on the call and their families. Thank you. 
Deepesh Baxi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Castrol India Limited, I thank you for joining this call. You may now 
disconnect your lines. We wish you a good day ahead. 
