To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051. 
Date: 8th May, 2022 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Ref.: BSE Scrip Code No. “533138” 
Ref: “ASTEC” 
Subject:  Transcript of Conference Call with Investors & Analysts held on Tuesday, May 3, 2022 at 
3.30 p.m. 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Conference call of Astec LifeSciences Limited with the 
Investors and Analysts held on Tuesday, May 3, 2022 at 3.30 p.m.
This aforementioned information is also made available on the website of the Company i.e., 
www.astecls.com       
Kindly take note of the above. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Astec LifeSciences Limited 
Tejashree Pradhan 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(FCS 7167)  
TEJASHREE 
ROHAN 
PRADHAN
Digitally signed by TEJASHREE ROHAN PRADHAN 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=d7353bf95b7d8de2bb8a40acecbf3d366b9b54
7485e521d767e1a5353c31c3a0, postalCode=400606, 
st=MAHARASHTRA, 
serialNumber=cc444393f2150dc819f3d8164db345c555
b40cb184b6ae8611cda7b9d64587a7, cn=TEJASHREE 
ROHAN PRADHAN, l=THANE, 
pseudonym=22b31a79fb934b36b4be2e85835a9a14 
Date: 2022.05.10 18:22:53 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Astec LifeSciences Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 3, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. ANIRUDDHA JOSHI – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. NADIR B GODREJ – CHAIRMAN – GODREJ AGROVET 
LIMITED & ASTEC LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
MR. BALRAM YADAV – MANAGING DIRECTOR – GODREJ 
AGROVET LIMITED 
MR. S. VARADARAJ – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – GODREJ 
AGROVET LIMITED 
MR. ANURAG ROY – WHOLE – TIME DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ASTEC LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
MR. SAURAV BHALA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – ASTEC 
LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
MR. ADITYA DESAI – HEAD – INVESTOR RELATIONS - 
GODREJ AGROVET LIMITED 

Astec Lifesciences Limited 
May 03, 2022 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Astec LifeSciences Limited Q4 FY2022 
earnings conference call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. 
Thank you and over to you Mr. Joshi! 
 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Thanks, Nirav. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to Q4 FY2022 results 
conference call of Astec LifeSciences Limited, a subsidiary of Godrej Agrovet Limited. Now I 
hand over the call to Mr. Aditya Desai, Head of Investor Relations from Godrej Agrovet Limited 
as well as Astec. Thanks, and over to you Sir. 
 
Aditya Desai: 
Thanks, Aniruddha. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on the earnings call 
of Astec LifeSciences Limited for Q4 FY2022 and full year ended FY2022. We have with us 
today, Mr. Nadir Godrej, Chairman of Godrej Agrovet Limited and Astec LifeSciences Limited. 
From Godrej Agrovet Limited, we have with us, Mr. Balram Yadav, Managing Director and Mr. 
S. Varadaraj, Chief Financial Officer. From Astec LifeSciences Limited, we have, Mr. Anurag 
Roy, Whole – Time Director & Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Saurav Bhala, Chief Financial 
Officer. We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the Management, 
following which, we will have the forum open for an interactive question and answer session. 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today’s call may be 
forward looking in nature and actual results may differ from those expressed or implied. I would 
now like to invite Mr. Nadir Godrej to make the initial remarks. Over to you, Sir. 
 
Nadir B Godrej: 
Good day, everyone. I welcome you all to the earnings call of Astec LifeSciences. I hope you are 
doing well. The Financial Year FY2021-22 was the year of revival for the Indian economy from 
the COVID induced disruption. The country made rapid progress in vaccination and closed the 
year with a majority of the adult population vaccinated with both the doses. India’s GDP growth 
rebounded to an estimated 8.9% in fiscal year FY2021-22 from the contraction in the previous 
year. India’s merchandize exports reached a record high of $418 billion in fiscal year FY2021-22 
of 40% growth over the previous year. The agriculture and allied sectors have remained resilient 
throughout the COVID lead disruption and it is estimated to grow by 3.9% in fiscal year FY2021-
22 as per the latest estimates by the Central Statistical Office. At the same time, the international 
prices of multiple agricultural commodities, NHEL, agrochemical inputs have risen sharply 
during fiscal year FY2021-22. The significant increase in cost is being driven by supply chain 
disruption, a rebound in global demand and most recently uncertainties surrounding the Russian 
Ukraine conflict. The end product prices for most of our products have also increased 
significantly during the year while demand from the export market continues to remain strong. 
 
Now I will take through the financial performance and key developments of the Company during 
the Q4 and the full year ended March 2022. Astec delivered its best ever quarterly as well as annual 
performance till date. The growth in total income was phenomenal at 60.7% in Q4 and 22.1% in 

Astec Lifesciences Limited 
May 03, 2022 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
 
the full year 2022 over the corresponding previous period. The topline growth was strongly 
supported by margin improvement. The consolidated profit after tax grew 79.7% year-on-year in 
Q4 fiscal year FY2022 and 38.1% for the full year 2022 over the corresponding previous period. 
Robust topline performance in Q4 fiscal year FY2022 was driven by higher realization to the export 
market and good volume growth in contracting and manufacturing business. Exports more than 
doubled in Q4 fiscal year FY2022 growing by 127.3% year-on-year. The share of domestic 
business declined during the Quarter as we allotted more of the available capacity to fulfill our 
export commitment. For the full year 2022, the export business grew by 44.4% driven by both 
realizations as well as volume growth. Domestic sales were marginally up by 0.5% over the 
previous year. The gross profit margin improved to 40% in Q4 fiscal year FY2022 from 39% in 
Q4 fiscal year FY2021. For the full year FY2022, the gross profit improvement was substantial at 
447 basis points. This was driven by a combination of factors including product mix, higher sales 
price realization in some key products and backward integration benefits. EBITDA margin for Q4 
fiscal year FY2022 was 26.6% compared to 23.1% in Q4 fiscal year FY2021. For the full year, 
EBITDA margin was at 24.3% as compared to 21.5% in the previous year. Improvement in 
EBITDA margin was slightly constrained due to increase in other expenses on commencement of 
our new herbicide plant. During the year, Astec commissioned a new herbicide plant and started 
patch production of CMO products with satisfactory results. The construction of a new state of the 
art R&D Centre is on track and is expected to be completed this year. Astec launched two new 
CMO products and a new production process for an enterprise product during the year. For the 
next year, we will continue to work towards expanding the contract manufacturing business and 
also focus on diversification into other chemistries. We plan to launch two new contract 
manufacturing products. We are closely monitoring the fallout from the Russia Ukraine conflict 
and do not see any significant impact on our performance at this stage. While input raw material 
prices remain volatile, we expect our margins to sustain in the coming quarters and we believe that 
we will be able to successfully execute our fiscal year FY2023 profitability target. The 
agrochemical industry in India is expected to maintain double digit growth in the coming year as 
well largely driven by export. The macro environment for the sector remains conducive for rapid 
expansion of the sector. At Astec, we believe that we are well placed to capitalize on this 
opportunity. This concludes our business and financial performance updates for the Quarter and for 
the Year. With this, I end my opening remarks and we will be happy to take your questions. Thank 
you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the Question and Answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Aman Vora from Premier Capital Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Aman Vora: 
Thanks for the opportunity and many congratulations to the Management on a great performance. 
I like to let you know like we have been investors in the Company for the last five years and when 
we first invested, the total profit for the full year was about Rs.14 Crores to Rs.15 Crores and this 
Quarter, the Company has done a profit of Rs.40 Crores to Rs.45 Crores, so extremely proud of 
the Management and the work that you guys have done. I would also like to welcome Roy to the 
team. So, I had basically three to four basic questions. One was on the herbicide plant and the 
capex we had done. We had expected that it will take us almost 12 to 18 months for the full 
functioning of the plant to come through, so I just wanted any updates on that and how is the 
plant functioning now? 

Astec Lifesciences Limited 
May 03, 2022 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
 
Anurag Roy: 
This is Anurag Roy. A very good afternoon to you and thank you for your kind words. So, your 
question on herbicide plant, as you are aware, we commercialized our herbicide plant last year in 
June and July and as we move forward, for the herbicide plant in the first year we are expecting 
that we will be reaching almost 30% of the utilization. We have a very healthy pipeline of products 
coming into the herbicide plant and we expect to take it to almost 90% to 100% utilization in year 
three so as we get on to FY2023 we are expecting to take the utilization rates to almost 70%. 
 
Aman Vora: 
Right and as we get close to commissioning the R&D centre, I think it is planned in Q3 this year 
so like now could you brief us more on the strategy and what capabilities you are looking to build 
from the R&D centre and how the Management looks at that? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
Sure. Astec LifeSciences had come a long way as you also appreciated earlier. Over the last five 
to six years there was huge amount of work done in consolidating their existing product portfolio 
and as we stand today, the next 5 to 10 years for Astec LifeSciences, we are getting into the 
growth phase so in line with that growth phase our step one would be to put together the new R&D 
facility which the Management and the team had planned for the last 2 to 3 years so that is one of 
our priorities and focus area to have that facility up and running by end of this financial year or as 
early as September or October this year. So once that R&D centre is up and running, we will be 
able to establish our specific key technology platform. We will be able to put in lot more pipeline 
products into it which eventually we could commercialize and can give a big boost to our CDMO 
business as well as the existing triazole and enterprise business, so going forward R&D is a 
critical piece in our entire growth strategy and we are very excited to have that commissioned and 
come on board by the end of this year. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
Good afternoon, gentlemen. Congratulations on a great Quarter and thanks so much for taking 
my questions. I just had a couple of clarifications to seek. The first one was on a couple of 
numbers in the results. The other income seems a bit on the higher side this Quarter so just 
wondering what might have led to? Is there any one-off element in that? And also the capex for 
the full year was a bit on the lower side compared to my expectations. I was expecting it to be 
closer to between Rs.150 Crores and Rs.200 Crores so is project execution completely on track or 
are we lagging behind in any of the projects? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
I will ask Saurav to answer these two questions for you. 
 
Saurav Bhala: 
Thanks for the questions. On the question number one, regarding the other 
income for the current Quarter, you are right. There were some exceptional items in the current 
Quarter. First thing, our insurance claim for the loss of profit due to the March flood that got 
accounted in the current Quarter and also our foreign exchange gain. Since our hedging policy 
was much better in the current Quarter, so those two were the primary reasons of other income 
looking higher in the current quarter. To reply to your second question, capex, we are exactly as 
going ahead as per the internal plan. There is some slight delay in the R&D because of the change 
in the scope and other stuff, but overall capex remains as per the plan. 

Astec Lifesciences Limited 
May 03, 2022 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
Thank you. Before I ask the second one, just to clarify if you could just quantify the one-off items 
in the other income that would be helpful. 
 
Saurav Bhala: 
Insurance claim was about Rs.2 Crores and FX gain was about Rs.3 Crores. 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
Thank you and the second question I just had was as we look ahead into the FY2023, what are the 
key growth drivers that we envisage here? Obviously, the CRAMS projects go from say nearly 
30% utilization to be 70% next year, but besides that what other growth drivers to be seen for the 
business overall and what is the full revenue potential of the herbicide plant that you are envisaging 
at full year utilization? Thank you so much. 
 
Anurag Roy: 
Yes, I will take that question, Abhijit. So, as we get into FY2023, one as you rightly talked about 
CMO or our CDMO business will be one of the key growth drivers, so we are expecting to get 
three or four more projects commercialized as we get into FY2023 so that definitely will be one 
of the growth drivers both on the topline as well as profitability. The second important growth 
driver would be our herbicide plant so as all of you are aware, we commissioned it last year and 
we are seeing a very good pipeline products getting into the herbicide plant. We also are one of 
the very few companies in India to have these high potent herbicide facilities which are really 
making our pipeline healthy as we look forward, so we are expecting the products at good 
profitability and good margins coming from our herbicide plant as we stabilize our existing 
chemistry and the plant which has been recently commercialized so that will definitely be part of 
our growth strategy, thick and pillar of the growth strategy as we get into FY2023 and then third 
key portion would be looking for the forward, so as we get into this year there will be huge 
amount of focus in building the institutional capability to deliver on the future strategies growth 
strategies of Astec so we will be preparing for that. We will be laying the capex and ground work 
so that we look forward for the future growth of Astec, so these will be two to three key 
initiatives which we are expecting in FY2023. The growth will be led by herbicide plant 
utilization, the CMO product and lastly, but not the least, we will also continue to work on 
strategic sourcing, efficiencies in the plant so that we try to maintain our margins on the existing 
enterprise business as well, despite the volatility and macro factors in the market. So those will be 
the three to four points I would like to highlight to your question. 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
Thank you so much and wish you all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ishmohit Arora from SOIC Ventures LLP. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Ishmohit Arora: 
Congratulations for a great set of numbers, Sir. My question was, what is our percentage 
dependent on China for raw materials, because I think we have done a lot of backward integration 
projects in the last one or two years? 

Astec Lifesciences Limited 
May 03, 2022 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
 
Anurag Roy: 
So if you look at our total revenues and amount of spend on raw materials and key starting materials 
coming in from China, we roughly stand at 65% to 67% and for some of the key starting materials 
or some of the key intermediates; for our AIs, we are more or less 80% to 90% backward 
integrated so we continuously evaluate the make versus buy decision as we deal with the supply 
chain disruptions and some of the shifts in the macro and hence have the overall control on the 
product lifecycle as well as the value chain. To answer your question, yes, we have around 65% 
reliance on import from the China products, but we have de-risked that by developing some of 
the vendors in India and other parts of the world, that is number one and also by systematically 
backward integrating so that we can do the make versus buy decision as and when required. 
 
Ishmohit Arora: 
Right, and Sir, the next question was a bit medium term in nature so when we look at your peers 
like PI Industries or something like Deccan Life Sciences, both these companies are really large 
when it comes to the topping almost Rs.1000 Crores CRAMs are made to? What are our 
aspirations when it comes to the next three to five years and what is our capex outlook to 
accelerate the growth aspirations? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
So, I and the entire team at Astec feel that we are very well positioned right now to guide the future 
growth. Lot of macro, as most of you are aware, are also supporting the growth for the chemical 
as well as Pharma industry so we really want embark on that journey. In terms of three or four 
things which we will be heavily focusing on - number one would be the R&D. We really want to 
build future of Astec which is defined and based on our research technology and developmental 
solutions to our clients. That would be the key pillar, which we are putting in place by the end of 
this year. Then second important piece would be our ability to tech transfer what we built in the 
R&D and how well we can commercialise it for our partners and that will be the key other three 
pillar which we are establishing within the organization and that will be our strategy for the next 
two to three years. For that we would also not hesitate to go heavy on the capex phase. For 
example, in the coming year FY2023, we have committed almost Rs.350 Crores to Rs.400 Crores 
capex and depending on how we proceed over the next two to three years, we will continue to 
invest depending on the pipeline generation and the R&D capability which we will be building in 
the near short term. So, in the medium term, our strategy would be to scale up CMO business, 
heavily invest on building the pipeline, drive growth through R&D and build relationships with 
some of the innovator partners of the world. 
 
Ishmohit Arora: 
Thank you so much and all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh from Asian Markets Securities Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Saurabh: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, if you can give more details about the FY2023 capex. You 
mentioned about Rs.350 Crores to Rs.400 Crores so where it will be spent and more details on the 
fungicide plants which we highlighted in the Q2 call? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
To answer your first question on the capex of Rs.350 Crores to Rs.400 Crores, I believe, 
Saurabh, earlier mentioned that the R&D capex was expected to fully realize last year. Some of it is 
getting into this year, so in that Rs.350 Crores to Rs.400 Crores, we estimate roughly Rs.110 

Astec Lifesciences Limited 
May 03, 2022 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
Crores to Rs.120 Crores as against the R&D centre capex. Then as I was mentioning earlier, we 
are also expecting very good pipeline products for our existing herbicide plant so as our goal 
would be to fully utilize the existing herbicide plant we will also concurrently start investing for 
further expansion of the facility for which we have committed Rs.35 Crores to Rs.50 Crores. 
Then the balance Rs.70 Crores to Rs.80 Crores we have kept it for lot of improvement and safety 
compliances activities at our Mahad locations. Just to give you two examples. We are planning to 
further digitize our facilities, manufacturing facilities at Mahad to bring them to the innovator or 
the global standard levels. We are also kicking off one of the safety initiatives with DuPont 
sustainable solutions so that we become best in class on the process safety side so we are also 
investing heavily to further take our competencies to the global levels and for that we are 
committing almost Rs.70 Crores to Rs.80 Crores capex and finally as part of our growth strategy 
we have earmarked almost Rs.150 Crores for Greenfield multipurpose plant, which will obviously 
take three to four years to commercialize but we will start laying the foundation in FY2023 from 
the capex perspective so that is the broad breakup of the capex what you were asking. The second 
question, I missed out on the second question. Can you repeat that again please? 
 
Saurabh: 
In the quarter Q2 call there was a mention of the fungicide plant so if you can provide more details? 
Is fungicide plant and MTB plant the same? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
No, I think I answered that, that we have earmarked roughly Rs.150 Crores for the multipurpose 
plant and there we would have the mix of fungicide products and some of the other intermediates. 
 
Saurabh: 
Sir, my second question, if you can now provide the breakup of revenue of CMO and enterprise 
for FY2022 and Q4 and also your gross margin guidance? The earlier guidance was 40%? Now 
with the CMO mix going up, should we see it going for 40% plus? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
So, for Q4, our revenues from the CMO business were roughly 23%. For the full financial year, 
our contribution in revenues from the CMO business were close to 13%. so that is for the existing 
financial year. As we move forward and as the share of CMO business grows in the overall revenue, 
clearly there will be some basis points increases in the margin. Roughly as a rule of thumb, 
enterprise plus 5% to 7% is what we see as the CMO increase in margins so as and when we see 
the percentage share of the CMO business going up, accordingly, in the range of 5% to 7% the 
margin keeps going up. 
 
Saurabh: 
Thank you, Sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Gupta from Edelweiss Financial Services 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Rohan Gupta: 
Good evening and congratulations on good set of numbers. Sir I was asking for a couple of 
clarifications. First is on our herbicide plant on full utilization what can be the revenue potential 
from that plant if you can give some numbers on that? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
Yes, so as I was mentioning two to three years’ time frame is when we are seeing full utilization of 
that particular plant and we are looking at asset turnover of 1.5 to 1.7 from that particular plant so 
anywhere from Rs.230 Crores to Rs.270 Crores is the revenue which we are targeting to come at 

Astec Lifesciences Limited 
May 03, 2022 
Page 8 of 15 
 
 
full utilization. 
 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, you just mentioned that in the current year in FY2023, you are planning to put another capex 
on this plant only of Rs.50 Crores to Rs.70 Crores so that will also drive the incremental revenue 
in the same ratio of 1.3 to 1.5 x or one can expect because of the better utilization and operating 
leverage the revenue potentially can be higher? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
So, I mentioned Rs.35 Crores to Rs.50 Crores commitment for the plant capacity expansion and 
again, you could take two to three years for full utilization for the new capacities and 
accordingly, obviously there will be some uptick in the revenues from this new herbicide 
investment as well. 
 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, coming on CDMO, where this Quarter run rate was close to 22% to 23% of revenue is full 
year was close to 13% to 14%. Given the current product pipeline CDMO business, where you see 
that the revenue contributions from CDMO in the next two to three years in terms of overall 
topline? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
Over the next two to three years, one of the bottleneck was obviously for the expansion in the R&D 
capabilities. So now with new R&D facilities coming up, we could do lot more development 
which means we could take a lot more pipeline products for our CDMO business and what we 
expect is, we want to initially in the near short term, take revenues to at least 25% level, 25% to 
30% level for the CDMO business and then beyond that it all depends on how well we handle the 
customer relationships, how we see the pipeline flow coming from the R&D, the complexity of the 
molecules of the products and there are a lot of variables, but our goal would be to at least take 
those numbers to 25% to 30% over the next two to three years. 
 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, on our existing capacity, definitely we see the current year herbicide business utilization go 
from 30%-35% to 70%? Where are the other plants standing in terms of capacity utilization in 
FY2022? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
So, I think in the previous calls also there has been some guidance given on the capacity 
utilizations and we are almost at capacities for our plants. So, every year the delta capacities are 
built up either through manufacturing efficiencies or debottlenecking and most of our plants as 
usual appreciate are multipurpose plants so getting to firm utilization rates is not at all possible, 
because there are complexities of numbers of steps which you put in those plants with the new 
products coming in. There are other variables of scale up. The complexity around the chemistry so 
getting to the utilization numbers numerically becomes very challenging, but what we keep doing 
year-on-year is we keep taking initiatives to debottleneck. We keep taking initiatives to reduce the 
number of steps, treat our effluents properly and less usage of solvents so that we can continue to 
increase our capacities and hence the revenues from the existing plant. 
 
Rohan Gupta: 
Fine, I get that. Would it be fair to put asset turn of 1.3 to 1.5 as on your entire FY2023 capex plan 
of Rs.350 Crores around? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
Yes, that would be fair. 

Astec Lifesciences Limited 
May 03, 2022 
Page 9 of 15 
 
 
 
Rohan Gupta: 
Over the next two to three years? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
Over the next two to three years. 
 
Rohan Gupta: 
On full utilization very interesting? Sir, just last from my side? In your opening remarks you also 
mentioned that apart from agrochemicals you are also looking to some other industries and getting 
queries and probably working on that? Can you talk a little bit more on that, where we are in and 
what industry we are getting into and user industries and where do you see the revenues going from 
non-agrochemical in the next three to five years’ timeline? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
I do not recall saying other industries. Obviously, we are seeing lot of good opportunities in other 
industries but as we feel internally that we have not even reached our potential in our core which 
is agrochemical so in near to short term we will be heavily focusing on working on our existing 
chemistries and platforms catering to the agro business and then opportunistically we will look for 
expansion into some of the other sector. It could be speciality, Pharma, intermediate, so on and so 
forth, but as of now we are building strategies on building capabilities and platforms around 
agrochemicals. 
 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, thank you very much for the clarification. Thanks a lot. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Veena Patel from Narotam Sekhsaria Family 
Office. Please go ahead. 
 
Veena Patel: 
Good evening. Can you please quantify the revenue that was contributed from the new herbicide 
plant in the last financial year FY2022? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
So, the revenue from the new herbicide plant since it was running only for five months or so, it was 
close to Rs.25 Crores. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankit Shah from Dinero Wealth Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Pankit Shah: 
Good afternoon, everyone. So my question is basically on Triazole fungicide, what is our current 
contribution from Triazole fungicide coming and what is the diversification plan there, so we are 
about to launch a few products in the same category and I guess few Quarters ago there was some 
over capacity coming in from China, so we are facing some price issues over there, so what is the 
current situation? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
First and foremost, we operate in multipurpose plant multiple products. Obviously Triazole 
chemistry is what we deal for the most part, but we normally do not give out any individual 
molecules or platform-based margin indications so that is one. On the overall Triazole chemistry 
space at an overall level actually what we are seeing over the next five to 10 years we are still 
seeing 3% to 4% growth rate in this particular segment and last year for some of the molecules, we 
had actually also seen some of the supply shortages because of the supply chain disruptions in 
China and some of the input cost increases and the energy crisis so from that perspective, the 

Astec Lifesciences Limited 
May 03, 2022 
Page 10 of 15 
 
 
 
Triazole chemistry continue to offer us opportunities and the best part about Astec LifeSciences is 
over the years and over the last decade or so we have got a firm grasp on the technology aspects 
on this particular platform and hence we are globally extremely competitive and we maintain our 
strong position despite the challenges from oversupply and any kind of supply demand balances in 
the market. 
 
Pankit Shah: 
The second question, will be is there any plan for merger with Godrej Agrovet? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
I will take that. So, we were planning a merger a few years ago because when we acquired this 
Company, we realized that it can really grow big, but it would require big capex and at that time 
the balance sheet was very small and we thought the capex will not be able to support the capex it 
needs and you have heard numbers we are talking about and now we believe that the balance sheet 
is strong. The performance of the Company is very good and the kind of capex appetite we have 
for the next few years can be managed on the balance sheet of Astec LifeSciences. So as of now 
we do not have any plans to merge unless and until there is a big acquisition or M&A opportunity 
which can really change the game. So I think as far as the current plan is concerned and the capex 
which is planned in the next three to five years, I do not think it needs any support from Godrej 
Agrovet Limited or merger into the Godrej Agrovet Limited. 
 
Pankit Shah: 
Sure, thank you and the last clarification I wanted. You were saying that the percentage increase 
in CMO business will help improve our gross margins by say 5% to 7%, am I correct? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
Yes, that is the broad level guidance which we see and obviously it could go up, but it could be 
lower but that is what we are typically seen 5% to 7% more than established or the enterprise 
products. 
 
Pankit Shah: 
Great. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mithun Aswath from Kivah Advisors LLP. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Mithun Aswath: 
The question was what will be the capex in FY2022 and I wanted to understand with the growth 
that you are getting in the last quarter and in Q3, was this driven primarily because of price 
increases, because of the disruption in China and do you see FY2023 as China normalizes even 
your pricing will normalize and margins will come back down or do you see this sustaining at the 
Q4 levels in FY2023? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
So Q3 and Q4 results were clearly impacted by the disruption in the supply chain and the crisis in 
China which obviously led to escalation of prices on the finished product. But couple of things 
from the business decision perspective which went really well were some of the strategic sourcing 
which we did at the right time which gave us fair differentiation over the competitors in terms of 
preserving our margins despite the volatility in the market and second thing which I was talking 
about earlier, continuous improvement manufacturing efficiencies also helped us. So those were 
the two business side inputs that came in for good profitability. Obviously, we were also successful 
in passing on the price increases to our customers based on our existing relations in the global 

Astec Lifesciences Limited 
May 03, 2022 
Page 11 of 15 
 
 
 
markets as well as the domestic market. That is how we go Q3 and Q4. To answer your question, 
how things will pan out in the future, as the volatility subsides obviously some of the input raw 
material prices are likely to come down which will also mean that the prices on the finished 
products may come down. But overall, our goal and the way we want to drive the business is we 
want to maintain almost similar margins as we move forward. There are some fundamental changes 
which might come as we get into FY2023, which could have negative impacts on our margins. 
For example, one of the products in European markets may go off this year. If that announcement 
goes through there will be oversupply situation and hence the pressure on prices so we are 
constantly monitoring those macro situations. But overall, we expect to maintain more or less 
similar margins as we get into FY2023. 
 
Mithun Aswath: 
Right and just one last question. I wanted to understand because of political situations and 
Company is trying to move away their supply chain from China I just wanted to understand how 
much of that are you seeing as a benefit which is structured in nature and which could actually 
grow significantly from now? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
The China plus one strategy and our Government is promoting more of in-house building of 
capabilities for the country. All these are drivers for our industry. We want to continue to leverage 
on that. A lot of growth for our CMO business will come from this particular trend and we are 
seeing that coming from our customers as well, wherein they are looking for the second source of 
supply and that is how we are also building a future pipeline. 
 
Mithun Aswath: 
Great thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh Cheddha from Lucky Investment 
Managers Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Pritesh Cheddha: 
Sir, my question is with respect to the 500 basis point gross margin expansion that we see this year 
so if I recall a year back we had a pricing pressure on the Triazole so is it that pricing pressure 
eased and we are seeing the margin expansions going through and how much would be the CMO 
mixage that you would have experienced in FY2022? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
So clearly those growth margins or profitability increase as the pricing has a huge contribution 
there, but as all of you would appreciate that there is a huge amount of volatility in this product 
portfolio which we currently have and that is why it becomes increasingly imperative or important 
for us to continue to derisk, expand our portfolio products and get into the CMO business and that 
is what we are precisely doing it. There will be some Quarters wherein you would see less margins. 
There will be some Quarters like the last two wherein the margins will be on the higher side. From 
driving the business perspective, I think what we need to focus on and which I mentioned earlier 
it would be on strategic sourcing. It would be to continue to work on manufacturing efficiencies, 
vertical integrations or backward integration, so those are the thing from business side we are 
working on and the rest we play the volatility in the market to the best of business decision. 
 
Pritesh Cheddha: 
How much will be the mix change the CMO which you said is 13% of business in 2022 how much 
it would be last year? 

Astec Lifesciences Limited 
May 03, 2022 
Page 12 of 15 
 
 
 
Anurag Roy: 
So last year we were at roughly 17% and we have gone a little bit down. We are close to 13% but 
as I was highlighting earlier over the next three years or so we expect it to get to 25% or 30% level. 
 
Pritesh Cheddha: 
So, is it fair to comprehend that bulk of the margin expansion is because of the enterprise exports 
and because of the Triazole price? Is it a fair assumption? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
Yes, you could say that at least for the current financial year, right. 
 
Pritesh Cheddha: 
When we are saying that the CMO will rise in mix is that the herbicide plant utilization which 
brings the CMO improvement because that is where the products on CMO will come or is that 
interpretation correct? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
So, herbicide we are seeing a good pipeline of CMO projects coming in, so that is clearly one of 
the drivers and then we also have other fungicide CMO products which we typically put in our 
multipurpose plants so there also we are seeing a lot of good opportunities come in so I would say 
it is a mix of both herbicide and fungicide projects will drive the growth. 
 
Pritesh Cheddha: 
So, the asset available to you in the near term where you have to take up the utilization that same 
23 is basically the herbicide plant and then the asset available to you which will bring in further 
growth will be the Greenfield multipurpose plant of Rs.150 Crores whenever it comes up, is that 
correct, Sir? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
Right and plus I was talking about the herbicide expansion which have been talking about and then 
obviously the debottlenecking on the existing multipurpose plants. 
 
Pritesh Cheddha: 
Can you tell the years when the herbicide incremental expansion will flow from operational and 
when will the debottlenecking become operational? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
It is an ongoing exercise. We have already taken up the debottlenecking projects as we get into 
FY2023 so that will be kicked off for the current Financial Year. For the herbicide expansion 
over the next couple of Quarters, we will start the investment to expand further so that should also 
likely to kick off over the next year or so. I will say over the year and that will go through the 
similar cycle as I was mentioning 30%, 70%, 100% utilization over the next few years. 
 
Pritesh Cheddha: 
Thank you very much, Sir. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Vora from Premier Capital Services 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Aman Vora: 
Thanks for the opportunity again. Couple of questions. One was like you said to the last participant 
that enterprise business was large contributor to the share of performance, so I understand that the 
market dynamics beside the pricing for the molecules but do we have any pricing power in those, 
because it is very difficult to predict how this thing of those molecules will move so anything on 
the pricing power, if we have any? 

Astec Lifesciences Limited 
May 03, 2022 
Page 13 of 15 
 
 
 
Anurag Roy: 
I keep going back to the points which I was mentioning. One is obviously the relationships you 
have with some of the key customers so there also we have the deep relationship with the customer 
wherein this volatile markets there are times when we support customers and vice versa so that is 
one thing but two critical key which are very important to drive for this kind of volatile business 
is taking the right business decisions around strategic sourcing and continuously working on life 
cycle of the product as well as manufacturing efficiencies so there will be Quarters wherein we 
might be taking 8 out of 10 calls right on strategic sourcing and we will have good profitability. 
There could be a scenario wherein the calls do not go as we expect and that will impact the margin 
so I think that is the only way to drive this particular business. So I keep giving the guidance to 
my teams and business that you should continue to focus on our fundamentals for working on 
manufacturing efficiencies, strategic sourcing and the third thing is continuous improvement. 
 
Aman Vora: 
Just one last question, so if I am not wrong, we spent about Rs.250 Crores to Rs.270 Crores on 
the R&D facility in all including the one that we will be doing this year so I just want to 
understand from you what kind of stabilities we are building there in comparison to what industry 
already has and some colour on what we are building there after this capex that we have done and 
that what we have been doing now? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
First of all, a little bit of check on the numbers which you have. For R&D we have invested or we 
are investing around Rs.120 Crores and historically we would have invested roughly Rs.20 Crores 
to Rs.30 Crores in the past for the R&D capability for Astec which we have so roughly you are 
looking at Rs.120 Crores to Rs.150 Crores. This Rs.100 Crores plus investment is a new R&D 
came with a vision that we want to build Astec for the future and as I was mentioning earlier the 
technology and the research will be at the forefront of growth and with that premise or with that 
fundamentals we are taking this huge investment in R&D and I can proudly say that we would be 
among the few companies in India heavily investing on R&D at least in this particular sector and 
we want to provide full service, technical, scale up solutions, process safety, kilo labs, the innovator 
as well as enterprise companies of the world so with that goal we have committed on this particular 
R&D investment. 
 
Aman Vora: 
Thanks a lot. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Muchhal from HDFC Asset Management 
Co. Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Thank you so much. In the previous call you have mentioned that the capex for the CMO plant 
was about Rs.100 Crores to Rs.110 Crores and the turn is about 1.5 to 1.7, which gave us a revenue 
of about Rs.170 Crores at full potential but this time you mentioned about Rs.230 Crores to Rs.270 
Crores at full potential so what I am missing here? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
Yes, one obviously for our capex and earlier projection was Rs.110 Crores to Rs.120 Crores. Those 
projections went up because of the input price increases on steel and other raw materials for the 
capex so that is one. But having said that, as I was mentioning earlier, we are seeing a healthy 
pipeline of herbicide products coming into this particular plant. We are the only company who also 
has a set up for high potent facility which is also being of a good interest to some of the innovators 

Astec Lifesciences Limited 
May 03, 2022 
Page 14 of 15 
 
 
 
and CMO players and with that we could tie the business to some extent and choose some of the 
molecules who want to pick in those herbicide plants and we can now confidently say that we could 
get 1.5 to 1.7 asset turn from that facility which is equivalent to the Rs.230 Crores to Rs.270 Crores 
and obviously when I say 1.5 to 1.7, it is on the final year and not on the first year the asset turn 
which we aim to get from this herbicide plant. 
 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Sir, just to reconfirm when we say Rs.230 Crores to Rs.270 Crores and 1.5 to 1.7x and the full 
potential of Rs.230 Crores to Rs.270 Crores, does it include the Rs.35 Crores to Rs.50 Crores of 
expansion that you are planning in the herbicide plant or this is before that? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
No, that does not include that. The decision to further expand obviously is coming from the good 
outlook of the pipeline and the good asset turn which we are getting from the existing herbicide 
and that is what is the motivation we set up the new herbicide plant. 
 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Got it. So versus your earlier expectation of asset potential, it is much better because of the 
improvement in the product profile that we are see now? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
Yes. 
 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Got it. Thank you so much, Sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Paliwal from Shefa Family Office. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Rahul Paliwal: 
Thanks for giving clarity on the merger decisions with Astec with Agrovet and the thought process 
behind it. This is really appreciative, Sir and I am sure this will prove value accretive for all 
stakeholders going forward. Sir, another suggestion we have is like why not rebrand Astec of the 
lead focus CDMO/CMO entity named as Godrej Green Chemical or Godrej Advance Science or 
likewise that is one suggestion and we need your inputs on that and question number two is any 
plan to get into biochemical or biological formation? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
Thank you very much for your appreciation. I think the purpose of the merger as I said was to give 
this business an opportunity to grow exponentially and I think we have demonstrated that without 
doing that and the balance sheet can support further expansion in the plans Astec LifeSciences has. 
I think those suggestions for rebranding is under consideration because I think Astec LifeSciences 
more than 65% business is exports and registration, etc., in the name of Astec LifeSciences so we 
have been receiving your suggestions and we are studying that and very soon we will take a 
decision either way on that. On the biological, etc., I think I must tell you one thing is that the field 
of chemicals is huge and we just have to chose where we play because we want to be very focused 
and we have a plan not just for next three years but the next five years where substantial capex has 
been budgeted. We would like to chase that plan to perfection. As Mr. Anurag has already said that 
we will focus on the agrochemical opportunity for the next three to five years because there is a 
huge scope and we have demonstrated that we can capitalize some of that opportunity very well. 
Regarding biological, yes, this is an opportunity. It is under discussion, but we have not decided 
as yet on when to embark on this. 

Astec Lifesciences Limited 
May 03, 2022 
Page 15 of 15 
 
 
 
Rahul Paliwal: 
Thank you so much, Sir and welcome onboard Mr. Anurag. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Nadir Godrej for closing comments. 
 
Nadir B. Godrej: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions. If you have any further questions 
or would like to know more about the Company, we will be happy to be of assistance. Stay safe 
and stay healthy. Thank you once again for taking the time to join us on this call. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
***** 
