ABB India Limited
Registered and Corporate Office
Disha - 3rd Floor, Plot No. 5 & 6, 2nd Stage
Peenya Industrial Area IV
Peenya, Bengaluru – 560 058
Karnataka, India
CIN: L32202KA1949PLC032923
GST: 29AAACA3834B1Z4
Phone: +91 80 2294 9150 – 54
Fax: +91 80 2294 9148
www.abb.com/in
REF:INABB:STATUT:LODR:ANALST_TRNSPT:
May 10, 2022
BSE Limited
P.J. Towers
Dalal Street
Mumbai 400 001
(Attn : DCS CRD)
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No. C/1, G Block
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E).
Mumbai 400 051
Attn: Listing Dept.
Dear Sirs
Sub: Transcript of Analyst concall
In continuation of our letters dated May 5, 2022, we are enclosing a copy of the transcript
of conference call with analysts, which took place on May 5, 2022 post announcement of
Q1 2022 results of the Company.
The said transcript is also uploaded on the Company’s website.
Thanking you
Yours faithfully
For ABB India Limited
Trivikram Guda
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
ACS 17685
Encl: as above







 
 
Page 1 of 31 
 
 
 
ABB India Limited's Q1 CY2022 Earnings Conference Call 
 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SANJEEV SHARMA – MANAGING DIRECTOR, ABB INDIA LIMITED 
MR. TK SRIDHAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ABB INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SANJEEV ARORA – PRESIDENT, INDIA, MOTION BUSINESS 
MR. G BALAJI – LEAD, PROCESS AUTOMATION DIVISION, ABB INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
 
, 
 
a nn
AIM)

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 31 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to ABB India Limited Q1 
CY'2022 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. Please note that unauthorized recording of 
this call is strictly prohibited. The recording will be made available on 
the company's and SEBI's website subsequently. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. T K Sridhar, Chief Financial Officer of Abb 
India Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
TK Sridhar: 
Thank you, Faizan. A very good afternoon to all of you to the Q1 2022 
Analyst Call where we will definitely discuss about performance and the 
overall initiatives what the company is taking. So, I have with me on the 
call, Mr. Sanjeev Sharma -- Managing Director of ABB India Limited, 
Sanjeev Arora -- President for Motion business in India, and G Balaji, 
Process Automation Division Lead. Subrata Karmakar who is in the 
Robotics and Kiran Dutt who leads the EL business are not able to join 
this call because of their customer engagement, but we will be able to 
handle any queries with respect to their business within ourselves, right. 
So, thank you very much. 
I'll now hand over the call to Sanjeev to take us through what happened 
in Q1 and later on with the financial results is what I would explain a bit 
more, right. Over to you, Sanjeev. 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Thank you, Sridhar. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining in 
this first quarter of this year. I'm quite pleased to report the numbers as 
well as the developments that took place around ABB. We also had the 
AGM this morning which was concluded at about 1 p.m. today. Very 
good interest from the shareholders with respect to the development they 
saw in 2021 and we see that continuity in this year as well. 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 31 
To give you some highlights, we had the strongest base order growth in 
our first quarter of calendar year; orders were up 26%, revenues were up 
21%. We improved value offerings and our operational efficiencies led 
to double digit PBT percentage before exceptional items. And also, we 
went ahead and voluntarily published our Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report, (BRSR) 2021 as early adopters, and if you had a 
chance to look at it, if not please, have a look at it, it will show you 
detailed insights into what ABB and its teams have done in last one and 
a half years. We have been taking a lot of initiatives in this area and now 
we have the recognition and conclusion of those initiatives and we really 
are pleased in terms of how our campuses and our locations have 
developed, and also how we are helping our customers to be more 
environmental-friendly with their establishments because our product 
portfolio is in the sweet spot of energy efficiency and it's in the sweet 
spot as an enabler for customers to also realize benefits around their ESG 
agenda. We continue to maintain a solid cash position and it continues 
to strengthen. 
When we look into the overall business construct, we have strong short 
cycle orders which means good for cash flow because the conversion of 
orders to revenues to cash is quick and that's something we continue to 
enjoy in our balance sheet. 
The market segment focus and you may have heard me say this before. 
We have 20 distinct business divisions; each one of them have their own 
business model, but all of them are exposed to about 23 market segments 
in the market and these 23 market segments represent the strength of 
Indian economy and the activity. Some of the market segments are 
cyclical, some of them are long-term trends and we have continued to 
participate there with focused channels, focused OEMs, focused 
integrators and also our direct efforts in the marketplace, and we 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 31 
continue to see penetration across geographies as well as in the market 
segments. 
We had a fine time addressing our export obligations, wherein we help 
our group to cater to certain markets wherein group thinks that the Indian 
operation can support them to support customers outside India, and that 
saw a good traction of plus-33%. 
Services order, which again is a backbone of our installed base we have 
created over last 70-plus years of manufacturing in the country. That 
continues to draw strong support from our customers in terms of 
maintaining reliability, availability, maintainability, and serviceability 
of the assets which customers have deployed. 
And also are not dependent anymore on core sector unlike five six years 
back, wherein either the core sector was up or and we were up with them 
our core sector is down and we were down with them but now we have 
a much more broad-based offerings across the market segments which 
are not only large industries but also medium-size industries and also 
upcoming industries like data centers, F&B and others and also the 
expansion of automotive and ancillaries in EV and other spaces. So, our 
offerings are really broad base. And not only we carry them ourselves, 
but also our partners are helping us to penetrate on the deeper side of the 
market. 
Process industries and optimization remains the theme and we see an 
uptick in this area wherein steel industry, cement industry, chemical, oil 
and gas industry and many other associated process industries, we see 
that apart from the OPEC's-led investment in last years, we are seeing 
some solid projects forming in front of us in coming quarters. 
To give you a flavor of some of the orders that we kind of secured and 
supporting different segments. So, I think the take away of this slide is 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 31 
how diverse our applications and the locations are. So, rectifiers for 
natural resources is one of the major companies in this area. We typically 
will not name the customer unless we have pre-agreed with the customer 
that we can expose their name, we don't typically mention it. If any one 
of you have a very high interest, then we have to somehow take the 
approval from the customer before we can talk about it. 
For tire industry expansion, we are helping and also upgradations, 
robotics for electronics major and again, this is another testimony that 
as the electronic manufacturing expands, our robotics offerings are 
going beyond the automotive sector is going into food and beverage, it 
is going into logistics, warehousing and also electrification in the high-
class IT campuses in Hyderabad, complete electrification and around the 
IT campuses, they find our reliable solutions. 
And, of course, we recently announced in the month of April, a new 
expanded digital substation products and system factory in Baroda. It's 
a state-of-the-art well organized and very productive facility compared 
with any facility you can come across globally. I think that investment 
is paying us well and we have some new product lines also which are 
being added there. 
We continue to expand our LV Motors market position. And also, one 
of the key ingredients for our expansion of market in the LV motors is 
continue to expand our offerings in our portfolio. Our customers and the 
channel partners benefit from a much wider range of products from us 
and that's something which goes with part of the core of Indian growth 
story. So, these are the kind of some numbers that give you a flavor of 
our exports and services expansion in absolute numbers. 
On the ESG framework especially the environmental, social and 
governance, we have adapted our group's 2030 target based on SDGs 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 31 
and then we combined it with the Indian flavor of BRSR and national 
ESG requirement and we have created ABB India ESG focus area. 
We have a 10-point agenda, right from green infrastructure to renewable 
energy, water conservation, material conservation, stakeholder 
engagement, renovation by diversity and inclusive board. And this is 
something you can also find very solid evidence how we do it in details 
in BRSR Report. So, I will really encourage you to look at it and we'll 
be very happy to get your feedback because this is one area we continue 
to engage and continue to develop. And we call it as a program as 
sustainability in practice. We don't talk about sustainability as an 
intellectual pursuit. What we talk about is that in last one and a half 
years, we were focused on working in certain area. Once we have 
achieved it, then only we talk about it. And the evidence here, you can 
see, we have six locations; Nelamangala in Bangalore, Faridabad, 
Haryana, Peenya, Bangalore, Nashik in Maharashtra, Disha building 
which is our corporate office, and our business office in Bangalore and 
Maneja in Gujarat. 
In the month of December and January we got all these certifications 
which are essentially the green certification. So, Nelamangala and 
Faridabad has Platinum Certification, Peenya and Nashik got Gold and 
Disha Building which is our corporate office is the Lead Gold 
Certification. I think most of you are aware of it, but what it really means 
Platinum Certification by IGBC means, it's a World-Class Excellence 
Facility at the Campus level, Gold means it's a National Excellence 
Facility and Lead Gold means it’s again a National Excellence Facility. 
And underlying elements apart from a very strict criteria of reaching this 
certification, we can very proudly tell to our customers as part of their 
supply chain, you have a Green Campus which supplies you product and 
it also adds to our customers credentials who are very increasingly is 
ESG-conscious as we go forward. And this also gives us a lot of 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 31 
credibility when we want to supply to new markets outside India 
especially in Europe. You can talk a lot, you can make a lot of power 
points in terms of how good you are, but European customers are very 
sensitive on the Green Agenda, and if you have the products and 
solutions being developed in a Green Campus and facilities and the 
consciousness of the management and the factory is to be very conscious 
about ESG Agenda. You always get look good credibility with the 
European and other customers who we are increasingly serving to our 
locations in the country. 
We have reached already in 2022 100% renewable energy in all our 
campuses. And this is something if you recall my last year's 
presentation, it was not the case, but since we had a very focused effort 
we can declare, we have 100% RE achieved. We are working towards 
100% energy productivity and these are the targets for each location. 
Waste rise recyclability is above 90% in most locations and we have 
committed to be a zero waste to landfill target which we will achieve 
over a period of time. 
We have a target for water net zero reduction target. We have been 
already declared as a water positive, net positive unit for Nelamangala 
which is certified by TERI Index of 1.24, that means we pump in more 
water in the ground as a contribution to the mother earth relative to what 
we consume in it. so there are a number of techniques and technologies 
which we have invested which captures water and also conserves water 
when we use it and also it recycles the water in around the campus. Other 
locations will also reach water positivity. Already, the projects are being 
implemented. So, every time we have a discussion you will see this thing 
changing. Our Peenya campus from where I am calling you today, we 
have already achieved the single use plastic usage free campus and that's 
something we will also implement in all the locations. 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 31 
So, that's what our sustainability in practice means. We will not talk 
about something which we want to do way out, but we will tell you that 
the direction, but I think we'll continue to share with you how we achieve 
it and how we continue to do it and we would like to stay really ahead 
of the call not only at India level even at a global level among the 
network of locations we have around the company. 
Our focus on social impact area. We have the locations where we are 
present. We like to make sure that there's a positive impact we create 
around the communities, for example, in Peenya, we are in an industrial 
area and the infrastructure of roads, pavements safety for women, 
lighting, we found that was less than desired around the campuses and 
we collaborated with police, traffic police with BBMP, which is the 
municipal committee, and fire department. Wnd we have improved the 
road infrastructure and I think it is world-class road infrastructure, 
segregated pathways for young women and young men to walk freely, 
not walking and criss-crossing in the traffic, and it's very a structured 
way for people to navigate themselves through the industrial area. We 
have created this as a kind of catalytic project as an example for 
authorities as well as for the other industries in the area and we are 
finding that the people are getting inspired to take up similar project. 
Likewise, we continue to support health benefits for the communities in 
Peenya, Nelamangala, Vadodara, Nashik and Faridabad wherein our 
health vans go to the rural areas, wherein people are wanting more 
support and we continue to provide them a health medical facility. We 
wish we continue to expand this faster because the feedback we have is 
that people really benefit from this since there are a lot of people who 
are not able to access the health services otherwise. 
We are working with Lila Poonawalla Foundation. We are running a 
Scholarship Program for 200 young women. They will be sponsored for 
four years of engineering. They come from backgrounds of either the 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 31 
single parents, having very low income in the family, but they are 
meritorious students, we have selected with a very strict criteria and we 
also put a lot of efforts making sure that they are mentored through their 
four years of engineering. We also provide them internship with their 
certain selectivity and also later on jobs and release them in the 
marketplace as very well-developed engineers so that their income 
which will really boost their family income whether the mother or father 
who have raised them. So, we feel very good about such programs 
because we feel in a small way we make a difference, and as our volumes 
as well as profits expand, we'll continue to expand these programs for 
them. 
Again, we do the National Science Day. We try to evoke stem 
knowledge among the women as well as young boys so that more and 
more engineers are available to us and likewise in Nelamangala, we are 
also upgrading a hospital, which was in not so desirable position, but 
then, we are doing it to a very high standard so that the communities 
around our locations are able to get that benefit. 
Same way, just to give you a business flavor, 85% of our business comes 
from these market segments. The dark green and light green are the ones 
which are growing at +15%, +10% and the yellow or the orange one is 
sub-10%. But if you really look into the budgetary provisions, you will 
see that then the budgetary provision, even the orange areas are getting 
boost and there will be a cycle of investment in those area. I believe we 
are well covered with our portfolio as well as our exposure to different 
market segments and we continue to deepen our engagement with the 
customers underlying these segments. 
Now, it is time for financial highlights and I hand it over to our CFO, 
Mr. TK Sridhar. Over to you, Sridhar. 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 31 
TK Sridhar: 
Thank you very much for giving an overview of what's happening on 
topics which are non-finance. So, now we come to really a hardcore of 
how we have performed in Q1. 
First of all, this quarter again was a very critical and solid performance 
on ground. So, talking about orders which is Rs.2,300 crores roughly 
and this is sort of a quarter which has probably given the highest of the 
orders. Why I say so because it's all coming from base order. Even when 
we compare with Q4 '21, we have a base order of Rs.1,936 crores and 
this is fully made up of base order. This is a clear indication of the 
customer connect and our penetration to tier-2, tier-3 cities are really 
working and the underlying demand situation is reviving. This is just to 
take a clue from what Sanjeev was saying about the LO areas which 
have been sluggish, we have started to look at investments in their area 
of expansions as well. So, all the divisions across ABB, so we have 20 
divisions working presently in India. So, all of them have sort of posted 
the growth. This is something which is for the first time I have seen the 
first quarter coming up with these numbers. 
Revenues has also grown up by 21%, that's what you see compared to 
the previous year, but whereas compared to the previous quarter which 
is sequentially we have slightly low by 6% is negative. And I think that's 
more from the point of view of how the scheduling is done for execution. 
When it comes to profit before tax, we look at what is profit before 
exceptional items. That is key because that is what is going to be 
consistent and that's where our focus needs to be, while the exceptional 
items will take care of one of topics which has to be dealt in a number 
for strategic elements. So, I think this is something which has reflected 
the better profitability, is reflecting the fact that capacity utilization is 
throwing up the positive number and also we did have some challenges 
in the market in terms of commodity price increases and sometimes in 
terms of FOREX as well. What the business has done is about to pass 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 31 
on this particular impact to the market, because we have very less of 
orders which are probably having a variation clause, because we don't 
have projects, we are more in the short cycle businesses, and that is 
something what we have to necessarily pass on this commodity impact 
and impact of the business and that's what the business has done to 
remain profitable. 
We have a solid order backlog of Rs.5,230 crores and that's something 
which we see will be executable in the coming quarters and we have sort 
of arranged ourselves to deliver them on time, without any disruptions, 
which is in our control. So, cash collections remain steady. So, our DSOs 
have reduced compared to Q4 2021. So, that's something what we have 
also continued to focus on. 
What we have increased is around the inventory. So, inventories have 
increased in the company because that's more with respect to sourcing 
what has been done to stock the material, to meet the supply disruption 
challenges as well as to meet the execution timeline for the backlog 
which has already gone up. In other words, this is a very conscious 
buying which has been done by the unit to avoid any future surprises. 
So, what could be the focus areas going forward? Definitely, we expect 
that there could be headwinds of supply chain disruptions and we must 
gear up for that and some parts of geopolitical impact, which we should 
also expect to continue. 
So, while we do this, our focus on working capital, because cash is very 
important when you are seeing the growth, we need the cash to fuel the 
growth. So, that's something we will conserve, and we will build upon 
it, and we also expect there could be certain increases in expenses like 
freight, like travelling, etc., because the market is opening up and also 
the freight is also a player in the market with respect to availability of 
logistics constraints and the fuel prices. 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 31 
So, the exceptional items, I think as we had mentioned, we executed the 
sale of turbo charger business, a fully owned subsidiary. Rs.293 crores 
is the exceptional item what has been reported and we also accrued the 
tax on it on the capital gains at a 23%. So, that's reflected in the PAT 
percentage. 
Next slide. This is where we stand with respect to how our P&L analysis 
looks like for the various elements. Material cost is remaining at 65.8% 
and as I told you this was contributed by three major factors: One, of 
course, the mix, which is definitely a key pack because both exports and 
services are better than the previous quarter. So, that is something which 
is important for us to know. And also, as we said, we did a price increase 
in the market and so that's also an important element. 
And also, after we had certain issues in process automation earlier with 
respect to the projects, with the improvement and the processes I think 
their profitability is absolutely pretty much very strong without any 
surprises and top-class execution of projects is what we see, and that's 
held the material cost at steady level. 
Coming to personal expenses, there is definitely a slight increase 
compared to the previous quarter same time and that's more because 
there is an impact of annual increments which comes in. 
And a good news, because we performed extraordinarily well in 2021, 
the employees had got their full bonuses and in some businesses slightly 
more because they had outperformed the target and they had done well. 
So, it's good. And that's important for us to retain the employees and 
engage with them so that we have continued support from them in the 
delivery of numbers. 
Other expenses has increased for the right reasons. One as I told you is 
about the volume-related expenses which is on the freight and topics 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 31 
related to revenue, royalties and all these things increase is more driven 
by revenue. So, we are keeping a tight control on the fixed expenses 
which is very important which does not blow out because we're 
increasing in revenue. So, that's something which as an internal control 
topic which we hold the businesses responsible. 
So, I think this is by and large. And good to see, compared to the 
previous quarter same time, we have a lesser positive impact of 
commodity variation, exchange variation as what we say, but despite 
that, we did 10.1% in PBT. 
As we said in the last call and the previous calls as well, we would like 
to maintain a credible first level of profitability at PBT level of having a 
double-digit QoQ and YoY, and then that should sort of translate with 
the volumes what we tend to believe that would improve, it should 
translate into better profitability going forward. So, all the elements of 
course is something under purview everywhere. 
Now, we do a bit of a quick dive into how the segment-wise numbers 
look like. Electrification: I would say, to be on a very lighter side, we 
promote healthy internal competition. So, we have motion and 
electrification as two businesses which comprise almost 75% of ABB 
India's turnover, well positioned to compete within themselves to be 
market leaders. So, we could see today electrification is now growing 
robustly at this point of time. So, we see a good order growth which is 
absolutely across all channels and segments that you have seen. 
Revenues, I think because it's a short cycle business, so orders have to 
be converted to revenues and so that they reflected in the revenue 
growth. And profitability better because I think when the revenue kicks 
in, they're the best people to get because of being a product business they 
get the full advantage to the bottom line, and also we did a bit of a price 
increase. 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 31 
We come to the next slide, which is motion. So, again, a very strong 
performance. I think motion, as I said, a jewel in the crown of ABB in 
India. They are consistent performers when it comes to performing in 
the market as well as in the profitability. They have a solid backlog so 
that should be converted to revenue in the coming quarters and I think 
they also have a good contribution of the channels and they are leading 
on the export side of it, so they have got allocations to various of the 
market compared to the previous year. So, that's something which is 
growing with especially the large motors business. 
Revenues are a fallout of a better order what we have. The profitability 
is better than previous years, fueled by mix and improved price 
realization. 
Process Automation, as we all should know, is project businesses, and 
that is dependent on the decision what the customer would do in the 
timing. So, they did but their base volumes were pretty strong; $460 
million, Rs.160 crores is definitely higher. If I look at Rs.770 crores that 
had an element of Rs.350 crores of a large order and if you remove that, 
so they have actually maintained the base orders and a good healthy sort 
of service and then order mix they have taken. I think they would 
definitely scale up the revenues going forward because they have a 
backlog which will attribute and that is more in line with the project 
schedule which would fall in place. 
Robotics did a kick-up in this particular quarter. They did get some good 
orders in the market and we believe that this is a small and sweet 
business which will keep growing fast and that's something which we 
are watching out how this would pan out going forward. 
But in terms of capacities I would say that we are now working in quite 
a few plants and double shifts. So, as and when we move into higher 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 31 
trajectory of growth percentages, so we have headroom to move into the 
third shift as well.  
Yes, this is something on channels. I think this is we already discusses 
with you. You could go ahead on this. 
Outlook and priorities is the last slide. I think it's very important. We 
have an absolute flawless execution of our order backlog that is pretty 
much the very important stuff so that we have the conversions to the 
bottom line and the top line happening correctly. And we look at 
headwinds on demand/supply chain impact, especially when it comes to 
electronics and semiconductor-related components what we get in. So, 
that's something which we are aware of on the ground and we are 
preparing ourselves to handle it more with the customers as well as 
internal production line. And we will also see elevated commodity prices 
and volatility. This is something that we will look at. 
And what I did not add into this is the impact of interest cost and the 
corresponding inflation with the RBI coming up with this, so that's 
something which we have not added to this, but that we will also keep 
on watch. 
Having these sensitivities, we will definitely make sure that we leverage 
the positive momentum which has been created in the market and 
internally also in the production facilities. We will consolidate our cash 
position. 
And of course last but not the least I think without this we cannot 
survive. So, as Sanjeev always says customer is the only person who 
gives us the income. So, we'll enhance our engagement with them. 
So, this is the last side and I think we probably now open it up for Q&A.  
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 31 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
My first question is on the sharp commodity inflation that we have seen 
over the past two months, though it started to taper off but do you 
perceive any impact of this steep inflation both on near-term margins on 
the short cycle orders that we have in the backlog as well as do you 
foresee any risk to demand either in terms of delays or postponement of 
orders in the near term? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
It is true that the inflationary pressures are being felt across the globe 
and also the supply chain disruptions, we are equally aware and also our 
customers are equally aware and both sides are equally sensitive to it. 
So, whenever you have such a situation and you are not uniquely a 
participant in inflation of input cost as a company, then what happens is 
that distribution of that cost is much easier to the customer base. 
Customer understands where we are coming from and there is a less 
resistance and since there are supply chains which are squeezed in the 
marketplace, customers are also very receptive to receive that pass-on 
cost from us so. But at the same time, we keep our integrity of our 
contracts with the customers, if we have committed somewhere wherein 
the customer has certain price lock in with us, we honor that 
commitment, we deliver to them, but at the same time when we see that 
there's an input cost increase from us, we also adjust our prices towards 
the customer. Luckily for us, the way our portfolio construct is today, 
we have very fast-moving products. So, the cyclicity of our order to 
delivery is quite low and that allows us to adjust the price base for us 
whenever we see input cost variation. So, at this point of time, yes, it's a 
stressful area, sometimes demand is very strong, so sometimes it is about 
securing these supplies. I think that's where our attention goes but 
whenever there's untenable that we should not keep that cost inside our 
books, we have customers who are very supportive at this point of time. 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 31 
In medium, short term, on the elasticity of the interest rates on demand 
and elasticity of the cost input on the demand, I think time will tell. Right 
now, in fact, we can't explain the strength of the demand. In fact, that is 
the other way around. The markets are  strong at this point of time in the 
multiple market segments and that we also see in the enquiry build up. 
We have not seen immediate impact on demand reduction, but we never 
know what will happen six months down the line if the Fed in US 
continues to increase the interest rate and the RBI follows, obviously, 
when the credit supply gets squeezed in the market, there is always 
certain corners of the market which are very interest rate-sensitive, they 
get a little bit more impacted. So, we will wait and watch, but till that 
time we continue to serve the customers who are demanding and 
connected with us. 
Renu Baid: 
Hopefully the double digit PBT margin should not have any headwinds 
in the near term? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Renu, I'm with you. 
Renu Baid: 
The second question that I have is Sridhar has been emphasizing that 
cash is the focus and that is where everything is driving. So, again it's a 
repeat like every quarter, how do you plan to use this Rs.2,700 crores 
cash on books, any related updates on new products or factories, we read 
about the new smart meter factory being set up at Nashik, so if you can 
give some more input or insights that will be helpful? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
So, we are continuously investing and expanding and post-COVID as 
Sridhar mentioned and also Sanjeev Arora is sitting there, we are 
expanding our shifts. So, that means we are already hitting the top 
ceiling of our capacities. There will be an organic growth in our capacity 
expansion which is already in place in different locations for different 
product lines, and also, we have inorganic opportunities exposure 
globally, wherein our global teams are evaluating some global 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 31 
opportunities, and if they get materialized, so that means they will have 
a local footprint, which we will have to integrate and that's where we 
fund it with our own accruals. So, both for organic and inorganic, there 
are things in play, and we hope that's where we will be able to use our 
cash meaningfully in the volatile markets, but at the same time we 
continue to consolidate our portfolio and market position. But at the 
same time, Renu, it doesn't hurt, it really feels good to have some cash 
in hand. 
Renu Baid: 
True, but anything to quantify in terms of CAPEX that you plan on the 
next two years? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
I do have it and there are some announcements we will make sometime 
in October. And whether you see our BRSR report or sustainability in 
practice report, we talk about it when we are ready and we have 
completed because otherwise we are kind of putting a speculation matter 
in market and you will see some announcements from us but I don't want 
to hint it at this time because it's bit sensitive for the marketing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Sharma from HDFC 
Standard Life Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Sharma: 
Firstly, when I look at your order in flows up 26% YoY, I'm just trying 
to understand how much of that is driven by the price increases that you 
may have taken in the last couple of quarters and how much is actually 
the volume increase, so if you could help us understand and if you 
exclude that what kind of growth it would look like? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
I think it's a good question. So, what we will do is, we will have to do a 
bit of analysis there. Definitely, as the inflation expands and the price 
expands, there is a definite effect of it, but I would say it's a mix of solid 
demand plus the price expansion. But let me give you a bit of a flavor 
with Sanjeev Arora who runs our motion business. So, maybe one of the 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 31 
businesses he can pick up so that he gives a bit of a kind of a micro 
snapshot of the business so that it gives you a flavor. 
Sanjeev Arora: 
As in the earlier question you must have heard that how the raw material 
prices are hurting, but then when the demand is there, it's a bit easy to 
pass on to the customers. Of course, it hurts, but then we have to do that. 
Giving a ballpark number of 18% to 20% of the price increase if we 
compare last Q1 to this Q1, it would be on the price increases roughly 
and then balance, of course, the natural growth of say in motion business 
say around 8% to 10%. 
So roughly about 18% to 20% on the price 
increases and balance the natural growth and the way we are penetrating 
into the various geographical segments, exports is growing, we are in 
tier-2, tier-3 cities, nascent stages of entering new businesses also like 
having new products like what Sanjeev showed about flame proof 
motors. So, I think these all put together has given us both the growth 
momentum from the market standpoint as well as the price increases. 
So, the combined effect has been quite good for us. 
Ankur Sharma: 
If I may just follow up on the export side, one of the slides it was 
specifically mentioned that exports doing pretty well on the motors 
business. If you could help us how much is exports today of the total 
motors business, any new markets, products, what's really happening 
there, what's driving this growth for us? 
Sanjeev Arora: 
I think it is good to know that what is driving this and the way we are 
operating in our factories, the on-time deliveries, the quality and the 
technology what we have in India is driving this growth. And the story 
has just begun and it will continue. As far as the numbers, I would say 
that we have a very good growth. That is the statement what I can make 
because I cannot say much beyond this, but I can assure you that this is 
just a beginning. 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 31 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Just to compliment what Sanjeev Arora said, so we have export growth, 
so we did mention plus-33% expansion and give, our operations are 
world-class, so we have more and more markets being allocated to us as 
far as North America, South America and other locations. So, our 
products are flowing in all the directions. That’s the effect comes when 
the global allocation comes to a factory, expansion comes beyond the 
domestic market. It has a really an exponential effect. That exponential 
effect is built into our export performance. So, that's what happens with 
other product lines also. We are exporting more than motors. So, as the 
geopolitical things as well as other things play out, as and when our 
global team members become comfortable that India can serve certain 
key markets, then we always see an exponential effect on those product 
line and luckily we have created a lot of local supply chains and we are 
very competitive in the domestic market and when we are competitive 
in a domestic market which is so price-sensitive, then competing outside 
is a leverage. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Mongia from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Mongia: 
The first question that I had was more on margin. See, at this point of 
time you are a double-digit PBT margin. Could you give us some color 
on the journey towards the double digit PAT margin that you may want 
to kind of think through? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
I would again repeat what I said last time. This question of course comes 
every quarter. So, I think the first step which we had to reach is to post 
a credible double-digit margin at the PBT level year-on-year. So, we 
first started to reach that in Q4 of '21 and this what I mean is without 
exceptional items because exceptional items is something which we 
don't consider, it's a one-time topic. So, that's something which we 
would like to stabilize. So, when we embark on this particular journey, 
so there are definitely a lot of headwinds in respect to various topics 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 31 
which comes. So, we need to manage that as well and continue to co-
oppose the 10% of double-digit margin on the PBT level. Yes, our vision 
is to make sure that in the medium term we are there at the PAT of 
double digits. So, that's important for us as a target to achieve. But we 
first do this 10% of PBT level year-on-year. So, I think we need to wait 
for the first year of 10 percentage PBT on a holistic level that we do 
without exceptional items and then we immediately shift our gear, how 
do we improve from there to translate it into the PAT level. Hopefully, 
I think we also expect some relaxations from the government as well in 
terms of corporate tax reduction that could also help us. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Second question that I had was on newer areas from where you're getting 
orders specifically let's say energy efficiency, I wanted to get a sense 
from you whether numbers are becoming impactful for you already, 
what kind of response you're getting from customers? If you could give 
some more sense on whether the opportunity size is higher on the 
industrial side or on the commercial building side? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
I think my colleagues will also help mere here. One thing you should 
know, and I can say by experience and my colleagues also experience it, 
fundamentally the market and the market participants mindset is 
changing. Now everybody is looking for the best-in-quality product. I 
think there's a quite a marked shift on the quality and the technology side 
of acquisition by our customers and our exposure of our portfolio is 
more on the industrial customers than on the government customers, but 
in the government again, we have railways and metros and they're 
buying best-in-quality and best-in-class components because of their 
fast trains as well as metro because there's no compromise on those 
qualities and they're looking for more and more public infrastructure 
opportunities. But largely industry again, digitalization, energy 
efficiency, they are becoming a very thoughtful and very conscious 
aspiration with every acquisition customers are making. And that's 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 31 
where our portfolio falls in a very sweet spot, whether it's a residential 
building, people are doing automation of their homes, be it in the offices, 
people are doing automation of their offices, like the building we are 
sitting here and talking to you, it's our own building, we are using 5,000 
ABB products, out of which 500 are connected digital product and it 
reduces the energy footprint of our building by 35% and it is being 
documented by our building management system and as we say in 2030, 
the 70% of the buildings that will exist, they don't exist right now, they'll 
be yet to be constructed. And this movement is going in that direction, 
whether it is hotels. Smarter thing is that it is not the multinational or the 
global company, it is the domestic customers, domestic corporates, who 
are consciously buying the energy efficiency portfolio, number one. 
With that consciousness they save money like you saw my slide about 
RE-100. Of course, it's a good credential that we are buying green 
energy but it saves me 30% energy cost and that consciousness and 
awareness is coming into the customers in making smart decisions about 
energy efficiency is more productivity for their people. So, that's the 
kind of a trend we are seeing in the marketplace and we are seeing a 
marked shift in the attitudes and the acquisition behavior of our 
customers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Charanjit Singh from DSP Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Charanjit Singh: 
My first question is you have talked about the enquiry pipeline remains 
strong. So, if you can touch upon any key segments where you are seeing 
this pipeline to be strong or quantification in terms of how large is this 
pipeline or how it would have grown over the last couple of quarters? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
So, you saw the segment picture I showed you. When you saw a high 
green and slightly less green and yellow, that represents our so-called 
view of market formation. So, dark green means 15%+ growth in the 
enquiry base. Then when we talk about light green, it is 10%+ market 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 23 of 31 
growth. And then we look into the yellow one, it is say 7%, 8%, 9%. So, 
that correspondingly we get to see the enquiry build up there. What we 
are saying is that the yellow one which is basically the core sector, there 
the next cycle of CAPEX has to start and we have started seeing the kind 
of the preparation by the large corporate in the steel, cement and many 
other core sectors and that will play out as we go forward. But in terms 
of quantifying, we use some digital tools where every sales person who's 
operating in the market knows his enquiry base and all what we do is we 
also monitor how much conversion we are doing it out of that base and 
that's where most of our efforts go and so far given plus-26% growth 
that our conversion rate is good, but in my view it can be better. 
Charanjit Singh: 
My other question is if I look at this channel mix, so distributors have 
become 34% in our overall channel mix and our nature of the products 
is also more short cycle, we talked about expanding into tier two, tier 
three markets. So, if you can touch upon this entire channel expansion 
and industrial products company looking at more of channel-driven 
sales, also, looking at tier-two, tier-three markets, so how is this entire 
business prospect changing and how does this distribution channel mix 
look like maybe going forward for ABB India. 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
I'll answer it partly and then I'll invite Sanjeev's comment because he's 
a master in this area. So, as far as we are concerned, we are producing 
products in the company. When we call it products, so you understand 
there are three types of products. One is called you have the Manufacture 
To Stores, (MTS) products wherein you produce it, put into a box, you 
get an order, and it gets ships out. Then there's an MTO product, which 
is called Made To Order, wherein the same product which is MTS, you 
put a relay or some kind of add-on accessories and then it gets shipped 
out. And then you have ETO product which is Engineer to Order. We 
use our products but you put them into a subsystem and then you ship 
out because that next level of value add. Now, these kind of products 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 24 of 31 
when you have, what happens is, there's already a defined use by the 
channels, panel builders, integrators who are serving their customers in 
their proximity. And that's the muscle of ABB that not only our sales 
people, our engineers, but we have a huge battery of people who are 
earning their bread and butter every day and every morning and 
expanding the wealth of their families using our products and our 
portfolio and they are very loyal to us and we continue to train them and 
continue to empower them to do more business in tier-1. And since the 
GDP growth is going into tier-2, tier-3, it's a very natural for us to 
expand there. Then what happen is our production lines are same, more 
you sell in the marketplace, more pull it creates for the products from 
our shelves and then the magic happens because you hit the break-even 
point and after the break-even point, EBITDA is a natural effect in terms 
of traction of it and this is a very fantastic business related to a very 
project heavy business which is top line interesting but then it takes a lot 
of time to convert profits and convert cash out of it. So, this kind of 
business again converts orders into cash very quickly. It's very elastic, if 
your ability to serve and technology is good and perception is good, then 
you get a multiplier effect very quickly. 
Sanjeev Arora: 
Sanjeev, you have said it all, but as the word says, so partner is important 
in that. So, they are our partners. And it becomes our moral 
responsibility also to groom them to that level that how we impart our 
technical training, how we impart them all sorts of factory knowhow, 
how we produce motors, what are the USPs or drives or switchgear. And 
then on top of it, how we are actually managing our tier-2, tier-3 cities, 
which are our white spots and we continuously add the channel partners 
and also engage in monitoring their performance and supporting them 
to add new product portfolios of ABB. Humbly speaking, ABB is one 
company where if a channel partner is there, he can sell anything in 
ABB's portfolio and then he grows as a natural growth also. So, I think 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 25 of 31 
it's a win-win situation and you will see more I would say force into this 
in coming time. 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
So, just to give you a breakdown, we had about 70% in MTO, MTS and 
ETO space, 20% in service and about 10% in project business. But this 
project business will expand when the CAPEX in the large heavy 
industry comes. I really like this portfolio because elasticity of it is to 
the market demand is very good. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
First, I would like to hop on the point of margins. When we compare the 
numbers on a year-on-year basis, we see that the exports and services 
have grown much slower at 3% versus the overall sales growth of 20% 
as well as we see the direct sales to customers is lower versus 34% of 
sales is down to 32%. But despite that we have improved our overall 
margins as well as gross margins. So, if you could highlight a few points 
what is driving this margin expansion in the current quarter and going 
forward as the mix improves given the strong inflows on exports and 
services, how should we look at the margins panning out say over the 
next four to eight quarters? 
TK Sridhar: 
Margin is a product of various elements into that. So, first you have the 
volume impact, then the mix impact of the business is what we deliver 
and also we have the impact of what is the sort of the supply chain 
efficiencies which we operate. So, do we have this particular track 
within the company? Answer to that is, yes. Can we sort of share it with 
you? Answer to that is no because that's something which is sensitive 
for the market and it affects the competitiveness of any organization for 
that matter. So, now how do we drive this is very important. Every 
business definitely has a KPI that they have to be strong enough in the 
top line and the bottom line as well. So, the business leaders drive this 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 26 of 31 
particular agenda in terms of how they maintain the market leadership 
with the right mix and leveraging on their built up capacities at minimum 
cost. As what Sanjeev was mentioning, while we are definitely looking 
at ESG as a topic which is supposed to be not only a compliance topic, 
but also a business enabler for the reason a) it helps us to showcase these 
separate topics to the customers to get more businesses, from the quality 
of customers improve we get a better pricing and b) it also helps us 
reduce the cost on the other side. So, our energy cost comes down, our 
water consumption comes down, our waste management control comes 
down. So, those particular expenses which normally are not seen with 
the common eyes comes down and that also impacts our competitiveness 
in a positive way. Now coming to the trajectory as to how do you want 
to see it, as I mentioned, so our first goal is to make sure that we remain 
credible on delivering that double digit profitability at PBT level without 
any exceptional items. That is something which is foremost and most 
critical for us this year and we do not want to get disturbed to look at 
how it translates to PAT in immediate future because we are in the next 
two years we do foresee certain headwind and risk as what you see, for 
example, the geopolitical stuff was not visible one quarter before, but 
we got impacted badly because our exports which are there or the global 
outputs could be impacted like that. So, that was an example. So, that 
being the case, our first this thing is to do double-digit in the medium-
term, definitely work with the other levers to make sure that we are 
going to go there to 10% PAT. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Second question is on the employee strength. What we see from the 
annual report is increased significantly in the last one year, broadly our 
employee expenses were in that Rs.570, 580 crores ballpark number for 
the past couple of years and we have also paid out some variable bonuses 
in the current quarter. So, going forward, how should we look at the 
overall employee strength since you mentioned we will be utilizing cash 
to expand capacities, should it increase at a much faster pace than what 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 27 of 31 
is the trajectory that we have seen in the past three, four years or this is 
more like a one-time build up and we shouldn't see a similar 
proportionate increase in future? Given a parent company has mentioned 
the listing of e-mobility division will be completed in the current quarter, 
what will be its likely impact on the Indian business? 
TK Sridhar: 
First one is about the employee strength. First of all, in today's market, 
employee is one of the very key factors with the backlog which we have 
or any company has it. We need to make sure that the employees are 
retained. so that's something which we want to do. So, while attrition is 
good but attrition beyond an extent is something which will hamper our 
deliverables to the customer. So, that's something which we do not want 
to run. Typically, when it comes to digital and automation skills, that's 
something which is very sought-after skill in the market and that's 
something which we want to retain. The annual increases will continue 
year-on-year, but we are only trying to make sure that our personal 
expenses are within the range of 8% to 9% of our sales, which is what 
has been our trend is what we would like to maintain. While we do this, 
I think there are certain great initiatives by the business leaders in terms 
of automating and robotizing some of their operations on the shop floor 
so that they're flexible with their capacities in terms of how they could 
manage with less people and more automation. So, that's also something 
which all business leaders are working on. It’s important for us to be 
agile. Long ones are short is we will have employee cost between 8% to 
9%. Digital and the automation capacity skill sets are important for us 
to fuel the next set of growth which will happen, and the capacities will 
be managed with balancing between automation and headcount. On the 
e-mobility part of it, it's a global initiative, so we have nothing to do with 
it in India at this point of time. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from 
Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 28 of 31 
Ravi Swaminathan: My question is with respect to the good growth that we have seen with 
respect to the electrification products. If you can break that growth into 
what kind of price increase was it, how much of it was led by distribution 
reach increase and growth across different low voltage and medium 
voltage products? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
I would say it’s safe to assume. I think it's a similar pattern. I don't have 
Kiran right now; he was engaged somewhere else, he would have given 
you more precise numbers, but I think it's safe to assume what Sanjeev 
Arora replied earlier for the motion business. 
Ravi Swaminathan: The growth in the process automation business has been on the softer 
side. The run rate still in terms of orders it's more like 400, 450 crores. 
The last quarter was kind of more like an exception, while the other two 
segments have grown consistently whereas this segment has been on the 
softer side. Any particular reason behind that? 
Sanjeev Arora: 
Process automation has got two major businesses which is energy 
management divisions, another one is the process industries which 
caters to cement, mining, steel sector. So, as Sanjeev was saying, those 
customers lie in the 7-8% growth sectors which is a core sector. So, 
naturally their growth will not be as exciting as what EL & MO is 
posting at this point of time and they are also project business which is 
more cyclical and depending on CAPEX this thing. PA, if you want to 
look at, it we need to look at a three-year rolling average or four-quarter 
rolling average and that gives you more color rather than looking at 
quarter-to-quarter. 
Ravi Swaminathan: My last question is with respect to the slide 13 that you had mentioned, 
high moderate low. Each of these categories, if you can give the breakup 
of contribution to your overall revenue, so basically how much would 
be the revenue contribution from the high growth segment from the 
moderate and the medium growth segment? 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 29 of 31 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Ravi, that's a very good question. I'm also very interested to know that. 
But we had 20 divisions operating in 23 market segments. We do that 
analysis, but I think we are not in a position to immediately share it with 
you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Mahawar from Edelweiss. 
Please go ahead. 
Amit Mahawar: 
I just have two quick questions. First is if you see the electrification 
product division, the growth has been pretty strong, more than 30% vis-
à-vis last two to three year average. Is it right to say that this segment is 
where we've seen the maximum addition in mandates both globally and 
domestic market the addressable market expansion? And can we see the 
profitability scale up in this segment in line with that in terms of 
potential? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
So, I would say, we have four engines and I think since you are the 
market president, I am sure analyze these securities for all the 
companies. So, I like our portfolio because it has a different aspects of 
it, but motion and EL, I would say they are part of our growth portfolio. 
PA is more cyclic because the CAPEX needs to come in. As far as the 
robotics is concerned, it’s really a high growth segment for us. So, that's 
how it is. In terms of global mandate, EL and MO has a very strong kind 
of a global mandate because they already have a very good footprint in 
the country, high localization, and also very good market shares in the 
right market segments for us. So, that's anyway has a very good flow not 
only for domestic but also increasingly for the export market. When it 
comes to robotics, I think you may have heard me before, globally, 
similar market use 120 robots for 10,000 workers, we use six robots per 
10,000 workers. So, it's no brainer that market continues to grow at a 
faster rate and that we enjoy. Process automation actually is a system 
business, but it integrates a lot of MO and EL products part of their 
portfolio apart from control system. So, whenever the CAPEX gets 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 30 of 31 
picked up, that cyclicity again gives us the benefit as we go forward. 
They have a very strong service business on our install base and that 
again we continue to grow as the more opening takes place and more 
demand of service on the OPEX side comes on the PA side. So, I would 
say we have a fairly strong mandate from globally for all the divisions 
at this point of time. But yes, it is true, robotics is smallest, but at the 
same time we have put it into a long play for us. 
Amit Mahawar: 
What was the FOREX gain in this Q1 vis-à-vis last year Q1? 
TK Sridhar: 
So, it's a bit of a more minute detail. I will send you a note. Is that okay? 
Amit Mahawar: 
Sure. 
TK Sridhar: 
I think we are at 15 minutes quarter after four o'clock. So, probably it's 
time to close the call. So, thank you everyone for attending this 
particular call and also the efforts gone in preparation for this and also 
the management team which took out their time to attend to this call. 
Pretty interesting. We really enjoyed the call. And we're also excited 
with our journey on the ESG stuff which is not just the ESG but as an 
enabler for the business, sustainability in practice. So, with these words, 
we look forward too soon in this year at least try to have a face-to-face 
meeting with all analysts sometime in the right time so we could 
probably decide so that the analysts are also taken care of. Thank you 
very much for attending and looking forward to talk to you in the next 
quarter. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ABB India Limited, that concludes 
this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited for improving readability) 
A IB IB
A»»

 
ABB India Limited 
May 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 31 of 31 
 
Investor / Analyst contact: 
TK Sridhar 
Chief Financial Officer   
sridhar.tk@in.abb.com 
 
Sohini Mookherjea 
Country Communication Head 
sohini.mookherjea@in.abb.com 
  
Registered Office: 
ABB India Limited 
Plot No. 5 & 6, 2nd Stage, 
Peenya Industrial Area IV, Peenya 
Bangalore 560058 
Karnataka 
 
CIN: L32202KA1949PLC032923 
https://new.abb.com/indian-subcontinent 
 
A IB IB
A»»
