Date: 1 01h May, 2022 
To, 
The Manager, 
Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Service Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 . 
Dear Sir I Madam, 
The Manager, 
Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C11 , 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 . 
Re: 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited. Script Code & 10: 534369/ TBZ 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors/ Analyst 
The Company had organized a conference call with the Investors I Analysts on 
Friday, 61h May, 2022 at 4.30 p.m. (1ST). A copy of transcript of conference call held 
with the Investors/ Analysts is enclosed herewith and the same has also been put up 
on the Company's Website at www.tbztheoriginal.com.The audio recording of the 
Conference call was submitted to the Stock Exchanges on 61h May, 2022. 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
Niraj Oza 
Head - Legal & Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
The ongtnal 51rK..e 1864 
TRll!IIOVANOAS BIIIMJI LAVUtl Ll"O. 
CIN No L27205MH2007PLC172598 
RE:Jgo OffiCe 241 243 Zove11 Bazar. MumbO 400 002 Tet 
... 91 22 3956 5001 91 22 4046 5001 
c 
p OH 
1 I rn r 
•'• 
• ,., ng Tu o 
c,..o<T~t>o w r 
rrc JQufllO Rcx>;l r~o mo rv • M. tJn 
400 021 
r 
022 :l07J 5000 91 22 492!'> 5000 
www tbLnleoug no co~ 

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited  
Earnings Conference Call  
May 06, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, Ladies and gentlemen. I am Mike, moderator for this conference. Welcome to 
the Q4 and FY22 Earnings Conference Call of Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited organized by 
Dickenson World IR. At this moment, all participants are in the listen-only mode. Later we will 
conduct a question-and-answer session. At that time if you wish to ask a question, you may 
press “*” and “1” on a telephone keypad. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
would now like to hand over the floor to Ms. Pushpa Mani. Over to you, Ma’am. 
Pushpa Mani: 
Thank you, Mike. Good evening, everyone. I welcome you all to the earnings call of TBZ Limited 
for the fourth quarter and year ended March 22. Today on this call, the management of TBZ 
Limited will be represented by Ms. Binaisha Zaveri – Whole Time Director, and Mr. Saurav 
Banerjee – Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, I would like to remind you all that 
remarks made today might include some forward-looking statements and actual results may 
differ materially from those contemplated by forward looking statements. Any statement 
made today on this call is based on our assumption as of the date, and we are under no 
obligation to update the statements as a result of any new information or future events. I would 
now like to invite Ms. Binaisha Zaveri to make the opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, 
ma’am.  
Binaisha Zaveri: 
Good evening, everyone. I welcome you all to the earnings calls of Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri 
Limited for the fourth quarter and the financial year ended March 2022. Thank you for sparing 
your valuable time and joining us here today.  
 
The year gone by posed several challenges to the business due to COVID-related disruptions 
and geopolitical disturbances. Despite the challenging operational environment, TBZ registered 
YoY revenue growth while curtailing operating expenses. As restrictions eased and vaccination 
permeated in large populations, there was a gradual return to normalcy. As a result, customer 
sentiments improved, and there was a steady incline in footfalls at the store level. Pent-up 
demand for diamond jewellery, wedding purchases, and festival buying led to the healthy 
conversion of the increased footfall, However, gold price increased, widespread lockdown, and 
the emerging Omicron variant resulted in customers deferring or reducing their outlay towards 
jewellery purchasing in Q4. As we focus, the customer communicates brand recall and brand 
commercials.  

 
Page 2 of 14 
 
We also implemented strategic brand-centric campaigns, including discounts and special offers 
connected to specific products and strengthening our visibility across social media and digital 
channels. These digital campaigns also had a positive rub-on effect in driving store footfalls. 
Through these various initiatives, we maintained TBZ’s strong positioning as a preferred 
jewellery destination that caters to all occasions, weddings, and everyday jewellery. 
 
In the current ensuing fiscal period of FY2023, TBZ is once again in an expansion mode and fully 
geared up to reap to benefits of fairer weather; we are pleased to announce that after two 
years of pause caused by Covid-19, we are shortly about to launch our new store very soon.  
 
The Inventory levels as of 31st March 22 were strategically kept at adequate levels to cater to 
the rising demand during festivals like Gudi Padwa and Akshaya Tritiya in the month of April 
and May. Borrowings also seem to be inflated because of the higher utilization of bank limits 
to maintain high inventory levels. Inventory and borrowings will taper down soon as sales are 
out of the current inventory. Our efforts have positively impacted our balance sheet to reach 
our planned levels.  
 
Customer preferences for branded jewellery continue to sustain, giving TBZ a strong brand pull. 
With our continuous efforts towards product innovation, the launch of new collections, and 
brand promotion, the company shall be firmly positioned to gather further momentum in the 
market field.  
 
We shall continue to remain vigilant in ensuring our Balance Sheet remains strong and 
maintaining a robust retail sales strategy to drive higher store footfalls.  We will also focus on 
our online customer engagements to support our digital revenues and generate healthy profits. 
We also intend to improve our margins further and acquire customers while maintaining our 
discipline on cost control measures.  
 
I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Saurav Banerjee, for a quick overview of 
the financial performance; thank you, and over to you.  
Saurav Banerjee: 
First, I will read out the quarter numbers total income from operations- ₹431.49 crore vis-a-vis 
₹366.08 crore YoY growth of about 18%. Gross profit ₹45 crore vis-a-vis ₹47.19 crore; gross 
margin 10.44% vis-a-vis 12.89%, EBITDA at ₹15.44 crore vis-a-vis ₹20.40 crore. PBT has ₹2.84 
crore vis-a-vis ₹10.78 crore and PAT at ₹2.43 crore vis-a-vis ₹8.60 crore. For the full year, the 
numbers are total income from operations ₹1843.84 crore vis-a-vis ₹1341.99 crore. Gross 
profit at ₹197 crore vis-a-vis ₹213 crore, gross margins at 10.7% vis-a-vis 15.9%. EBITDA at 
₹72.35 crore vis-a-vis ₹120.97 crore. PBT at ₹22.88 crore vis-a-vis ₹59 crore and PAT at ₹17.11 
crore vis-a-vis ₹43 crore. We can now go ahead with the Q&A session.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Sonali Rao from SR Financial Services. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 3 of 14 
Sonali Rao: 
I want to understand how has been the contribution from Kalpavruksha scheme in this quarter 
and also for the financial year 2022? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
The Kalpavruksha scheme, which is our EMI based saving scheme, has done pretty well in this 
entire year, and we have realised the sale of more than ₹130 crore from this scheme for the 
full year. Quarter sales also is in line with the overall number; about ₹30 odd crore being 
realised in this quarter. In terms of advances that we have received as EMI against Kalpavruksha 
scheme, more than ₹100 crores of advances have come in by way of EMIs that will mature 
eventually and result in further development, sales in the forthcoming period, which is in this 
financial year. Usually, Kalpavruksha scheme when it matures and when there is a redemption 
which happens there is an upselling which also happens, for example, if someone’s maturity 
amount is ₹ 1 lakh, it has been seen that most customers end up buying jewellery (worth) 
₹1,30,000, ₹1,40,000 or even ₹1,50,000. So, anything between 30% to 50% of upselling is also 
happening through the Kalpavruksha plans.  
Sonali Rao: 
I have one more question. We have seen the jewellery sector consolidating now, especially 
after hallmarking is made compulsory. So, I just want to ask how is the competitive intensive, 
especially post hallmarking, is being made compulsory I, also wanted to know the competitive 
intensity from all other unorganized players in the market? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, you are right. There is a lot of consolidation which is happening, and also the organized 
sectors share in the entire industry is increasing. So, the percentage of organized shares is 
currently a little above 30%. At one point of time, it was less than 10%. So obviously the 
organized sector is growing pretty fast, and the unorganized sector is finding difficult to keep 
pace with the kind of growth because of various regulatory measures that have been 
implemented by the government. As you rightly mentioned one of them and a very significant 
one is hallmarking because hallmarking ensures that the customer gets the exact what they are 
looking for, what they are paying for in terms of the purity. TBZ as a brand has been selling 
hallmark jewellery for ages now nothing new as far as TBZ is concerned in terms of hallmarking, 
but it is a game changer for lots of unorganized players who were probably not really getting 
the jewellery hallmarked, which they have to do mandatorily now. So, it is a game changer. The 
competitive environment is extremely strong, extremely stiff I would say lots of players in the 
market several national brands are competing for the market share, regional brand and also 
mom and pop shops who has one or two stores in a particular city, but in those cities, they 
have strong legacy or loyalty of customers following them. So, overall, the competitive spirit is 
very high, which is good for the industry because it brings out the best from every player and 
also the customer benefits in the long run.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Harish Shah from HS Shah. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 4 of 14 
Harish Shah: 
I have some questions from my side. First of all, like, we saw the revenue for the full year and 
the quarter is increasing, but we feel that there was a decline in large margins, so if we can get 
the reason for that, that is my number one questions and secondly, how do you see the EBITDA 
margins and PAT margins panning out for the FY23 that is my second question? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, you are right. The revenues have increased substantially, particularly for the full year. The 
margins have fallen to a certain extent both are correct. I will tell you the reasons briefly. First, 
coming to the gross profit margins it is dependent on numerous factors. One, of course, is the 
gold price movement. The second is the product mix that a company sells. So, for example, TBZ 
suppose it is having a gold and diamond product mix of say 75:25; 75% being gold and 25% 
being diamond, and suppose it changes to say 79:21 or 80:20 because of customer preferences 
of buying which can sometimes change towards gold, gold being a safer haven and having seen 
the kind of economic stress and strain that everybody has gone through the natural tendency 
of every buyer is to lean towards gold in difficult circumstances, as compared to diamond. So, 
when there is a shift in the product mix, it is a significant shift even a 1% shift in product mix is 
a significant shift. Why? the reason is that diamond GP margins are generally three times that 
of gold. So, for example, if gold margins are at an approximate 10%, diamond margins will be 
30%. So, this kind of shift, when it happens it, starts impacting the GP, although these are 
temporary phenomenon. In the longer run, things even out, but in the Quarter 4 and also to a 
certain extent in the full year, there has been a little bit of shift towards gold more than what 
used to happen earlier that is one important reason I would say. The other is that the company 
and, in fact, the entire industry has just come out of a pandemic kind of a situation. I would 
now like to elaborate. Everybody knows what the entire world has gone through, and the focus 
of the company was to get back the customer into the store. So, the customer were not sure 
of what was happening, there was a sense of fear because of the kind of infection that was 
spreading, vaccination and every other step taken by the government helped, and finally, the 
customers were eager to come out or cater to the pent- up demand. Still, the role that the 
company has played is to communicate effectively through their marketing campaigns and 
advertising efforts to bring back the customers. The old customers who have sort of shied away, 
they have started coming back. People who were not familiar with the brand, first timers, have 
started to come so there is an increase in the first timer. I would say customers that have come 
into the stores. Overall, the walk-ins have started improving. The focus was entirely on getting 
back the customers, a good conversion ratio, revenue generation, and a high revenue 
generation. So, this year, the great focus was on that, and we have been able to achieve that 
to a great extent. Going forward, obviously, the focus will again be that on the margins so, that 
is one thing. Secondly, as far as EBITDA margins are concerned, there is a dip because the 
operating expense of an increase in this year, or I would rather say that they have come back 
to some kind of normal kind of spends that used to happen earlier. The two major operating 
expenses that have gone up are manpower cost primarily-there was the restoration of the 
entire full pay for all employees, which was restricted during the COVID times. The increments 
that have been rolled out and from a marketing and advertising perspective, there have been 

 
Page 5 of 14 
an increase of approximately ₹19 crore because, as I said, the focus and the strategy of the 
company was to invest in marketing opportunities to bring back the customers, to 
communicate effectively talk about best price, talk about designs, the kind of range that we 
have. I think we have been pretty successful in doing that. In terms of a long-term EBITDA 
margins, I believe that we should be able to go back to the 5% to 6% level in a normal kind of 
scenario- 5% to 6% of EBITDA should be very much possible.  
Harish Shah: 
So, you target 5% to 6% EBITDA margins by this current FY23? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
You asked about FY23. 
Harish Shah: 
So, this would be by the higher EBITDA margin would be again any strategy for achieving? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, of course, there is a strategy behind everything. So, basically, as I said that we will be 
focusing on selling better and realizing greater margins from what we sell. So, there will be a 
greater focus on studded jewellery, and antique jewellery and also primarily on diamond 
jewellery which, as I said, I just explained that it would be in greater margin and of course, 
there will be a tight control on the cost now that we have understood what needs to be done 
and how it needs to be done to sort when we are coming out of a very unprecedented situation. 
Going back to the normal situation, things will be relatively easier to monitor. And we are pretty 
confident that the EBITDA margins will increase in the current financial year.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Kritika Jain from SS Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Kritika Jain: 
My first question is regarding our expansion plans in terms of a store expansion plans for FY23 
and FY24. Any idea on how many stores addition we are targeting and in which geographies, 
and what kind of revenue are we targeting from those store addition? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
So, in fact, in terms of expansion, we are gearing up for the first store under the expansion 
plan, which should be coming up by the end of this month or by the first week of June. This will 
be, of course, in the new Bombay area, a size of approximately 2,200 square feet, so size 
medium-size store, which is coming up, as I said very soon shortly and post that we shall be 
looking at further expansions during the financial year. I am talking about FY22-23 now. So, we 
are targeting about 5 to 6 stores overall in this financial year. We need to see when we will get 
to open them it will obviously happen the first one as I said, it is coming up. In terms of 
geography or regions, we are focusing on two kinds of region areas- one is where we are 
already present and where we think that there is a need for an additional store because the 
city itself would have grown, the population would have grown, people are reluctant to travel 
too much nowadays they want everything at the doorstep. So, there are opportunities to open 
more stores in existing cities also looking at one or two areas where we will be like entering for 
the first time in that city because we think that’s the kind of gentry that is present, the 

 
Page 6 of 14 
population and the targeted audience or the targeted customers we will be able to find good 
sort of I would say aspirational purchase coming out from those cities. So, these are the two 
kinds of geographical areas that we are looking at. 
Kritika Jain: 
What kind of revenue are we targeting from the addition? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Let us say a store which will be about 2,200 odd square feet having an inventory of say around 
₹25 to ₹30 crore, we should be able to get in the first year we should be able to get about 
anything between ₹40 to ₹50 crore of revenues obviously going forward the revenue will start 
increasing because the inventory turns will improve. So, this is the modest number I am talking 
about; maybe a conservative number it should be a little bit higher on that.  
Kritika Jain: 
And if you could give us any guidance on the CAPEX for the next two years, inclusive of our 
planned store expansion? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
So, CAPEX is not really much. It is a small amount simply because the stores that we open, let 
us say the store that I have been talking about, will probably have a CAPEX at max ₹ one crore. 
So, if it is a slightly larger store, 3,000 odd square feet, it may go up to ₹1.5 crore or a maximum 
₹ two crore. So, if I am opening five stores, it will be at max ₹ ten crore for one financial year, 
in all probability less than that but let us say ₹ ten crore.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Neha Sharma from Pearl Globe 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Neha Sharma: 
Sir, could you please (throw) some light on the kind of sales you are generating from the online 
channel? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
So, we are present online, yes, but that is a very small percentage of our total revenues that 
we generate. It is a small number as of now. Obviously, we are trying to ensure that number 
steadily increases, and efforts are being made to invest in those opportunities, but as of now, 
it is a very small number not worth really mentioning. Perhaps by the end of this financial year 
or going into FY23-24, we should be able to talk a little more. I would say in details about online 
revenue is being generated.  
Kritika Jain: 
Sir, also, if it is possible, could you give the numbers for the quarter and full year? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Online.  
Kritika Jain: 
Yes.  
Saurav Banerjee: 
It is a really small number, ma’am. Not really anything much significant, a very small number.  
Kritika Jain: 
Also, if you could let us know the margins? 

 
Page 7 of 14 
Saurav Banerjee: 
So, it is all jewellery. I mean, whatever is being sold in a brick-and-mortar store is what is 
available, not the entire range, obviously. So, the margins are truly the same.  
Kritika Jain: 
Sir, also, what are your plans for further expansion on online sales going ahead.  
Saurav Banerjee: 
As I said that we are looking into and we are investing in that opportunity, the company will 
shortly be getting ready to come up with its own platform. Earlier, we have been present on 
the marketplace that forms like Flipkart and Amazon, and Snapdeal, but now we have moved 
away from that, and we are looking to have our own online platform.  
Kritika Jain: 
And what kind of competition are you seeing in for the online channel? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Competition well online as a jewellery opportunity online sale is still in the initial stages of its 
career if I may say so. So, in fact you would have seen that some of the online players who 
started 100% online are now coming back and opening physical stores. So, there are few brands 
which are relatively well known in the online space, and they are coming out establishing a 
brick-and-mortar stores. So, I think online as a platform for jewellery sales need to mature a 
little more in this country.  
Kritika Jain: 
Last one thing I notice, sir, from last 8 quarters, we are seeing a diamond sales share has never 
crossed 30%. If you compare it to our peers, it is not increasing that much; could you throw 
some light on that? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yeah, so diamond sales margins at 30% average is a fairly healthy margin, I would say. See, it 
depends on what kind of range of products that is being sold or is being offered to the 
customers. We believe that every customer will have a different kind of a budget, and different 
kind of preference for diamond purchases, and we would like to cater to that earlier. We have 
run campaigns on the affordable diamond, which probably you would have noticed, or you 
would have heard about. The word speaks for itself affordable, so what we have tried to do is 
that we have tried to increase our customer base, we have tried to make diamond jewellery 
more and more popular, and more and more, I would say suited to the pockets of the 
individual. So, that is something that we have tried to do. We believe that this strategy will 
ultimately pay greater results. The diamond market will mature, the jewellery market for 
diamond will mature further and further, and there will be a tendency of customers to check 
out the diamond jewellery nowadays as you know, gold is firm favorite, but once that change 
happens, even to a certain extent it will help the company to generate greater revenues and 
greater margins.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Komal Arora from Global Investment. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Page 8 of 14 
Komal Arora: 
I have got two questions. Could you please elaborate for brand building and promotion going 
ahead as we have seen this quarter you have invested in the same, and what kind of percentage 
of revenue you have targeted for this current fiscal FY23? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Brand building and advertising activities and efforts is an ongoing process. They go hand in 
hand, sometimes, we are focusing on practical campaigns or product-specific or region-specific 
campaigns, and sometimes, we are doing activities to increase the brand visibility so that we 
reach out to new customers in the sense that we have new customers walk-ins. For example, 
this year we have seen an increase of new customer walk-ins by more than 10%. We are also 
at the same time looking at customers who were earlier with TBZ but probably have fallen away 
or maybe gotten into a dormant kind of a state, so they are called win-back customers. Thereto 
we have seen an increase of more than digit double-digit in terms of people coming back. So, I 
think as I was trying to say that brand building and advertising activities go hand-in-hand, they 
complement each other. We have a celebrity who endorses our brand who represents our 
brand- Sara Ali Khan. So, I think she is also very popular with the younger generation. She has 
made a mark for herself in representing the company’s products and the various other offering 
offerings. So, I think this is an activity worth investing in. We have actually, as I told earlier to 
someone who has asked a question, we have spent strategically increased our spending on 
brand building and advertising campaigns. So, basically, it is a communication which goes out 
to customers at various stages of their relationship with the company either they are trying to 
figure out whether they should relate to TBZ come as the first-time customer or they will 
continue to be the customers or come back. So, all kinds of customers are targeted through 
various kinds of communication. 
Kritika Jain: 
So, can we call it one of the strategies to increase your market share in the coming years? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, of course, yes.  
Kritika Jain: 
Apart from this one of the strategies, what are the other strategies you have in mind, sir? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Other brand-building strategies. 
Kritika Jain: 
Other than brand building strategically? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
As I was explaining a short while back that we are getting into an expansion mode gradually. 
So, the expansion itself is getting into new areas where we are not present, and obviously, we 
will target the customer base of those areas. It will expand our reach, it will help us penetrate 
deeper into markets wherein, so far, we may not have been present. That is one way of doing 
it which we are going to do. The third is to increase the catchment area itself. So, while we are 
located in a particular city, there is a surrounding area of say 100 to 150 odd kilometers, which 
we look into, and we strategize. We plan for holding an exhibition in those cities. So, those 
people living there get a flavor of TBZ as a brand, and we tried to attract the aspirational mode 

 
Page 9 of 14 
of somebody who wants to associate with the brand instead of trying to always remain with 
the mom-and-pop shops. So, these are the other activities or the efforts that are going into 
increasing market share.  
Kritika Jain: 
And when TBZ plans to achieve double-digit ROCE, basically I am talking about return-on-
capital-employed? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, of course, I mean the entire effort is targeted towards that. It is difficult to say when exactly 
it will happen, but obviously, we would have wanted to happen in this financial year itself.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of KMS Prasad, an investor. Please go 
ahead. 
KMS Prasad: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. During the IPO, it was about 14 showrooms you have and the 
promise of 43 additional showroom within two years. Till date not even 50% of the additional 
showrooms were opened, and the business is not so great. As you know there are so many 
chains that have come up, and this is the problem we have. Why was this promise not fulfilled 
to date? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Currently, we have 31 showrooms. Earlier not so long back, we had more than 40 showrooms. 
So, if you are talking about 14 showrooms, we expanded to more than 40 showrooms, and the 
reason for the climb back, which will happen in the last one and half years, is only because of 
the COVID and the lockdown impacts that impact showrooms the, the company has gone 
through. Let me explain further that several of our smaller showrooms were in the malls, and 
those mall showrooms were opened with a strategy in mind. However, when the COVID-19 
spread across the country and the government imposed a lockdown, as you know, nationwide 
lockdown, and that lockdown was there in place for a fairly long period of time, naturally, one 
of the I would say, public places that was initially and completely lockdown right from day one 
were the malls because there was the fear of the mass spread of COVID if people were 
thronging into malls. Hence the malls became inoperative and there was no way any business 
could have been generated from those malls. So, it made a lot of imminent sense to close down 
those showrooms because they were not going to help in anyway and would just be a I would 
say, a weight full spent. So, I think the company took a very correct decision of closing those 
showrooms and waiting for an opportunity to probably go back and open them when the things 
are better placed. So, the showroom getting closed is also a good strategy to have if it is not 
going to yield any result or if it is not going to generate revenues or profits or margins it makes 
sense not to keep on investing or spending on those tours, but it does not mean that it has 
gone forever. These are temporary measures that the company takes based on situations, and 
we can assure you that going forward, given the good opportunities when the economy is 
already opening up, although there are still some challenges which we are facing because of 
geopolitical reasons, but obviously, everybody is very hopeful that good times will come back 

 
Page 10 of 14 
and then you will surely see that we shall be expanding a little more rapidly. So, that is what I 
wanted to explain to you. 
KMS Prasad: 
From the IPO model in 2012, that is about 10 years now gold prices went up by about three 
times and obviously the top line grows very well, but the IPO prices Rs. 120 and today there is 
an erosion of almost like 50% in terms of rupees Rs. 64 today market price and Rs. 120 of IPO 
price and also if you consider the inflation the shareholder’s value has become zero where the 
problem lies is it the performance in the company performance, the performance with the 
business problem or something else then the shareholder wealth is not improved however 
investor will show interest towards TBZ? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
I understand your question, so sir this is something that the company is constantly working on. 
As you are aware retail jewellery and gems and jewellery sector as a sector has been played or 
has had headwinds because of various reasons ranging from regulatory changes, some kind of 
political kind of changes which have happened because of certain other reasons, but 
unfortunately they have impacted the industry and the company to a certain extent and finally, 
of course, the last two years I mean need not say because of the COVID and lockdown there 
was an impact, but what I can assure you is that we have taken note of this whatever you have 
mentioned just now. We are working towards it, and we should be able to come up to your 
expectations sooner than later. There is no problem with the business model. This is the same 
business model that was there earlier, and it is also a very similar business model to some of 
the other players in the market. There obviously are some changes that will happen from 
company-to-company, but on an overall basis, this is the business model which is being 
followed by several other companies. Some of them are doing reasonably well, some of them 
are doing okay, and some of them are not really performing well. So, we have seen other 
companies who have fallen by the way, and we have seen companies who have been able to 
come out of the challenges that they have constantly faced. I think TBZ has been able to come 
out of those challenges, and yes, I mean there is always scope for improvement, and we shall 
do that, and we shall be able to answer or rather live up to your expectations.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Sonali Rawat from SR Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Sonali Rawat: 
Sir, my question is, as compared to the rest of India, gold consumption in the South part is quite 
high, and we are not very much penetrated over there, so I want to understand if we have any 
plans there to open the shop or to have business in that part of India? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, that is true. The gold consumption in the South is highest in India in the southern region. 
So, it is not that we are not present at all we in fact have few stores there I will inform you. We 
have two stores in Hyderabad in punjagutta and Basheerabad. We have one store in 
Vijayawada; we have one store in Cochin. We had a store in Bangalore, but, because of this 
COVID-related matter, we thought it was better to close down, so anyway, it was not a very big 

 
Page 11 of 14 
store. Panjagutta, Basheerabad, all these stores are doing very well. Panjagutta is one of the 
top five stores for TBZ. So, our presence is very much there in the South, but yes not to the 
extent of some of the other southern players if we were to compare with Kalyan or Joyalukkas 
Malabar or Thangamayil. They are south-centric players, and they are inherent strength lies in 
the way they have begun from that region. So, compared to that, yes, we are not that much 
present. In the future, we shall always look at the opportunities to open stores. If we think that 
there is a city in the South or anywhere else, it does not matter where it may be as long as it 
can cater to the customer taste and preferences and generate revenues and margins for us, we 
will be very keen to open the store in that region. 
Sonali Rawat: 
How do you see the ground situation and the reality, so you know do you see that past in the 
past COVID and on that scenario is the market back to normal. People like there buy luxury 
jewellery, or they are still lived very much normal. 
Saurav Banerjee: 
I could not hear you very well, but I think I have understood what you want to know post-COVID 
yes, the economy is on the rebound. It is gradually settling down this year. In fact, 21-22 has 
been that kind of a year buying the first quarter. The first quarter was badly affected because 
of the second wave and was virtually washed out, but from Quarter 2 onwards we are finding 
that there is some kind of normalcy coming back in Quarter 2, Quarter 3, and Quarter 4 going 
forward into this plus quarter of this financial year also we see the same kind of trends. So, yes, 
I think people are coming back, and the customer sentiments have improved. Again, of course 
we were faced with the challenge because of the Ukraine Russia war and prices shooting up, 
inflationary pressure all over the place. So, these challenges are still existing as of now and 
continuing as of now, but hopefully, you know there will be good measures, and things will be 
improving. So, in that sense, there is a pent-up demand to which we are catering we can see, 
as I told you, that the walk-ins have improved, the revenue generation has improved, and the 
festivity that has just gone by Akshaya Tritiya and earlier Gudi Padwa we could see a lot of good 
traction happening. So, I think going forward, this financial year should be economically better 
for the company. 
Sonali Rawat: 
Do you think that the financial year 23 could be normal in terms of sales there is revenge travel, 
and there is buying going on, so do you see that in the jewellery segment as well? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, so I will not call it revenge, but there is a pent-up demand. I would say there are lots of 
occasions which have unfortunately gone up in people individual life, wedding and many other 
such family occasions which could not be held because of government restrictions and rightly 
so, but now the things are relatively better. I think normalcy will be seen in this year and the 
demands are already being met we can see that the traction, the customer enthusiasm of the 
interest in buying jewellery is coming back quite sharply, quite quickly. We hope that it stays 
that way throughout the year.  

 
Page 12 of 14 
Sonali Rawat: 
And what kind of normalize inventory turnover are you targeting for the company in financial 
year 23? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
In terms of gold and diamond, I will probably talk about blended inventory turns. So, in that 
sense inventory term of close to 2 or 2 blended gold and diamond combined should be a fairly 
good term to have in this financial year.  
Sonali Rawat: 
By any chance, we are planning to go double-digit growth in terms of margins? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
As I was explaining earlier, in terms of gross profit margins, we are already above the double- 
digit admittedly, as of now, the margins were a little lower in this quarter, but on an average, 
the margins have always been in the range of 13.5 to 14.5 even we have seen margins of 15. In 
terms of EBITDA margins, I just explained that we are currently looking at around the 5 to 6% 
range. The. We should be able to make it higher as we go along, but for this financial year, I 
think 5% to 6% is what we are looking at.  
Sonali Rawat: 
And I have a bookkeeping question as well so can we see us in quarter and full year financial 
year 2022? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
I am not able to hear your question.  
Sonali Rawat: 
My question is bookkeeping related question. Could you give me sales in grammage for the 
quarter and the full year for the financial year 2022 and also like year before that? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Sales in grammage will be difficult. Just now I told, I do not have the data, but what I can tell 
you is that there is a volume growth. So, if you are looking at a volume growth, yes, we have 
registered a reasonably healthy volume growth of about 18%.  
Sonali Rawat: 
In the financial year 2022 and in the year before that? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Year before that, there has been some volume growth, about 10% to 12% of volume growth 
has been there not the year before that. Year before that was a COVID year. So, obviously, 
things were very exceptional, but if I am referring to financial year like 18-19 and to a certain 
extent 19-20. 2021 was a very exceptional year, so there was no question of volume growth 
happening in that year.  
Sonali Rawat: 
And can you give me any idea for the coming year, for example, the financial year 2023, any 
idea for or the plan in 2023? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yeah, so we are looking at a double-digit growth certainly for the year 2022-23. I will not be 
able to exactly spell out exactly how much the growth will be, but what we are targeting is a 
digit double-digit growth.  

 
Page 13 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Komal Arora from Global Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Komal Arora: 
Sir, I have a question about this debt level. As we saw in Q4 in the last three-year financial 
years, the debt level has gone up and the back of increasing inventory level, so if you can just 
give some guidance on what kind of normalize debt level the company is, targeting going 
forward? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, the debt level has gone up primarily because we have strategically increased the inventory 
levels to the requirements of the stores also to cater to the festivity, the big festivities, for 
example, Akshaya Tritiya, and thirdly, as I said, the expansion plans that are just around the 
corner. However, what you are looking at a debt level on a reporting date. So, as of 31st March, 
the debt level was said ₹500 odd crore, but if I look at the average debt levels, then for the year 
which is FY21-22, the average debt level was a little more than ₹400 crore. So, that way there 
is no significant increase.  
Komal Arora: 
I have another question because I could not find this gross margin breakup for studded and 
gold jewellery and also if you can talk about the EBITDA margins for both these segments 
separately? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Gems and jewellery are in the retail jewellery space, and it is treated as one segment as per 
the accounting rules. It is not a segment-wise bifurcation. It is treated as just one segment, 
which is jewellery. So, in terms of gross margins, just to give you a flavor, gold gross margins 
can range anything between 10% to 12% approximately within that plain gold jewellery has a 
slightly lower margin, and standard gold jewellery will have a higher margin. Diamond 
jewellery, as I have already mentioned, will be in the range of anything between 30% to 35%.  
Komal Arora: 
Lastly, due to this geopolitical disturbances in COVID, do you feel that people are trusting 
jewellery as a better investment now? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
To a certain extent, yes, not fully, I would say, but yes, to a certain extent, the sales have a 
concept that always comes into people’s mind, particularly in the case of gold. So, whenever 
there is a crisis, any kind of crisis which is like you know global kind of a crisis, then people tend 
to buy gold and treat it as an investment to safeguard for future eventualities.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Pushpa Mani for closing 
comments.  
Pushpa Mani: 
Thank you, everyone for joining us today for this call. In case you have any further queries, you 
can get back to us and our coordinates provided in the investor presentation. Thank you so 
much. 

 
Page 14 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.  
