Aro granite industries ltd. 
Regd. Office : I 00 I, I 0th Floor, DLF Tower A, Jasola, New Delhi - 110 025. 
Phone : 91-11- 41686169, Fax : 91-1.1- 26941984, E-mail : arodelhi@arotile.com 
May 12, 2022 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Floor 25, P.J. Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400001 
(SCRIP CODE: 513729) 
Dear Sir, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza 
Sandra (E) 
Mumbai 400051 
(SCRIP CODE: AROGRANITE/EQ) 
Please find enclosed herewith a copy of the transcript of the conference call with the 
investors held on 05.05.2022 
Thanking You 
Yours faithfully 
For Aro granite industries ltd. 
Compazry 
Encl.: a/a 
CORP. OFF. & WORKS 
KONERIPALLI VILLAGE, SHOOLAGIRI (VIAi, HOSUR TALUK - 635 117, KRISHNAGIRI DIST. TAMIL NADU, !NOIA. 
TEL : 91 - 4344 - 252100 FAX : 91 - 4344 - 252217 E-mail : aro@arotile.com Web : www.arotile.com 
CIN : L 74899DL 1988PLC031510 

Page 1 of 8 
“ARO Granite Industries Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
May 05, 2022 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUNIL KUMAR ARORA – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
ARO GRANITE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SAHIL ARORA – WHOLETIME DIRECTOR, ARO 
GRANITE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. M. MADANGOPAL – CFO, ARO GRANITE 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SABYASACHI PANIGRAHI – LEGAL HEAD AND 
COMPANY SECRETARY, ARO GRANITE INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
MODERATORS: MR. GAURAV SUD – KANAV CAPITAL 

Aro Granite Industries Limited 
May 5, 2022 
Page 2 of 8 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY22 Results Conference Call of ARO 
Granite Industries Limited. As a remainder for the duration of this conference all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. To remove yourself from the queue, you may enter ‘*’ and ‘2.’ 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Gaurav Sud. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Gaurav. 
Gaurav Sud: 
Thanks, Rutuja. Welcome everyone and thanks for joining this Q4 FY22 earnings call for ARO 
Granite Industries. The results and investor updates have been mailed to you and it is also 
available on the stock exchange. In case, anyone does not have a copy of the press release, please 
do write to us, we will be happy to send it over to you. 
To take us through the results of this quarter and answer your questions, we have today with us, 
Mr. Sunil Kumar Arora - Managing Director; Mr. Sahil Arora - Whole Time Director; Mr. 
Madangopal – CFO and Mr. Sabyasachi Panigrahi - Legal Head and Company Secretary. 
We will be starting the call with a brief overview of the company’s performance and then follow 
with a Q&A session. 
I would like to remind you all that everything said on this call that reflects any outlook for the 
future, which can be construed as a forward-looking statement must be viewed in conjunction 
with uncertainties and risks that we face. These uncertainties and risks are included but not 
limited to what we have mentioned in the prospectus filed with SEBI and subsequent annual 
report, which you will find on our website. With that said, I now turn over the call to Mr. Sahil 
Arora. Over to you, Sahil. 
Sahil Arora: 
Thank you, Gaurav. The management of ARO Granite Industries Limited would like to welcome 
you to the year ending concall. Thank you for taking out your time for attending this call. Our 
sales for the year grew 26% to Rs. 226 crores, thanks to a great Q1 and Q2 numbers with profit 
after tax increasing by 47% to Rs. 8.90 crores. The growth in sales and profitability was due to 
a very strong first half of the year. The shipping challenges of Q3 and Q4 however prevented 
our sales increasing even further. 
During the year, our Quartz plant reached good acceptance in the North American markets for 
our basic volume colors and order flows was smooth. Despite the challenges of not having the 
Chinese suppliers technicians onsite we have been able to reduce rejection of contamination to 
low levels. This helped us achieve breakeven levels in the first full year of operations. Quartz 
for the year represented 19% of our total sales. Our Jaipur plant continues to shine with Jaipur 
contributing to 19% of our sales. With four new quarries opening in North India, we ordered a 
second Multiwire to complete the master plan on the factory designed in 2018. The second 
Multiwire cutting machine will increase the capacity from 40 containers to 60 containers per 
month without any additional machinery and building required. In January of 2022, we were 

Aro Granite Industries Limited 
May 5, 2022 
Page 3 of 8 
able to add 7 new colors to our portfolio with our North American customers finally being to 
visit us. Some of these new colors were quickly picked up with repeated orders. 
In South, we continue to struggle with raw materials. With COVID challenges in Q1 affecting 
the labor force and productivities of quarries, our Hosur plant suffered. To compound these 
issues, in the second half of the year, many quarries in Andhra, Telangana and Karnataka also 
closed out due to political pressures. This also affected our Tile plant as some key colors were 
closed and many struggled with labor shortages. Our slab plant in Hosur accounted for 46% of 
our sales and our tile plant accounted for 16% of our total sales. During the end of Q2, the world 
was plunged into a massive supply chain crunch. 
There was a huge container shortage from August to September. This container shortage was 
caused by measures to counteract the spread of COVID-19 and the labor shortages at various 
ports and truck driver shortages at various locations. It was very difficult to get containers which 
cost container prices skyrocket to 3x tox of the regular price in August. This sudden price 
increase led to customers delaying container dispatches. We had with us 250 containers ready, 
inspected and packed without the container to load them in. We included the materials ready, 
but non-inspected. The work in progress and all other materials, we would have more than 500 
containers at that particular point. In October, Los Angeles port had more than 120 container 
vessels waiting to dock and to be unloaded. 
As container availability improved, the price of containers continued to edge upwards with 20 
feet containers to USA and now costing as much as $15,000 per container. The increase in 
availability of containers was mostly due to returning empty containers from West to Asia and 
also the construction of many new empty containers. This additional traffic of movement of 
containers has created a huge congestion at various ports. This is therefore India as we rely on 
all transshipment ports like Colombo, Sri Lanka and Dubai. The congestion has led to a large 
rollover time and increase in total selling time. This has caused further delays in our reorder of 
containers and colors. 
Due to the weekly fluctuation of container rates, customers are not ordering as per projections, 
but only as per actual sales and need be. Some colors are only ordered for immediate sales 
whereas in the past, many warehouses would have stocked them for 9 months as inventory. The 
shipping cost to USA has led to a 40 to 50% increase in the landed price which shipping cost 
going for as much as 10 to 15% of the landed cost in previous years, now being anywhere 
between 30 to 50%. Eastern Europe is a key market for us. The current Ukraine-Russia situation 
has already affected the sales in these areas to a certain extent. However, our customers in these 
areas remain optimistic about the future of the industry. Despite the challenges of raw material, 
shipping and conditions in Eastern Europe, we continue to look forward to a bright 2020-2023. 
We thank you for taking out your valuable time to join us for this concall and I would now like 
to open up this call for questions. Thank you. 

Aro Granite Industries Limited 
May 5, 2022 
Page 4 of 8 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Siddharth Agarwal from Prudent Value Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Agarwal: 
Sahil, my first question is, could you throw some light on how is the demand scenario for our 
product especially in US? 
Sahil Arora: 
The worldwide demand for construction material continues to be strong; however, there is spike 
in prices like I was mentioning that cost price, the landed cost of materials has gone up by almost 
50%. So, that does affect the immediate requirement. In the long term or in the medium term, 
building material is still in high demand especially in US and Europe, building material is still 
quite sort after. 
Siddharth Agarwal: 
So, Sahil, in a scenario like this where the landed cost of products is increasing, does that lead 
to some kind of inventory liquidation for our channel partners onsite and so the inventory is 
reducing there, which may lead to larger demand to refill the inventory once the logistics sector 
normalize? 
Sahil Arora: 
The landed cost is not the only challenge at the moment. It is also the shipping time that has 
gone up, so the shipping time for East Coast USA, for example, has gone from 34 days to 90 
days, so almost 3 times. They are not trying to liquidate all stocks at the moment but are in fact 
enjoying the profits of having lower price stocks from the past. 
Siddharth Agarwal: 
Our sales and our profits have been declining from the last 2 quarters, could you please elaborate 
why this is happening, is it just due to the shipping costs or are there more factors here? 
Sahil Arora: 
Purely because of the shipping cost from $1500 to $2000 the container has gone to now $8000 
to $15,000 a container. So, that is anywhere between 4x to 15x, 10x the price of the container 
and like we were mentioning from 12% of the landed cost, it has gone to 50% of the landed cost. 
Of course, that affects the total sales and this is not in a short period of time. This is in 6 months 
period that this price increases happened. 
Siddharth Agarwal: 
So, because our net profits have declined significantly from roughly Rs. 5 crores in Q2 FY22 to 
a net loss of 16 lakhs here, so this is primarily because of sharp increase in shipping in logistic 
cost? 
Sahil Arora: 
It is because of lower scale of economy, so our sales have come down and that is because of the 
reorder process that is not happening caused by the shipping prices and the shipping delays. 
Siddharth Agarwal: 
Does that equally impact both the segments, granite as well as Quartz? 
Sahil Arora: 
Yes, it effects on both the segments. 

Aro Granite Industries Limited 
May 5, 2022 
Page 5 of 8 
Siddharth Agarwal: 
Now, you mentioned that once again in Hosur, we are seeing raw material issues with mines 
again closing down, but in Jaipur we have raw material availability is in abundance, so do you 
think that Jaipur overtime could surpass Hosur plant in terms of sales and profit? 
Sahil Arora: 
It is hard to say because our installed capacity in Hosur is a lot bigger, so if you consider Hosur 
also has the tile plant in natural stone division, so it is hard to say it will surpass in terms of sales 
or profitability. Only time will tell because we are also hopeful that the raw material issues that 
we are facing right now will eventually resolve itself and we can also see a bounce back in the 
Hosur division. 
Siddharth Agarwal: 
Do you mind, what is the reasonable solution because it has been quite a few years now that we 
have been facing this raw material supply issue in present India, so what needs to happen for us 
to have reasonable supply, so that our operations are now at…. 
Sahil Arora: 
We are trying our best for the government through our association, but it is up for the government 
to decide whether they want to actually open it or not. It is not up to us. For us, what we are 
looking at now in the coming years to increase more our imported materials in the South with 
our domestic market also growing with exports of or the requirement of luxury stones improving. 
That is the segment we will be focusing on. We will not be relying only on the South sources of 
raw material. 
Siddharth Agarwal: 
And Sahil, this is such a high logistic cost, thus is importing raw material and then after 
processing exporting back, is it even viable? 
Sahil Arora: 
Yes, it continues to be viable as we are not focusing on the markets that are catered by the 
Brazilian markets, so it is still viable, but also we have a strong domestic market for these 
products and we are looking at the high end. So, why we gave a range on the transportation is 
because the higher end your products, the less the impact of transportation on that product. 
Siddharth Agarwal: 
And Sahil, about the Quartz plant, could you please tell us what is the total revenue from the 
plant in FY22 and is the plant profitable now? 
Sahil Arora: 
We are breakeven on the plant and the revenue of the plant is Rs. 42 crores. 
Siddharth Agarwal: 
In our segment wise, we have shown that our Quartz division revenue is negative this quarter, 
so why is that? 
Madangopal: 
Actually, Quartz is now breakeven because of part of quarter also it is a breakeven. Segment 
wise, Quartz is breakeven. 
Siddharth Agarwal: 
So, my question is that for the revenue when we look at segment wise revenue, for the Quartz 
division, our revenue is negative? 

Aro Granite Industries Limited 
May 5, 2022 
Page 6 of 8 
Madangopal: 
That was the typographical error, when we were punching that data, the portal but Quartz did 
Rs. 42 crores total for the year. The typographical error was subsequently within an hour or so, 
it was rectified. 
Siddharth Agarwal: 
And could you also please talk about your domestic market performance this year, how has the 
domestic market been for us? 
Madangopal: 
We did a sale of Rs. 20 crores as compared to Rs. 13 crores of last year. 
Sahil Arora: 
And this is mostly from high-end products. 
Siddharth Agarwal: 
But is this the focus area for us or is it just because we have short-term lull in exports that we 
are seeing this traction? 
Sahil Arora: 
In Hosur, we already have enough machinery and capacity to focus on this area also and there 
is a big change in the Indian market with a demand for higher end stones being required. We 
have two segments in the domestic sales that is the high end or the export rejection, so we will 
be continuing to focus on the high-end sales for the domestic market. 
Siddharth Agarwal: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lalith, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Lalith: 
Sir, your net profit had declined significantly from peak of around Rs. 5 crores in Q2 to loss of 
16 lakh in Q4, so what had changed the business, I understand there is problem around 
containers, but is there something else? 
Sahil Arora: 
Because of the container issues, normally we export only from Chennai probably in the South 
and Mundra in the North. When we export from Mundra in Jaipur plant, we normally pick up 
containers from ICD Jaipur and then we deliver containers to Mundra port by truck. Because of 
the container shortages, we have been picking up containers from Mundra port and bringing it 
to Jaipur and then redelivering it back to Mundra port. In some cases, we are picking up 
containers and dropping to Nhava Sheva port. This is of course an additional expense on the 
FOBs. Also from Hosur, normally we work only with Chennai, but in the past few months, we 
have been working with Tuticorin, Krishnapatnam, whichever ports are available, Kochi, 
wherever we can get containers, we are open to do. This is of course additional in land cost that 
we are incurring. Further, of course, container cost not only on the export side, but on the import 
side is also increasing. So, our cost of production has slightly increased which also will affect 
and of course with the container prices affecting the total landed cost, the acceptance of increased 
prices is very minimal at the moment and lastly you will see that it is a simple demand and 
supply thing where demand is reducing because of the container prices, but supply is staying 
constant. So, a lot of our competitors are selling at very low prices, just to get some market share. 
Lalith: 
Sir, this increased cost of shipping is not getting passed to customers, we are taking it of this 
increased cost? 

Aro Granite Industries Limited 
May 5, 2022 
Page 7 of 8 
Sahil Arora: 
No, the increased cost of shipping is completely on the customer. It is the increased cost of inland 
shipping that is not being passed on because our rates are  FOB port. 
Lalith: 
And sir, what about our other products like tiles and cut to size and quartz site, how are we doing 
in those segments? 
Sahil Arora: 
Quartz side we actually take as part of our Hosur plant, but tiles is also continuing to be 19% of 
our business. Year-on-year, there is a growth in our tiles business as well. 
Lalith: 
And sir, what about cut to size, it was actually projected as good business, so you said that? 
Sahil Arora: 
Cut to size we don’t consider as a separate segment, but we take as part of our granite, Quartz 
and tile plant segments because the material, the slab or the material for it is provided by one of 
these plants and at the moment we are running at full capacity on the cut to size division. 
Lalith: 
And sir, you said in domestic market you did business of Rs. 20 crores, so I think we had raising 
shipping cost, are we focusing more on domestic market? 
Sahil Arora: 
Yes, we are focusing more on domestic market for the high-end products. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lalith, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead 
Lalith: 
Sir, you are producing basic color of Quartz due to nonavailability of engineer from plant 
supplier, so have you start making more complex design now? 
Sahil Arora: 
Yes, we have already worked at more complex design and already we have made some sales of 
few containers of complex design, but it is a continuous process and we are adding more and 
more colors all the time. So, in the past, our focus was on the basic, but in the coming months, 
it will be stretching to the more complex. 
Lalith: 
And what about the profitability in complex design? 
Sahil Arora: 
It’s only been one month, we have not really taken out the profitability on the complex designs. 
Lalith: 
Are we profitable in overall Quartz segment? 
Sahil Arora: 
We are breakeven on the Quartz segment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddharth Agarwal from Prudent Value 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Agarwal: 
Sahil, for the Quartz division, is there any plan to cater to a domestic market as well from there? 

Aro Granite Industries Limited 
May 5, 2022 
Page 8 of 8 
Sahil Arora: 
Not at the moment, we are not planning to cater to the domestic market because the prices in the 
export market are much higher. Of course, our rejects we are selling in the domestic market. 
Siddharth Agarwal: 
And what is our capacity utilization currently for the Quartz plant? 
Sahil Arora: 
With the basics, we were working at about 80%, but because of the last couple of months of 
shipping issues, we are down to about 60% capacity utilization. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Sahil Arora for closing comments. Mr. Gaurav, there is no response from the line of Mr. 
Sahil. 
Gaurav Sud: 
It seems that the management is disconnected. We thank you for the opportunity for taking out 
the time to be on the call. Look forward to having on the call after 6 months. Thank you 
everybody. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
