 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
SONA BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. (Sona Comstar) 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 5, 2022 
The webcast recording and the presentation referred to in this transcript are available on website of the 
Company and can be accessed on the following link:  
 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Sona Comstar Q4 & 
FY22 earnings conference call. Please note all participant lines are in the 
listen only mode as of now. There will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions, after the presentation concludes. Please note that this call is 
being recorded. We request that you place your lines on mute except 
when asking a question.  
 
Slide 2: 
 
Some of the statements by the management team in today's conference 
call may be forward looking in nature and we request you to refer to the 
disclaimer in the earnings presentation for further details. The management 
will also not be taking any specific customer related questions or confirm or 
deny any customer names or relationships due to confidentiality reasons. 
Please refrain from naming any customer in your question.  
 
Now I'll hand over the floor to Mr. Kapil Singh, Head of Consumer and 
Digital Commerce Research, India and Lead Auto Analyst at Nomura. 
Kapil, please go ahead, thank you. 
Kapil Singh: 
Slide 3: 
 
Good afternoon, everyone. To take us through Q4 & FY22 results and to 
answer your questions, we are pleased to welcome the management 
team of Sona Comstar. We have with us Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh, MD and 
Group CEO; Mr. Kiran Manohar Deshmukh, Group CTO; Mr Vikram Verma, 
CEO of the Driveline Business; Mr. Sat Mohan Gupta, CEO of the Motor 
Business; Mr. Rohit Nanda, Group CFO and Mr. Amit Mishra, Head Investor 
Relations. I will now hand over the call to Vivek for his opening remarks and 
the presentation which will be followed by a Q&A. Over to you, Vivek. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you Kapil and welcome everyone to our Q4 and first full year 
earnings call. 
 
So if you recall, in the last call, I had said that December 2021 was likely the 
lowest point, and that we expected to see a gradual improvement every 
quarter. Since making that statement, there has been a war in Europe, 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Covid lockdowns in China, further increases in material prices and energy 
prices, and inflation has become even worse. So, in short, while our own 
business has done better sequentially, on the macroeconomic front, I have 
been proven comprehensively and completely wrong.  
 
Having learnt our lesson that certainty is merely an intellectual vice at best, 
we are going to be far more conservative about what we expect to see in 
FY23. So, we’ll begin, as always, with the bad news. Material prices have 
continued and still continue to increase in the current quarter. While we will 
strive to mitigate this impact through revenue growth and cost 
management, we expect pressure on EBITDA margin to continue in the 
near term, which is the next 2-3 quarters.  
 
On the optimistic side, we expect FY23 to once again have the same kind 
of strong revenue growth that we have demonstrated in the last few years. 
This growth would largely be led by new EV programs that we have already 
won and are starting during the course of FY23. We also of course will 
continue to endeavor and expect to win more orders and further 
strengthen our orderbook, and most importantly we expect to make 
substantial progress on our technology roadmap, especially in the area of 
motors where we intend to eventually develop and fit the right motor, 
made using the right technology, to each and every vehicle application 
from small electric two-wheelers to electric trucks and buses. 
 
Slide 4: 
 
Coming to this quarter specifically, while the financials like I said are much 
better on a sequential basis, on a YoY basis we are largely flat on revenue 
and EBITDA. The positive here is that our reported net profit has grown by 
75%. Now this includes a significant one-time tax benefit, while the 
corresponding quarter of the last year also had an exceptional IPO 
expense. However, even after adjusting for all of that in both quarters, we 
have a healthy growth of 11%, which Rohit would explain later.  
 
Now I know that from the outside a 2% growth in revenue and 11% growth 
in profit may seems wholly unremarkable and may not seem like much, but 
the way we see it; it’s an immense display of steadfastness in the face of 
unprecedented headwinds in our industry, and I will touch upon this a little 
later as well. That the biggest reason for this, apart from of course our 
fantastic team that you see here in the panel; is our BEV revenue growth, 
where we have more than doubled our revenue, and reached 29% 
revenue share this quarter. 
 
Slide 5: 
 
For the full year, we would like to share our performance scorecard with all 
of you, our bosses, our shareholders. So, there are 5 KRAs that are important 
for us as a Company – our financials, electrification, business development, 
diversification and new product development.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
 
So, I will start first with the financials, we believe we have done well on all 
three KPIs that we value – growth, margins as well as returns. We have 
achieved 36% growth in revenue, 27% growth in EBITDA and 68% growth in 
net profit in this year, and I know again that there are one-time exceptional 
items in the net profit, however, even if you strip that off, still we have 36-
37% year-on-year growth, which is quite healthy. 
 
Slide 6: 
 
Now any company’s performance only has meaning when seen in the 
context of the industry or the environment it operates in. Being a global 
Company with majority of our revenue coming from light vehicles, the best 
benchmark for us to compare performance is global light vehicle sales. So 
in this shrinking market which has declined by 7%, we have outperformed 
our industry, by delivering 75% of purely organic growth in the last two 
years.   
 
Slide 9: 
 
Now coming to our second KRA, which is electrification. So first I will talk 
about the lag indicators, what has already gone by in this year. So our BEV 
revenue share has increased to 25% from 14% in FY21, BEV revenue, in 
absolute terms, has grown by 2.5x to over Rs. 500 crore. The lead indicator, 
which indicates future potential, is the number of EV programs. In this KPI, 
we have doubled our number of programs from 15 to 30. 
 
Just this quarter we have added six new EV programs from five new EV 
customers. We have won two programs to supply starter motors for the 
PHEV or Plug-in Hybrid Electric vehicles for two new customers, one in 
Europe and one in Asia. Now these orders are important because they 
reaffirm what we have been saying for a while that starter motors are 
applicable in all hybrid powertrains, regardless of the engine size. Coming 
to India, we have won a motor program from a new electric two-wheeler 
customer, an EV differential gear program from a new Electric Commercial 
Vehicle customer, and an EV gear program from a new electric tractor, a 
new off-highway customer. 
 
We have also won an order for a new driveline product called Spool gear, 
this is from an existing global EV customer. And this win, although not very 
large in commercial terms, is perhaps our single biggest achievement of 
this quarter, because what this shows is that we can now develop products 
and sell them beyond our domain of traditional differential assemblies. So 
what we have demonstrated is that all EV transmission solutions for all types 
of BEV architectures are in our skill set and Mr. Deshmukh will elaborate on 
this capability addition a little later in the presentation. 
 
Slide 10: 
 
 
With this, we have reached now 30 EV programs across 19 unique 
customers and from a lead indicator perspective, once again the fact that 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
21 out of the 30 programs are not yet in serial production, demonstrates 
how much EV growth is yet to be realized, so how much dry powder we are 
actually sitting on today. 
 
Slide 12: 
 
Our third KRA is business development. So this is an annual thing, so we will 
like to present that in the last 3 quarters, we have won 43 new programs in 
total and added ten new customers. And I am quite proud to say that we 
have added 2 new global top 10 passenger vehicle customers. So now we 
can say that we serve 7 of the top 10 global carmakers. The total value of 
these order wins was Rs. 76 billion, while the net addition, after accounting 
for orders consumed, comes to Rs. 46 billion. 
 
Slide 13: 
 
Which very neatly brings me to our net orderbook which at the end of FY22 
stands at Rs. 186 billion or around $2.4 billion. And in addition to the 6 EV 
programs, we discussed earlier, we have added several programs for non-
EV applications also. Also, may be interesting for you to note that we now 
have 3 EV programs for commercial vehicles and tractors, which shows 
that electrification is going beyond just cars and 2 wheelers now. 
 
Slide 15: 
 
Our fourth KRA, our diversification. Here, as you can see, we have made 
significant progress from FY21 and now more than half of our revenue 
comes 
from 
BEV 
and 
Hybrid/Micro-hybrid 
powertrains, 
while 
ICE 
dependent revenue has decreased to 18%. BEV share increasing from 1% 
to 25% in just 3 years, kind of underlines the speed of the EV megatrend and 
how we, as a Company, have adapted to and benefitted from this trend. 
 
Slide 16: 
 
Moving on to revenue break-up by geography. There have been higher 
disruptions relatively to customer production schedules in North America 
and Europe during the last year, FY22, which is the reason our mix has 
changed. But overall, it remains balanced across all four major markets. As I 
said on the last call, this mix will keep changing from quarter to quarter, 
depending on the performance of these four markets and, more critically, 
our customers’ performance in these end markets.  
 
On products, our revenue share from differential assemblies has grown from 
5.6% in FY20 to 27% in FY22. We have added three new products in FY22, 
that Mr. Deshmukh will soon highlight. So this chart too will keep evolving as 
we evolve from being a components and sub-system supplier to being a 
power-train solution provider. 
 
And finally, on vehicle segments, there are, I would say three inferences. 
CV demand has started to recover and hopefully we will see far more from 
that segment. And while the off-highway industry declined largely in India 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
last year, it is now showing good growth early in this year. Thirdly, our efforts 
on the traction motors and controllers have started showing some results, 
where the Electric 2-wheelers and 3-wheelers reaching 1.5% of our revenue 
in FY22 and hopefully they become high single digit during FY23.  
 
With this, I turn the call over to our Group CTO, Mr. Deshmukh, to discuss our 
fifth and most important KRA – our new product development and progress 
on technology. Over to you, sir. 
Mr. Deshmukh: 
Thank you Vivek. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  
 
Slide 18: 
 
Our extended technology roadmap presented during the last earnings call 
addresses the revolutions in mobility - electrification and automation. Our 
vision is to become a significant player in electric vehicles and autonomous 
and connected vehicles, and the roadmap displays these very intentions. 
 
This map shows our past, present, and future product offerings, depicted by 
the dark area in the bottom center for our legacy, core products; the blue 
area for the products we developed in recent years, and the white area 
for our aspirations for the future. The products in the white region are 
currently under development in our R&D centers. 
 
As we progress on our technology roadmap, the products from the white 
area move to the blue area. In FY 22, as Vivek  
 had mentioned, three 
products have entered the blue zone - integrated motor controller module 
for the predictive active suspension, spool gear and epicyclic gear set for 
the EV drivetrains. The first product has allowed us to expand into the 
growing autonomous and connected space and we discussed this last 
quarter. The introduction of the other two products has extended our reach 
in the EV drivetrains' varying architectures. Let me elaborate this in the 
following slide. 
 
Slide 19: 
 
As more carmakers introduce new electric vehicles, new architectures 
emerge. Depending on the specific application, design constraints, and 
manufacturing considerations, EV drivetrains have evolved into four 
different architectures. Where one motor drives two wheels, we need a 
mechanical differential to enable the wheels to turn at different speeds 
when the vehicle makes a turn. Where one motor drives a single wheel, we 
need a compact, high-efficiency gear reduction unit that is also quiet. 
 
Our final drive differential assemblies are already fitted in one and two-
motor configurations of mass-manufactured EVs. Spool gears and epicyclic 
geartrain developed by us offer the demanding features of electric 
vehicles. They find their relevance even in the absence of a mechanical 
differential. They also have a broader application in commercial vehicles' 
gearboxes and hub wheel reduction units. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
 
While one and two-motor architecture is likely to be the most prevalent 
configuration in the future, now we have solutions for every format of the 
electric drivetrain. Alternate architectures, although more sophisticated, 
are more expensive, and hence we also realize higher value per vehicle 
than with the differential assembly. 
 
Our proven ability of commercializing new products also keeps increasing 
our content per vehicle and in the long term, we are not restricted to just 
the TAM of a few products. 
 
Slide 20: 
 
As the electrification of mobility spreads across the segments, we are 
seeing a massive opportunity for traction motors from bots and industrial 
automated guided vehicles to large electric buses and trucks. Every 
application is different, its requirements and demands are unique. We are 
developing multiple new products by mapping the right technology for the 
correct application. Since the technology spectrum to address the entire 
marketplace is too broad, we are supplementing our strong R&D efforts 
with strategic partnerships with other leading technology companies. 
 
In July last year, we partnered with IRP of Israel to co-develop a magnet-
less motor for electric two and three-wheelers. The developmental work is 
progressing satisfactorily, and we hope to have a working prototype soon. 
 
Recently, we formed a strategic partnership with Enedym Inc., the 
Canadian technology Company that was incubated at the McMaster 
University in Ontario. Enedym specializes in next generation switched 
reluctance motors, electric propulsion, and electrified powertrains. 
Enedym's novel switched reluctance motors with advanced acoustic noise 
control will help us develop high-efficiency and high-performance magnet-
less motors. This is yet another step forward, offering an environmentally 
sustainable and cost-effective solutions to our customers. 
 
Today, we announced our partnership with C-Motive Technologies, a high-
tech electric motor company based in Wisconsin, US. Traditional electric 
motors use electromagnetic forces to convert electric power to 
mechanical power. C-Motive uses electrostatic forces to build a motor 
through a series of multiplicative gains in mechanical, electrical, and 
electrochemical innovations. These motors deliver high yet ripple-free 
torque without active cooling, very little copper, and no rare earth metals 
or magnets. Sona Comstar and C-Motive will collaborate to develop 
electrostatic drive motors for EV applications, for which we estimate the 
serial production will likely start in 2026. 
 
One of our top strategic priorities is to grow our EV revenue. We will 
accomplish this by expanding our traction motor offerings, addressing the 
entire range of EVs, spanning from below 5 kilowatts to above 300 kilowatts. 
 
With that, I will now hand it over to Rohit to cover the financial update. 
 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
 
Rohit Nanda:  
Slide 21: 
 
Thank you Mr. Deshmukh. A very good day to you all.  It’s my pleasure to 
share our fourth quarter and post listing the irst full year financial results with 
you.   
 
Slide 22: 
 
We will start with our fourth quarter revenue which grew by 2% to Rs. 550 
crore on a YoY basis.  BEV revenue continues to lead our revenue growth 
with an increase of 104% for this quarter and it constituted 29% of our total 
revenue.  Global headwinds from continued semi-conductor chip 
shortage, conflict in Europe and inflationary pressures acted as a drag on 
the non-BEV revenue in line with the general decline in our key markets of 
Europe and USA. 
 
Before I talk about our EBITDA and margins, let me spend a minute to show 
how commodity price inflation is impacting our margins adversely even 
where a full material pass-through is available to us.  
 
Slide 37: 
 
We presented this slide before, but for the benefit of the first-time 
participants, even at the cost of repetition, I will explain it through this 
illustration. As you can see for a product selling for Rs. 100 having material 
cost of Rs. 45, when material cost goes up by 15%, even in case of a 100% 
material price passthrough, the margin percentage drops by 3.5% in this 
example, due to arithmetic effect, as selling price and cost, both go up by 
the same amount, although the absolute margin in this case remains 
unchanged at Rs. 55.  
 
Slide 22: 
 
So this was essentially to demonstrate how commodity price inflation 
impacts the margin percentage even in cases where a full price recovery is 
possible. 
Now moving on to discussion on EBITDA, which was Rs. 135 crore for the 
quarter, EBITDA margin for the quarter had a positive impact of about 2% 
from a better product mix. However, commodity price inflation continues 
to be a drag.  YoY impact of higher raw material prices was about 3.4%, 
out of which about 2.6% is purely due to arithmetic effect despite 
commodity price passthrough to the customers which I just demonstrated 
through an illustration earlier.   
 
Our PAT is at Rs. 105 crore for this quarter. It grew by 75% on a YoY basis. But 
it includes some one-time tax impacts including some large income tax 
refunds and interest on income tax refunds. Similarly, if we compare it with 
the fourth quarter of last year, that also had some exceptional expense. So 
on a like-to-like basis if we compare, our PAT has grown by 11%. So, 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
 
adjusted PAT for the current quarter would be Rs. 78 crore against Rs. 70 
crore of the same quarter last year. 
 
Slide 23: 
 
Moving on to the full year financials now. Consolidated full year revenue for 
the Company was Rs. 2,131 crore, a growth of 36% over last year.  BEV 
revenue at Rs. 504 crore, grew by 145% and constituted 25% of total 
revenue for the full year. Our non-BEV revenue also grew by 20% despite a 
general market decline in our key markets of Europe and USA. 
 
Full year EBITDA was Rs. 559 crore, showing a growth of 27%.  EBITDA margin 
for the full year stood at 26.2% and had a positive impact from a better 
product mix by about 1.9% and operating leverage of 1.4%. 
 
EBITDA Margin was adversely impacted by higher commodity prices and 
lower forex gains in FY22. RM prices had an adverse impact of 2.9% on 
margins because of arithmetic effect, despite the material price 
passthrough.  Additional adverse impact of 1.2% came from the portion in 
which price passthrough was not available to us contractually.   
 
PAT for the full year is Rs. 362 crore showing a growth of 68%.  To do a like to 
like comparison we’ve shown adjusted PAT for both years after eliminating 
impact of exceptional income, expenses, one-time tax impact and interest 
on income tax refunds received. So Adjusted PAT for the year was Rs. 309 
crore which has grown by 37% with an improved transmission from EBITDA 
to PAT mainly due to lower finance costs. 
 
Slide 24: 
 
Since it’s our annual presentation we’ll also briefly touch upon the cash 
flows for the full year. The Company generated Rs. 445 crore of operating 
cash flow, out of which Rs. 344 crore, which is about 77% of the amount 
was ploughed back into capex for our future growth.  IPO proceeds, which 
we raised during the year, were used for paying off the outstanding debt of 
the Company and as a result thereof, the Company had a negative net 
debt as at the end of the year. Even after payment of a dividend of Rs. 45 
crore, we’ve ended up at a cash balance which is higher than where we 
began the financial year. 
 
Slide 25: 
 
Moving on to the key ratios. Our Value addition to employee cost ratio 
further improved for the year to 5.7 times as compared to 5.2 times last 
year. We have explained earlier also that we track this ratio very keenly as 
it is an indicator of an improvement due to the positive operating leverage 
for the Company. Return on capital employed and return on equity ratios 
continue to be robust at above 30%, as it was in the past years. Net debt to 
EBITDA ratio as at year end was negative like I said due to negative net 
debt. And as we continue to incur capex in the current financial year, it is 
expected to eventually turn positive. Working capital turnover ratio was 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
 
constant at nearly four times while fixed asset turnover ratio is a tad lower 
at 4.7 times against 5 times last year due to new capitalization during the 
year. 
 
This brings us to the end of our Q4 earnings presentation and I will now 
hand the proceedings back to the Nomura Team. 
Moderator:  
We will now open the floor for the Q&A session. If you wish to raise a 
question, you can use the raise hand function located at the bottom right 
of the webex page. We will unmute your line and prompt you to speak or 
you may submit your questions via the Q&A chat box. A gentle reminder to 
keep your questions to a maximum of two questions. If you have more 
questions, please return to the queue. Thank you. 
Kapil Singh:  
By the time, I will just ask a couple of questions. So firstly, we've shown a 
slight variation from what you had given earlier in the roadmap for the 
motor business, and we've won some other new orders as well. Where do 
you see the largest potential when you do crystal ball gazing over next 4-5 
years for yourself from where you are today? Which segment do you think 
will grow the largest?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Right, so growth has two connotations. I mean if you have a low base, 
growth as a percentage will be very high. For motors that is always going to 
be because, traction motor business just 1.5%, right? So that's what Rs. 30-35 
crore or something of revenue, that's nothing. So, we will grow very-very 
fast in that in the next three or four years because it's just begun. Driveline, 
let's say we have got Rs. 450-460 crore or perhaps 470 this year. That as a 
percentage may not grow much but it will significantly ramp up because of 
two reasons: one, - vehicle electrification itself as the trend gets us there, 
right; if you have 1/8 of the market, If it goes from 4% to 50%, you benefit 
from that anyway. Second, if you've noticed, this is why I called it the single 
biggest achievement of this quarter. We started from being a differential 
gear Company, then we became a differential assembly Company, then 
we say differential assembly plus final reduction gear. But you know that in 
the whole transmission there are a bunch of other reduction gears and 
other things. With the Spool Gear addition, we have basically said that now 
we can make EV transmission gear. So, we have literally opened-up the 
whole addressable market of differentials. The reduction market or 
transmission market is perhaps larger than that. So yeah, that field now can 
just suddenly accelerate because every architecture needs reduction plus 
differential, and we got it covered. So yes, it is exciting times.  
Kapil Singh:  
So, I take it that the driveline business in terms of revenues will have a lot of 
growth and maximum addition.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, I mean, look, we don't give future guidance. So, I won't give numbers 
plus it is the surest way to disappoint people, right that you over promise 
and then you don't end up delivering. But we have given over the last 
seven years about, you know, 35-36% growth on an average. I don't see 
any reason, non-macroeconomic reasons, there I’ll caveat, I can't prevent 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
 
wars, non-macro-economic reasons for that to not continue in the near 
future.  
Kapil Singh:  
Sure, so let me ask on that topic as well, because a lot of investors want to 
know. There was a lot of chip shortages which affected us during the last 
quarter. How are things progressing from a ramp up perspective now? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So I think the first time Kapil you had only asked me, first time we did this 
was in August right, last year, I had said 18 months and that time I think 
when we said 18 months people were shocked that why is this person so 
pessimistic. So let me just put a caveat. We're not pessimistic or optimistic. A 
company's management’s role is to transparently, truthfully clearly tell you 
what we know to be true. The decisions on investment etc. are the 
investors. The decision to analyze is of the analysts, but don't read too much 
into the psychological bearing of the statement. It isn't. It is the truth as we 
see it. We thought it was 18 months, I think with all that has happened in the 
last quarter, maybe we add 3-6 months, but it stays where it was. The 
semiconductor chip problem was not an easy problem to solve, right, It is a 
multi-industry, 
multi-capacity 
problem, 
where 
the 
supply 
demand 
mismatch is not shortening because the demand is also continuing to 
increase. Now there is a chance that given all the central bank's actions in 
the next few months, demand might cool a little and the demand supply 
gap can narrow. But still, I don't see that happening - at least 12 months, 
we've still got ahead of us, to weather this. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Nitin Arora of Axis Mutual Fund.  
Nitin Arora:  
My first question is, you know on, just a question which Kapil was asking. So 
would you say the revenue growth would be doable, order book is strong. 
This is in context I am asking is, because what we read in global reports is 
that war is still on, this is something beyond guess and the war is still on for 
more than last three months, four months. Do you see a scenario of, you 
know, further panic in the production of the chip shortage which can 
impact you know most probably after Q1, Q2. So,you know, where is this 
confidence coming for this revenue growth. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Okay, Nitin, I will try to answer the line is not very clear. So, I will paraphrase. 
One you're saying will the chip shortage get worse because of what is 
happening in Europe with the war situation, the answer to that is not really, 
it is where it is. I don't think it's getting worse or better. The factors that are 
affecting it are beyond that situation. Second, I think it's important to 
differentiate when I'm asked or when we are asked about industrial or 
macroeconomic issues like chip shortage, we are answering to that 
question, how much it will affect us is a different matter. We don't look at 
the world only through a lens which is focused on Sona Comstar. It is on the 
chip shortage issue, so I answered that. That's why I think in the initial bit I 
did mention that regardless of all the known problems, right, the war in 
Ukraine, the material cost, the lockdowns in China because of Covid, the 
freight problem. Despite knowing all this, we expect FY23 to still have fairly 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
 
strong revenue growth for us as a Company. As an industry, I doubt, I doubt 
there'll be strong growth in sales. 
 
So, Nitin, basically everything is new programs-only led growth. We have 
assumed that things will stay as bad as they are. No industry tide to help us. 
We are on our own, whatever we make is whatever we will eat. So, it is all 
new programs and new customers that is all that we are looking at.  
Nitin Arora:  
Taking further what you said on margins…. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Nitin, I really can’t hear. Kapil could you.. 
Kapil Singh:  
I think he is asking if you see further pressure on margins because of the 
commodity cost inflation. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, so, we are where we are in the last quarter. If anything, further 
happens, I'm not going to try and guess because it hasn't happened. With 
what we have, we can sustain, I mean if you look at it, despite all of this 
right, we still did 26% for the year. So, we can't promise on every quarter but 
if you take the whole year, the effects of operating leverage also get 
realized, forex up and down also gets neutralized to some extent. So yeah, I 
mean if you look at the full year, I can say that with far more confidence, 
but quarter to quarter there can be more variation. 
Nitin Arora:  
Was there a Forex gain in this quarter? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Very little, compared to last year it was much lower. Rohit, would you like to 
take that? I don't remember, but it was little. 
Rohit Nanda:  
Yeah, it was Rs. 2 crores for the current quarter. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from BofA. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Hi, thanks team for taking my questions. Just to follow up on the order book. 
I'm not sure Vivek, I think my voice is echoing, is it okay for you all?  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Perfectly clear. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
My question is on the order book because if I look at the order book, you 
know, versus last quarter, of course the EV book is kind of stable whereas 
the non-EV book has seen a pretty significant jump. So, I'm just trying to 
understand where is this coming from? Is this the plug-in hybrid? The wins 
that you spoke about? Maybe just give us a little bit color on, you know the 
sequential change in the order book that we have seen and follow up to 
this spool gear which you mentioned, when does it commercialize, and you 
know what does it do to the content value? Those two questions.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Sure. So Pratik, you can take us to the order book. So, the plug-in hybrid. So, 
the order book EV part contains all plug-in vehicles. So, as you can see in 
the note, I don't know if the note covers that. It is BEV + plug-in hybrid. So 
those are in this actually. In the non-EV side, we have some new order in 
the passenger vehicle space, I think, I did mention that we have added a 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
 
new, actually we've added two new large automakers, they are in the top 
10 automakers of the world. So, for the traditional differential gear business. 
So that has added that. Does that answer your question?  
Gunjan Prithyani: 
So I'm just trying to understand why was the EV order books stable. I mean if 
I look at the, it was 116 billion last quarter and then it's kind of marginally 
come down this quarter and you know you spoke about all these wins. So, I 
mean intuitively it would have gone up. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Sorry, net order book, which is why. So, I'll go back into the concept. We 
have also consumed orders in this quarter, right and most of that has come 
from the EV only. So, if you look at our non-EV revenue, it has declined only 
our EV revenue increased. So, there are some programs that hit maturity. 
So, you take them out of the order book, go back one slide, Pratik, just the 
program slide.  
 
So, if you look at last quarter, there were 7 EV programs that were in serial 
production. Now there are 9. So, two of those programs, the value has 
gone from order book. Now they are only in serial. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay, got it. Plug in is there in EVs and non-EV is more the traditional. I got it. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:   Second part of your question was Spool Gear. So look, I think I have 
answered this before. The traditional, Pratik, can you go to the 1 to 2 motor 
architecture Mr. Deshmukh’s slide. So, if you look at the 1st architecture, 1 or 
2 motor architecture, this is going to be the dominant form for most 
vehicles, 90-95% of all electric vehicles in the next 5 to 10 years should go 
with this architecture. The spool gear architecture is for a three-motor 
configuration which is required for high torque vehicles, which means either 
very high speed, or high weight or off-road. Not too many of those 
expensive solutions, because we are putting 3. Value content per vehicle is 
very high and I can’t give it away without giving the price, so I won’t go 
there. But see the final drive differential assembly is there in the front axle, it 
is perhaps, so a single one, it is three times nearly, let’s put it that way, the 
spool gear version. However, Gunjan the volume will be low, these are 
expensive vehicles. This is more a capability thing, and this is why I was 
saying that, look at it more as a capability addition because this doesn’t 
have any differential. What this says to you as an analyst is that we have 
been saying this is the total differential assembly market they have 12.5% 
market share but there is a market out there for reduction gears for 
transmission of the EV in which we had till now 0%. Well now we enter this. 
Right? That’s the point. So, the order is one, production will start next year.  
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay, just one more if I can pitch in maybe Rohit. Just a follow up on the 
margins. Now, you know, can you just share some color on how typically 
the contracts for you know, aluminum, how quickly they can get re-priced 
because clearly there's still more pressure on the aluminum side. So maybe 
some color on how should we be thinking about the margins?  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
 
Rohit Nanda:  
So, aluminum and copper, most of the contracts for Motor business will be 
with a lag of 3 months. Gunjan, could I explain? 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay, so the pressure, the surge that we have seen, we will see, we will see 
the, you know, the hit of that in quarter one as well on the motor business.  
Rohit Nanda:  
Yes, but then previous quarter positive will also come in, right, because it is 
a one quarter price lag, so it will partially offset. Because the prices are on 
an increasing trajectory right, so they must have increased in the quarter 
prior to that as well. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, it is rolling settlement, Gunjan. It keeps going up on that slope. every 
quarter the next quarter will be the settlement one. But again, I don't think it 
could be that significant to be honest. Steel is the one you should look at as 
an analyst because steel affects both divisions. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
All of that with a roll, with a lag of 3-4 months is passed through, right? Or is 
there anything that is not a pass through, and you know, which will 
happen, which will adjust, which will take time to adjust? 
Rohit Nanda:  
Motor business, steel input, that's a pass through only in a smaller 
percentage of customers.  
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay, got it. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Hitesh Goel from CLSA. Hitesh, Your line 
is now unmuted, please go ahead and ask your question. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Thanks for giving me a chance to ask the question. Vivek my question is, 
your largest customer in BEV has faced certain lockdowns in China 
because of Covid, right. So, can you give us some updates on the 
production ramp up there?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
As we have requested multiple times, we don't take customers specific 
questions. Sorry.  
Hitesh Goel: 
Okay. Any view on the China lockdown situation about, you know, your 
orders from there. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Actually, it's not just that. So, we took a big hit last quarter. I think March 
was a bad month, completely wash out type month. As you know, China is 
our fourth largest market, right. But I think the problem is not just local, so we 
must all pray that the problem gets resolved not just as a humanitarian 
crisis, I do feel for people there who are locked up in their houses, but 
beyond that I think supply chains and trade is going to take a massive hit all 
over if it doesn't get resolved within May. See we make controllers and for 
us because we are seeing it firsthand, a lot of the supply chain runs through 
there, right, semiconductor, the chip stuff. Our customer supply chains, 
almost all of them, if you look at the automotive world, how many of their 
supply chains go through China and if China stays locked down for too 
long, it's going to have a massive ripple effect. So that is, I would say a 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
 
larger concern than one particular customer or one particular market, the 
impact of China being locked down on the global automotive analogy.  
Hitesh Goel: 
And you know, yesterday actually Volkswagen also had alluded the same 
point that you're highlighting, but it was more of a European impact on the 
supply chain. Is the US also getting impacted because of supply chains? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Which country, which car, if you take and say that it does not pass-through 
China? Any vehicle, I doubt it. So, it's a global problem, I think. I didn't hear 
Mr. Diess’ thing, but he is perhaps coming at it from an European angle, but 
because we are in Europe and US both pretty fairly significantly. It is 
everywhere. This is, if it resolves within, let's say the next three weeks, I think 
we all will be relatively unscathed, and we'll get through. But if it doesn't 
then we have a problem.  
Hitesh Goel:  
Good, great. Thanks. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal. 
Jinesh Gandhi:  
A couple of questions from my side. First of all, congrats on a good 
performance. Can you share some details on the geographic restrictions 
on the tie-ups with Enedym and C-Motive? Is it only for India or this would 
be for other geographies as well?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Good question. Mr Deshmukh?  
V. Vikram Verma: 
I think Mr. Deshmukh is dropped for some reason. I don't see him.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Okay, so I'l try to answer that. So Enedym, no restrictions, the applications 
could be very far ranging. This is not a traditional automotive type of 
product. I don't know how much is known about electrostatic, but in our 
spirit of trying to reduce more and more from the motor to make it more 
efficient. This has nothing actually; it's dielectric fluid and we are going 
back to Benjamin Franklin times. Right now, it’s very low speed and high 
torque is what that motor can deliver. So, for automotive it is not actually a 
right fit in its present shape because as you know, automotive, the wheels 
have to rotate at a fairly high speed so it’s high RPM. What we will do is we 
are going to be investing in them as well. We are going to together try and 
adapt this to automotive and mobility applications because if we can, I 
mean, can you imagine, Gunjan was just asking about copper and we are 
so worried about 3% - 4%, movement in copper. If you can just eliminate all 
copper and all magnets you can have potentially, and I'm using my words 
carefully, I don't want it to be said as you know, talking too big, but it can 
be a potentially industry changing device.  
V. Vikram Verma: 
Mr. Deshmukh is back. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:   Okay, good. So it is a moon shot, but it's a global collaboration. Enedym is 
far more near term in that sense that the motor exists. The issues that 
switched reluctance motors had in delivering that kind of torque and 
power without a magnet. There were problems around weight, there were 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
 
problems around torque ripple. Those have been sorted out by this 
Company. Here, Mr. Deshmukh I think the question is about is there a 
geographic boundary to the Enedym partnership? 
Mr. Deshmukh:  
Well, there are boundaries in the sense that the current agreement is for 
India specific, but it is not limited to India. In case, there are specific 
markets and specific requirements from outside India, we can address that 
which would be on a case-to-case basis. But essentially it will focus on 
India, and probably Southeast Asian markets. 
Jinesh Gandhi:  
Got it. And the C-Motive as Vivek indicated it's primarily there's no 
restriction on geography as such. 
Mr Deshmukh:  
Like Vivek indicated, it is a moonshot and we hope that we are able to 
convert that into an automotive application, mobility application and if 
that happens, I think the entire world is there. 
Jinesh Gandhi:  
Couple of other questions for Rohit. One is with respect to Capex for FY23 
what should we look at and secondly you talked about interest on income 
tax refunds, so is that part of other incomes? How much will that be? 
Rohit Nanda:  
Yeah. So I'll answer in reverse. So income tax refund interest is part of other 
income, about Rs. 16 crore for the full year, okay. And coming to your 
Capex question, look what's happening is because of all these 
uncertainties in terms of deliveries etc. what we've experienced in the last 
12-18 months is that machines which used to get delivered say earlier in 8 
to 9 months are now probably taking double the time. So, in that sense, you 
know, the time span over which the Capex is happening has kind of 
elongated. So rather than, I would say, mentioning only of one year, we will 
probably look at a period of three years and given the current order book, I 
think we should be spending about Rs. 900 -1,000 crore between FY23-25. 
Kapil Singh:  
I will read out a few questions we've got in the Q&A box. So firstly, you have 
partnered with Enedym and C-Motive for SRM and Electrostatic Drive 
Motors. Will these products compete with the same market and use case? 
Also, will they cannibalize share from BLDC and PMSM motors. And 
secondly, do you have customers for BSG product and integrated motor 
controller module? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, so IMSM is with a customer, we even gave the order value last 
quarter I believe. So that is in our earnings presentation of last time. BSG we 
still don't have a customer. Otherwise, it would have been in the order 
book, we would have announced, and what was the first part of the 
question?  
 
No, there is no cannibalization. I think Mr. Deshmukh showed a very nice 
chart. Every end use application has a different need. Sub $1,000 electric 
two-wheeler for example, the need is how many lifetime miles can you 
deliver on that device upon the TCO of that device? That's basically it. 
Above $1,000 price range, the electric scooter also has to deliver higher 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
 
acceleration, higher torque and a host of other features, aesthetic 
elements also place a value. The powertrain has to cater to that end 
application.  
 
See in the end all of us in the automotive industry, whether we are suppliers 
or the OEMs, are solving the problem of the end consumer. The end 
consumer for an electric three-wheeler, L5 type of vehicle has a different 
requirement i.e. lifetime miles into lifetime kilograms hauled upon the total 
lifetime cost. That is what you're trying to maximize, not zero to hundred in 
two seconds or three seconds because I mean, unless you're an auto driver 
in Chennai, you're not trying to set speed records right. It is a different need, 
you need a different kind of end product. For that different product what 
we try to do is try to select the best technology for that product. 
Cannibalization etc. is I think more a very FMCG word in which you have 
60% market share and at the same price point you have two things etc. This 
is a nascent market growing so fast where we already don't have a 100% 
market, then those questions are meaningless. Right now, the objective is to 
try to give our customers the best fit product for that end application and 
within a category also there will be multiple engines. So, let's say an electric 
LCV, as you know today, earlier in the day one was launched, we believe 
that math of kilometers upon lifetime cost of those set kilometers, the 
electric LCV and L5 cargo carriage already is economically more 
beneficial to be electric and the whole market should commit. In that time 
the objective is not this that we know how to make the BLDC, PMSM  
motors. Let's try to make as many variants and try to give it to our 
customers. It is not selling by push, this is a business you sell by pull which is 
you develop the best end technology product and if you build it and you 
build it well, customers will come to you and that is what we are trying to 
do. We will fill this map - each space would have its own best fit product 
according to us. It's our opinion. We may be wrong. But what we feel is the 
best thing we will provide for others. That's what our attempt and if you're 
good enough, all the things like market share, revenue, all of that will follow. 
That's the result that's not the process. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Ronak Mehta from JM Financials. 
Ronak Mehta:  
Thanks for the opportunity. My question on the traction motor part of the 
business. Firstly, can you give some highlights on how the industry 
production was for the domestic market in the last 12 months, where are 
we in terms of market share. How do you see the competitive intensity 
because volumes are inching up pretty sharply and how do you see the 
ecosystem development in the next 2-3 years?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So actually it's a very good question and I know some of you have to go for 
another call, excuse that but do tune into, Gunjan is hosting us at the BoFA 
EV thing, and I will talk about this subject at length. I think there is a supply 
constraint on that and I think, you know the answer. There is a big supply 
constraint, the demand is phenomenal for the e- two wheeler e-three 
wheeler and I think the e-four wheeler LCV segment. Any device for any 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
 
vehicle which has a high asset utilization is easier to justify economically 
because the opex is so much lower than ICE. I think this market will just 
explode and there is enough. On our market share I think we do about 
10,000 motors. So you know it should be easy to estimate. So we're doing 
10,000 right now per month, so it should be easy to estimate market share.  
Ronak Mehta:  
But what could be the overall domestic production in that segment and 
how much is import here? Any color on the industry side? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So how much is import, in the electric two-wheeler? 
Ronak Mehta:  
Yeah, two-wheeler, three-wheeler. How do you see the market? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Look I think FAME too will get more rigorous, they will start checking value 
addition and localization at tier two level also and more and more will 
move local. I think the day of showing value addition in India by importing 
something, you know, repacking it and giving it to customers, I think those 
days are numbered. 
Ronak Mehta:  
Sure 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  It is a high boost for local, Ronak. And I think at the community there are a 
lot of people who stand to benefit even on powertrain as well as balance 
of parts. 
Ronak Mehta:  
Perfect thank you. Thanks a lot. 
Kapil Singh: 
Hi everyone, due to time constraints we would have to keep that as the last 
question. Vivek I will hand over to you for any closing comments. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
No thanks, Kapil. I mean, look, I know you guys have to go, but I'm here. 
Please do let us know if you have any other questions. Thank you to all of 
you for attending the first year of our reporting results as a listed Company. 
So I'm sure we have much more to learn and further improve. We'll try. 
Should you have any further questions, feedback, please feel free to reach 
out to us or CDR India. Thank you and best of luck and hopefully we show 
even better results in the next quarter. So thank you. 
Kapil Singh: 
On behalf of Nomura, thank you to all of you for taking out the time and I 
look forward to the same kind of success for another year as well. All the 
best. Thank you. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has 
been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
 
