 
11th May 2022 
 
To: 
National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited (Scrip Code: FSL) 
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Limited (Scrip Code: 
532809)  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Dear Madam/ Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the Analysts Earnings call conducted after the meeting of 
Board of Directors on May 5, 2022 
 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Analysts earnings call conducted after 
the meeting of Board of Directors on May 5, 2022, for your information and 
records. 
 
This 
information 
is 
also 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.firstsource.com/investor-relations/  
 
The audio/video recordings of the Analysts earnings call are also made available 
on the Company’s website, at https://www.firstsource.com/investor-relations/  
 
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pooja Nambiar 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
POOJA SURESH 
NAMBIAR
Digitally signed by POOJA 
SURESH NAMBIAR 
Date: 2022.05.11 17:23:36 
+05'30'

 
 
 © Firstsource Solutions Limited  | May 11, 2022 
1  
 
      
 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Call 
Transcript – March 31, 2022 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS 
Mr. Vipul Khanna - Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer 
 
Mr. Dinesh Jain - President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Ankur Maheshwari - Head Investor Relations 

 
 
 © Firstsource Solutions Limited  | May 11, 2022 
2  
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call of 
Firstsource Solutions Limited. As a remainder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankur Maheshwari from Firstsource Solutions 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ankur Maheshwari: 
Thank you Steven. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us for the quarter and the year 
ended March 31st, 2022, Earnings Call for Firstsource. 
On this call, Mr. Vipul Khanna – our MD and CEO and Mr. Dinesh Jain – our CFO will provide an 
overview of Company’s performance followed by Q&A. Do note that the results, fact sheet and 
the presentation have been emailed to you and you can also view this on the website 
www.firstsource.com. 
Before we begin the call, please note that some of the matters that we will discuss on this call 
including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and 
unknown risks. These uncertainties and the risks are included but not limited to what we have 
mentioned in the prospectus filed with SEBI and subsequent annual reports that are available 
on our website. 
With that said, I now turn the call over to Mr. Vipul Khanna to take on the proceedings. 
Vipul Khanna: 
Thanks Ankur. Good evening everyone and thank you for joining us today at this late hour. It is 
a brightest morning here in California, but I should qualify that I am generally slow in this 
morning this early in the day especially for this high-quality audience. 
Let me just start it with a quick snapshot of the quarter gone by: 
Revenues grew 3.1% year-on-year in constant currency and came in at INR 15,439 million or 
$205.5 million. Operating margins were 11.3% and EPS grew by 1.6% year-on-year. For the year 
gone by, we achieved revenues of INR 795.2 million implying constant currency growth of 
14.6% in line with the recent guidance. Operating margins came in at 12.0% and the EPS at Rs. 
7.6 grew by 19.4% normalizing for the exceptional charge last year. The higher increase in EPS 
is particularly heartening for us considering the inflationary pressures especially in the back 
half of the year. 

 
 
 © Firstsource Solutions Limited  | May 11, 2022 
3  
Looking back on FY22, this has been a mix year. On the one hand, we are disappointed at 
underperforming to the guidance we set up at the beginning of the year. As we have discussed 
on past calls, a medley of macro headwinds impacted many of our businesses. On the other 
hand, we are pleased with our focus, our investments, and our progress in strengthening the 
foundation of each of our businesses. We believe this sets us up nicely for FY23 and beyond 
notwithstanding the impact from the expected significant decline in the mortgage origination 
markets in Calendar 2022.  
The strategic focus that we established a couple of years back has 3 components –  
1) 
Invest in our 3 core industries of Banking and Financial Services, Healthcare and 
Communication, Media and Technology, consolidating our leadership position in our 
chosen sub-verticals and systematically adding growth adjacencies to them. 
a. 
Similar to BFS and Healthcare provider business, our HPHS business has now 
achieved leadership position in its targeted segment. 
b. 
The acquisitions of TSG and ARSI have added valuable growth pools to 
mortgage and collections respectively. 
2) 
Push forward in our digital solutions and services to take disruptive offerings to market in 
each of the industry. 
a. 
Our offerings like digital collections, consumer debt and digital intake in 
healthcare are now recognized category leaders and growth drivers 
3) 
Above all build a purpose-led scalable and agile organization.  
a. 
This mission is steadily taking root and helping to attract world class talent and 
is more importantly resonating with clients as they progress on their own ESG 
agendas. 

 
 
 © Firstsource Solutions Limited  | May 11, 2022 
4  
Let me talk in detail about our segment performance and the road ahead: 
In financial year 2022, our banking and financial services segment grew 11.1% year-on-year 
and 9.7% in constant currency. BFS started out strong, but collections and mortgage faced 
macro headwinds, some anticipated and some unexpected. UK BFS held strong and grew 
steadily. 
Let’s talk Mortgages: 
So, this fiscal year will be a year of sharp degrowth compared to FY22. We expect this business 
will stabilize by end of Q2 FY23. Mortgage rates has spiked dramatically since the last quarter 
on the back of the worsening macro environment. The 30-year mortgage rates today are close 
to 5% to 5.5%, the highest we have seen in the last 12 years. For perspective, this used to be 
around 3% in December 2021. This big movement in interest rate has significantly impacted 
the refinance market. Additionally, we expect it will also start impacting marginally buyers in 
home  purchase market. 
In reaction, our clients have been reducing origination capacity both in-house and with us and 
other partners and while we are actively aligning our cost structures with the revised demand, 
the sharp pace of decline and lacked impact on cost will lead to margin pressures in financial 
year 23. Nevertheless, the mortgage industry cost base is still very high for the reduced market 
volume. This will generate longer-term client needs for strategic cost solutions encompassing 
deeper offshoring, automation on field and back-office processes and digital point solutions. 
We are evolving our solutions to align with our client’s current focus as we continue to invest 
for longer-term growth. So, for instance, we have prioritized specific accounts and have deeply 
engaged with them in crafting operating models for this new market cycle. I am encouraged by 
the quality of client conversation that specifically the appetite for strategic changes to their 
operating model in contrast to the breathless capacity augmentation approach of the last two 
years.  
We have seen good traction for our post-close and the due diligence offering from the TSG 
acquisition. The services segment remain steady and also there may be some near-term 
pressure in revenues as clients reallocate excess REFI capacity to servicing. We also see 
additional opportunities from likely uptick in two areas, default servicing and securitization 
volume. 
Sales efforts continue to yield good results. We added 4 new clients this quarter. Recognizing 
our strengths, portfolio size, market impact and competitive positioning, we are pleased that 
the Everest Group has recognized us as a leader in the Mortgage Operations PEAK Matrix 2022. 

 
 
 © Firstsource Solutions Limited  | May 11, 2022 
5  
 Amongst the volatility in the origination market, it is easy to lose the perspective that we have 
grown this business to almost 3x the size of what it was 3 years ago at the start of this 
origination cycle. We have provided historical data on market volume and portfolio mix in this 
quarter in IR deck. Normalizing for the refinance revenues for the last 3 years, we have built a 
solid core of servicing business and is sustainable origination portfolio side. 
For our collection business: 
We are encouraged by the momentum we are seeing. Macro indicators are pointing towards 
the return to normalcy. As per the recent data published by New York Fed outstanding credit 
card debt in January 2022 surpassed for the first time the highest debt 2019. Payment rates 
have begun to decline and the delinquency behavior is starting to come back. Delinquencies 
increased to 1.62% in the quarter ending December 21 versus 1.54% in the prior quarter. Please 
note this is the latest Fed report and we await for the March quarter data. As I mentioned 
earlier, we have been focused on the number of actions to strengthen this business by 
augmenting our state of leadership and capacity, enhancing the full scope build of our digital 
collection platform which is now reaching critical mass, and the diversifying into newer 
segments of Fintech and Utility. 
To offset lower business volume, we aggressively secured new client wins in FY22. We added 
11 new clients this year, most of these Fintechs, white labeling our digital collections. These 
wins will deliver their full year potential in FY23 and sales momentum is expected to remain 
strong in the year. As consumer spending and delinquencies continues to rise, we should start 
to see volume recovery in H2FY23 in the core card receivable management segment.  
We closed the acquisition of ARSI last quarter, the integration is progressing as planned. We 
are fine tuning the operating model, adding more digital capabilities to their core platform. We 
have renewed the sales focus and the pipeline is building nicely. Cross sell opportunities are on 
in full earnest, in fact, in the last 3 months, we have already secured one cross sell win. As 
previously mentioned, the ARSI operates at a lower margin compared to rest of our business. 
We are working through the cost synergies and operating model and SGA and expect it to come 
closer to the overall margin by end of the year. 

 
 
 © Firstsource Solutions Limited  | May 11, 2022 
6  
The UK BFS segments remain steady. In the past few calls, we talked about the talent supply 
challenges and their impact on revenue growth. We have strengthened our delivery 
architecture by opening a new satellite location in the UK to increase talent access and also 
targeted compensation adjustment. Over FY22, this segment delivered modest year-on-year 
growth and in FY23, we expect healthy growth from this segment. The twin impact of post 
pandemic economy and continued digital adoption is driving a change in demand to more 
complex higher value services such as broad management support, compliance transaction 
monitoring and complaints handling. We continue to add capabilities towards creating a 
comprehensive customer life cycle management to it. And while the talent situation in UK is 
structurally challenging, it also creates opportunity. Clients are now actively relooking at their 
location strategy for CX software. The UK financial services segment is slowing, but surely 
increasing with the usage of Chat as the CX-channel. This bodes well for offshore growth. We 
had two meaningful wins for offshore Chat this year. Lastly, strengthening our go-to-market 
efforts to drive new client wins is one of my primary focus areas for FY23. 
Shifting to Healthcare: 
In FY22, healthcare grew 28.4% year-on-year and 27.7% in constant currency. Our HPHS 
business maintained with strong growth trajectory. It has been consistently growing over the 
last 8 quarters. Q4FY22 revenues are more than 2x of the revenues which delivered in Q4FY20, 
all organic growth. 
This business remains focused on landing and expanding into the top 10 health plan, digital 
intake, BPaaS solution for big market health plan and co-creating tele-health RPM solution with 
our clients. I am pleased that we are now participating and winning large complex deals 
leveraging our solution skill and platform. The growth trajectory of this business has validated 
the playbook of driving top quartile growth in a mature market by investing in leadership and 
go-to-market capability and by taking disruptive solutions to clients. 
We are pleased that our efforts have also been recognized by experts. The Everest Group citing 
our ‘Digital First Approach’, disruptive solution and strong execution recognized us as the 
leader in the Healthcare Payer Operations PEAK Matrix of 2022 and we expect this growth 
momentum to continue in FY23 as well. 
The growth in our provider business had been impacted over the last 2 years. COVID impacted 
consumer behaviors, hospital priority and disrupted the revenue cycle for healthcare providers 
and while the public health emergency has been further extended, we are seeing that hospitals 
are now far more opened to engage. The talent supply and cost challenges for this industry are 
acute and we sense the eagerness amongst clients to explore more strategic solutions. Earlier 
in the year, we renewed our focus and investment in sales, solutioning, and products, are now 
beginning to pay off. 

 
 
 © Firstsource Solutions Limited  | May 11, 2022 
7  
During fourth quarter, we achieved more new wins than any other quarter over the last 3 years. 
Our strategy for this segment is to develop and integrate digital solutions for the RCM value 
chain, growing to geos in the US where we are under-penetrated and develop stronger 
capabilities in receivables management. We are pleased that we have been ranked number 
one in the 2022 best in KLAS software and services report and noted as a leader in the eligibility 
and enrollment services category. This report is based on the insights gathered from thousands 
of healthcare organization including direct feedback from our customers. We are now more 
confident of the provider business coming back through growth trajectory this year. With the 
continued strong growth of HPHS and the return to growth of provider this year, healthcare 
should be the flag-bearer for Company’s growth in the coming year as well. 
Finally, our communications, media and tech segment continues to perform well: 
In FY22, this segment grew by 17.5% year-on-year and 12.5% in constant currency. Our largest 
client’s business remains robust as does the health of our relationship. As I mentioned earlier, 
the UK talent supply challenges have necessitated the fine tuning of our client’s location mix. 
We successfully transitioned a few complex operations from UK to offshore. This impacts 
revenue, but it is more profitable. Notwithstanding, in FY22, we delivered mid-single digit 
growth and we are confident of similar growth in the coming year given the ramp in progress 
and potential new opportunities. The rest of our CMP portfolio made healthy progress in FY22 
growing by about 50%. In this quarter, we added 3 new accounts in fintech across CX, 
automation and brand safety. 
Finally, the last comment: 
The digital media market continues undergoing a massive change with the shift from print to 
digital and within digital, the shift from ad revenue reliance to more subscription-based 
models. Subscription revenues necessitate higher levels of customer engagement and 
innovative strategies for acquisition and retention. We are operationalizing tools to deliver 
personalized user journey resulting in greater acquisition and retention of subscribers. We are 
excited about this very meaningfully in this segment.  
Considering the growth momentum across businesses and the macro environment, we are 
guiding to a growth of 7% to 10% for FY23. This factors in the reduction in the mortgage 
business and growth in the others. Just to put this into perspective, our organic growth, 
excluding mortgage and excluding acquisitions of Stonehill and ARSI, is expected to be between 
18% to 22%. This is driven by go-live of recent wins across healthcare, BFS and CMT, pipeline 
buildup and conversion and gradual improvement in the business environment and the 
provider and collection market. 

 
 
 © Firstsource Solutions Limited  | May 11, 2022 
8  
As we mentioned before, this success in building a more holistic and diversified book of 
business is the direct result of long-term investment we have been making in the last couple of 
years. For the year, operating margins are expected to be in the range of 10.5% to 11%. Margins 
will primarily be impacted by 3 key factors - the sharp decline of the mortgage business in the 
first half of FY23 as we work to align the cost structures with revenue. We do expect to see a 
recovery in margin in the second half of FY23 as this (mortgage) business stabilizes. Second 
inflation which is rising in the US and UK and is at the multi-decade high. While clients are 
receptive to price adjustment, there is again a gap in quantum and timing and third, the modest 
dilutive impact of our FY22 acquisition of ARSI.  
FY23 will be a year of transition of our revenue composition. The business profile now is less 
volatile and provides a strong base for sustained high quality growth. We are confident on 
emerging stronger and delivering sequential growth from Q2 onwards and on normalizing 
margins by end of this year.  
I will now pass over to Dinesh to cover the financial details. 
Dinesh Jain: 
Thank you Vipul. Here is a quick summary of Q4 FY22 financial performance. For fiscal FY22, 
our revenue was Rs. 59,212 million or $795.2 million. This translates to constant currency 
growth of 14.6%. We achieved operating margin of 12% and PAT margin of 9.1%. Revenue for 
Q4 came in at Rs. 15,439 million or $205.5 million. This implies a year-on-year growth of 5.5% 
in rupee terms and 3.1% in constant currency term. 
On the margin front, operating margin came in at Rs. 1,751 million or 11.3% of the revenue for 
the quarter which is 3.2% degrowth on year-on-year basis and implies margin decline of 102 
bps. Profit after tax came in at Rs. 1,324 million or 8.6% of the revenue for Q4 FY22. This is 1.2% 
year-on-year growth on normalizing with the margin decline of 37 bps. In Q4 FY22, we 
generated Rs. 1,119 million cash from operation. Our free cash flow was Rs. 855 million after 
adjusting for CAPEX of Rs.264 million. For full year FY22, our cash flow from operation was Rs. 
7,870 million and free cash flow was Rs. 7,141 million. We declared and paid an interim 
dividend of Rs. 3.5 per share with the total outlay of Rs. 2,439 million in the last quarter. Our 
closing cash balance as of March 31st was approximately Rs. 2,084 million. 
DSO came in at 57 days in Q4 versus 58 days last quarter. Net debt as of 31st March 2022 stand 
at Rs. 8,013 million or $105.7 million versus the $5,882 million or $79 million as of December 
31st 2021. Tax rate of the Q4 was around 15%, but for the year FY22, the tax rate was 17%. For 
FY23, we expect to be within the range of 18% to 20% for the year. 

 
 
 © Firstsource Solutions Limited  | May 11, 2022 
9  
On our Forex hedging, we have coverage of £34.6 million for the next 12 months with average 
rate of around Rs. 114 to pound. Coverage for dollar for $52.5 million with average rate of Rs. 
79 to a dollar. Also, I think one correction which we have in the fact sheet which has been sent 
out to you all guys which is the onshore, offshore mix for Q4 as there is slight change in 
numbers which I think some mistakes there which we have rectified and uploaded on the 
website as well as I think has been shared to all of you guys through the mail. So, please note 
the same.  
With this we can open the call for the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Manik Taneja from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Appreciate to give breakup of Mortgage between Servicing and 
Origination in the deck. I wanted to pick  your brains on what we have been hearing from some 
of your peers for this existing of very robust demand environment for BPM, saying that there 
are both larger deals, faster decision making in terms of client decisions what it used to be. 
Could you comment on what you think about this aspect? And is it  just being driven by the 
underlying tight labor market condition? And the second one essentially is, if you could also 
talk about what proportion of your business comes in from the digital meter customer base 
and how that has been growing in recent times, would appreciate if you could talk about your 
strategy in this regard given the fact that you have been speaking about our focus on BNPL and 
Fintech customer base through the recent quarters? 
Vipul Khanna: 
Manik, your first question was around the overall BPM demand environment outside of 
mortgage, yes? 
Manik Taneja: 
That is correct, so I wanted to understand some of your peers have been talking about larger 
deals and faster than the usual decision making that we have seen on the BPM side because 
BPO seems to have been associated with longer sales cycles, if you could talk about what you 
are seeing in the market place? 

 
 
 © Firstsource Solutions Limited  | May 11, 2022 
10  
Vipul Khanna: 
I think in general, we are seeing as especially for this calendar year, I think the demand 
environment has certainly strengthened if you think about healthcare, if you think about CMT, 
banking obviously we play in segment mortgage and collections are somewhat unique, but for 
UK BFS, we are seeing good demand. Is it large and structured deal? yes, I think a little bit 
sporty, depends on the segment you play, but in general, I think the tactical opportunities that 
people had to do over the last 18 odd months, I think they are now done for. Now, it is more 
about stepping back and seeing the labor market, the cost situation and inflation, I think this is 
prompting a little bit of step back and think about more strategic deal and if I could comment 
specifically on mortgage while we are seeing sharp pull back in the current capacity, but that is 
kind of practical actions. What we are seeing is that the cost base is out of whack is the new 
reality and even that segment is stepping back and saying how do I now align my cost base 
more structurally and that invariably means more strategic outsourcing including all 
components of it and not just the capacity augmentation or passive growth. So, I would echo 
that the comment that you mentioned. On the born digital segment, we have two focus areas, 
one is around Fintech, both for our collection offering as well as broader and the second one 
is the digital media segment for now. The Fintech segment is growing very robustly. We want 
to take some collections and we are seeing other wins in back office and customer service. 
Obviously, this is dotted by smaller names , so the individual deal size are not massive, but 
BNPL segment, if I look at the progress we made in the last 6 odd quarters, we have built up a 
very nice portfolio of about 6 of the top 10 and some outsell of the top 10 as well. And I think 
that segment as the share of payment is increasing, so good progress there. This is one of the 
focus area for FY23 that how do we go beyond collection into more meaningful areas of Fintech 
including going into the crypto arena because that is going to sucking up lot of capital, lot of 
investments undergoing, consumer investments are going there, the demand for servicing 
there had grown up. We have had two wins in the crypto segment, small, but the onus is on us 
to build on that foundation and then digital media has performed really strongly. We have 3 
wins this year and given going back to your performance about strategic, given the quality of 
solutions again I see good demand for strategic solutions on the regular media segment. We 
are currently narrowed on this two while we continue to work on the big tech companies. That 
is something which we continue to kind of stay in the market and try to find meaningful 
opportunities in the big tech space of the bondage design. 
Manik Taneja: 
And would you want to call out the proportion of our revenues from the so called digital related 
customer base currently? 

 
 
 © Firstsource Solutions Limited  | May 11, 2022 
11  
Vipul Khanna: 
We need to kind of do some alignments. Right now, we run it in two segments, we run it in the 
BFS and we run in the CMT segment, so we need to kind of start to find a way of give out that 
cut of the revenue. I don’t have it handy, but the other proxy for that, if you think about the 
digital revenues per se, from a service line perspective what we call as digitally empowered 
contact center, back office and platform and analytics. So, the platform and analytics portion 
has a good jump and for this quarter that was about 19% of the revenue, slightly different 
customer from what you are looking. This is more inherently digital solutions bought by 
companies across the sector. 
Manik Taneja: 
And last one, basically this structural uptake in terms of demand is driven by the labor situation 
in your view? 
Vipul Khanna: 
I think it is labor and coming out of COVID, when you done with the tactical action you already 
had digital going, it is now about stitching it together and starting to look at a broader value 
chain, a bigger portion of the operation, like for healthcare, we are currently working on two 
extremely large RSPs from top 10 plan which not only encompassed their existing portfolio 
with rest of the market, but also encompassing now other scope which has not been 
outsourced or has been considered more onshore centers. So, now we open as a near shore 
and offshore at the greater opportunity is to target the service value chain because earlier 
there were very clear distinction, I don’t want to do it offshore, but now it opens up that as 
well, so yes, partly triggered by the talent situation, but technology and location adds with two 
dimensions for the scope of these. 
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Just wanted to understand our guidance for FY23, organic growth guidance, ex-mortgage 
acquisition, 18% to 20% is a healthy number, how we expect the trajectory of that number, 
whether we will see our steady ramp up across the quarter or you expect it to be more 
backended kind of thing, the reason for asking is some of the segments like collection business 
still not reach to normalcy level. Delinquency is increasing, but not yet too earlier level, 
invariably in provider side PHE got extended, so recovery may be bit delayed, so if you can 
provide how we expect trajectory to be, whether from Q1 onwards we expect normal growth 
sequential happening or it would be backended? Second question is about EBIT margin 
trajectory, we guided 10.5% to 11% for current year, but how we should look medium term 
Firstsource margin trajectory, whether this year is exceptional and we will return back to our 
normal margin trajectory entering into FY24? if you can provide some medium-term outlook 
for margin trajectory considering the business mix change would we expect to happen over 
next few quarters and investment plan? 

 
 
 © Firstsource Solutions Limited  | May 11, 2022 
12  
Vipul Khanna: 
Dipesh, given generally your questions and data, we have given you lot of data this time on the 
mortgage side, so there is full perspective, right on how it is moving. So, trajectory over the 
year, at an overall Company level, Q1 will be flattish because the impact of mortgage decline 
will kind of take away all the growth that will come from other sectors and we expect mortgage 
sort of will bottom out by Q2 and then start to stabilize and sort of have modest growth, that 
is just on mortgage for the year and its impact on the year. I think HPHS will be steady growth 
through the year, Provider is starting to pick up, but I think the volumes will pick up as we go 
to Q2FY23 and then more growth in H2FY23. UK BFS, I think will be steady growth through the 
year. Collections, I think have started out strong. I am cautiously optimistic that we will start to 
see growth little bit better from Q2FY23 onwards rather than all towards backended, but 
overall if I add up everything, the impact of mortgage and the growth in other sectors, Q1 will 
be flattish, it will start to pick up in Q2 and then we will see healthy growth in Q3 and Q4 from 
a revenue perspective. On EBIT, your instinct is absolutely right, this is a year of transition, we 
are replacing almost 10 points of our growth from mortgage with more steady sticky revenues, 
right, so there is a 10% switch of our revenue switching from mortgage to the more profitable 
one. This will weigh heavy on the first half of the year as far as margins is concerned, but we 
expect that by end of the year, this start to come back to our current level, so we expect to 
kind of get EBIT at about 11.5% to 12% by Q4 and then as we get to FY24, we should be back 
to our normal guidance of keeping it at that level and then starting give net sales of about 20 
to 25 basis points on that level. Does that answer your question, Dipesh? 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Yes, it does answer. Now, just two questions, first about the top telecom account which we 
have, how we should look at that business growth because earlier you expected some supply 
side challenges, now you are indicating, to some extent we have find ways to mitigate it, but 
here would be deflation because offshoring is one of the way to take a lead, so considering all 
these moving item, how you expect top client to perform for us? 

 
 
 © Firstsource Solutions Limited  | May 11, 2022 
13  
Vipul Khanna: 
As I said the year gone by, FY22, we got set of mid-single digit growth, net after everything, 
supply side challenges, movements to offshore, but also tested our new things from offshore 
which kind of opens up new vistas, I think that will be an important growth driver and then 
going into next year at this point we are forecasting, we will have similar set of both trajectory 
going into next year, FY23. I think the fact that the UK market is challenging that is forcing an 
element of reaching on the location strategy. We saw that in FY22, I think I am again cautiously 
optimistic that we will see more manifestations of that and open up more scope as far as 
different geographies is concerned and also now with our digital becoming more real and Chat 
especially becoming more acceptable as the main stream option, not for just emerging 
companies, but for mainstream large telecom and internet providers, I think Chat will become 
an important driver for growth and Chat is very global, very offshore. So, net-net that is kind of 
the color, but we are confident about decent growth, mid single digit growth from the large 
client and lastly, if I could point out that couple of years ago when we started this account was 
about 20% of our revenue, but with other growth and yet delivering net growth on this account, 
this is now about less than 15% of the FSL revenue, so fairly good gains in terms of reducing 
the concentration risk from the large account. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
And last question from my side, we have guided 7% to 10%, so if you can help us understand 
your assumption for low end and higher end, upper and lower end, what kind of assumption 
you have made and how one should look the trajectory playing out will give us confidence, in 
next couple of quarters, we will be closer to upper end than lower end? 
Vipul Khanna: 
Obviously, this is what we see today, one big factor is always right to have a range in the start 
of the year is the timing of deal closure and the timing of go live. That is one factor which plays 
among different businesses, I think for now we have built in a reasonable amount of 
intelligence in how the market especially for providers and collections evolve. I think the other 
variable to think about is we obviously have two meaningful acquisitions which we are 
integrating and kind of taking those new offerings to our existing clients as well as the Stonehill, 
they operate in the long tail of the mortgage market, right. We additionally focused on the 
large clients; they focus on the long tail. So, it is about we understand that market and taking 
some of our offerings to that market, so that variable of cross sell into each other’s market is 
the other variable which has gone into the 7% to 10% assumption that we have. I think the 
timing of some of the recovery in collections and providers has a bearing in terms of whether 
we play on the upper end of the top end and the mortgage decline acceleration has been 
reasonably intense leading up to February, March and into sort of April, May now. We are kind 
of hoping that we start to see more structural demand in March towards end of H2FY23 with 
meaningful revenue. We are not counting a whole lot, but that will be the last factor which we 
will pay out there. That is how we see the 7% to 10%. Ankur, anything I am missing on that? 
Ankur Maheshwari: 
No Vipul, I think it largely covers in terms of how we are seeing right now, for the next quarters. 

 
 
 © Firstsource Solutions Limited  | May 11, 2022 
14  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Mihir Manohar: 
I wanted to understand that you got it for 7% to 10% kind of a growth for FY23, so if this is 
already organic component or at the Company level? 
Vipul Khanna: 
This is at the Company level, but this is all organic as far as starting the year is concerned. This 
7% to 10% also include the 6% full year impact from the acquisition that we did last year, but 
going forward, there is no acquisition baked into this growth assumption. 
Mihir Manohar: 
So, basically this 7% to 10% guidance includes ARSI and StoneHill? 
Vipul Khanna: 
Yes and that has 6% impact. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Understood. And I wanted to understand on the delinquency side, we are seeing delinquency 
going up, so how do you see the collections part of the business, how should we model that 
for this particular year across the quarters? 
Vipul Khanna: 
So, FY22 was kind of very muted, we were net flattish, we added new clients, but there were 
significant volume decline from existing clients given the exceptional credit quality and as I said 
the delinquency ratio has started to pick up. The core card portfolio, obviously there is a lag 
impact, spending is up, now by the design the payments start to kind of fall behind and you 
start to see people going overdue 90-180 days, it takes time to build that up and the portfolio 
raise to us for collection. That is just on the core card collection portfolio, but I am very 
encouraged by one, the digital collections platform is really kind of establishing its leadership 
in the market and we are taking it across segment, Fintech has been great embracing and I 
think the deal win there is resulting into revenue of normal trajectory given they are of small 
base, they are not as much affected by the market trajectory at right now, so we are seeing 
good revenue booking and volumes in the Fintech segment and we have started to kind of 
make some interest in the utility segment. And then the legal collection has come as a good 
short in the arm, I think it has been received well by our existing client both way, so compared 
to flattish last year, we expect strong growth from collections this year across both our core 
collections as well as legal portfolio. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Awatramani from Envision Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Awatramani: 
Just wanted some clarification that you have given 7% to 10% of growth for FY23 revenue 
growth, is this understanding correct? 
Vipul Khanna: 
Yes. 

 
 
 © Firstsource Solutions Limited  | May 11, 2022 
15  
Sanjay Awatramani: 
And EBIT margin of 11.5% to 12%? 
Vipul Khanna: 
No, 10.5% to 11%. 
Sanjay Awatramani: 
What is the attrition rate for full year FY22? 
Vipul Khanna: 
We have given lot of details in the investor deck. We track it separately between onshore and 
offshore plus slightly different market and how they behave and different talent market. What 
we saw in our onshore markets, UK and US, attrition was high and it peaked in Q2, but it has 
started to come down from a peak of 60+% is now kind of close to mid 40 in Q4 for our US and 
UK market. Offshore has picked up slightly, it is about 50% now and it is 50% because for the 
last several quarters given the COVID and work from home and for psychological safety it was 
artificially low, it is starting to come up now, but net-net for the year we have ended at about 
50% onshore and 46% offshore. As we go into next year, I think we have a number of new 
actions in place, we did wage corrections for the frontline staff given high level market in both 
US and UK and our investments in leadership development, engagement, and making the work 
from home model work, I think they should have a positive impact on attrition. Clearly, I think 
most of us in the industry are shifting away from hey, work from home is transitory so now 
what is the long-term model and still big chunk of majority of the folks are still working from 
home. So, I think this new reality and settling into that even when COVID impact has gone is 
something which needs to play out and we are working hard like everybody else to find new 
ways, but my sense is we should have better attrition next year despite there is still very red 
hot market for the US and UK. 
Sanjay Awatramani: 
Just last one if I can squeeze in, so just wanted to ask I mean if you have any acquisition plans 
for FY23 or FY24 and if you can quantify that and if you can highlight the debt value in INR 
terms if you can help me with that? 
Vipul Khanna: 
Look, acquisitions I have said that we have a systematic strategy of finding growth adjacencies 
in our core areas that we operate. In the last 18 months, we have done 3 acquisitions, all adding 
something to our existing businesses in provider, collection and mortgage. We continue to take 
that strategy forward and I think nothing specific to report, but this strategy of tuck-in 
acquisitions, paying largely lot of cash flow that I think will continue to FY23 and FY24. We do 
think we have built an engine on the leadership team to be able to take on additional areas 
where we think there are opportunities and we built up our network of channels to get good 
visibility on deals happening through around the markets that we are operating. So, nothing 
specific to report, continuation of the same strategy and you should continue to see small tuck-
in opportunity come through. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nagraj Chandrasekar from Laburnum. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
 © Firstsource Solutions Limited  | May 11, 2022 
16  
Nagraj Chandrasekar: 
Just want to understand what really is the impact of high inflation on our customers, one hand 
you mentioned greater demand for our services, on the other hand we see high level attrition  
and that need to pay up first by most of the contracts along the tenure, fixed rate contracts 
where we get the volume effect and volumes would now fairly go up with that inflation rates, 
so how those two really work out in the past few days of high inflation and talent and shortages, 
what are we seeing on the margin front with respect to in the past? 
Vipul Khanna: 
Great question. Look, inflation is real and if you look at the frontline staff and those wages, the 
components of that basket of consumption are obviously particularly food, fuel, energy prices, 
etc., so we have been very focused, proactive in making sure that we are increasing our hiring 
wage and we are adjusting it for existing employees. I think that has had, these are stuff that 
we have done mostly in this quarter, I think that has a positive impact and it kind of sets the 
base now for the future hiring that this is the increased salary that we will hire in the future. 
Now, obviously, lot of our contracts have index linked provisions, either linked through 
minimum wage or living wage in the UK, so those are automatic, but given the more broader 
inflation for most of our clients we have initiated dialog, we have gotten good direction, even 
approval from couple of large clients for higher than normal rate hikes, not necessarily all from 
today, but there are some playing out from the future and other clients have shown openness 
to the contract that come up for their anniversary cycles. At that time, they will consider sort 
of again, so this kind of a bespoke arrangements we are talking to big clients on that. The other 
way to think about is that talent shortage is real for everyone, right, where even for in-house 
operation for client, you think our provider business has severe talent situation, healthcare 
broadly is facing the same challenge in US, what is good is that it is creating demand for 
offshore and openness for offshore, so Mexico has gone live and now we have active 
conversation from other clients to say, Mexico is a viable option. Philippines demand is 
becoming more real and then obviously there is India and then the move to chat to say how 
much can I devote to Chat and are more comfortable taking Chat offshore than I was taking 
calls offshore. So, near shore and offshore and Chat channel migration are more structural 
options to take care for that. This year, net-net as I pointed out from a margin standpoint, it 
will have some downward pressure. That is why we have guided to somewhat lower margin 
for this year and as recoveries and price hikes play out, we should see margin come back to 
11.5% to 12% by the end of the year. Dinesh, anything else to add on the inflation and client 
recovery? 
Dinesh Jain: 
No, I think very well covered. 
Nagraj Chandrasekar: 
Understood. Post FY23, what do you see for longer-term growth trajectory possible within the 
healthcare business both on the client and provider business, then the most visible turnaround 
is what we have achieved in HPHS in the last two years, how much further is there to go, can 
we quickly see this go to 15% growth during the 4-5 years period, given the large amount of 
talent we have employed? 

 
 
 © Firstsource Solutions Limited  | May 11, 2022 
17  
Vipul Khanna: 
Nagraj, your voice was little bit breaking, but I think I got a sense the question you are asking 
is what is the longer-term growth trajectory of the healthcare business? 
Nagraj Chandrasekar: 
Yes. 
Vipul Khanna: 
So, take two parts, obviously we have been rebuilding our HPHS, health plan and health 
services business, last two years, I think it has done fantastically well both quantitatively and 
qualitatively in terms of the size has doubled from it was in a run rate basis as I said Q4 FY22, 
we have put in 3 or 4 strategies for growth in that area. Two of them are traditionally 
established areas, traditional BPO, claim processing, etc., but two more technology driven 
bespoke BPaaS for tech market as well as digital intake for pretty much everyone. Those are 
still I think in the early days and we see a lot of growth trajectory for digital intake as well as 
for BPaaS and I think given the size of that market, I am confident that we can continue our 
growth trajectory in HPHS that we have seen in the last 2 years. At least for the next few years, 
we can see that continuing and keep in mind this has been all organic. The provider business 
where we play a narrower segment for the market, we are leaders, but narrower segment that 
has been muted last two years, as I said this quarter was one of the best from a sale standpoint, 
the best we have seen in the last 3 years. What we are also doing is we are expanding scope of 
what we play and again offshoring comes into play, we are developing new offering which kind 
of clients are more amenable from an offshore standpoint given the talent situation. So, from 
a normal growth recovery as well as increasing the scope of where we play, I am cautiously 
optimistic that providers will have healthy growth this year and as we get into next year, it will 
just start to build on that momentum. So, the net-net FY23 and FY24, we should definitely see 
at least Company average or may be slightly higher than Company average growth in the 
overall healthcare segment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shradha Agrawal from Asian Market Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
You did indicate that you expect decline in mortgage revenue in 1Q, so from the current run 
rate of close of $46-$47 million that we are doing in mortgage, what is the kind of decline that 
we should build into our model for 1Q? 
Vipul Khanna: 
Shradha, as you said we gave a lot of detail, at a full year basis, right now we are model, 
mortgage at between $125 to $135 million for the full year. Of that we expect about two third 
will come from servicing and the remaining will come from origination which is a very different 
composition from what we have had in the past, right, it is kind of almost inverse of what we 
had in the past. So, our run rate for Q4 in mortgage was about $44 million to $45 million, I think 
it is around $45 million, but as we get into the next two quarter, we expect that will be more 
in the range of $30 to $33 odd million. 

 
 
 © Firstsource Solutions Limited  | May 11, 2022 
18  
Shradha Agrawal: 
And another thing is you did indicate about the growth trajectory of the Company in the 
healthcare segment in particular, but beyond FY23, how should we look at Firstsource as a 
composite Company in terms of growth rate, earlier you used to have this aspiration of being 
in the top quartile growth rate vis-à-vis peers in the BPM industry, so how should we look at 
medium term aspiration for us now going beyond FY22? 
Vipul Khanna: 
Shradha, even for FY22, we have got into 14.7%, next year we are saying 7% to 10%, but if you 
exclude out for the transition of revenue from mortgage as I said it will be about 18% to 22% 
which reflects the more diversified business even from FY22. So, if you take that forward and 
take it to FY24 and FY25, I am very confident of returning back to that aspiration even at the 
net growth level backing out all the uncertainties and at this stage very confident that we come 
back to that top quartile low double-digit sort of mid-teens kind of growth at the Company 
level. We have talked about our established businesses, we are also obviously incubating newer 
businesses that we have did in the past, those are something, it will take a while, but I think we 
are building those growth wave for the future as well to supplement the existing businesses of 
BFS, CMT and healthcare as well. Back to the core question, FY24 and FY25, I am confident that 
we will come back to that aspiration. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
And just one number related question, what should be the CAPEX number for FY23 and what 
is the pending payout on the acquisitions and the mortgage client payout for FY23? 
Vipul Khanna: 
Sorry, your question was CAPEX and the pending payout for acquisitions and the mortgage 
minority buyout. Dinesh, you want to take that? 
Dinesh Jain: 
CAPEX, we built in around $8 to $9 million because I think as of today plan is more of a 
technology side CAPEX which is going to take place, so that has been built in there and on the 
acquisition side, Ankur, you have the number readily? 
Ankur Maheshwari: 
So, Shradha, on the acquisition, the numbers are contingent on performance, these are 
earnout assuming if the target the business is performed to full potential, this payout could be 
in the range of about $12 million and regarding the mortgage deal that we had signed, again 
contingent on certain outcomes and that would also I think the range of around $5 to $10 
million depending upon where the performance lands at. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
If this $12 million is combined on both the acquisitions? 
Ankur Maheshwari: 
Yes, $12 million, yes. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
And mortgage is $5 to $10 million? 
Ankur Maheshwari: 
Yes. 

 
 
 © Firstsource Solutions Limited  | May 11, 2022 
19  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Vipul Khanna: 
Thank you. Again, thank you everyone for joining late in the day. It has been interesting two 
quarters I am looking forward to steadier and more uneventful FY23 and come back and talk 
to you about the progress we make. Thank you again for joining and your interest in us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Firstsource Solutions Limited, that concludes 
this conference. We thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
