B 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
Mahindra Epc 
Por Ne HDS MICE Are, 
Nashik - 422 010 Maharashtra India. 
Tel +91 253 2381081 / 82, 6642000 
Email 
: infe@mahindrairrigation.com 
CIN No. 
: L25200MH1981PLC025731 
Website 
: www.mahindrairrigation.com 
Date: 12th May, 2022 
Agri Helpline toll free number 1800-209-1050 
To, 
To, 
The General Manager, 
The General Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-I Block G, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400051. 
Mumbai- 400 001. 
NSE Symbol: MAHEPC 
BSE Scrip Code: 523754 
Subject: Submission under Regulation 30 and 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
& Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
read along with SEBI (Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure Requirements) 
(Second Amendment) 
Regulations, 
2021. 
- Transcript of Investor Call. 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
With reference to our letter dated 28" April, 2022 and pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 
of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read 
along with SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) (Second Amendment) 
Regulations, 2021, please find enclosed the transcript of the Investor cal! held with the 
Investors/Analysts/ Several Funds on 5 May, 2022 to discuss the performance of the 
Company for the fourth quarter and year ended 31% March, 2022. 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
F     
atnakar Nawghare 
Company Secretary and Com 
fficer  

Mahindra cerpc 
“Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
Annual Audited Financial Results of FY2022” 
May 05, 2022 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. 
ASHOK 
SHARMA 
— 
MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
— 
MAHINDRA EPC IRRIGATION LIMITED 
Page 1 of 15

Mahindracrec 
Moderator: 
Ashok Sharma: 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
May 05, 2022 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Mahindra EPC Irmgation Limited's annual 
audited financial results of FY2022 earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions 
after 
the 
presentation 
concludes. 
Should 
you 
need 
assistance 
during 
the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Ashok Sharma, Managing Director. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Thank you very much. A very good evening, ladies and gentlemen and 
a very warm 
welcome to all of you in the seventh investor call for Mahindra EPC Imgation Limited. On 
behalf of Mahindra EPC, 
I would like to sincerely thank each one of you for joining this 
call. Today I will be sharing with you the key developments in the micro irrigation industry, 
the company’s performance, and a broad industry outlook for FY¥2023. 
Today 
I thought let me first talk a little bit about Israel. Many of you know about the 
technologies being developed in Israel with micro-imgation being one such technology 
which has come from the country. As you are aware that Israel has a very small land region, 
does not have natural resources, and very less rainfall but Israel has always overcome these 
challenges through innovation, 
and 
I will 
talk about innovation 
in the area 
of water 
management. In the early years of Israel’s existence, the population grew rapidly and as the 
tiny country struggled with the significant water shortage, Israel developed water initiatives 
all over the country. The Israel Water Authority launched a series of programs for children 
that taught them how to save water by simple means, building a whole new generation of 
water-conscious citizens. A country with over 60% desert and less than 20% naturally 
arable landmass, today Israel has become a world leader in water management and water 
recycling. 
Over 90% 
of Israel's water 
is recycled and nearly 80% 
of drinking water 
consumed is either desalinated or recycled. Israel has reduced the amount of water needed 
for irrigation by more than 30% by using micro-irrigation largely and also increased the 
groundwater level through efficient management and maintenance 
of traditional water 
storage structures. By doing this, Israeli farmers have made the desert bloom with the 
pioneering use of irrigation and innovative farm technologies. Today agriculture is thriving 
in Israel, and they have successfully travelled the journey from a water-scarce to a water- 
abundant country. Now Israel is an example for the world on how to move from a water- 
scarce to water abundant country. Cut to India, 
I have mentioned this before but for the 
benefit of the new participants I would like to share with you that the agri sector consumes 
the largest amount of water. Almost 80% of the water is used in agriculture and micro- 
irrigation becomes a very important driver for water conservation. Given the high focus on 
the environment, 
society, 
and governance; 
it 
is very critical that companies like ours 
contribute to the protection of the environment by conserving water. You may have heard 
about water futures being listed on the exchange in the US. Today, India is a water-stressed 
Page 2 of 15

- 
Mahindra Epc 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
May 05, 2022 
economy and very fast we are going to become a water-scarce economy, so what does it 
mean for the micro-irrigation industry? It means a lot because as time progresses all the 
citizens, farmers, and government have to get more and more water conscious. Today only 
12% to 13% of the available land is having micro-irrigation facilities available and the 
overall area available for using micro-irrigation is close to 70 million hectares. Out of that 
only, 10 million are covered under micro-irrigation, so clearly there are a lot of positives in 
terms of the need for micro-irrigation, especially for a country like India given its large 
landmass. The benefits of micro-irrigation are that 
it increases crop production for the 
farmer by 20% to 30% and also the labour cost comes down due to the reduction of weeds 
on the farm, which reduces the labour cost. We all have been hearing about various schemes 
by the government to promote micro-irrigation and various announcements in terms of 
more crops per drop which over the last decade and a half have driven this industry to this 
level. 
Now coming to the Mahindra EPC irrigation company, we always focus on supporting the 
farmers and helping them to be more prosperous and that is the vision of our company, how 
do we contribute to farmers’ prosperity and to the nation's priority of doubling farmer's 
income and protecting the environment while ensuring that our country remains water 
positive and not water-stressed or water-scarce. 
In terms of the whole strategy of the 
company, 
I will just repeat the key points, that 
I have been emphasizing in our previous 
calls. We have always focused on delivering high-quality products and services to the 
farmers and helping them to install and use the products properly. How do we do it? Our 
strategy is very simple. We focus on very critical markets and increase our market share 
year on year. For the last three years, we have been increasing our market share every year. 
Over the years, to increase the margins, we have shifted from low margins sprinklers to 
high margin drip products. One of the big challenges in the industry is managing working 
capital and that has been one area we have been very mindful of, and we plan our business 
based on the working capital cycles from the government. In the last 2-3 years, consciously 
we have taken 
a call 
to move towards the non-subsidy business 
so that there 
is less 
dependence on subsidies and a major thrust has been given to reducing cost. If you look at 
our numbers our FY2022 fixed costs are lower than our FY2020 fixed costs, so the whole 
idea is to make the business leaner so that we can manage our businesses profitably. 
Now let me talk about very specific things, which you will be very keen to know about how 
the industry is doing now and what is the future like. Unfortunately, the last two years for 
the industry were not favourable and the industry has been degrowing year on year. Just to 
share some statistics, which are based on the published data. In FY2020 almost 11.7 lakh 
hectares were covered through micro-irrigation. In FY2021, there was a degrowth of 20% 
and further degrowth of 25% in FY2022. In FY2022, we are estimating that around 7 lakh 
hectares were covered under micro-irrigation. This data is still to be confirmed, but this is 
Page 3 of 15

- 
Mahindra Epc 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
May 05, 2022 
our industry estimate. One has to think why these two years have been so tough for the 
industry compared to the previous years where the industry was growing at an average of 
6% to 7%, in some years it was either flat, but never have we seen this kind of degrowth in 
the industry. Looking at these two years a bit closely what one can see is that in the last two 
years largely due to the impact of COVID, the state governments have given less focus in 
terms of allocating funds for micro-irrigation as perhaps there was an urgent need in public 
health. The second challenge we saw was the overall impact of climate change. There have 
been unseasonal rains, which have had an adverse impact on certain markets and also there 
have been cases where because of cyclones some good markets could not perform. The 
third reason, which is again very peculiar for the last two years has been the increase in raw 
material cost. 
| have been talking about this on the previous calls and the trend remains 
unabated. The raw material cost has gone up by almost 30% over FY2021, which means an 
impact of almost 14-15% on the total material cost. Mahindra EPC could reduce the impact 
by 
certain 
innovative 
design 
improvements, 
process 
improvement, 
and 
efficiency 
improvements, these saved around 2% to 3%, but still, we had an adverse impact of the 
material 
cost increase of around 11-12%. The major reasons for this increase 
in raw 
material costs have been the overall supply and demand situation. We have seen that the 
demand for polymers had increased significantly for applications for medical and other 
areas 
and 
also 
there 
have 
been many instances 
of large companies 
either reducing 
production of irrigation grade or going for large breaks. Another driver for this raw material 
cost is the increasing crude oil prices. In the last year from April to April, the prices have 
gone more than 70%, which has impacted the material cost. This has put a lot of pressure on 
the industry in terms of reduced revenues, reduced margins and hence 
it has become 
unviable to sell the products profitably in certain markets. These are the challenges which 
we saw in the last two years in the industry. Based on this, lot of efforts have been taken by 
the industry association to interact with various authorities in the government, specific 
suggestions on how the pricing may be linked with the raw material cost on a dynamic 
basis. Also, the schemes can be run more efficiently by doing DBTs to the farmers and 
assuring the schemes are available all around the year, based on this there have been some 
positive developments in terms of the central government announcing guidelines for price 
increase in October 2021, after that various state governments have started the process of 
price revision. Up till now the Telangana Government has already increased the price and 
other state governments are in the process and we expect some more price increase coming 
from different state governments starting this quarter. Also, what is favourable for the 
industry 
is that 
stable markets 
like Maharashtra, 
Gujarat and Tamil Nadu have been 
consistently performing and have demonstrated their commitment to giving adequate funds 
for this year. On the ground, we see them working efficiently to ensure the business or the 
industry does not suffer. There are two other developments which we think are positive for 
the industry. One is the renewed and strong interest of the Telangana state government. 
They have declared oil palm cultivation as a big priority for the state government and 
Page 4 of 15

- 
Mahindra Epc 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
May 05, 2022 
towards that, they have allocated a budget of around Rs.500 Crores towards micro-irrigation 
and they have been actively engaging with the industry to increase micro-irrigation 
in 
Telangana, 
so 
that seems 
to 
be 
a good opportunity 
for the industry, 
and they have 
demonstrated that by increasing the price and declaring the new price ahead of other states. 
Another development which is worth noting is related to the AP government. You would be 
aware that for the last two years the Andhra Pradesh government has been quite dormant in 
the micro irrigation industry and recently in the last few months, we have seen a renewed 
interest and demonstration that has seen decent payments made by the AP government to 
various companies for the amounts which have been due for quite some time and the 
balance has also been assured in this month and the department has been actively engaging 
with the industry to now restart the micro-irrigation business, 
so we seem to be on the 
positive 
side. 
Increase 
of prices by the 
state government, 
the 
focus 
on 
stable 
states 
continues, dormant and large states like AP and Telangana getting reactivated and we 
expect this should drive the industry well for the coming years. Having said this, there are 
challenges which continue. We are not seeing any relief in the raw material prices. They 
have been increasing in the last few months and we expect that we may remain on similar or 
marginally higher 
levels 
in 
the 
next few months. 
As 
the 
geopolitical 
situation 
and 
uncertainty reduce across the globe, some new capacities come in and the port congestions 
which are creating a lot of issues in terms of movement of goods ease out during the next 
few months, we could perhaps expect some stabilization / softening of raw material prices. 
Today it is very difficult to take that view. We are not seeing in the immediate future any 
scope of relaxation on raw material prices, so this is the context which 
I wanted to share 
with all of you to see the financial performance of Q4 and for the full year. 
I am sure, you 
have already gone through the results. 
I 
will just share the highlights. 
In 
Q4, Mahindra EPC 
Irrigation Limited reported 
a 
consolidated revenue of Rs.66.7 Crores in FY2022 Q4 versus Rs.72.5 Crores in FY2021 Q4 
and we had a PAT of Rs.0.14 Crores in F2022 Q4 versus Rs.4.06 Crores in F2021 Q4, the 
material cost has increased to 63.7% versus 55.7% in the last quarter. There has been a 
significant increase of almost 8% in the material cost, which has impacted our bottom line. 
On annual levels, we have had degrowth. Our consolidated earning was Rs.212 Crores 
compared to Rs.257 Crores last year and we had a PAT of negative Rs.7.9 Crores versus a 
PAT of Rs. 18.9 Crores in FY¥2021. The material cost has moved from 51.7% to 62.8%, a 
significant jump and we did not see any major price increases from the government last 
year. This increase of 11% has impacted our bottom line significantly. Now I talked about 
FY2022, challenges, efforts put by the industry and some actions by the state governments, 
but when I look internally at how this year has gone for Mahindra EPC, 
I think many good 
things have happened in terms of what we could do internally, and I will talk about that one 
by one. Once we realized that the raw material costs are going up and the revenues may be 
under pressure because of state government funding, a lot of efforts had been put to move 
Page 5 of 15

Mahindracrec 
Moderator: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Ashok Sharma: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Ashok Sharma: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
May 05, 2022 
toward a business model which is having less dependence on subsidies. Just to give some 
statistics, in FY2020, 1% of the revenue was coming from non-subsidy business and last 
year our revenue was 15% from non-subsidy business. In the past, we have been putting 
efforts to focus on states which were more stable with better payment cycles and last year 
we could achieve 33% of our revenue from these states, compared to 22% in FY2021 and 
around 19% in FY2020. So, we are moving markets which are more stable and dependable 
in terms of payments. Moving to our joint venture, Mahindra Top Greenhouses Pvt. Ltd., 
we have seen some good development there. We have been able to sign MOU for providing 
net houses for rural livelihood increase of small farmers and there is a good pipeline of 
orders for the year, which we expect we will be able to fulfil during the coming time. 
Another benefit from the 
last two years 
is our focus on cost. We could put 
a lot of 
additional focus and we could manage to keep our fixed cost lower than the FY2020 level 
despite the inflation and that has been possible due to various innovative ideas in terms of 
reducing the waste in the system and improving productivity. Even the variable cost had 
been contained in FY2022 by a lot of optimizations of the mix despite the increase in 
freight cost and other variable elements. We believe that our efforts to perform better than 
the industry will continue, and we would be focusing on our strategy of key market focus, 
improving our mix, working in profitable states, and increasing our non-subsidy revenue so 
that we are having faster payment cycles while keeping our eyes on costs. With this we are 
quite hopeful that going forward our performance will continue to 
be better than the 
industry and ensure that our farmers sustain their trust in Mahindra EPC for its quality and 
good service. So, with this, 
I end my opening remarks and 
I would now be very happy to 
hear your suggestions, questions and comments, so over to you for the Q&A session. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. We will 
wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of 
Aejas Lakhani from Unifi Capital Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sir thanks for the opening remarks. 
I wanted to check with you if could you speak a little bit 
about the 
receivable 
position, 
if 
I remember 
correctly Rs.40 
Crores 
is 
the 
pending 
receivable from the AP government so could you speak a 
little bit about that situation? 
Any other question Lakhani. 
I will follow it up with another one Sir. 
Go ahead, 
I can answer together, this is a simple one. 
Yes, also going ahead now Sir, the pain that you have seen with the AP government if you 
could just highlight that with the better-governed states what kind of a receivable you have 
Page 6 of 15

Mahindracrec 
Ashok Sharma: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Ashok Sharma: 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
May 05, 2022 
from them and what kind of ability do you have to further increase the sales in those regions 
versus where you have been currently selling. 
I presume you are predominantly selling just 
in six to seven states right, actually five to six states if ] understand so that also? 
Sure. You are very right. 
I thank Lakhani for putting this question because this is one of the 
most important drivers in this industry. As far as AP is concerned, 
I mentioned in my 
opening comments that for two years hardly any payment came, but recently in the last 
month of April, we received almost around Rs. 15 Crores payment from AP when the total 
due was Rs.40 Crores. A similar amount is expected this month as per the government, but 
we will have 
to wait and 
see. The Rs.15 Crores that we have received 
is 
a positive 
development as far as AP is concerned. Now coming to your next question. If you look at 
the industry, largely these five to six states 1.e., Maharashtra, Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, Andhra, 
Telangana, and Karnataka would contribute almost 75% to 80% of the entire industry so 
everybody is in those markets. Maharashtra and Gujarat are the industry markets, which 
tend to pay on time. An efficient state like Gujarat would end up paying us between three 
months to 
six months depending on which part of the year. The scheme 
is better in 
Maharashtra, we do not have many receivable issues because the payment is directly made 
to 
farmers. This is the model we are recommending to the government where there is direct 
benefit transfer, so our receivables will be very less. That is very good for us in terms of 
working capital management. Tamil Nadu 
is the third big market, which is driving the 
industry and that state is not very efficient on payments, they have a larger time frame for 
payments. It could go beyond six months, but again the silver lining in this is that we do get 
our money. 
It is sometimes delayed, but the governments do honour their commitment. 
Now the last question, which you asked about focusing on these markets, 
| mentioned in my 
opening comments that the 22% revenue from the good markets has gone up to 33% 
business. That is one positive sign, and we have some very good plans to further strengthen 
our position in these markets. 
I hope that answers your question Lakhani. 
Yes Sir just 
a couple of follow-ups again on that, one 
is that what is the 
size of our 
Maharashtra, Gujarat and Tamil Nadu in terms of size if you could just expand that and also 
Sir you mentioned that Telangana has already increased prices, so could you quantify what 
is the increase in prices that Telangana has done and if you have any indicator of what are 
the other states likely to do? 
I think you ask the question on everybody's behalf. If you look at Maharashtra and Gujarat, 
these markets hover around Rs.600 Crores to Rs.800 Crores each depending on the year. 
Tamil Nadu has been growing at a faster pace recently in the last three to four years. It is in 
the range of Rs.500 Crores to Rs.600 Crores now, so these are the three markets which 
contribute to almost Rs.2000 Crores plus or minus 5% to 10% and again it varies year to 
year depending on various factors. Coming 
to Telangana, the price increase they have 
Page 7 of 15

Mahindracrec 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Ashok Sharma: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Ashok Sharma: 
Moderator: 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
May 05, 2022 
offered is in line with the increase in input cost of last year, but the question is what will be 
the increase of the other states, 
I have no idea. 
If you have any indicators? 
I have no idea, 
but what 
I can tell you out of experience 
is that once big 
states like 
Telangana or Andhra give price increases, it becomes something of a benchmark for other 
states to think, but frankly it is very difficult to say because each state has their way of 
thinking, but we are happy that at least Telangana has taken a night position to give a 
reasonable increase so that the industry can have the interest to promote micro-irngation in 
that state. 
Got it Sir and Sir you had mentioned 
I think in the last call that newer states UP, MP, 
Rajasthan, and Bihar were looking 
to participate 
so any green shoots there and just 
a 
follow-up on AP, we have had a terrible experience so is it the philosophy where we will 
not be very aggressive in that state any longer or given that they are opening up their 
posturing we will continue to sort of focus again and hope for a better payment cycle from 
that government? 
Clearly, 
I would agree with you on the second point. We need to be cautious in certain 
markets. 
I think due to the AP situation, the industry came together, and they put a strong 
request to the AP government in terms of the payment cycle. We also have certain norms 
internally where we manage our business based on the payment cycle. Once we see that the 
payment cycle is favourable in a state, we increase efforts in that state. 
So, we will 
all 
monitor AP and how it goes. If it is doing well then, we would like to participate but if it is 
not meeting our norms then we will calibrate our efforts there, so that is as far as AP is 
concemed. Now the other question we discussed, and I mentioned earlier, about states like 
UP, Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, and Rajasthan. They show some promise and so on a lower 
base they have not been so badly impacted compared to other large states, but overall last 
year’s sentiment was rather low and the call we took given the huge pressures on revenue 
was to go very conservative in terms of costs and not put too much cost upfront. We have 
been very cautious in the new states given the overall environment of the industry, but we 
have some good strategies. As the industry moves ahead, we will take a more aggressive 
position, but the short answer is that we have decided not to push so aggressively compared 
to what we thought. We will re-prioritize whenever it becomes favourable. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Aditya Shah from Vikram Advisory 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Page 8 of 15

Mahindracrec 
Aditya Shah: 
Ashok Sharma: 
Aditya Shah: 
Ashok Sharma: 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
May 05, 2022 
Sir I have two to three questions as of now. One is regarding our market share currently and 
the second one is the growth expected for the industry and us since the last two years were 
degrowth. The third question is about the 8% to 9% revenue, which came in HI from the 
non-government business, what was that in H2 and for the full year and what is your plan to 
increase up to what percentage in the next year, FY2023? 
Increase what. 
Increase the percentage of non-government business in FY2023? 
Thanks Aditya for coming on this call and asking these questions. Now if you look at EPC 
every year consistently, we have been growing by 0.4% to 0.5% on our market share most 
of the years and if I look at the last three years’ data, we have grown by an average of 0.4% 
year-on-year. Today our market share is between 6% and 6.5%. 
I must also caution that 
these are estimates. There is no reliable data available through independent sources. This is 
based on our estimates of other players at the all-India level and the state level 
so this 
percentage could be a little bit off in terms of absolute numbers. The trend has been a 
gradual increase in market share and the reason again is very important. Our company has 
always focused on the customer and our product quality & services are perceived to be the 
best in the market. This product requires service and handholding to the new farmer who is 
buying the system for the first time, starting from the design of this equipment because each 
lot has to be customized. The design has to be customized for that plot. Proper installation 
has to be done and then the farmers have to be properly educated for using it well. Coming 
to the second question about growth. It is a tough one because the industry is going through 
quite a difficult time in the last two years, but when I look at the positives 1.e., the dormant 
states wanting to get active, price increases will make the industry attractive but also there 
is the downside of the raw material cost, which the industry has to deal with in the short 
term. So, we estimate that in H1, there will be a single-digit kind of growth, 5% to 10% and 
in H2 depending on how the monsoon goes and how the policies unfold, in the positive 
scenario, 5% to 12% could be the annualized growth rate depending on various factors. 
This is our current estimate, in the next call we can update based on the new data available. 
As far as Mahindra EPC is concerned, we do not give any specific forecast or our forward 
revenues projection, but what we can share with all of you is that our attempt and efforts are 
always to grow faster than the industry, which we have also demonstrated in the last few 
years. We will always ensure that we put all the efforts & strategy to ensure we are growing 
better than the industry. That answers your second question. Now when we 
say non- 
government 
business, 
we mean non-subsidy business. 
I 
think two 
years 
ago, 
I 
had 
mentioned on the call that looking at COVID and other factors, we want to now develop 
this portfolio. Now there are three to four subsegments in that. The first segment is the thin- 
walled drips meaning low mm thickness. These are offered to farmers at a lower cost, and 
Page 9 of 15

Mahindracrec 
Aditya Shah: 
Ashok Sharma: 
Aditya Shah: 
Ashok Sharma: 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
May 05, 2022 
they have 
a smaller life, but they do the job as good as the regular drip and they are 
available outside subsidy. Another segment is government-linked projects, but not subsidy 
linked. In this, the government issues tenders and notices and the companies are encouraged 
to work with the government. We 
can choose 
to 
decide, which project 
to work 
on 
depending on the payment terms and the past interactions with the governments. 
So, we 
select projects which are having good payment terms and we execute them. The third 
segment is exports, and the fourth segment is the non-subsidy business for farmers who are 
not eligible for subsidy. We also have a database of our old farmers since we are in this 
business for many years. We are reaching out to them, those who are not eligible for 
subsidies 
are encouraged 
to 
go 
for the non-subsidy product. 
This 
is 
on non-subsidy 
business. As 
I mentioned before, last year we did around 15% non-subsidy business. This 
year the thrust continues, so that is where we are Aditya. 
Sir to follow up with that, the pricing changes that the Telangana government made, let us 
say the other governments do not make any kind of price changes then if we were to sell the 
micro-irrigation products to the farmers at these prices without the increase, do we sell it at 
a loss or a very minor profit? 
We can see from the last quarter’s financials that are in front of you. With the old prices, 
this was the performance. At a topline of Rs.66 Crores, we almost broke even with the 
current cost and pricing structure. So, if the cost and pricing get favourable, then obviously 
things are positive for us. If the cost does not get favourable but the price gets marginally 
favourable, then a little better scenario emerges. Though let us say cost gets adverse and 
price does not change, then we have a worse scenario coming. So, we have to see how the 
market unfolds. 
Su, from 2011 to 2015 just going a bit back if] look earlier the raw material cost had been 
for the four years when just when Mahindra acquired EPC between 60% and 65% and even 
after that the operating margin was positive between 5% and 9%; 
I believe the change in the 
business model by paying higher sales commission is creating 
a bigger drag on the net 
profits because today with 63% raw material cost our operating margin 
is negative 3% 
versus a positive 5% to 9% in 2011 to 2014 or 2015. Now Sir why is this change done and 
can we change it again to have the cost savings and efficiencies that we talk about? 
Aditya the material cost which you are saying in that period was not so high. We can look 
at the 
data, 
but 
as 
per my memory, 
it was 
not 
so 
high because raw materials 
are 
experiencing this high cost in the last two years. We had one year in 2017 or 2018 when the 
cost was higher. Now the second point which 
I want to highlight is that in the early days, 
our material cost was higher than in 2016, 2017, and 2018, the reason was we were having 
higher dependence on the sprinkler business. In those days we used to have almost 75% to 
Page 10 of 15

Mahindracrec 
Moderator: 
Rajan Shah: 
Ashok Sharma: 
Rajan Shah: 
Ashok Sharma: 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
May 05, 2022 
80% business of sprinklers, which has 
a lower margin and higher material 
cost. 
The 
remaining 25% was drip business. Over the years, we have moved away from sprinklers 
towards drips and as a result, our margins have increased significantly. Another point, we 
need to talk about is that in the early years, 2011 to 2014 the pricing was largely based on 
Maharashtra and Andhra markets and the commission & payment system was different. We 
used to have less commissions for Maharashtra because of the nature of the model. When 
Tamil Nadu came 
in, 
our commissions 
started increasing 
more, 
so 
as 
a 
result, 
our 
commissions went up but overall, our margins remained the same. So overall the trend is 
much better in terms of margins, but I will ask our team to connect with you later on and 
exactly share the data on, 2011 to 2015 period. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajan Shah an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Good afternoon, 
Sir. 
First of all, thank you for the opening remarks. They were very 
informative. 
I had certain questions. One was this last quarter Rs.66 Crores of topline which 
we did does it include any price hikes or all the price hikes have happened post-March 31, 
2022? 
Next question. 
The next question was in your opening remarks you mentioned that in 2021 we saw a 
degrowth of 20% and in 2021-2022 we saw a degrowth of 25%? Does that mean there was 
a net drop of 40% in the industry in these two years? Are we 
still looking at this 12% 
growth Sir? If there is a 40% drop if we want to regain these two years of losses in the 
current year and assuming that the industry grows back to 2019-2020 levels, are we not 
looking at a higher growth because 5% to 12% seems to be very, very low Sir? I would also 
like to know, as you mentioned in your opening remarks that Telangana has given a 20% 
rise in prices. Assuming that other states give 
a 15% mse and net 
it is 15% across the 
country and if the industry were to go back to 2019-20 levels are we looking at a revenue of 
beyond Rs.300 Crores for the current year? That was my question and a little bit on the 
greenhouse tumover expected because you said we had some good orders for the current 
year and sir any new states we have entered. One more question. The last two years were 
very stressful for many companies, so is the industry seeing reduced players nght now at 
this point because of the stress? For the last two years many of the smaller players may 
have got wiped out, so is the scenario such that smaller players are facing stress and may 
wind up their businesses or something like that. If you can give me some idea? 
Sure. Thank you very much for asking some very important questions. Starting with the 
first question. In this Rs. 66.7 Crores, there is one price increase which has happened by the 
Page 11 of 15

- 
Mahindra Epc 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
May 05, 2022 
Gujarat State Government, they announced early on around September — October on a 5% 
to 6% increase. Telangana happened just after that this year. So, to answer your question, 
only Gujarat is in the range of 5% to 6%. The second point which you said is true, that is 
the industry has gone down by almost 40% in the last two years and it is a matter of concern 
for the country. It is a major issue that the PMO and state governments are thinking about. 
So clearly there is a need for the industry to go back to previous levels. We are taking this 
view Rajen because we were cautious and conservative in our approach as we have seen in 
the past that while we aspire, sometimes things don’t fall in place for various reasons. Also 
with the 
state government workings, 
sometimes 
it 
is internal bureaucracy, 
sometimes 
elections, and sometimes other new factors. So, we would rather prepare ourselves in terms 
of the cost structure and expectation management. As the industry looks good, we can gear 
up too. We have the capacity, 
a presence 
in 
all the markets and can easily ramp up 
production with our plants in Coimbatore, Vadodara, and Nasik. We have 
a very good 
supply chain available too. Hence, for us to achieve Rs.300 Crores is not a problem. Let us 
see how it goes. As of now, what we think is a more conservative and reasonable view. We 
will see how QI goes, and things emerge. 
I would love for the industry to grow reach the 
FY2020 levels and we achieve record business, but we will have to wait and watch. Now if 
15% standard price increases happen and the governments are having the proper funds then 
it will be a turnaround and we will be going back to the good times of 2017, 2018, and 2019 
when the industry was doing well, but we will have to wait and watch and after last year, 
we want one or two quarters to see something on the ground before we start hoping. We are 
still not seeing those signs, to be honest. In May or June if two or three governments follow 
price increase like the way Telangana has done then we will be in a better position to 
communicate and plan for it. But one thing 
I can assure all of you is that in terms of our 
readiness to grow faster than the industry, we 
are prepared because we have 
all the 
wherewithal. We have 
a 
strong 
brand, 
strong manufacturing 
capability, 
supply chain 
capability, and efficient working-capital management. All those systems and processes are 
in place which 
is a positive for our company. Coming to Top greenhouse, 
it is slowly 
coming of age, but again it is a small business. 
I do not want to give an impression that it is 
going to grow exponentially and impact a big percentage of the total revenue, but yes, the 
growth rate is going to be much higher and we want to grow that business much faster. The 
traction which we are getting from some segments is quite interesting. We hope to grow 
that business by 25% to 30% this year. If we get a good response, we will be even higher 
than that. Now regarding competition in the last two years, your point is valid. We have 
seen that a lot of smaller regional players have withdrawn or just slowed down, reducing 
their whole capacity and manpower. A lot of these companies have reduced their cost and 
many companies which were small to medium size have had a lot of financial issues in 
terms of not getting payments from markets like Andhra where they were aggressive at 
some point in time and did not have proper rules for working capital. To that extent, 
it is 
encouraging for larger players like us and three to four other companies, who are well 
Page 12 of 15

Mahindracrec 
Rajan Shah: 
Ashok Sharma: 
Rajan Shah: 
Moderator: 
Vijay Kumar: 
Ashok Sharma: 
Vijay Kumar: 
Ashok Sharma: 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
May 05, 2022 
managed but having said that, 
I must also hasten to add that if the industry goes up in the 
next one or two years, then as the entry barrier is not high, it is very easy for these players 
to come back again fast as they are all opportunistic. New players can always keep coming 
in. Rajen I hope that answers your questions. | think we are running out of time. 
One question, you said Gujarat has done a 5% to 6% hike so we can expect one more hike 
of another 10% or something like that nght? 
We have made a pitch and the GGRC has been open. They are working on it. 
I think the 
state governments and the bureaucrats understand because they have the data in front of 
them. They can make out the cost increase. They know everything, so that way they are 
quite positive. Let us see how they react as they have been open. The industry has done a 
very active job. Our association has been working very hard to explain this to 
all the 
stakeholders. 
Fine thank you and all the best. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vyay Kumar an individual shareholder. 
Please go ahead. 
Good evening. 
It has been 
a good performance despite 
a lot of macro issues that are 
plaguing us, 
I think most of the questions are covered by my colleagues or friends, 
I have 
one or two more. One is that knowing this business, more of government subsidy lead 80% 
to 90%, are we looking at adjacencies like precision agriculture or any other space like we 
have got into agri or any other thing that we are looking at to grow faster because there will 
always be challenges in micro-irrnigation. 
It looks very lucrative, but 
I know it is a very 
tough business, to begin with, so is there any opportunity as a group 
I have heard that the 
CEO of Mahindra Group talking about fluctuations in agriculture as a priority for the group, 
so will Mahindra EPC play a big role in that? 
Anything else Vay. 
Sometime back the group was also talking about consolidation within Mahindra Agn 
pockets, 
so anything on the near horizon? 
I know it is at the board level or M&M entity 
level, but is anything possible in the next medium-term to longer-term? 
Viay, coming to your first question. You are nght, we need to have lesser dependence on 
the state government and that is the path we are taking. As 1 mentioned that from 1% we are 
at 15% and we are to further progress. That is with the products which 
I discussed in the 
past. The second thing we are now working on is the greenhouse project. We expect the 
Page 13 of 15

Mahindracrec 
Vijay Kumar: 
Ashok Sharma: 
Moderator: 
Aditya Shah: 
Ashok Sharma: 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
May 05, 2022 
greenhouse project to come of age in the next few years and start adding 
a significant 
contribution to the company. So these two are already there in the realm and you are aware 
of it. Now we are also studying some other areas which we can leverage. Even in the last 
call, there was a suggestion by one of the members on the opportunity of manufacturing 
PVC in some other area. This we are evaluating and studying. There is no finalization now, 
but we are looking at that space. We are also mindful that we do not want to dilute our 
strategic core, and we would like to keep the focus on the farmer and not get into too much 
unrelated diversification. That would also be one of the criteria we would keep in mind. 
Coming to the question about precision farming, micro-irrigation is precision agriculture 
which is one of our important precision farming methods. There are other precision farming 
methods which are being thought but they are not in Mahindra EPC. They are in the M&M 
space of tractor business. They are being incubated and thought through, but clearly, we 
have synergies, and we work together so wherever precision irrigation is required, EPC 
would come into the system, and we would contribute there. As far as your next point about 
consolidation, we cannot comment. There is nothing available to discuss now, but as and 
when there is something, we will keep you all updated. 
Thank you. 
Thank you Vijay and can we have the last question because it 1s almost close to five so let 
us take the last question if any. 
Thank you. The last next question is from the line of Aditya Shah from Vikram Advisory 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Sir as a follow-up, 
I wanted to ask what is the sales data from Samriddhi centres owned by 
Mahindra and what is the percentage of sales which are direct sales? Also, the person before 
me asked about the consolidation within the group, so 
I believe from the public data I have 
is that there are Mahindra Agn and Mahindra Summit and all of those companies together 
probably have around Rs.500 Crores to Rs.600 Crores of turnover, so together do Mahindra 
at a group level plan to having a large entity which can have Rs.1000 Crores of turnover 
and which can have better cash flows? 
Aditya let me just first confirm your point which you discussed about material cost. So your 
observations were 
night and the answer which 
I gave was also 
right 
in terms of the 
commissions and in terms of the mix. Also, in 2011 — 2012, when Mahindra acquired the 
company, we also had to make some investments in people, organization, IT etc. That was 
the kind of journey we had then. Now coming to the question of synergy with Samnddhi. 
Roughly we do around 8% to 10% of business through Samriddhi centres and it is done at 
arm's length. We also use their tractors dealers, their reach and presence. We also have a lot 
Page 14 of 15

Mahindracrec 
Aditya Shah: 
Ashok Sharma: 
Moderator: 
Ashok Sharma: 
Moderator: 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
May 05, 2022 
of joint efforts on the field in terms of promotions through joint farmers meetings, etc., so 
that the farmers see Mahindra as one and that is a unique strength which we have. That is an 
important image and brand identity in addition to 
sales. Coming 
to your question on 
consolidation, 
I think it’s an option which is always there for the management to review and 
consider, but as I said before to Vijay, currently there is nothing on the cards which I have 
to update you. These are options like there are many other options too, so when the time 
comes, we will keep you all updated. 
Thank you, Sir. 
Good. Thanks a lot so with this can we end the call now. 
Sure Sir. Would you like to add any closing remarks? 
I just would like to thank each one of the participants for their wonderful support and 
interest in Mahindra EPC and your valuable questions. 
I hope everyone was satisfied with 
the answers. 
I look forward to connecting again in our next call after the H1 results. Let us 
see how the industry goes. If the industry goes well, 
I am sure we will have some good 
news to talk about. Thank you very much. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, 
on behalf of Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited that 
concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you. 
Page 15 of 15
