  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APL/SEC/32/2022-23/15 
 
12th May, 2022 
 
BSE Limited   
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
 
Block G, Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
 
 
Bandra (East), 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 500820  
 
 
Symbol: ASIANPAINT 
 
Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Investor Conference 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the investor conference held on 10th May, 2022, with regards 
to the financial results of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended 31st March, 2022.  
 
The transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website and can be accessed through 
the following link: 
 
Transcript - Investor Conference Call - Q4FY22 Results.pdf (asianpaints.com) 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
 
For ASIAN PAINTS LIMITED  
 
 
 
 
R. J. JEYAMURUGAN 
CFO & COMPANY SECRETARY  
 
Encl.: As above  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JEYAMURUGAN 
RAMALINGAM 
JEYAPANDIYAN
Digitally signed by 
JEYAMURUGAN 
RAMALINGAM 
JEYAPANDIYAN 
Date: 2022.05.12 
17:58:34 +05'30'

1 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Asian Paints Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 10, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Management :   
Mr. Amit Syngle  
: MD & CEO  
Mr. R.J. Jeyamurugan 
: CFO & Company Secretary  
Mr. Parag Rane  
: GM – Finance  
Mr. Arun Nair   
: Manager - Corporate Communications 
 
 
asianpaints 
asianpaints 

2 | P a g e 
 
Investor Call Transcript – Q4 FY2022 Results 
 
Moderator: Good Evening everyone. We will be beginning shortly. In the meantime, 
requesting all participants to kindly rename yourself with your name and your Company 
name. Thank you. 
 
Arun Nair: Good evening and a very warm welcome to one and all for Asian Paints Investor 
Conference for Q4 FY 2022 Results. Myself, Arun Nair from Corporate Communications. Today 
on the panel we have Mr Amit Syngle, MD & CEO, Mr R J Jeyamurugan, CFO and company 
secretary and Mr Parag Rane, GM-Finance May I now request Mr Amit Syngle to take you all 
through the presentation. Mr Amit Syngle, over to you. 
 
Amit Syngle: A very Good Evening to all of you and thanks for coming for the investor 
conference for the Q4 financial 2022 results. I will take you briefly through the presentation 
in terms of how have been the numbers so that we can get a quick idea in terms of what it is.  
 
DELIVERING JOY SINCE 1942 
Just to recap Asian Paints has been delivering joy since 1942 and as you all know we exist to 
beautify, preserve, transform all spaces and objects, bringing happiness and joy to the world. 
So, you can see practically all spaces is something which you touch across with all the objects 
which are there.   
 
DISCLAIMER 
Just a disclaimer.  
 
DECORATIVE BUSINESS – VOLUME & VALUE TREND 
So overall when you look at the numbers finally a very strong quarter is what I would say in 
terms of what we have been able to deliver. The basis were very very strong with a 48% 
volume growth last year on the same quarter and 44% value on which basically the volume 
growth has been a strong 8% in terms of what we have been able to deliver; and a value 
growth of about 21% if we look at the overall decorative business.  

3 | P a g e 
 
 
The CAGR’s over the two and three years for both the volume and value as you can see are 
very strong and very positive from that point of view in terms of stating the intent of the 
company in terms of which way we are headed over the various quarters and that has been 
the very strong focus in terms of what we have taken.  In terms of the volume growth, the 
larger growths obviously came in the months of February and March because January was 
affected because of the Covid third wave to that extent, and we think that to grow 8% on a 
48% kind of a growth base I think it is very good in terms of what has been delivered.  
 
DECORATIVE BUSINESS – ROBUST PERFORMANCE 
Overall if you look at the picture across the quarters, if you see all quarters have been very 
very strong to that extent resulting in terms of the year being also at a very strong 31% volume 
growth and value growth of 36%. so, it’s clearly a very robust performance in terms of what 
you see.  Specifically when we look at the full year today as I said volume is at 31% growth on 
a base of 13% growth last year and value is at a very strong 36% growth so despite the fact 
that there would contribution because of the price increases, I think it’s overall a very strong 
value growth for the year in terms of what has got delivered and again here you see that the 
CAGR’s over two years and three years both on the volume and the value are very strong and 
very strongly positive.  So I think that’s clearly indicating that overall the trajectory has been 
very very strong over the years in terms of what we have looked at in terms of our growths 
on the overall topline.  
 
Some qualitative things which are coming which you would be definitely interested.  If you 
look at you know the growth T1/T2 centres in the metros have done good double-digit 
growths especially in the luxury and the premium range which is there. And T3/T4 if you look 
at there have been good growths here as well and double-digit growth in the economy range 
here to that extent.  So there is a mixed bag in terms of this thing. But overall, what we see is 
that T1/T2 has done been much better than T3/T4 cities as an overall performance in Q4.   
 
As we see today that the growth was dented in January 22 because of the Covid; February 
and March were very strong growths in terms of double digits which we kind of got which has 
given us the resultant 8% growth for the quarter. If you look at growths have been across 

4 | P a g e 
 
geographies and the highest obviously has been in West & Eastern geographies but other 
regions also have been pretty good overall in terms of what we have delivered in Q4.  Overall 
one of the focus of the companies has been that we look at technological innovation in a very 
strong way and new products is a way to that innovation where we are looking at patents and 
we are looking at invention disclosures to that extent and today we see that the overall new 
products are contributing to almost like 14% of the revenues topline. So, I think that is a very 
strong trajectory as far as the story of innovation goes.  
 
Waterproofing and Wood finishes, two categories which has seen the exponential growth 
rates and here the competition is not only paint companies but what we see in the 
competition being a plethora of multinational companies and other players which are there. 
The other business which has taken a big surge in terms of what we see as far as Q4 is 
concerned is Projects Institutional business and this has been across the cities from the 
builder segment as well.  Strong growth coming more from the Government factories 
segment overall and waterproofing and Admixtures have done fairly well overall as part of 
the imperative to kind of get into newer Construction. So this is possibly the highlights in 
terms of what we look. 
 
WORLD CLASS INNOVATIONS 
Some idea in terms of the innovation We have got into world-class textures now which are 
being offered and today we believe that no one is able to offer this range of textures at this 
cost in terms of what we are giving and these are tuned to the Indian climate conditions.  So 
this is the innovation which I would say that it is a new to the world so too so innovation which 
we have kind of bought. The other kind is that for the first time in the category, we have 
looked for a fire-retardant paint which was not there.  It was only in industrial coatings but a 
fire-retardant paints for normal homes with a very strong ‘Lotus Effect’ technology which 
means that today it prevents any water kind of going inside the walls to that extent so I think 
it comes with also an Anti-stain absorption.  So I think all in all a very very superior technology 
product which we introduce this year. Then we have ‘Royale Glitz’ which is the top end 
product, which is there, and I think the key thing here comes in is that is it in the Uber luxury 
space with anti-crack durable coatings and Teflon kind of luxury and protection which kind of 
comes in. So interior products good innovation.  

5 | P a g e 
 
 
Similarly in the whole area Waterproofing, Wood finishes a lot of products which are unique 
for the first time for Indian market and based on technological innovations to that extent.  So 
I think the stress here is that somehow these products cannot be offered by competition very 
easily because it is either patented or in terms of coming with a huge technology which is 
there; so to that extent it is something which we think will give us gains for a long period of 
time. 
 
DECORATIVE BUSINESS - DISTRIBUTION 
If you look at the overall year, as we see I think distribution footprint which has been the 
strength of Asian Paints is something which we looked at concentrating in a very big way.  We 
looked at opening retailers in big city, suburbs and T3/T4 cities in a strong way.  So today we 
have a unique model where are we are now coexisting on a distributor model and a direct 
dealer model as well which has given us almost 15,000 retail points more this year taking our 
total tally to about 1,45,000 retail points, which itself is a very very strong number from the 
point of the footprint across the length and breadth of the country. 
 
DECORATIVE BUSINESS – PRODUCT CATEGORY EXPANSIONS 
When you look at product category, again as I said expansion into areas which have been very 
very strong this year some of the things I just covered for you including new categories like 
adhesives and DIY paints in terms of what we have kind of got into.  
 
DECORATIVE BUSINESS – INCREASING PER CAPITA PAINT CONSUMPTION & ENLARGEMENT 
OF PAINT MARKET 
The entire thing as a leader what we are looking at is that we are increasing the per capita 
consumption and enlarging the whole paint market in a strong way so new categories to fuel 
growth.  We have entered the wood polish market which we can convert the French Polish 
players to a new product called ‘Glow Max’ in terms of what we have introduced. We have 
introduced Super Economy emulsions which basically get the unorganised emulsion user into 
an organised emulsion space strongly; and some of the categories which I just covered like 
the fire retardant, glass paints, floor paints which are really enlarging the overall paint market 
in a very strong way and that I think is a task of a leader in terms of looking at continuously 

6 | P a g e 
 
exploring newer spaces, newer avenues so that the per capita consumption of paint really 
kind of increases.  
 
DECORATIVE BUSINESS – BEST IN CLASS PAINTING SERVICE 
The other unique thing is that we have a very unique painting service model We believe that 
globally, this is the biggest and the best service model no other company today even outside 
the paint space have such a big model in terms of what it is delivering. It is across more than 
240 towns with 1,50,000 trained painters and a customer delight coming through an NPS 
measure in terms of what we have put into place. And a range of services which we are 
offering through so that the customers are happy taking the service. So, we think this is a very 
strong servicing edge which cannot be replicated by anyone very easily, something which we 
have propagated and we are going it bigger and bigger every year. 
 
Some of the glimpses of the services which we offer in terms of the ‘Safe painting’ services 
and waterproofing and other things which comes as part of the overall painting service which 
we have.  
 
HOME DÉCOR FORAY 
We look at now the Home Decor business and I’m sure a lot of you have questions on Home 
Decor in terms of what we are doing. Today, I think the Home Decor foray is a very very strong 
foray where we are looking at Asian Paints being a forerunner in inspirational and exciting 
partner where we are also partnering the customer in the home decor so that we can make 
her dream home come alive. So, this is a transition from the “Share of Surface” to a “Share of 
Space” so now we exist not only on the walls but between the four walls as well.  So, this is 
the business I want to re-emphasise it is complementing our existing business and adding to 
our coatings business in a very big way because the customer is the same and therefore what 
you are expanding is the customer life cycle. So you are talking of more touch points in the 
customer life-cycle and therefore I think it really invigorates our core business as we kind of 
go forward. Today our endeavour is to provide Home Decor under one roof. Today we are 
looking at ‘Beautiful Homes’ stores across the country. We have got 29 stores which offer 
kitchen, bath & sanitaryware, lighting, tiles, flooring, furnishings, furniture, doors & windows 
under one roof to that extent; and in this category if you see today, we own kitchen, we own 

7 | P a g e 
 
bath we own sanitary in terms of manufacturing. We have just bought the lighting company 
which is ‘White Teak’ okay we have got into furnishings with the company called ‘GM Syntex’ 
where we have done an alignment and we have got doors and windows through another 
acquisition which we have done on ‘Weatherseal’.  So, the idea is that today we are not 
looking at just procuring products but we are looking at making our own products and Asian 
Paints having a way of decor going very strongly. We believe that today by the end of this 
year. we would have about 70 stores and we would be India’s biggest chain of stores of Home 
Decor in terms of how we see it going forward to that extent. We have a central inspiration 
model which is called beautifulhomes.com which offers inspiration to the people and we also 
have a ‘Beautiful Homes’ service which is offering personalised interior decor to what 
professional execution which is offered in now 9 to 11 cities as we look at.  We also have a BH 
shop which is offering a ECom kind of a potential which is there to that extent. So, if you see 
all offerings are very very strong and it’s a complete home decor foray which we have built 
over the last 2-3 years in a very strong manner to that extent.  
 
HOME DÉCOR ACQUISITIONS / INVESTMENTS 
As part of this today as I said we have made investments across the products which are there.  
Overall where today all products are getting kind of made by us. In designer & general tiles 
we are making a greenfield foray ourselves. In wardrobes and vanity again a greenfield foray 
which we are getting into and today when you look at the designer wallpaper, we have set up 
a facility in Jaipur to extent.  Rugs, we have done an alignment in Jaipur rugs there and I said 
two new acquisitions which have come. So today I think it’s a unique model which we have 
and it’s a very strong model which is spread over Ecom, physical execution and services all 
together which is a complete kind of facet which we are offering.  As I said, we align with this 
company, we took over this company.  We announced it on 1st April 2022- The ‘White Teak’ 
Company, it’s a premium lighting company and we feel that it’s a very strong alignment in 
terms of what we have done.  Secondly, we have got this ‘Weatherseal’ which is making uPVC 
doors and windows and it’s a big segment in terms of what we are gunning at and therefore 
I think it gives us a lot of advantage in terms of going forward as we look at the Home Decor 
category.  
 
 

8 | P a g e 
 
HOME DÉCOR BUSINESS TRAJECTORY 
Obviously, coming to numbers, we think that Home Decor business this year overall if we see 
all the businesses would be about 4% of our total Deco business. Going forward I think in the 
next about three years, we are aiming that we can take it to about 8 -10% of a total business 
and that also profitable business, so that overall, this kind of really becomes a very strong 
point of galvanising the company into a new trajectory going forward and adds to the coatings 
business in a strong way as we go ahead. So, I think this is something which is the story of 
Home Decor which I wanted to quickly tell you.  
 
HOME DÉCOR - KITCHEN & BATH BUSINESS 
Going on to the other businesses.. sorry kitchen and bath which is part of this, both businesses 
have been really revolutionary this year. Kitchen business has been delivering hundred plus 
crores for the third consecutive quarter and overall if you see the growths have been very 
very strong in terms of the overall financial year it has grown by 55%. Good growths in Q4 as 
well. Similarly, the bath business has registered a very strong growth of 46% and in Q4 about 
17%. So, overall if you see on the profitability front both businesses are coming of fairly well. 
Today kitchen business has reduced the losses to just about minus Rs 2 crores this year over 
minus 9 of last year to that extent. Overall… sorry over a business of -9 over the full year kind 
of a zone which was there earlier… so today we look at kitchen contributing to minus Rs 9 
crores which is much better than what we did last year in Bath overall if you look at the this 
year we have done a Rs 4 crores kind of a PBT which has come in to that extent in the quarter 
it is Rs 1 crore. So, both businesses strongly delivering on the top and the bottom line and I 
think today this is the future in terms of what we are taking of the kitchen and the bath 
business going forward in a strong trajectory with good profitability going forward.  
 
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS 
Coming to International business, this business has been something where I think it has been 
a very tough year overall as we look at it in quarter 4, if we look at overall we have still done 
a decent amount of business which is there overall to that extent. But if you look at the various 
regions the highest growth comes in from Asia where basically the revenues have been 
stronger both in Q4 and the full year followed by to some extent in Middle East and South 
Pacific.  Africa has not done too well overall in terms of looking at it;  but the debacle this year 

9 | P a g e 
 
has happened more from the point of view of profitability given the very high amounts of 
inflation we have taken some price increases but not commensurate in terms of the overall 
increases to that extent and the second factor which is contributing is the devaluation of the 
currency which is in Sri Lanka, Ethiopia and Egypt overall to that extent and that is why if you 
see the numbers in Africa are effected very very strongly, so are the numbers affected in 
Middle East to that extent. Asia has done relatively better in Q4 you have got some 
profitability, but I think the whole thing what we are seeing in Sri Lanka has put the overall 
profitability down to that extent this year. So, on the whole, on the topline, I think it is still a 
good growth in terms of what we are seeing in International business, however, from the 
point of view profitability I think inflation has taken a toll coupled with the currency 
devaluation to the extent.  
 
INDUSTRIAL BUSINESS 
Going forward to the industrial business if you look at the entire business which we call as the 
PPG-AP business which is about the Auto OE, Auto refinishes and the Marine paints business 
overall to that extent.  This year has been relatively good year in terms of what we see for a 
year we see a 32% kind of a growth, for the quarter we have a 19% growth which is there to 
that extent.  In the other business which is the a AP-PPG business which is the General 
Industrial business which we see this has done phenomenally well.  In fact it has grown by 
51% for the year clocking almost close to Rs. 800 crores of business which has come in and 
quarter four also in the business has been very very strong.  I think the good part is the 
profitability for both the businesses which is the PPG-AP as well as well as the AP-PPG business 
has been strong and we are saying good growths on both the businesses together to that 
extent and therefore I think industrial overall has grown well both in Q4 as well as for the 
entire year.  
 
EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS IMPACTING Q4 & FY22 
There are some exceptional items which we would like to draw your attention to.  Obviously 
today there is the, when we put up a plant we get some subsidies from the State Governments 
and the state and the subsidies take a little bit of time from the realisation of these money 
really coming to us physically to that extent and therefore what we have looked at is basically 
you know creating a method where we are looking at how to account for these because the 

10 | P a g e 
 
realisation of this are not known in terms of when they will happen to that extent and 
therefore we are provided for two amounts: One is the Rs. 53.7 Crores which is what we have 
taken as one set of subsidy which is there which is for the previous years to that extent and 
the second is what we have taken as a subsidy of Rs. 31.1 crores  which is there which is for 
the current year in terms of what we are kind of assessing.  So, I think these are the two kinds 
of subsidy of exceptional items which are kind of coming which is impacting the profit. The 
third is the story in terms of Lanka, where possibly we are seeing that there is a currency 
devaluation which has taken place which has led to almost recognition of an expense of about 
Rs. 48.5 Crores towards exchange loss and second we have a company called ‘Causeway’ 
which we had acquired quite some time back and there were looking at an impairment 
provision of about Rs. 13.5 crores as an exceptional item on goodwill on consolidation 
recognised on the acquisition of ‘Causeway’. So, I think these are the two big items which are 
coming which are affecting you know the overall profits at the standalone as well as the consol 
level to that extent which are there.  
 
APL STANDALONE GROSS MARGINS 
We look at overall if you look at your familiar with this in terms of what we have presented. 
Overall if you look at from the point of view of gross margins I think this trajectory had gone 
down to Q2 to about 35% and then in Q3 we bought it to about 37% and in Q4 after the price 
increases in terms of what we have taken, the gross margin is quite good relatively speaking 
at about 40% to that extent, helped also by price increases in the fact that in Q4 we did not 
see too much of inflation, it was just about 1% to that extent.  So therefore, I think the good 
story is that gross margins are back to that extent which is happening obviously I think you 
like to watch out because Q1 story is now again inflationary which is looking at about 5-7% 
kind of inflation happening in Q1, where we are also we are taking some measures as we kind 
of go forward.  
 
SUMMARY – STANDALONE FINANCIALS 
Overall, in the summary, if you look at the standalone financials, so overall as he said we just 
discussed that on the Net Sales there is a 22% kind of a growth overall which has come in if 
you look at a PBT, PBT is a strong 14% which you are saying this is before the exceptional 
items and if you see the PAT, PAT is about 10% for Q4. So, these figures are all for Q4 and I 

11 | P a g e 
 
think they are very very strong numbers because the basis were very high to the distant 
coupled with the fact of January was a Covid month which was like a whitewash month to 
that extent. So the quarter was a two month quarter in a way to look at in that way.  If you 
look at the full year again I think the standalone financial are very strong at 37% Net Sales 
kind of a growth which were seen overall;  PBDIT which is also strong in terms of which has 
come up along with PBT and the PAT numbers which are their overall and if you see the PBDIT 
margins have really improved in Q4 to that extent and so has  gross margins as I said to that 
extent.  So the PBDIT margins for Q4 are back to the 20.2% which is there to that extent, so 
which is a good recovery which has happened in terms of the PBDIT margins overall to that 
extent.   
 
SUMMARY – CONSOLIDATED FINANCIALS 
Let’s look at the consolidated numbers;  again if you see for the quarter four overall good 
numbers on Net Sales 21%. Even in terms of PBT numbers if you see you are looking at a clear 
13% kind of a growth which is coming and the PAT number and the PAT is flat because 
obviously in terms of the exceptional expenses we have taken and also the global business 
which has possibly underdelivered overall to that extent.  On the year front obviously, the 
topline numbers are good the bottom-line numbers are affected overall for the full year 
because of the global performance and the exceptional items which have come in terms of 
the overall PAT which is there but overall the topline looks pretty good in terms of what we 
have been able to deliver.  
 
STEADY DIVIDEND PAYOUTS 
In terms of dividends again I think we have been a steady player in terms of rewarding the 
shareholders to that extend and for even the current year we have given 58.6% payout to 
that extent and that is something which is a reward for possibly a good performance in terms 
of what has happened this year.  So I think overall this trajectory has been fairly good.   
 
IMMEDIATE OUTLOOK - CHALLENGING 
Some of the conditions as a immediate outlook as we see overall as I said the demand 
conditions can be a little tough.  We don’t know in terms of what is going to happen but we 
are still confident that what we saw in February & March I think the project should be good 

12 | P a g e 
 
in terms of going forward from the point of view of demand. The only worry is that if there is 
a Covid scenario which comes back, or the other big problem is the inflation in terms of what 
is there. So for inflation obviously as you stated here we are taking some calibrated price 
increases. We have already taken two increases this quarter and we will see in terms of if we 
have to take more increases going forward but we are putting in place a very very strong 
structure for sourcing and formulation efficiencies which we can get so that we can counter 
the effect of the inflation going forward overall. Monsoons are supposed to be good, so I think 
the trajectory of T3/T4 cities we are confident that should kind of pick up as we kind of go 
forward.  Global market challenges will continue for some time we don’t think so the situation 
in Sri Lanka is under control to that extent and Egypt and Ethiopia possibly fight back in the 
second half of the year, but Sri Lanka would always remain as a concern because it will take 
some time to kind take a you know situation to kind of really become normalised.  
 
FOCUS ON LONG TERM SUSTAINABILITY JOURNEY 
Just a brief thing on our journey in terms of what we are taking as the ESG and that is a very 
strong journey Asian Paints has been and a making over the years. we are specifically looked 
at environment, social and governance here. In the environment strongly looking at product 
stewardship, as one strong thing. Water, energy is something which is a very strong objective 
which we have kind of taken and I think a strong journey which is kind of pursuing in those 
areas. As far as social is concerned strong amount of community work which is happening.  
We have taken a strong work of water harvesting and whole area of Water Stewardship is a 
very strong area in terms of what we have kind of invoked.  The whole area of making the 
entire environment energising equitable and inclusive I think those are the strong elements 
in terms of what we are kind of bringing with our policies and looking at giving that kind of 
empowerment to the employees going forward to that extent. In terms of governance, I think 
this has been a strong point at Asian Paints and this is something which we give a lot of kind 
of weightage to and therefore we look at a world-class governance which is coming and 
therefore engaging with stakeholders proactively and looking at complete transparency in 
terms of going forward as we look at.  So I think these are the responsible choices we are 
making as far as the ESG journey kind of goes.  
 
 

13 | P a g e 
 
Some elements which will keep on highlighting to you as we kind of go forward I think 
sustainable products is a very strong zone.  ‘Green Seal’, ‘Green Assure’ are some of the 
standards which are kind of doing we have about 187 products which have been certified by 
the CII-IGBC, as a GreenPro products to that extent and similarly we are in the process of 
eliminating a lot of ingredients, so for example lead was eliminated for by us way back to that 
extent and subsequently we kind of took out some of the elements like the Respirable 
Crystalline Silicon and so on and so forth to that extent and this is a continuous initiative which 
will kind of keep on going to so that we are able to kind of look at green products in a very 
strong way.  The other is the whole area of the carbon footprint and here is something which 
is a continuous kind of work which is going on not only with respect to our plants but also 
looking at supply chain, looking at our offices and to complete 360° in terms of seeing what is 
the kind of work we can do at shrinking the carbon footprint in terms of going forward.   
 
Lastly if you look at from the point of use the work which we have done I think it is pretty 
strong in terms of that not only we are looking at reduction in terms of what we consume in 
terms of water but also replenishment and that I think is a big story in terms of what we are 
doing and I think these two kind of go together with respect to the whole area of environment 
conservation in a very strong manner similarly when we look at from the point of view of 
electricity okay we have over 59% electricity from the renewable sources which is coming and 
we have also reduced the in electricity consumption internally. Strong objectives both ways 
which are coming. Similarly the industrial effluent generation is something which we are 
reducing and we have already got into a zero effluent discharge from our factories and I think 
this is a very strong initiative in terms of what has been taken by us towards the environment 
and lastly in terms of looking at plastics, so more and more areas in terms of recycling, 
collecting the plastic and then seeing in terms of what we can do about it in terms of going 
forward so I wanted to kind of give you just a flavour in terms of the ESG what we are doing 
and there is lots more which can’t be putting three slides together but I think that is a big 
focus in terms of as a leader we are taking in the industry to make a mark that we are socially 
responsible and those are the choices we are taking.  
 
So, the other thing which is what we would like to kind of to respond to the social thing which 
is concerned, the CSR we have touched. very very strongly good numbers.  We have a 

14 | P a g e 
 
vocational training, we do about 3,60,000 such trainings in terms of the health and hygiene 
kind of really cover almost like 2,70,000 beneficiaries which are there and in terms of water 
management, that is a big thing which we are taking possibly in a lot of areas where plants , 
where our plants are located where we are looking at the recharging the water through 
various initiatives to that extent.  So you can see the plethora of work which is happening in 
these areas which is extremely strong. 
 
So these were some of the things which I wanted to bring so overall in summary a strong 
quarter which is there a range of initiatives a lot of innovation which has coming and we 
believe that it has been a very strong objective for us to kind of look at the full year being 
delivered in this manner in a Covid kind of trajectory which we have seen this year as well. 
Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Sir. We’ll begin with the Q&A now.  
 
Q&A SESSION 
Moderator: Today we have participants joining on Zoom Video platform and also via 
Telephonic platform. Requesting all participants joined via Zoom video platform, please use 
the raise hand feature to ask your questions to the panellists. Kindly unmute when given a 
chance to ask a question. Please state your name and company name before asking your 
questions. Participants connecting via Zoom video platform can post their questions on the 
chat box too and we will ask on your behalf.  kindly and you to please take your name and 
your company. Participants joining through toll free number-please press *1 to ask questions 
to the panellists. Please also share your name and company name before asking questions. 
We would also request you all to limit your questions to 2 numbers please so that everybody 
gets an opportunity to ask the questions. 
Our first question is from Mr Avi Mehta (Macquarie) who has joined us on Zoom. Sir, please 
unmute yourself, take your name and company name and ask your question. 

15 | P a g e 
 
Avi Mehta: Hi, this is Avi here from Macquarie. I had two questions specifically. First 
essentially is on the price, the input cost environment. What is the extent of price increases 
that you are looking or would need to pass on the current inflation or put it differently, what 
is the crude price that is there after these two price increases that you have taken which is 
almost 1%- 2% odd.  If you could give us that sense and more broadly while you are kind of 
answering that if you could give us a sense of the demands strength because you did sound a 
little concerned on the demand strength and hence do you expect that the time it will take to 
pass this inflation will be longer than what it is historically be?  That was my first question 
would you want to go to the second now. 
 
Amit Syngle: No, I will answer this question. So, overall, when you look at from the point of 
view of inflation, as I said that in quarter one which we are seeing an inflation of close to 
about 5-7% and this is across the range of raw material including TiO2, Solvents, and so on 
and so forth to that extent. We have taken roughly a price increase of about 1.8 – 2% kind of 
increase which is spread across two months and terms of increase on 1st of May and a increase 
on 1st of June.  In addition, we are looking in strong initiative which we have launched 
internally in terms of sourcing and formulation efficiencies and looking at alternate RM’s in a 
very strong way and we think that we should be able to cover a large chunk of the inflation 
also through some of these initiatives which are kind of coming in.  As we go forward we need 
to kind of balance the consumer demand and also looking at the price increases in terms of 
what we pass on to the market as a responsible industry leader to that extent and therefore 
what we are looking going forward as some calibrated increases which we might do 
depending on the kind of savings that we are able to get over all.  So I think this is going to be 
a cycle which will continuously assess in terms of going forward and look at possibly some 
more calibrated price increases coming as we kind of go forward depending on the kind of 
savings in terms of what we are seeing and also observing the geopolitical situation in terms 
of how it kind of really quietens down. So that’s part one. The second part is with respect to 
demand. We feel that in the quarter 4, the price inflation did affect a little bit of a demand in 
terms of some of the T3/T4 cities, where possibly people kind of really kind of deferred their 
kind of paint demand since paint demand is discretionary in nature to that extent and some 
amount of downgrading from premium to luxury to economy in the T1/T2 cities in terms of 

16 | P a g e 
 
what we would have seen; but as I said February and March were high double digit volume 
growth numbers, which means we feel that the inherent demand in the market would still 
kind of play on. We must remember that people have seen two years of solid kind of 
uncertainty because of Covid and therefore there is still a latent kind of demand which is still 
there which we will see in the coming months and quarters to that extent; and therefore I 
feel that all the demand conditions if the current situation persist, I think the demand 
conditions should be good. We are not expecting possible in other Covid round coming to that 
extent because I think the third round of vaccinations have already started to that extent so I 
think as we kind of go forward we are pretty confident about the consumer demand given 
the February - March indications and whatever we see of April currently to that extent going 
forward.  The only concern would be that inflation should not play a spoilsport because if the 
inflation goes up largely, we would be kind of constrained to take a larger price increases in 
the market to that extent which will definitely affect some of the economy products in terms 
of the demand which is there because finally there is a price elasticity which matters in terms 
of looking at consumer purchases. But overall, we are pretty confident that the current 
situation, I think the consumer demand should be very good because in February, March and 
April, we have seen that.  
 
Avi Mehta: My second and last question was on the home décor piece. While you’re looking 
to increase the touch points, could you give me a sense of the positioning. Is this more quality 
product at a value kind of position which is not available in the market or is this more of 
convenience wherein all products are available under one roof? What will be Asian Paint’s 
focus over here? 
 
Amit Syngle: So, we are looking at something what we call as the Affordable Luxury.  So this 
is something which is kind of pegged at a premium kind of a level it but at the same time a 
strong connotation of the value for money which also comes in. This is definitely not in the 
space of Uber luxury at the top end in terms of what we see. But we look at possibly affordable 
luxury in a very strong manner and the whole theme is that Asian Paints is looking at a certain 
way of décor.  So Asian Paints in propagating a certain way of décor. It is like fashion in terms 

17 | P a g e 
 
of what you propagate and as I said, I think the big story here is that you are talking of physical 
assets which are in terms of Stores. You are talking of a big service which is the 
implementation service, and you are talking of categories where there is a strong 
manufacturing angle or an acquisition angle which we have taken. So, I think all in all, it kind 
of any gives a very strong signal that there is a strong seriousness and there is a strong kind 
of inclination in terms of making this category big.  
 
Avi Mehta: Okay, sir. Thank you. That’s all from my side.  
 
Moderator: Thank you Sir. Next question is Abneesh Roy (Edelweiss) who has joined us on 
the tele calling platform.  
 
Abneesh Roy: Hello, Hi this Abneesh Roy from Edelweiss. Congrats on strong performance. 
My first question is on waterproofing and wood finishing. So, you mentioned, that you have 
come out with unique product and India First product, and these are based on patents and 
technology. So now there is a very strong adhesive player which has got a brand for much 
longer time frame and very strong advertising also. So, when you say unique and India first 
products, is this against broader markets or is this against adhesive player also?  
 
Amit Syngle: Okay, so when we look at the waterproofing space Abneesh, we are looking at 
going forward one being the you know undisputed players as far as the retail offering is 
concerned because if you look at from the point of view of retail offering, it is all about 
solutioning. It all about giving a solution to the customer which is very very important in terms 
of what is there.  So when we are talking of unique products for example I will give you 
example of a product for ‘HydroLOC’ which we have come by which has a unique technology 
that it kind of really doesn’t allow water from inside to come outside on to the wall at the 
same time it has a technology where when it comes in contact with water it forms crystals. 
Okay so that it blocks the water to kind of come out.  So I think the technology which we are 

18 | P a g e 
 
talking are very very unique and no other, I repeat, no other player today in Indian abroad 
has a technology like that for a retail market in terms of what we are placing and we think 
that today we are the number one player as far as the waterproofing category is concerned 
as far as retail goes to that extent. When you look at the category from the point of view of 
B2B segment and an Institutional Projects segment which is largely construction in the place 
where a lot of the multinationals like the Fosroc, the BASF, Sika which are players which are 
there to that extent.  We are today stepping up our chemistry is looking at a lot of solution 
which we are launching which are in the spaces of not only liquid membranes but other kind 
of membranes which are coming, which are very strong technological backed products which 
are there to that extent.  So today I think that is an area where only the multinationals are 
strong and there is no other player in India which is strong to that extent which is there and 
we are looking and targeting in terms of getting some very strong kind of business in that area 
also.  I can only tell you that I think over the last seven years we have been literally looking at 
doubling the numbers here in terms of going forward.  So we think it’s a very strong objective 
and we are much ahead of any other company in India or the world in terms of looking in the 
technology in waterproofing. 
 
Abneesh Roy: Thanks. My last question is on Sleek. You had acquired Sleek in 2017. Its now 
almost Rs. 500 crore business and a very strong 33% YoY growth, 14% quarter on quarter 
growth. Even after 4 years mostly every quarter there is a small loss. So is it advertising spend 
and second, Sleek after 4 years is still loss making you also made a comment that home decor 
in the next 4-5 years I think you will earn, you will target a profit here, So taking Sleek into 
consideration, how easy will home décor, because that’s much smaller scale also the Home 
décor, Sleek which is already Rs. 500 crore run rate, so how easy will profit be in Home décor 
in the next 4-5 years? 
 
Amit Syngle: Okay so first of all, I must say that Sleek as we are saying that last two years, I 
think there are quarters which Sleek has delivered profit as well over all to that extent. This 
year overall if you look at the number, I think the numbers are very strong. There is a very 
small loss which is there. We are very confident that as we come into the current year, I think 

19 | P a g e 
 
the current year would be a total profit year for Sleek as we look at way going forward. Bath 
is already on our profit trajectory in terms of what you see this year to that extent so going 
forward if you look at the home decor category you know whether it is the fabric business, or 
whether it is the beautiful homes business, or whether it is The White teak business today, 
it’s not that people are not making money. The White Teaks business today is at a very strong 
EBIDTA of more than 20% in terms of what they earn out of it. So, it’s a category where you 
can make money in terms of going forward to that extent and therefore we believe that the 
trajectory which we are taking is very strong and it would be a profitable category as we go 
ahead. Even today what we are confident that both Bath and Sleek will now continuously 
coming into the positive trend as we kind of go forward and so would other categories as we 
look at the next about 2-3 years. 
 
Abneesh Roy: Thanks Amit. That’s all from my side.  
 
Moderator: Thank you sir. Next question is from Mr. Shirish Pardeshi (Centrum) who has 
joined us on Zoom.  
 
Shirish Pardeshi: Yeah, Hi Amit. Good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. Actually, I am 
delighted, and you have a double congratulations. One is the good set of numbers and I’m 
happy that next 5 years, we will interact with you continuously. So, on that note I have two 
questions. One on domestic decorative. You said that the demand conditions which are a bit 
hazy at this point of time, but you also made a very strong comment that monsoon in a row 
three years is going to be very strong so in that context if you can help me because T3/T4 the 
performance win, a little volatile in last 3-4 quarters but T1/T2 is very strong. So, there are 
two parts to this question. For FY 22, if you can break up what is T1/T2 contribution and what 
is the T3/T4 contribution to overall decorative business and the touch point what you said, is 
that is a stronger outcome of the need that we are expecting a very strong growth in T3/T4 
and how much more we can grow in terms of distribution.  

20 | P a g e 
 
Amit Syngle: Okay so if you look at the possibly the contributions roughly for T3/T4  versus 
T1/T2 would be in the zone of about 40-45 to 60-65 kind of a zone which is there to that 
extent.  So obviously I think the contribution from T3/T4 is higher in terms of what we see 
because the number of towns are very very large to that extent. What we see is that the T3/T4 
has been fuelled also by a large distribution strategy as I pointed out that extent where there 
are new retailers coming, new customers kind of coming into the belt to that extent and that 
is something which is also fuelling the entire T3/T4 market in a very strong manner to that 
extent. So, for the year as I said, the T1/T2 has grown faster obviously to some extent which 
is there, because what we are saying is that, because of the migration of the customers which 
is happening the T1/T2 cities are getting more and more populated as well to that extent. So, 
the T1/T2 contributions are increasing over a period of time to that extent as we kind of go 
ahead. Overall, what I see very clearly is that T3/T4 cities are also very strongly dependent on 
the agrarian income and agrarian kind of forecast which happens in the country.  As I said 
monsoon predicted normal this year, overall so I don’t see that there should be any reason 
why we should not see good growth in T3/T4 coupled with our distribution which will kind of 
continuously kind of continue to that extent. The only one hitch where is there is that, today 
there is a certain price elasticity and for consumers, if there are too many price increases 
which are there then I think to some extent there is a deferment in terms of the paint category 
which starts happening over a period of time.  So I think that is the only concern if inflation 
figure goes haywire; right now I think it is still controllable to that extent, but if the inflation 
goes haywire like what we saw it last year to that extent now that could have an impact on 
the demand but I don’t think so that is the probability. So therefore, my prediction is that, I 
think for the coming year both T3/T4 and T1/T2 should do quite well.  
 
Shirish Pardeshi: Okay that’s really helpful.  My second and last question is on the 
International, so I just made a rough calculation - out of Rs. 28,000 crore what we have done 
is around 13.5% contribution comes from the international business. So my question is 
specifically on you said that there is some volatility in terms of currency head winds. Especially 
you called out Sri Lanka,  Egypt and Ethiopia. So just one question on that. Out of that 13.5%, 
may be broadly if you can say that what how much quantum of the business is at stake 
because of these three geographies. 

21 | P a g e 
 
Amit Syngle: So, if you look at you know there is a Sri Lanka, there is Ethiopia and there is 
Egypt. So roughly I would say that the quantum which would get affected is about 5% or so, 
5 to 6% of the total group  
 
Parag Rane: So about roughly 40-45% of the IBU sort of portfolio.  
 
Shirish Pardeshi: Okay okay thank you that’s really helpful Parag…. and Amit, all the best to 
you  
 
Amit Syngle: Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you sir. Our next question is from Mr Saumil Mehta (Kotak Life) who has 
joined us on the tele calling platform. Sir you may please ask your question now. 
 
Saumil Mehta: Yeah, thanks for the opportunity.  This is Saumil Mehta from Kotak Life. Two 
questions.. One is in continuation to the previous questions that you are increasing your 
distribution footprint by 15,000 retail points.  That is a very heartening number.  What I 
wanted to understand is for the next 2 or 3 years, should we believe contribution from those 
touch points would be similar to what we have today probably there will be cannibalisation 
to that extent.  
 
Amit Syngle: Sorry I couldn’t get your question. Could you repeat it please? 
 

22 | P a g e 
 
Saumil Mehta: In terms of the distribution touchpoints wherein we have added more 
touchpoints. How should we look at the contribution from those touch points over the next 
two or three years. Can that number be similar to what we do today.  That’s my first question. 
 
Amit Syngle: Okay, so today what we feel is that, We frankly feel that for the coming 4-5 years 
to 10 years I think of you don’t see any saturation happening in those numbers, because I 
think India is a rapidly expanding market to that extent and we are kind of trying to reach the 
smallest of the towns and the cities to that extent. Each town we find that there are more 
and more retailers that are coming in given the population which is there and the low capita 
per capita consumption of paint which is there to that extent.  So that also is kind of increasing 
every year overall. So, I think there is nothing which we see as a cannibalisation happening in 
terms of going forward. From the point of view of contributions as I said see the distribution 
expansion is happening in both even T1/T2 cities as well as in T3/T4 cities to that extent, so 
therefore you know as I said both the quantum’s are going to increase to that extent and 
therefore what we see that this would be a strong source of contribution in terms of our 
overall growth as we kind of go ahead. At the same time, there is the existing set of retail 
points which will also continuously keep on growing to that extent.  So I feel that while these 
are larger distribution points, I think the contribution which they kind of make is good and 
substantial but overall, this is a process which will continue.   
 
Saumil Mehta: Sure. My second and last question is I Believe you are also in the race to 
acquire white cement business of RAK which finally been acquired by a large player. Do we 
expect any sort of sourcing issue in terms of white cement for our putty business? Because 
you know the idea of asking if I look at last 2-3 years, the increase in the putty business 
fraction from paints and cement players are higher than the white cement production. So at 
some point in time, do we believe getting a better sourcing white cement for our putty 
business might be a challenge. 
 

23 | P a g e 
 
Amit Syngle: So as a strategy we keep on looking at backward integration in a very strong 
way. So, as you are aware we already make one of the raw material called Pentaerythritol in 
terms of what we ourselves to that extent.  We are also making a lot of emulsions, you know 
in certain ingredients that go into paint to that extent. So we keep on looking at opportunities 
which are coming whether it is in Putty or whether it is in paint that to that extent which is 
there and as part of the foray, I think today, we would kind of be eager to kind of look at 
saying that if there is an opportunity which comes in terms of investing in a backward 
integration, which is a strong product from a long-term paint consumption point of view and 
we think that we can put some technology in that to kind of grow that area, I think we would 
kind of really be interested as part of that and therefore not particular to putty but for all 
other categories we look at the backward integration in a very strong manner. 
 
Saumil Mehta: Sure. Thank you so much and all the best 
Moderator: Thank you sir. Next question is from Mr Richard Liu (JM Financial) who has joined 
us on the zoom platform. question. 
 
Richard Liu: Hi. Thank you for taking my question.  I just want to check this part on gross 
margin right. If i look at your standalone accounts, if i look at the inflation and COGS per unit 
you know based from your standalone accounts what seems is the value growth in COGS is 
about 51%, where you had a volume growth of about 31%. so that implies that inflation in 
COGS per unit is about 17%. Against that If I look at what headline costs increases TiO2 as far 
as what the Bloomberg data suggests is about 29-30%. Crude is up 60-65%. So, the blended 
would i guess anywhere is about 35-40%. Now against the 35-40% blended inflation in your 
RM index, you know your COGS……. cost inflation is just about 17%. I know you talked about 
internal efficiency etc etc, but inflation flow through factor if i can call it that seems to be less 
than 50% of what you know what your headline Raw material price data suggests. So if you 
can throw some light in this and how should we look at this as far as FY22-23 is concerned 
 
Amit Syngle: Okay, so i think you will have to look at possibly a different way of calculation 
today because if you look at possibly the last year total inflation how we kind of peg it is across 

24 | P a g e 
 
various quarters in terms of We see is something like about 32-34% kind of overall inflation 
in terms of what we see against which we have already taken a 24-25% kind of overall increase 
which is there to that extent.  You also see the gross margins, in Q4 we’re almost at about a 
40% gross margin as compared to possibly a year before which was at something like about 
44-45% kind of also. And also, the deficit is about you know if you see about a 4% kind of a 
deficit which is there. The rest is kind of getting covered a lot by the fact that one the 
percentages like you can calculate is that TiO2 goes to a certain percentage across the variable  
kind of products in a very different manner some products TiO2 is higher, some products TiO2 
is lower; and similar story for solvents to that extend and in our base there is a larger quantum 
of water based anyway so we can to get shielded if there is a large Solvent based increase 
which kind of takes place. So it means that for every company the kind of inflation would be 
very different depending on the product mix in terms of what they have.  So from that point 
of view today I think across margins in Q4 which are closer to about 40% as I said they are 
possibly 4-5% lower than a year before kind of margins which were there to that extent.  So I 
think we were pretty comfortable to that extent it’s only in Q1 Where we are saying another 
5-7% kind of increase against which we have already taken almost about 1.822% kind of our 
overall increase. So, I think the calculation which we need to kind of take is different and this 
way what you are kind of arriving at possible doesn’t come to the you know the number which 
I am indicating to you. 
 
Richard Liu: And Amit can you also help us understand you know the so called mix impact 
that we are really seeing. That was a number that ……. 46% of which you were quarter talking 
about. If I Iook at the volume growth number.. the value growth number which you recorded 
for Q4, the so-called mix dilution impact seems to be in the order of 10-11% 
  
Amit Syngle: No so are you know talking of the product mix contribution in terms of solvent 
and water based.   
 
Richard Liu: No, so I’m talking about so, so you know based on the headline price increase 
that you know we talked about over a period of time. I would see that YoY increase in headline 
paint prices is about 20% plus. Now you recorded 21% value growth in the paints business 
against which the volume growth is 8%. So, the implied pricing component is about 13% 

25 | P a g e 
 
versus the headline price increase of more than 30%. So, the mix impacts seem to be like 9-
10% vs which used to be about 4-6%. 
 
Amit Syngle: No see I think the other problem which there is that, see for quarter when you 
calculate it becomes a different picture because there is a raw material inventory of the 
previous quarter which carries on to the subsequent quarter for two months or so. So it 
becomes very difficult to put a quarterly number to that extent in terms of looking at it.  You 
like to look at that yearly number in terms of what I just gave you in terms of the overall kind 
of margins in terms of what we are enjoying to that extent as of now to that extent and as I 
said that what you like to look at from the point of view that overall we have grown by a value 
of about 37% this year in terms of what you see.  We have taken price increases which are 
above 24-25% in terms of which are there in the total inflation which we are talking is about 
34-35% kind of a 32- 34% and kind of a zone. So, I think those on the number is it possible 
you’ll have to crunch to kind of understand. I don’t think so you can go quarter to quarter.  
 
Richard Liu: Okay so let me ask an easier one. So, you talked about non-direct dealer Can you 
help us understand how big is that part of a business.  How much is that contributing. 
 
Amit Syngle: So actually, there is no concept like a non-direct dealer because there are dealer 
that are paint dealers and there are dealers which are touching through the distributor to that 
extent. Okay so I think this is a combination where there are distributors now who are 
supplying some part of the paints, some part of the waterproofing, some part of the wood 
finishes to that extent. so it’s up mix kind of a zone in terms of what is there so I would 
principally qualify that with all these 1.45 lakh retail outlet, we are almost directly in touch 
directly in touch either with the dealer or the distributor. 
 
Richard Liu: Okay. Alright. I will be probably take this up with Parag or Mr. Jeyamurugan later. 
 
Amit Syngle: Okay. 
 
Moderator: Thank you sir. Next question is from Varun Singh (IDBI Capital) who has joined us 
on the tele calling platform.  

26 | P a g e 
 
 
Varun Singh: Yeah, thanks for taking my question. My name is Varun Singh from IDBI capital. 
So, my question is on Home Improvement business. So how we expect to share management 
bandwidth given that we expect this category to become quite meaningful in next 3-4 years. 
So, what changes should we expect with regard to how we wish to drive growth in all the 3 
categories. I mean the kitchen-bath business, the waterproofing, and the other home 
improvement categories. If you can share some thought over this point sir.  
 
Amit Syngle:  So what we are doing is that as and when we are kind of adding this businesses, 
so for example the moment we added a fabric kind of business we have added people both 
from the point of view of sales and marketing to that extent which is there similarly as the 
lighting business kind of comes in and in terms of other category.  So there is a set of design 
professionals we are adding who have competencies with respect to some of these categories 
and then their sales people who possible who are able to kind of leverage this kind of 
categories to that extent and there is a third set of people like the people whom are trained 
slightly specially to kind of take it to the architects and designers to that extent. So what we 
are progressively doing is that as and when, we are adding the category we are looking at 
adding numbers in terms of that particular category; at the same time at the core of it we are 
putting a very strong design structure which are there which will include specialist who would 
kind of come and look into each category and they will look at new ranges, new designs which 
would kind of come in, which would kind of match with what is really happening as overall 
trends in India and the world.  
 
Varun Singh: Understood sir. So broadly we are not expecting much changes at the top 
management level in regard to how we wish to manage the growth in these 3 categories for 
next may be 3-4 years. 
 

27 | P a g e 
 
Amit Syngle:  So today we are putting people at GM & VP level as well in terms of some of 
these categories to that extent, but it’s not that you know there is a very strong you know 
that there is COO or someone kind of a coming to that extent. So, I think it is more at the 
possibly a mid-management to a senior level in terms of what we are putting along with 
people who are coming to manage the overall areas with the network and also with the 
designers. 
Varun Singh:  Understood sir. And second question is on the number that you have given is 
quite encouraging with regard to more than doubling the number of stores from 29 to 70 by 
the end of the current financial year. So, in regard to how we wish to sell the products in the 
home improvement category. Sir, I mean, how are you thinking to selling this product under 
one roof rather than trying to sell it through a distributor led model. The way we have 
changed- distribution model in the paint business. Any insights if you can share on the 
distribution approach. Why only through stores and why not through distributors.  
 
Amit Syngle: So actually, it’s a dual selling strategy which is there. The larger propagators are 
basically the ‘Beautiful Homes’ stores which I spoke of which from 29th we will take to the 
number of 70 in terms of what we are talking of. And these the stores would be bigger sellers 
because they are kind of pitching to the consumers the full kind of home decor at one shot in 
terms of the whole area of design and execution in a strong manner. The other structure 
which we have is that, like we have a structure in kitchen and bath where we have a set of 
dealers and distributors, who are independently selling kitchen and bath products.  Similarly 
in fabric, we have now almost 500-600 kind of retail set which is kind of selling the fabric as 
well so and when we have acquired White Teak, they have their own stores which are coming 
with the acquisition to that extent. So as we kind of go forward, you will have a dual structure 
of selling, where there is consolidated home decor being sold through ‘Beautiful Homes’ and 
then each of the categories is being sold by the network in terms of what we create around 
those possible to be sold to that extent and they kind of sell only one or two categories and 
whereas the store will sell close to about anywhere between 12 to 16 categories. 
 

28 | P a g e 
 
Varun Singh: Understood sir. Thank you very much for the detailed answer. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Mr Amit Sachdeva (HSBC Securities) who has 
joined us on Zoom. 
 
Amit Sachdeva: Hi good evening, everybody and thank you for taking my question. My name 
is Amit Sachdeva from HSBC. I have sir two questions.  First coming back on margins. basically, 
you know last year as you rightly said that 400 bips margin has come down when it was 44 in 
Q4 in the near ….. and now going ahead the two issues one basically there is some inflation 
as you say in Q1, but can you also describe the mix effect which could be different in Q1 
relative to Q4.  Also, in this context given the base is benign, Should we now look at what 
gross margin being sort of expansionary rather than contractionary in this particular year. 
what is your template thinking right now we are not asking for any guidance but comfortable 
position relative to margins? Your volume base is very high, but margins base is very benign. 
so how are you thinking about it.  Related question to that is whether Asian Paints as the 
leader would like a margin for hover around 41-41 but not go back to 44 because there is so 
many new entrances. Would you like to keep the pricing discipline may be enforce in some 
sense? Is there any comparative angle to it as well? that’s that’s my question number one. 
And then I will ask my second question 
 
Amit Syngle: So, first of all when we look at the whole story of margins going to Q1, I don’t 
think so that there is a very strong change in the mix which kind of really happens because 
you know the quarter to quarter, we don’t see too much of a mix change which happens 
except for a little bit in around the Diwali in terms of what we see that around that four weeks 
to six weeks, there is a little bit of different kind of a mix which gets invoke but otherwise I 
don’t see that there is going to be a mix which is going to be very very different in terms of 
going forward. The other thing is that currently as you said rightly, we have reached about a 
40% kind of a gross margin which is there as we see it a 44-45% kind of a margin is a little bit 
unrealistic in terms of going forward. I think it was also when possibly the prices were at its 
lowest in terms of inflation was just not there. In fact, it was more of a deflation at that point 
of time to that extent. And therefore we would kind of really see it that we keep it in the band 

29 | P a g e 
 
of 41-42 kind of a percent in terms of the overall gross margins going forward and with respect 
to pricing, I think that we are very clear is that we would very clearly look at a certain 
modelling it around the price elasticity where we can see that there is a certain affordability 
which we can get to the customer because we would not like that the demand should kind of 
get affected and we would be responsive as a leader in terms of looking at that in terms of 
how we would like to kind of peg the overall pricing; but going forward in terms of we would 
still kind of see that we would like to maintain that band of 18-20% from the point of view of 
the EBIDTA margins going forward as well.  so, I think that is a dual role in terms of what we 
will keep on playing in terms of saying that how do we kind of really peg our pricing, how do 
we look at overall EBIDTA margins in terms of this thing because what we see is that, this year 
again the volatility of inflation will continue to some extent. We are not getting an indication 
that the second half of the year currently is kind of giving us any comfort that it will be benign 
in terms of inflation from inflation point of view.  I think we will have to keep on looking from 
quarter to quarter to in terms of how we do any… as I said your price increases will have to 
be calibrated to see that what gross margins you  are maintaining and possibly what is the 
kind of work which were doing with respect to cost saving as we can go forward. So, I think it 
will be a combination of all that.  
 
Amit Sachdeva: That’s very very helpful Amit. My second quick question is on decor business. 
And in Decor basically obviously there is a service element, there is a product element and 
then you are your combining various elements together including lighting, furniture, design 
element, bathroom fittings to kitchens.  So it is the entire …  of basically new homes to existing 
home being renovated. So, I can clearly see the value proposition.  Also you described the 
affordable luxury proposition and so you are targeting typically household I can imagine. In 
that can I get your thoughts a little bit clear more as well, whether the real focus is on selling 
product and value capture is largely on the product for a traded product or own product or 
services element which are integrated with it. In my sense, services should be free and 
product is where you capture the value and is a service element is entirely outsourced and 
how are you integrating with because that it is a very complex ecosystem that is interacting 
it. It may sound very simple but how are you balancing this so many elements interacting and 
have you executed few projects already and what is the size of the project so far in the month 
it has been launched and what is the kind of learning so far. If you can help us, explain the 

30 | P a g e 
 
way we can understand the business and model it is going forward. Theoretically, it can be 
humongous opportunity, but can company like Asian Paints, my worry is that company like 
you can capture value in product but not in service. Services can complicate the hell lot 
because it just brings in element which you compete it with all sort of random people.  Sorry 
about long question but you get where i am coming from.  
 
Amit Syngle: So just to clarify first of all I think we are looking at value in terms of a 
combination of offering inspiration to the customer which is in terms of visualisation, second 
in terms of the qualities or what we bring it in the product in terms of what we are offering 
and the third element which is very important is the whole area of execution and bringing 
delight to the consumers. So if you look at today in the world there is no player who offers 
visualisation coupled with execution to the glory along with basically a product proposition 
which is built into that extent and so I think what we are trying is something which is you 
know as you rightly said it is complex but it is in evitable as I said.  It cannot be copied by 
anyone because once you build the servicing edge along with the fact that you have not only 
traded product but your own product which is kind of giving you margins to that extent and 
you have a very strong visualisation story which you are able to give to the customer I think 
it’s a lethal combination in terms of what you can offer to the customer.  We have kind of 
gone into all the elements if you look at from the ‘Beautiful Homes’ service point of view, we 
have kind of executed it across about 900-1000 customers across the country and we have 
done jobs which vary from as less than as Rs. 50,000 to Rs. 1,00,00 to as high as about to 
about Rs. 2 - 3 crores as well so that extent for various kinds of customers to that extent. so I 
think we are getting a very strong hang of it in terms of what we need to kind of do to that 
extent and it is done very strongly through an angle of supervision which kind of comes in to 
that extent because we feel that if we kind of just leave the execution to the market, it kind 
of really plays havoc in terms of what it does to the overall product execution piece and 
delight it brings to the consumers to that extent. So I think that is the model in terms of what 
we are looking at and especially I think this model is not applicable for categories like there 
could be a retailer who is just selling bath taps… now if he selling just bath taps like basically 
he is the selling taps to a customer to that extent, but when you come to a Beautiful Homes 
were selling the full home to the customer along with the element of visualisation, product 
quality and certain element of execution which kind of comes in. 

31 | P a g e 
 
 
Amit Sachdeva: Sure, thanks so much Amit and all the best for this. Thanks a lot 
 
Moderator: Thank you sir. Next question is from Percy Panthaki (IIFL Securities) who has 
joined us on zoom.  
 
Percy Panthaki: Hi this is Percy Panthaki from IIFL.  Sir, this year had been a splendid year for 
you with a very high-volume growth of about 30%. But looking ahead I see sort of two head 
winds for you in terms of volume growth for FY23. One is the high base effect that you are 
sitting on for FY 22 on a comparator YoY basis that may dampen your FY23 growth. And the 
second is the significant almost 25% kind of price increases that you have taken which in turn 
as you mentioned there is some amount of price elasticity issues. In light of these two issues 
on a YoY basis for FY23 as a whole, do you think it is possible that volume growth would slip 
to low single digit or zero kind of number because we are seeing ofcourse not exactly 
comparable category but facing many FMCG companies now post a 0%  kind of volume 
growth even with 8-10% kind of price increase. Paints, of course is less penetrated and 
therefore you have new product also waterproofing, Putty which are growing much faster but 
just your thoughts on how we can look at volume growth for FY23 YoY.    
 
Amit Syngle: Okay, so first of all I think if you look at the CAGRs as in terms of what we have 
been posting for the two & three years.  We are saying that both on volume and value we 
have been able to post a very very strong numbers even come.  If you compare to a relatively 
normal year which is 18-19 which is before the two Covid years to that extent so I believe that 
the company has taken a very very strong focus in terms of driving that trajectory through a 
range of kind of strategies in terms of what are involved in terms of going forward. Second, if 
you look at a trend of a Q4 over a volume growth of 48% as a base, you are still able to grow 
at an 8% and I said that February & March were high growth double digit volume months for 
us because this 8% primarily has come because January was down because of the Covid to 
that extent.  so, despite the price increases baby realise the full value in the Q4 month, we 
have seen still 8% growth with February & March at high digit high double digit volume growth 
to that extent. now which only gives the indication of the fact that you are able to kind of still 
kind of propel the demand from the point of view of how customer is seeing it and we are 

32 | P a g e 
 
seeing that opportunity across the category of products; so whether it is upgradation of 
emulsions, whether it is from the point of view of upgradation of people to from economy to 
premium to premium to luxury as a pyramid in terms of how you want to kind of go forward; 
or whether it is in case of looking at transitioning people from solvent-based to water based 
or from the point of view of saying that you put a regimen of people putting undercoats to 
that extent.  So I think there is a range of strategies in terms of what we are kind of taking and 
we find that there are certain categories like waterproofing and would finishes which are also 
growing quite spectacularly overall to that extent. in addition to the fact that you are getting 
a lot of innovations in the market so I think we are pretty confident that going forward despite 
the base as you rightly mentioned of 31% volume growth that we should be definitely kind of 
look at if nothing less that you know something like definitely a double-digit volume growth 
going forward is what we are definitely endeavouring in terms of going forward and we think 
that it is possible given the range of strategies in terms of what we are taking and the fact 
that this year, we are saying that if it is a Covid free year definitely see that there is a lot of 
pent-up demand for the last two years it will aid this kind of a strategy of growth.  
 
Moderator: Thank you sir. We will be taking a last question now from Mr Sujay Kamath 
(Millenium Partners) who has joined us on zoom. 
 
Sujay Kamath: Yeah hi. thanks a lot for taking my question. My question is a little more longer 
term.  You know understand long-term growth of industries. So on one side and if I look at 
you know player organised players such as you.  Over the last… in fact If I go back to some of 
the previous presentation that you gave, it appears that over the last 3-4 years, you have 
actually doubled your volume growth to your volume which is amazing on the decorative side, 
but when I look at, you know, data like TiO2 consumption in the country which is basically a 
mix of import as well and domestic production,  demand in India has only grown at 7% over 
the last 10 years in fact even slow over the last 3-4 years so I’m just trying to you know connect 
the demand for TiO2 versus the kind of growth that organised sector is witnessing. I mean 
something like 100% growth over the last four years and you know, in that context how does 
one look, at you know the portion that the organised sector captured from unorganised and 
how does one look at long-term growth  
 

33 | P a g e 
 
Amit Syngle: Okay, so let me just answer that straight away.  So if you look at various profile 
of products you know they have a very different level of TiO2 to consumption depending on 
what the product is so right from an undercoat to a topcoat which is economy to mid- end to 
high-end, every product will have a very very different level of TiO2 consumption.  So you 
can’t correlate paint growth to the TiO2 consumption straight away to that extent because it 
might not be a straight correlation but would be a complex correlation in terms of how it kind 
of comes by.  That’s point 1, second is that today TiO2 being the most costly element in paints, 
all companies are looking at seeing lots of measures in terms of how they can bring down the 
TiO2 consumption both from the point of view of innovation in manufacturing, better 
dispersion technologies and also looking at a lot of alternate raw materials which have come 
in the last about 3 to 4 years which basically kind of decrease the TiO2 consumption in the 
paint.  So this category which basically gives the hiding to the paint and basically removes the 
need in terms of putting that quantum of TiO2 into the paint to that extent.  So I think given 
these kind of overall measures which are happening and then there are various grades of TiO2 
which is the chlorides and the sulphates and so and so forth to that extent which kind of gets 
use in different percentages again depending on the product which is there to that extent.  So 
I think given this whole area in terms of what you kind of look at it would not be clearly co-
relatable with basically the TIO 2 consumption and as it said that the larger imperative of the 
entire industry is that they are looking at more and more places they can replace TiO2 with 
better technologies both in manufacturing as well as alternate arms. 
 
Moderator: That was our last question.  May I now request Mr Amit Syngle to deliver the 
closing remarks please 
 
Amit Syngle: Okay I think good I think we try to see that we could kind of give you some larger 
kind of clarification and that is why we had a slightly longer presentation today in terms of 
the various the specs I think thank you all for coming today and really asking some incisive 
questions which are there I think it’s always good to kind of see that we are able to answer 
those questions and give you some clarity in terms of how we are proceeding and what is 
really happening with the organisation. So, thank you once again for coming for this investor 
conference and have a have a have a great season ahead thank you. 
 

34 | P a g e 
 
#### 
