Cu^Sman
16th May, 2022
To
The Manager - Listing,
BSE Limited,
Rotunda Building,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai - 400 001
Scrip Code: 543276
DearSir/Madam,
The Manager- Listing,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
Exchange Plaza,
Bandra Kurla Complex ,
Bandra (East),
Mumbai - 400 051
Stock Code: CRAFTSMAN
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on Audited Financial Results
for the quarter and year ended 31st March, 2022.
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and our intimation and
outcome tetter dated 19th April, 2022 and 10th May, 2022, we are enclosing herewith the
transcript of the earnings conference call organized on Tuesday, the 10th May,2022 at
03.30 P. M. (1ST) on the Audited Financial Results for the quarter and year ended
31st March, 2022.
The transcript of the earnings conference call will be uploaded on the website of the
Company at www.craftsmanautomation.com.
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record and disseminate the
same on your respective websites.
Thanking you.
Yours faithfully,
for CRAFTSIVIAN AUTOMATION LIMITED
C^L
Shainshad Aduvanni
Company Secretary
End: As above
and
Craftsman Automation Limited
Registered Office:
Senthei Towers, 4th Floor
1078, AvanashiRoad
Coimbatore - 641 018
Tamilnadu, India
tel:+91 42271 650 00
fax :+91422 71 650 56
info@craftsmanautomation.
com
www. craftsmanautomation.
com
CIN N.
GST Nc
L28991TZ1986PLC001816
33AABCC2461K1ZW

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
CRAFTSMAN AUTOMATION LIMITED 
Earnings Conference Call on the  
Audited Financial Results for the quarter and year ended 31st March, 2022 
10th May, 2022 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to Craftsman Automation 
Limited Investor Call to discuss the Financial Performance of the Company 
for the quarter and year ended 31st March 2022. 
 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Srinivasan Ravi – Chairman and Managing Director of Craftsman 
Automation Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you very much for joining. It gives me 
immense pleasure in welcoming all for earnings call for the quarter as well 
as the year ended March ‘22, FY22.  
 
 
Craftsman Automation has successfully completed one year of listing of the 
shares and I thank you for your overwhelming support. I will just give a brief 
note about the industry situation now. In FY21-22 the passenger vehicles 
and commercial vehicles witnessed growth whereas we were quite 
disappointed with the two-wheeler segment which has declined by 11% due 
to obvious reasons. There is an overall decline in the automotive industry 
sales by 6%. The recent Ukraine war also has some impact on the global 
economy and also commodity prices, availability of materials and also 
leading to some inflation. Moreover, recent lockdowns in key manufacturing 
and trade-hubs in China has impacted supplies of first of all our customers 
and this has also led to some little muted demand in the Q4. The prices of 
major raw material and fuel have been increasing continuously, steel prices 
are up 23% and aluminium prices are up by 35% compared to March ‘21.  
 
In spite of the dynamic and challenging environment Craftsman has made 
a better performance and I would like to take you through the highlights of 
Q4 and FY21-22. Standalone financials; highest ever sales ₹2,200 Crores, 
which is 43% over last year in gross terms on the top line and I would say it 
is 32% in real terms for the value addition, the PBT of ₹248 Crores growth 
of 68% over previous year. Turnover has grown 43% and stands at ₹2,206 
Crores as against ₹1,546 Crores. PBT ₹248 Crores as against PBT ₹148 
Crores in the previous year. Consolidated PBT has crossed ₹250 Crores 
that is ₹252 Crores. Highest ever PAT ₹160 Crores; last year was ₹97 
Crores. EBITDA has grown 20% from ₹448 Crores this year has been ₹539 
Crores. CAPEX is more or less in line with our depreciation, that is ₹ 227 
Crores to enhance technological upgradation wherever is required and for 
addressing the emerging opportunities.  

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
The company has performed decently well in major key financial areas 
despite of some headwinds. The earlier guidance on the debt reduction has 
happened little on the term loan front but not on the working capital. It is 
hugely driven by increased commodity prices and availability of material on 
time. Your company had to increase the inventory and that led to increased 
borrowing and working capital. The term loan we were able to reduce a little, 
so overall debt has more or less remained same. That is the only guidance 
which we had given earlier we could not meet that. Debt to equity has been 
improved from 0.72 times last year to 0.63 times this year. Debt to EBITDA 
which was 1.57 times now stands at 1.33 times. EBITDA percentage 29% 
has dropped to 24% but that is in line with the commodity price increase 
which had a pass through and it will be also in the future. These EBITDA 
numbers will get recalibrated and I would request therefore to look at the 
value addition portion. EBIT from FY21 was 16% and FY22 was 15%. PBT 
increased from 10% to 11%. PAT has increased from 6% to 7%. The current 
ratio improved from 0.96 times to 1.03 times, ROCE pre-tax which was 16% 
last year now it is 20%, ROE which was 11% last year is now 15%. EPS has 
improved from ₹48 now to ₹76.  
 
Segment wise results: 
 
The automotive powertrain has grown the top line by 42%. That is the 
number standard ₹1154 Crores for the year, last year was ₹811 Crores. 
Auto aluminium was ₹440 Crores, last year was ₹330 Crores but this is 
mostly due to aluminium commodity price increase, industrial engineering 
was ₹612 Crores compared to ₹405 Crores last year. 
 
Segment EBIT: 
 
The powertrain segment EBIT stands at ₹304 Crores compared to ₹221 
Crores last year. Auto aluminium EBIT was ₹10 Crores, last year was ₹3 
Crores, industry engineering is ₹64 Crores, last year was ₹75 Crores. 
Unallocated stands around the same level of ₹45 Crores. The total EBIT 
has been ₹333 Crores for the year compared to last year of ₹248 Crores. I 
will know open the floor for any questions.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. The first question is in the line of Nishit Jalan from Axis 
Capital.  
 
Nishit Jalan: 
The first question is on the overall industry growth across segments; since 
we deal in multiple segments how are you seeing industry growth especially 
given the fact that crude has gone up and commodity prices have gone up. 
Have you started to see any cut in production schedule by OEMs? And 
related to that how has been order inflows for you, any meaningful order 
wins since last quarter that you would want to highlight? That is the first 
question I'll come back for the remaining two to questions after you answer.  
 

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
The industry has been, as far as the trend goes in the current quarter, we 
are seeing strong demand in comparison with the last year first quarter I 
would say, that is on comparison. It is almost in line with the Q4 numbers is 
what we feel currently. Q4, we had muted Q4 for the farm sector which Q1 
looks better on the farm sector, commercial vehicle there are headwinds 
because of the fuel price increase but the headwinds are also helping the 
real heavy-duty segment to sell because they are more fuel efficient and the 
fleet owners needs to modernize to keep their costs down. It is helping but 
now with the RBI announcing some interest rate hike I don't know how it will 
affect but still I think the numbers are quite strong in Q1 also. The two-
wheeler segment has declined but I don't think it'll slide further the numbers 
because it also has been factored in the Q4 itself where we saw an industry 
number of hardly 1.2 million, approximately. There are some exports which 
are there. We feel that the current year Q1 will be almost a 90% of Q4 which 
is not normal. The order wins, we have some of our customers, they're 
commentable production for the passenger vehicle segment and the SUV 
segment. We are seeing good traction on the continuously increasing 
numbers there. They seem to also work on shortage. We are seeing good 
numbers there. We also won some orders for the auto aluminium which I 
will not like to elaborate but it is quite sizeable, further going down. Once we 
are ready with the CAPEX then the CAPEX is minor but when we're ready 
with the project plan and when it's going to be launched it will be in the next 
financial year. We will come up in the next earnings call with more details 
about the order win in the auto aluminium. In the auto powertrain there have 
been continuous small wins and we are quite confident that all the three 
segments the auto power train, auto aluminium and the industrial 
engineering all will see a real growth of 20% for commodities already been 
factored in. I hope I answered your question Nishit, anything specific to 
elaborate.  
 
Nishit Jalan: 
It’s pretty good to hear the kind of growth targets you have. My second 
question is on profitability; industrial segment we have seen good 
improvement in margins, last three quarters have been tough. Just wanted 
to understand what has changed there, how much of it is because of product 
mix or you were looking to get price hikes from your customer. Have these 
price hikes come through or the impact of price hikes will come into coming 
quarters? And secondly in the aluminium business we understand that 
there's a lead lag impact of higher aluminium costs. Just wanted to 
understand how should we look at profitability in the aluminium segment, 
both from a near term perspective and from a medium-term perspective in 
terms of EBITDA margin or EBIT margin whatever you want to guide? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I'll answer the second part of your question first; in the auto power train we 
are immune to any commodity price which is 100% straight pass through. 
There is actually no advantage / disadvantage there at all, in auto aluminium 
it was a trailing quarter but now it is more real time. I would say it is more 
realistic average has been taken and almost all the companies are following 
this now. That means there will be not any leakage of revenue because of 
the commodity prices even if the commodity prices continue to increase 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
going forward. We are well insulated going forward. There are two segments 
of industrial engineering business. One is the high-end sub-assemblies and 
contract manufacturing which we have been doing for more than 2.5 to 3 
decades now. There we are recalibrating all the costs and we are going to 
approach the customer in the current quarter because frequent term 
corrections we don't engage because there are also overseas customers 
where we are directly exporting and they are also seeing huge inflation in 
their own areas, especially in Europe. Our exports are more or less equal 
with Europe, US, and Japan, it is quite well. The advantage what we have 
is we have a large longstanding relationship with our customers. We don't 
see any issue of getting the, I would say, genuine price protection going 
forward into Q2, totally. Whereas as I mentioned that only problem will be 
on the interest portion on the working capital which we need to now take a 
safety stock of some of the products what we are doing due to the huge 
fluctuation. If this moderates I think our working capital requirements will 
come down but also will improve the ROCE. So, I hope I answered your 
question, Nishit.  
 
Nishit Jalan: 
So, what I can gather from your answer is that in the industrial segment the 
price hike benefit is yet to come. There could be further margin improvement 
in the segment going ahead, is that correct understanding?  
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
That is correct. The other segment on the I&E which is a storage solution 
business, we have made our inroads and we have marked our presence in 
the market. We're a very strong player now. In the static racking we are 
getting right prices now and commodity also we are having a good leverage. 
We have reached the optimum size. We are looking at growing more than 
50% in the current year in the storage solution. Last year also we grew and 
last year we have crossed around ₹250 Crores., (₹104 Crores in the last 
year has become ₹253 Crores) on the storage solution business. This year 
we expect to grow by another minimum of 50%. The automated storage 
solution business is also taking off. Future margins are surely better. The 
margin on the industrial engineering segment as far as the influence or the 
negative influence of the storage solution business which we had last year 
will get nullified in this coming quarter itself. 
 
Nishit Jalan: 
Would you would you like to give any guidance on the profitability in 
aluminium business segment because that has been quite volatile because 
of external factors and lower capacity utilization as well? Any guidance you 
would want to give from a medium-term perspective and should we expect 
that a current level of margins to sustain in the next couple of quarters or do 
we expect an improvement or further decline here? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, I will go by annual guidance because today everybody's giving monthly 
schedules and I don't want to just rush numbers. We had a negative ROCE 
in FY21 if you remember and this has turned positive in this year at least on 
the ROCE front, EBIT also was very low, pre-tax ROCE was (-3%) last year. 
Now it has become 2%. We will be at two-digit ROCE in the current financial 
year. We are quite confident about that number on ROCE and EBIT number 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
if you look at EBIT percentage, EBIT margin was (-3.8%) in FY21 for auto 
aluminium, now it is 1.9%. I think the worst is behind us. Here also the EBIT 
margin we will be in two digits going forward.  
 
Moderator: 
We'll move on to the next question. That is from the line of Sagar Parekh 
from Deep Financial Consultants.  
 
Sagar Parekh: 
I have two questions. First, I want the capacity utilization number for all the 
three divisions if you can give us, please. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Whole year we were around ranging between 60% to 70% on auto 
powertrain for the full year and some months we had higher percentage. 
Auto aluminium for the full year has been around 40% odd.  
 
Sagar Parekh: 
40%? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
For the full year 57% on the auto aluminium.  
 
Sagar Parekh: 
How much 57%? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
 57%.  
 
Sagar Parekh: 
So, 40% is what then? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No sorry, I was looking at some quarter.  
 
Sagar Parekh: 
And industrial engineering? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Industrial engineering our capacity utilization cannot be exactly calculated 
because it depends on too many products. There is a lot of headroom there 
because it is not CAPEX intensive, it's product intensive. I think we have 
headroom to increase 20%.  
 
Sagar Parekh: 
Then this 34% rise in the sales in aluminium products for FY22 which from 
330 to 440 that is largely driven by aluminium price increases or it's volume 
driven growth as well? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Only marginally on the volume driven growth, that is more driven by the 
price increase in the top line. 
 
Sagar Parekh: 
With some order wins that you mentioned at the start of the call, then can 
we expect some volume growth as well for FY23?  
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, volume growth is surely there on the cards for FY23 and I would rather 
give a 3-year number. What was ₹440 Crores for FY22 if I fast forward to 
‘26 I think we'll reach ₹1000 Crores number and we'll be very close to the 
₹1000 Crores number in the previous year itself, the way it is going, the 
order wins what we're having. But I would not like to elaborate on these 
order wins currently. 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Sagar Parekh: 
This growth will be driven by passenger vehicle or will it be mix…. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
It is from passenger vehicles. A little on the two-wheeler EV also but mainly 
it's on the passenger vehicles. It is a combination of conventional IC 
engines, passenger vehicles and as well as EV also.  
 
Sagar Parekh: 
My second question was more on the medium-term outlook, actually on the 
automotive powertrain division. I believe that Daimler has decided to stop 
its medium duty engines and they have signed a pack with Cummins to 
provide this medium duty engine for their trucks and buses. How does that 
impact us and what are your thoughts on this?  
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Daimler the topline is quite high because we are supplying along with 
material and around more than 70% is raw material cost which is in top line. 
The value addition portion for Daimler is not a significant number as far as 
the auto powertrain value addition goes as a whole. What we see is even 
for Daimler, 80% of the value addition comes from our exports through 
Daimler to Brazil and only 20% comes from Daimler India. What is medium 
duty trucks in Europe is called heavy duty trucks here. The engines that is 
going to be getting changed as you mentioned, is on the 15,000 trucks which 
they produce in India. So that around 10,000 trucks we'll stop, 5,000 will 
continue because these are for other countries, they are still at the old 
emission level. Brazil the volume is around 60,000. So, when you look at 
the overall number of 75,000 what will get impacted in FY25 will be 10,000. 
And again, a portion of that in the FY28 there's a chance that Daimler Brazil 
also may shift to Cummins if the emission norm changes, that is still not on 
the plan at all as of now. I don't see that as today a big challenge because 
our dependency on Daimler itself is reducing as even in the current year I 
would say if you look at the value addition.  
 
Sagar Parekh: 
Is it possible to quantify our total exposure to Daimler or overall revenues to 
Daimler?  
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, I don’t want to talk about revenue. I'll talk about the value addition. Value 
addition on the auto powertrain. Last year we had done around ₹760 Crores 
totally on the auto powertrain on the value addition. I think around 80-90 
Crores for the heavy-duty segment for Daimler will be there. Rest is medium 
duty which is they're going to continue for that. 10% will be the impact in 
FY27. 
 
Sagar Parekh: 
FY25, right or FY27? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No FY25 will be very small because Brazil is going to continue. Brazil is not 
yet moved to be BSVI, so when they move to BSVII only it will happen. That 
maybe on the card for FY28.  
 
Sagar Parekh: 
This 80 to 90 Crores includes Brazil shipments also from here? 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes correct, Brazil shipments and the FUSO range will continue as we 
know.  
 
Sagar Parekh: 
What will continue? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
The FUSO, the medium duty range, Daimler that supplies FUSO that will 
continue. So, we will see that there will be an 8%-9% impact in FY27-28. 
By the time our other auto powertrain business will grow and maybe the 
percentage will still come down. We see it growing in the auto powertrain 
because nobody's investing further there and consolidation is happening 
in India. I see that we will continue to grow in good double digit, 20% 
maybe for the next 2-3 years shortly, after that also I think the double-digit 
growth in spite of loss of Daimler in FY28 I think we'll continue.  
 
Sagar Parekh: 
Just wanted to check this Daimler has given a target of like by 2030 they 
want to completely move away from ICE engines. Then the medium duty 
everything will be impacted then? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Medium duty in India is more moving towards CNG and other things. It 
depends on government subsidy and regulations, I'm not the right person 
to say it. We're watching it very carefully but there's a lot of export also 
happening on the powertrain area to other countries especially African 
countries. I don't see that we are going to stop or reduce. Maybe the 
growth may be muted I would say.  
 
Sagar Parekh: 
My last question for this aluminium business you said, you are targeting 
double digit EBIT margin for FY23, right?  
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes.  
 
Sagar Parekh: 
Because we were at about 2% for FY22. That will go to 10% or let's say 
10% to 11%, so that'll be a massive jump in aluminium margin. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, correct, we are caught on the wrong side of the trailing quarter which 
we were buying aluminium at a price and selling it lower. Apart from the 
lower capacity utilization this was the reason. Now we've added some 
products which are having higher value and in steps I think our 
dependency on two-wheeler will come down in the next 2-3 years.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Joseph George from IIFL.  
 
Joseph George: 
You mentioned that in FY22 there was a working capital hit because you 
have to increase inventory. What I want to understand was next year do 
you expect that to normalize and as a result from a cashflow perspective 
do you expect working capital to release cash in FY23? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
We are at least going to grow by 20% as I would say the guidance and 
taking into consideration current market condition, the war, whatever 
environment higher interest rates. So hopefully we'll do more than 20%. 

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Even at 20% level I don't see increase in working capital requirement. The 
number of days will come down and the commodity prices remain such as 
we will see a reduction in the working capital requirement.  
 
Joseph George: 
Basically, it can either release or stay at the same level as FY22 and it will 
not hurt in FY23? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, it will not absorb money. I would say that even for 25% growth the 
working capital will not grow going forward.  
 
Joseph George: 
The next question that I had was in relation to capacity utilization, you've 
already answered that question segment wise. But you would have a 
capacity increasing through the course of the year. I just wanted to 
rephrase that question. If all the plants that you had at the end of FY22 
were to operate at 100% level or if for instance 90% of the optimum levels, 
if they were to operate at 90% levels what will be the annual revenue that 
we'll be able to generate? Of course, there is seasonality and all of that. 
But just to understand with respect to the revenue generating capacity of 
all the assets at the end of the FY22. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I would confidently say that today our capacity to produce is—with the 
current product mix is—around ₹300 Crores a month.  
 
Joseph George: 
So that comes over 3,500-3,600 understood. The last question that I had 
was could you give the storage solutions revenue for the fourth quarter? I 
mean you gave the number for the full year, I thought you mentioned ₹253 
Crores. Could you give it for the fourth quarter as well?  
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, we will give it. You can shoot next question while CFO is taking the 
number out.  
 
Joseph George: 
I am done with the questions. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from Dolat Capital.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
My first question was related with the powertrain margin. What is the 
revenue and margin outlook for the first quarter for powertrain business 
given recovery in the tractor segment volume and resentment which is 
more concentrated toward the assembly only?  
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
The guidance which we can safely assume is ₹600 Crores odd for Q1 with 
the same percentage for the auto powertrain, auto aluminium, industrial 
engineering.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
How much impact do you see in the revenue from the Daimler India in the 
powertrain business for the near term? I mean to say for FY23 and 24.  
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Specifically, from a customer it’s not right for me to answer so much in 
detail because it's a very strategic and also the point. Daimler, I think bulk 
of business comes from Daimler Brazil, I would say 70%-80%. So, I will 
not answer that question. To answer Mr. Joseph's earlier question about 
storage solution; we have ₹65 Crores revenue for Q4 last year. Abhishek, 
please pardon me for that. Because we need all our customers and I don't 
want to take any controversial questions here.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
What is your CAPEX and the debt repayment plan for FY23? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
FY23 our guidance for CAPEX as it stands today it may change going 
forward. As we mentioned that we are going for minimum growth of 20% 
but in case something changes quite dramatically to an upward growth 
then we may revise the CAPEX. But as of now it is almost in line with our 
depreciation portion, it is around ₹215 to ₹220 Crores is what we have 
planned for. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Including maintenance CAPEX? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Results coming contrary to the guidance. If it is much more than 20% then 
we may have to look at it. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
What is your repayment plan for FY23?  
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I didn't get the question please, sorry Abhishek. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
What is your debt repayment plan for FY23?  
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I think debt will reduce by around 100 Crores is what we expect, a 
combination of term loan as well as working capital loan. Our debt as of 
March ‘22 stands at ₹713 Crores, long-term debt has reduced from ₹546 
Crores last year to ₹522 Crores. Working capital has increased from ₹150 
Crores to ₹193 Crores. We don't expect working capital to increase further. 
We expect long-term debt to come down.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
And my next question is related with the industrial segment. This quarter 
we have seen improvement in the margin. Is it because of price hike which 
was due in the assemblies, sub-assemblies and the fully finished products 
or is it because of the some…. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I have lost your last sentence; you were not clear.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
There are two segments in the industrial, one is that storage solution 
system and another is the assemblies. In this quarter we have seen 
improvement in the margin. Is it because of the price hike which was due 
in the assemblies and sub-assembly side? 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, we have not even requested for the price hike in the sub-assembly. 
We need to make the request. We'll be making the request shortly and 
we'll maybe getting it in Q2-Q3 period. It is more due to the pass through 
of the commodity prices for the storage solution which give the better 
returns.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
What is the current margin for storage solution business and the revenue 
in FY22? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
It will change from project-to-project Mr. Abhishek. But we are seeing good 
improvement there that’s what I can tell you. Today our order book on the 
storage solution, as of date if we look at it, we have close to 150 Crores 
pending order. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Most probably that this business will grow with a CAGR of 30%-35% going 
ahead? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, I think it will grow at 50% to 60%.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
What margin we can assume for this storage solution business? 
 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
The EBITDA margin may be at a low double-digit for the storage solution 
but ROCE will be in line with the company's overall ROCE which is around 
20% because this is not a high CAPEX business.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Overall margin of the industrial side? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi:  
It is now low, it has dropped from 17% to 16% EBITDA, but earlier we used 
to be 19% EBITDA. With these actions in place Mr. Abhishek whatever 
you had mentioned about price correction in the high-end assemblies and 
also better pricing for our storage solutions, we will go back to 17%-18% 
EBITDA margins.  
 
Abhishek Jain:  
My last question is from the aluminium business. You won the new 
business for the automatic gearbox housing and the e-axle side. Can you 
throw some more light like the quantum of the business and the kind of the 
margin you will get there? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
For strategy reasons I would not like to name any customer because you 
know very well that some orders have been secured, some orders are 
about to be secured. I would like to discuss in in the next earnings call on 
this matter please.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
What was the contribution for the two-wheelers versus four-wheeler in 
aluminium business in this year and how would be the mix going ahead 
on FY23? 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
FY23 we’ll see a change 5%-10% from the current level of—I think it must 
be closer to 80%--it is 87% we will see it going below 80% in the current 
year. What we see is FY25 we will be at 50-50.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Most probably the business from the PSA will come in FY24 end… 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
It's not only PSA. We have got other orders from OEMs or Tier-1 suppliers 
which I would not like to elaborate now. Yes, it's quite sizable the orders. 
PSA or Stellantis is already mentioned in the last 1 year, so is it yet to start 
production. But these new order wins which we were expecting or just 
taken are going to come into production quickly because we see more 
speed of implementation by the OEMs themselves for these changes.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is in the line of Pranay Roop Chatterjee from Burman 
Capital.  
 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee:     Could you please share the value-added segment wise for Q4 2022 versus 
Q4 2021?  
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
You want the comparison, right?  
 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee:    Yes. Comparison of value-added segment wise, quarterly.  
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
For the year I will just quickly read through while we also read for the 
quarter also. The value add for auto powertrain for FY21 was ₹542 Crores 
and FY22 was ₹762 Crores, auto aluminium in FY21 was ₹121 Crores and 
in FY22 was ₹147 Crores, industrial engineering was ₹223 Crores in FY21 
and ₹267 Crores in FY22. Now I am reading the numbers for you for the 
quarter; for the power train, the value addition for Q4 last year was ₹201 
Crores versus ₹210 Crores in the Q4 of FY22. This is mainly because of 
the farm sector now coming back. Then for the aluminium segment, Q4 
last year the value add was ₹39.62 Crores and this time it is also ₹36.5 
Crores. More or less it's the same the drop into two-wheeler sales was 
quite significant in Q4 and the value addition for the industrial engineering 
segment last year was ₹62 Crores and this year has been ₹84 Crores. 
 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Now in your industrial and engineering segment, you generated a revenue 
of ₹186 Crores approximately in Q4, out of which you said ₹65 Crores is 
storage which would mean that the other industrial segment is around 
₹121 Crores. If I'm not wrong this ₹121 Crores last quarter was around 
₹90 Crores, the non-storage portion. Is it true that it has actually registered 
36% quarter-on-quarter growth, the other industrial segment? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
It may be right there but I would say that these are…the industrial 
engineering segment itself on the other high-end subassemblies we have 
to look at for the year because the one shipment the bigger subassembly 
product which doesn't go through in that particular quarter. It may reflect 
in the next quarter. These is not a daily sale figure or a monthly sales 
figure. That is what is my take on that.  

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
If I look at your EBIT margins for industrial and engineering, it was around 
16% if I'm not wrong, 30 Crores was the absolute number and percentage 
will be 16% which is significantly higher than what we’ve seen in past 
quarter. My question is are there any one-offs in the 16%? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, one offs. I think the automated storage solution, there was some 
supply where there's a better pass through is there and also in the static 
racking also our pricing was right. You're talking about Q4 or you're talking 
for the full year? 
 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
 Q4. So Q4 has 16% EBIT margin? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, I am very sure. No, one offs. 
 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
My last question would be in the power train segment, has there been a 
broad change in the mix between M&HCV, construction equipment, PV 
and the other segments that you have? Do you see a broad change as of 
today versus let’s say a couple of years back?  
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
We see some change going forward but otherwise there is no change as 
of now. Farm sector as usual is a little cyclic in nature and then depends 
on the monsoon plus also depends on the inventory which we are carrying. 
The CV for FY22 has been around 54%, the farm sector has been around 
18%, off-highway around 20%, passenger vehicle has been 8%. So, I see 
the same way going forward also. 
 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Last question and I am just back tracking a bit to the I&E margins. Since 
you said there no one-off; can we expect such similar margins in the next 
two-three quarters as well assuming more further price hikes in 
commodities?  
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, I think it is realistic to expect that, yes.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of T. S. Vijay Sarthy from Anand Rathi.  
 
T. S. Vijay Sarthy: 
Just wanted to check, we hear from the market that there is some non-
availability of raw materials with respect to aluminium forging side. 
Because of the pricing there are many export opportunities and supplies 
are not in a position to supply? Is that the case and is it continuing, that’s 
one? Second last quarter, you had indicated about the 2-liter diesel engine 
were one of the components that would get localized and that will be a big 
opportunity. You said it will kickstart in ‘23. Is that on and could you give 
us more information on that? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, that orders have been received by us. It is already under 
development. There is also one very good factor and there is lot of 
customer participation in the CAPEX. So, our CAPEX is very much limited 
and there is very good visibility for the next 5 years forward with the 
customer and it is a very popular powertrain product with one of the world 

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
leading powertrain manufacturers. That is a very good line for us. That 
would be very sizable but I see that production here will continue and may 
be this may be used for the global hub and the future, we hope so at least 
is only a wishful thinking but we see other manufacturers from Japan who 
are making India as a global hub for the diesel engines especially for 
pickup trucks, small pickup trucks for the African market which is still at an 
emission level 1-2-3. And even also tractor manufacturers are increasing 
their exports from India to African countries because they are still basic at 
the emission level 1 and 2 totally or zero emission I would say. So, the 
manufacturing on the powertrain business will continue. Your first part of 
the question aluminium there is no problem about aluminium availability. 
It is only the fluctuating price and uncertainty in shipment, delay and for 
whatever may be raw materials coming in. Earlier it was also some 
commodities like, surprisingly silicon, which went three times more for a 
short period just like some of the other manganese say for the casting 
business. Of course, we are not impacted by the manganese. We don’t 
see any issue there on the availability but now one point we need to take 
into consideration is the FOREX. Rupee has been depreciating a little now 
and that will have an impact on the import of the basic raw material or the 
ingots either way so we will see some inflation but I think aluminium has 
been decently steady in the last 2-3 months. The overall consumption of 
aluminium has not been great all over the world so we feel it will be quite 
stable going forward. We don’t see it inflationary. 
 
T. S. Vijay Sarthy: 
Another follow-up question on this 2-liter diesel. Does that spread your 
wings to some of these commercial vehicles also given that it could be a 
key component across the segments within the truck, that is one? Second 
is there any way that you could help us understand the number, 
quantification in terms of the size and all that? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
We are talking to for various orders for the trucks also for the engines for 
fully finished blocks and heads totally. The reason being that the variety is 
becoming more in the market here. You will see the trucks are having now 
16-18 wheels, 24 wheels, something like this so the number of axles are 
also more. So, we see that migration and the volume, the number of 
powertrain requirements variety is also increasing. So, we are getting good 
enquiries as we are the only manufacturer who can machine these 
powertrain products to the required precision for BS-VI. We see good 
opportunity. 
 
T. S. Vijay Sarthy: 
This is over and above the peak revenue of Rs. 1,500 Crores that you 
would do in automotives trucks were to grow. Am I right or this order is 
part of the Rs. 1,500 Crores? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, we have been the top line of Rs. 1,150 Crores in the last year and we 
expect to grow a minimum of 20% this year and as things stand, we also 
expect that to continue that 20% level for at least the next 2-3 years then 
it should moderate. There will be some loss of some business but there is 
some additional business so it should moderate at around 10% growth. 

 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
T. S. Vijay Sarthy: 
What is the under recovery in the cost that you had to take up now and 
given that the raw the material price have just gone up in the last 2 months, 
that we will see an impact while there not be still part of the consumption 
basket but whatever is the under recovery that we have till now could you 
help us quantify and therefore the impact that we will see in the first half?  
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, auto powertrain we don’t have under recovery or over recovery 
because it’s a straight pass through so it is in contract with the customer 
and in this case our esteemed supply partner, very clearly and in some of 
the cases only job work where we don’t even buy the material. So, we are 
not exposed there at all. Aluminium it is more on the real terms now. All 
the manufacturers have moved into this method where it doesn’t hurt the 
supplier. 
 
T. S. Vijay Sarthy: 
So is under recovery expected in the industrial business and therefore 
these current margins may not sustain in the medium-term. Is that a fair 
assumption or? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, there is no under recovery as of today. We had under recovery for the 
auto aluminium business last year but we don’t have any under recovery 
for the auto aluminium business. Industrial engineering business we are 
yet to pass through the increases for the high-end product supposedly 
manufacturing and storage it is, at least on Q4 it is real time now more or 
less. So, I don’t see any under recovery going forward. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amyn Pirani from J. P. Morgan. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
First of all, just wanted to re-visit some commentary you made in tractors. 
I think I was not able to fully follow. You said that farm equipment or 
tractors is around 8% of your revenues? 
 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
no, passenger vehicles. Passenger vehicles is 8%, farm will be 18% I think 
so. Construction equipment is around 20%. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
18% to 20%? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I will read out the numbers for FY22. The commercial vehicle top line was 
₹620 Crores, off-highway was to ₹232 Crores , passenger vehicles ₹97 
Crores, farm equipment was ₹206 Crores. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
You were also mentioning that while 4Q was a weak quarter in terms of 
the OEM requirements from the farm side but you have seen a sequential 
recovery in 1Q? Is that correct? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, everybody’s numbers for the month of May projections are quite high. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Isn’t a seasonal thing or you are seeing over and above that, you are 
seeing a strength in the ordering? 

 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
It is seasonal, agreed. I don’t see anything apart from the seasonal but 
exports are little steady. As I mentioned almost everybody is getting into 
exports to Africa. The baseline is improving. 10% of the revenue now is 
coming from exports and this is likely to increase going forward. Once the 
construction sector sees some rebound the tractors sale will increase. So 
that is also going to be used for non-agri segment also. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Just on the cost side, obviously there has been a lot of discussion around 
commodity prices and pass through but just wanted to get a sense from 
you; are you seeing a high inflation in non-commodity related expenses 
for you and especially on the power side? And the second part of the 
question is given the kind of noise that we are hearing on coal availability 
and power shortage and power cuts; as a company have you faced any 
issues on that front or do you anticipate any issues either on power 
availability or power cost going forward? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I will answer that in two parts. First, I will answer the power and second, I 
will answer the other inflationary cost which we already have faced in the 
past year itself, that is one of the reasons some of the performance, we 
are not happy with the performance because we had these impacts. There 
is power outages in the North wherever we are having the plants as well 
as in the West. And these outages are little disturbing because it is 
stopping the production also in a way. It is not the planned outage so this 
is a problem. And today power cost per unit which is around Rs. 7-8 a unit 
when we are getting it from the state utilities or we are buying from the 
exchange or we have some contracts with the private power producers. 
When we generate power with our generating engines, the power cost is 
coming to around Rs. 35 because it is 2.8 units per liter of diesel. Then we 
talk about diesel cost more than Rs. 100 then gas means not all the plants 
are connected to the gas pipeline so we are now changing to gas. But 
overall, our power cost for the company as a whole, on the top line, it’s 
around 5% and on the value addition portion of it, it may be close to around 
9%-10% is what my rough estimate is. The 9%-10% I think on the value 
addition will increase surely going forward. So, it may shave-off to 1 or 2 
EBITDA level and percentage points but better capacity utilization and 
topline growth will have led to better overheads absorption and that should 
more than nullify that. I will come to the elephant in the room. Elephant in 
the room is not the power for us, it is not the commodity for us. The 
commodity is anyway level playing segment for everybody in the market 
whether it is delayed or something, everything will fall in place. I think the 
elephant in the room for every company, most of the companies like us 
will be on the manufacturing cost related to manpower which they are 
seeing for 20%-30% inflation once the annual report is published you will 
see the numbers would have gone up by 20% on the manpower related 
expenses. This is one of the reasons which was I was little guarded or 
reserved while talking about CAPEXs. We are reserving some of the 
CAPEX as in the last year and the current year also for modernization as 
well as semi automation or automation which we build such products 
ourselves. So, we are keeping a keen eye on the cost of people. We need 

 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
to give them the proper salary increase. So, we have to compensate not 
only for inflation, but also, we have to see them growing. So, we cannot 
have increased headcount. The means the 20%-30% growth what we are 
planning has to come from with the same amount of people. This means 
that we have to rethink a little, which we've been always conscious about. 
Today on our value addition, the manpower costs are quite significant. It 
is around close to 18%-20%, I would say on the value addition. No point 
in talking about the top line to manpower cost because top line can be 
anything because of the commodity price. We are cognizant of the fact 
that we have to work on this. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll move on to the next question that is from the line of Vishal Srivastav 
from Swan Investments. 
 
Vishal Srivastav: 
Most of the questions have got answered. I have one question regarding 
CAPEX you said that it will be around Rs. 215-220 Crores odd for FY23? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, I will. If you're looking at a 20%-25% growth, it will be at that level. 
Suppose we are revising the growth number then we may come back to 
you at or after in during the Q2 earnings call. If there is anything 
dramatically changing. 
 
Vishal Srivastav: 
My second question is regarding the most sustainable run rate for the 
aluminium product business. Are we anywhere targeting, our earlier 
targets were around 10% to 12%? Are you seeing that sort of achievable 
in the near future? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, we are getting orders for higher tonnage presses what we have which 
are a non-two-wheeler business, which is a better revenue and also a little 
intricate machining, number two and also another segments of the auto-
powertrain like gravity die-casting and low-pressure die-casting we are 
also getting some new businesses which are not CAPEX intensive but 
there is also our skill level there is and we have a more than 20-year history 
in there. We will continue to do well on the auto aluminium. I think this with 
the EV opening up, it's becoming more important I would say.  
 
Vishal Srivastav: 
Going forward, from a 2-year perspective what is your target for auto 
aluminium product business in terms of margin? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
See we are talking about the operating leverage to set in. When you're 
talking about FY26, I can very confidently say the top line should be in the 
region of Rs. 1,000 Crores, that is very clear. The FY25 depends on how 
the economy moves, what happens in rest of the world. We are seeing 
frequent headwinds coming in. Whenever the operating leverage when 
you cross the 70% level of the utilization level, I think the margins are said 
to improve. I will just take one more sentence added to that. We are the 
last entrant, major entrant in the auto aluminium business. That has to be 
taken. In spite of that we have performed. Now with the turbulence in the 
market for the new products coming in from almost all the PVs, this will 

 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
change the game going forward as we may get new customers in our fold. 
That is what we expect. 
 
Vishal Srivastav: 
At Rs. 1,000 Crores revenue by FY26 which you are expecting. Can we 
be near the EBITDA margin of close to around 15%-16% odd? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
The aluminium prices may even change the top line to say Rs. 1,100 or 
1,200 or 900 if the aluminium prices drops. I would rather talk about the 
return of capital employed which will be very close to 15%, above 15% 
and more close to 20% is what I would look at. And EBIT margins also at 
a good two-digit. The EBITDA is a little risky for me to talk about than 
compared to the top line. 
 
Vishal Srivastav: 
My last question is regarding there has been increasing trend of other 
expenditure in your P&L. This quarter also Rs. 133 Crores odd compared 
to last quarter Rs. 119 Crores odd and it has been sequentially rising. Any 
important highlights you want to share? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
It's still proportional to the sales  
 
Vishal Srivastav: 
I wanted to know is there any one-offs here or this is the sustainable run 
rate as a percentage to net sales?  
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
You're looking net sales right? If you're looking net sales, yes there is 
inflation on the manpower cost which is going to be there very clearly. You 
compared to the value addition, the net sales, then I think it’ll be in line. 
There's no one off there.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Disha Sheth from Anvil Investments.  
 
Disha Sheth: 
I wanted to ask that if we are concentrating on auto aluminium business. 
That will not reduce the overall margins of the company as powertrain has 
a very high margin and the growth in powertrain is lesser than growth in 
auto aluminium. I would just want your view on that? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Auto powertrain if we look at it, we have invested long back or from we 
started the investment in 2004. So, we have net assets, the amount of 
depreciation level is quite low. Whereas the auto aluminium is quite young. 
That is why you see that as the margins are lower but with better operating 
leverage auto aluminium also will pick up the margins and that is very clear 
and more segments will grow. I don't see one segment are not growing at 
all. 
 
Disha Sheth: 
Auto aluminium margins once the business grows margins are same as 
auto powertrain? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
On the value addition. You have to knock off the material cost then look at 
the value addition. I think the margins will be same. 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Disha Sheth: 
Just a repeat question. You mentioned that Daimler there was some Rs. 
760 Crores of revenue in FY22, right? Did I get it right?  
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No. 
 
Disha Sheth: 
I had just missed that. You mentioned something. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I don't want to talk about numbers of customer revenue which as I 
mentioned. I talked about ₹760 Crores for the company as a value addition 
post of it and I said that Daimler constitutes to around slightly above two-
digit on that revenue, on the value addition.  
 
Disha Sheth: 
What is your view on CV going forward and the CV replacement both OE 
& replacement and your view from powertrain?  
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
See the scrappage policy is a natural phenomenon which is already 
happening. We don't see a 15-year-old truck running on the highway 
because it is sub-economical to run it, that is also unreliable. The 
powertrain life is, with the increased axle load norms of the government to 
make it more efficient. I think the powertrain life is only around 6,00,000 
kilometers and today good fleet operators are operating an average of 
around 500-600 kilometers a day. Within 4 years I think the vehicle needs 
replacement and the vehicle needs to go for secondary use where it will 
take bulk cargo but not the heavy cargo. So, this modernization will 
continue. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky 
Investments.  
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Two clarification. The mix that you mentioned PV, farm, construction that 
was for powertrain, right? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, for powertrain. We didn't talk about EV at all. We talked about 
commercial vehicles.  
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
You mentioned that, you said commercial vehicles, construction 
equipment, farm equipment and passenger cars you mentioned 95 
Crores? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, passenger car we would have mentioned Rs. 95 Crores, yes. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
My second question is when you were mentioning the capacity and the 
utilization, you mentioned that we can do Rs. 300 Crores per month. That's 
about Rs. 3,600 Crores. On the contrary, the aluminium die-cast business 
you can do about Rs. 1,000 Crores which you are any case running at 
about 440. That's how we should look at your capacity construct? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No that requires a little investment. I think our current capacity utilization 
for the year is 55%-60% I would say. 

 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, which means that bulk of your extra capacity is in aluminium diecast 
only and the margin expansion in aluminium diecast is a function of the 
operating leverage? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, operating leverage and the new products from the powertrain 
segment. We have to move away from the two-wheeler segment. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
If you have to grow at 20% in which obviously powertrain must also be 
growing at that rate; do you need any capacity creation in powertrain or 
you have that for the growth? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
See the capacity creation on powertrain maybe marginal but the bulk of 
the assets going out of end of use life, book value becoming zero, I think 
as a company itself we are having Rs. 150 Crores-Rs. 200 Crores going 
forward from the next year. In the overall depreciation of around Rs. 200-
220 Crores in FY23, which is what we estimated. FY24 is also the 
depreciation same but around Rs. 130 Crores or Rs. 150 Crores our 
assets are more than coming at the 15 years old. We will continue to use 
assets but at a 20-year-old point we have to look at the effectiveness of 
utilization whether to replace them. So, the modernization will continue. I 
would say capacity expansion will be smaller. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So that Rs. 250 Crores of CAPEX will support your growth or you need 
some extra money to be invested in powertrain over and above the 
depreciation number which you are mentioning of Rs. 220-250 Crores? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
The minute we cross in any quarter the Rs. 750 Crores number then we 
have to plan for CAPEX only at down the line because our capacity 
utilization as a company itself will come to around 75%-80% then in that 
growth trajectory we have to see where is the bottlenecks on capacity. 
That is why I mentioned that we have to see are we touching any particular 
month closer to the Rs. 300 Crores capacity what we have. Even when we 
may be touching a lower number, one segment maybe touching the 
capacity level at some particular point of time. Mainly I'm talking about the 
auto powertrain or auto aluminium, industrial engineering doesn't require 
much of CAPEX.  
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
That CAPEX will be over and above the 220-250 which you're mentioning 
as of now in the call?  
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, we are looking at a 20%-25% growth with the CAPEX of around the 
same as the depreciation level. So, from a 2,200 we are talking about the 
Rs. 2,700 Crores-2,600 Crores with these CAPEX. Suppose in Q4 or 
something like that we do much more, we may require CAPEX. I'm not 
sure about it as of today. We'll try to manage but I would say I don't want 
to lose any orders because of some capacity constraint in some particular 
area but that will, it will be an outlier I would say. Let us see the how the 
market goes.  
 

 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So just to be very clear at 20% growth, including the end of life of your 
machine, including the depreciated machine; if you have to grow 20% at 
the total business level you need Rs. 220 to 250 Crores of CAPEX. If for 
any reason you have more business flowing in and your capacity utilization 
hits above 75% that Rs. 750 Crores of revenues, then you need a more 
CAPEX over and above 220-250. Is that interpretation, correct? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Perfect, right. I will add one more variable to that matter. There may be 
new segments where we are not present that also may entail CAPEX if it 
is so lucrative, that’s all. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Priyank Chheda from Standard 
Chartered Securities.  
 
Priyank Chheda: 
I just wanted to again clarify on the capital allocation part. This year we 
are planning to grow in the northward of 20%-25%. Our cash flows, we will 
be generating more than Rs. 400 Crores. And of that we just require Rs. 
200 Crores in CAPEX and maybe Rs. 100 Crores around that. What would 
we the capital allocation part? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
The capital allocation will be across all the three segments in the same 
proportion as the revenue. That far more or less balanced with maybe from 
one quarter to another quarter maybe little change; for the full year it will 
be the same. Maybe it'll be in proportion with the revenue. Second point is 
our gross block which was restated after Ind-As is actually around Rs. 
2,700 Crores something like this, Rs. 2,800 Crores because when we 
moved to Ind-As the net block became the gross block. That is way you 
see a lower number. Rs. 2,800 Crores means just for look at depreciation 
portion, that’s why our depreciation is very high Rs. 220 Crores. We just 
need Rs. 200 Crores to keep the equipment going in a way but we are 
using part of that for replacing the assets and part of it we are using for 
growth capacity and part of it we are using for new avenues for business. 
That is how we are allocating the capital. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Srinivasan Ravi, Chairman and Managing 
Director for his closing comments. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Thank you everybody for participating. It was a very lively discussion and 
as usual I have a lot of inputs from your side and as a company, we will 
be very transparent going forward and look forward to meeting you all 
again after the Q1 results. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Craftsman Automation 
Limited, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
 
_________________________________________________________________________________ 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes) 
