VOLTAS 
13" May. 2022 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza 
Dalal Street 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 001 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call pertaining to Financial Results 
Further to our letter dated 5" May, 2022, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of 
the 
Analysts/Investors 
Call 
on 
the 
Audited 
Financial 
Results 
(Standalone 
and 
Consolidated) for the quarter and year ended 31‘ March, 2022 held on 9"" May, 2022. 
2. 
The 
same 
is 
also’ 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://www.voltas.com/images/Investor/schedule-announcements/download/Voltas Q4FY22 
Earnings Call Transcript.pdf 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
VOLTAS LIMITED 
Bie 
(Vv. P, MALHOTRA) 
Vice President - Taxation, 
Legal & Company Secretary 
VOLTAS LIMITED 
Corporate Management Office 
Registered Office Voltas House ‘A’ Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Road Chinchpokli Mumbai 400 033 
Tel 91 22 66656251 66656258 Fax 91 22 66656311 e-mail vpmalhotra@voltas.com website www.voltas.com 
Corporate Identity Number L29308MH1954PLC009371 
A ‘TATA Enterprise

VOLTAS 
“Voltas Limited Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 09, 2022 
Vi OLTAS 
@icici securities 
‘°' a 
** 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. JITENDER VERMA — EVP & CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, VOLTAS LIMITED. 
MR. MANISH DESAI— HEAD (CORPORATE FINANCE), 
VOLTAS LIMITED. 
MR. VAIBHAV VORA — MANAGER, CORPORATE 
FINANCE, VOLTAS LIMITED. 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANIRUDDHA JOSHI — ICICI SECURITIES 
Page 
1 of 18

VOLTAS 
Moderator: 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Jitender Verma: 
Voltas Limited 
May 09, 2022 
Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call hosted by 
ICICI Securities. 
As 
a reminder, 
all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode. And that will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch- 
tone phone. Please note that this conference 1s being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. Thank you. And 
over to you, sir. 
On behalf of ICICI Securities we welcome you all Q4FY22 Results Conference Call of Voltas 
Limited. We have with us Mr. Jitender Verma - EVP and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Manish 
Desai — Head of Corporate Finance and Mr. Vaibhav — Manager, Corporate Finance. 
Now I hand over the call to the Management for the initial remarks and presentation on Q4FY22 
performance, and then we will open the floor for question and answer. Thanks. And over to you, 
sir. 
A warm welcome to everyone good morning. 
For Voltas, the start of Quarter 4 was anticipated to give glimmers of prosperity and growth. 
However, the beginning of new year came up with its own challenges as India and the world 
were accelerating vaccination drive to overcome the pandemic another variant came up as a 
surprise, differing the efforts with the apprehension of more severity than earlier variant and cost 
impact on the economy and health. The extended vaccination had reduced the impact of this 
third wave considerably, both on the health and economic across countries. 
As the economic activities were returning to normalization, the world economy received other 
jolt caused by geopolitical tensions between Russia and Ukraine, causing disturbance and 
economic activity. The invasion has a spiral impact on the commodity prices. Global economic 
prospects have worsen amidst disruption in supply chain and due to imposition of various 
sanctions on Russia. Global economy now is on the edge of uncertainties arising from the 
ongoing geopolitical conflicts reflected in global commodity prices including crude prices, 
differential pace of monetary policy normalization amidst persistence of inflation at higher levels 
globally. 
Supply disruptions emanating 
from China's zero COVID 
policy and 
resultant 
restrictions on activities will be weighing on prices and growth of the economy. 
For India, all these factors have paused a speedy economic recovery and cost worry given the 
elevated global trade deficit. The balance of payments is also expected to shift given the global 
monetary policies especially that of the U.S. Fed. IMF under the set unsettling issues and revised 
it's grown forecast downwards from 4.4% to 3.6% for the world and from 9% to 8.2% for India. 
Page 2 of 18

VOLTAS 
Voltas Limited 
May 09, 2022 
In the early months of COVID wave, extended winter and increased input cost have impacted 
financial results during this quarter. Our Unitary Cooling products segment reported a revenue 
of Rs. 1,818 crores while Project Business reported a revenue of Rs. 692 crores and the 
Engineering product segment reported a turnover of Rs. 124 crores. 
Our consolidated total income for Q4FY 22 was Rs. 2,704 crores as against Rs. 2,683 crores in 
Quarter 4 last year. Profit before tax was Rs. 247 crores as compared to Rs. 321 crores in the 
corresponding quarter last year. Profit after tax was Rs. 183 crores versus Rs. 239 crores in the 
previous year. Earnings per share not annualized for the quarter ended 31% March 22 stood at 
Rs. 5.52 against Rs. 7.18 reported for the year. 
For the year ended 31% March 2022 the consolidated total income was higher by 5% at Rs. 8,124 
crores as compared to Rs. 7,745 crores. Profit before tax was at Rs. 697 crores as compared to 
Rs. 709 crores in the corresponding period last year. Profit after tax was reported at Rs. 506 
crores as compared to Rs. 529 crores in the corresponding period last year. EPS for the financial 
year ended 31st March 2022 was Rs. 15.23 as compared to Rs. 15.87 last year. 
The corporate balance sheet continues to remain healthy with minimal borrowings for our 
overseas operations. While operational cash flow during the initial part of the year had been 
relatively weak due to loss of cooling product sales, given the COVID induced lockdown. 
However, revival of economy thereafter and pent-up demand for the cooling product towards 
the end of the quarter helped generate surplus cash on our balance sheet. As at the yearend cash 
and cash equivalents in our books stood at Rs. 2,835 crores as against Rs. 2,465 crores in the 
previous year. 
You all must have seen our snapshot of our results. So, 
I will not be delving more into those 
numbers. I will go segment-by-segment. 
Segment A-UCP 
Quarter 4 and Quarter 1 ofa financial year are considered to be the strongest quarter for the year 
because of the seasonality. However, the segment witnessed lockdown and restrictions for 
operations since last two years. Despite the fact and the hopes that this year would be clear of 
COVID and the industry will be able to bank on full season Omicron at the start of the year 
dampened the hopes amongst the trade. Extended winters in the initial months of the quarter, 
and increased prices of cooling products has further impacted sentiments of the channel partners 
and thereby the primary sales. 
Under the shadows of dampened demand and high inflation owing to geopolitical conflict, a start 
of severe summers across length and breadth of the country brought cooling products in high 
demand. Riding on this demand the quarter has seen improved value growth over the previous 
year resulting into restricted degrowth for the Quarter 4. 
Page 3 of 18

VOLTAS 
Voltas Limited 
May 09, 2022 
Unitary Cooling Segment reported revenue of Rs. 1,818 crores Rs. 1,655 crores representing a 
10% increase over the corresponding quarter of the previous year. However divisional bottom- 
line has been impacted amidst increasing input costs, disruptive pricing by the competition and 
resistance by the trade on price increase. These factors resulted for decline in segment the EBIT 
by 26% from Rs. 261 crores to Rs. 192 crores. Nevertheless, our focus on product placement, 
trust amongst the general partners and the value proposition has helped us register overall 
volume growth for the full year. 
Our focus on the Inverter subcategory with competitive pricing and larger number of SKUs 
continue to favor. Inverter category witnessed a good traction with the customers and now 
contributes over 75% of all AC sold by us compared to 70% for the similar period in the previous 
year. Voltas continued its leadership in RAC category, the Room Air Conditioner category, with 
the year-to-date market share of 23.4% as of March ’22. 
To enhance our reach, and to provide a customer first experience, Experience Zone for Voltas 
and Voltas Beko product has been launched in Mumbai during this quarter. In addition to it we 
have continued with our expansion in Exclusive Brand Outlets which has reached over 200 
outlets. And we aim to expand further buy additional 50 outlets during the year. These will 
provide an enriched experience to our consumers with the complete product range along with 
attractive and differentiated consumer offer. 
The Commercial Refrigeration vertical has delivered yet another year of growth and even 
surpassed volume of pre-COVID period. Growth in commercial refrigerator products has driven 
by expansion of mom & pop stores, change in food habits largely driven by beverages and ice 
cream products in Tier-III and Tier-IV cities and higher participation from OEM engaged in 
chocolate, beverages, and ice cream products. 
In the Air Cooler category, limited window of sale and washout of season in the early months 
of the year resulted in piling of inventories at the channel partner end. However, heatwave during 
Quarter 4 has picked up demand for this economically cooling product. At the present in all 
subcategories of the air cooler balanced SKUs with competitive consumer pricing and expansion 
of channel network has resulted in brands increasing its year-to-date January ‘22 market share 
to 12%. 
We are happy to report that our Commercial Air Conditioning business has done well even in 
these uncertain times. Opening of commercial places and focus on retrofit jobs along with 
retention of the customer with attractive after sale offering has resulted in the overall value 
growth for the quarter and full year under review. 
Business took, various cost reduction initiatives and value engineering processes to offset 
increased input costs and thereby mitigated risk partially on the margin. 
Segment B — Electromechanical Projects and Services 
Page 4 of 18

VOLTAS 
Voltas Limited 
May 09, 2022 
The segment revenue reduced to Rs. 692 crores as compared to the previous corresponding 
quarter of Rs. 875 crores primarily owing to a low carry forward order and reaching to the 
completion stage for major projects during the year. Segment results during the quarter showed 
a positive momentum. The EBIT percentage to revenue increased from 6.46% to 6.88%. The 
carry forward order book of this segment stood at Rs. 5,360 crores. 
Over Rs. 2,000 crores of fresh orders were added across both domestic and international markets. 
The carry forward order book for domestic projects at Rs. 3,638 crores contain a bouquet of 
orders across Water, HVAC, Rural Electrification and Uran Infra activities. The international 
order book stood at Rs. 1,722 crores. 
Better and timely execution 
of projects coupled with 
a healthy project mix has driven 
performance of Project Business during the quarter. The division has not been spared by the 
increased commodity prices. However, a sensible negotiation with the customers and suppliers 
have mitigated the impact to certain extent. The focus on the work certification and collection 
has improved cash flow and thereby the return on capital employed while comparing with 
previous year. 
Meanwhile, the increase in global oil prices, lifting of COVID related distinction and focus of 
the government on the infrastructure development should improve business sentiment and open 
up further opportunities in our operating markets. We will continue with our strategy of picking 
up healthy orders, which will help in delivering a consistent and sustainable performance and 
minimal risk. 
Segment C — Engineering Products and Services 
The segment's revenue and results for the quarter we are at Rs. 124 crores and Rs. 41 crores, 
respectively. Both our Mozambique and Indian operations have contributed towards improved 
performance on the back of the revival of the crushing and screening equipment and renewal of 
the maintenance and repair contracts with customers. Growing yarn exports, high demand for 
capital machinery both in spinning and post spinning and a well-defined approach on improving 
after sales business resulted in positive performance during the period. 
Price increase by principals and supply chain related disruptions continue to pose challenges. 
Overall, textile sector is expected to perform better given the PLI announcement and various 
other initiatives directed towards growth for this sector. 
Voltas Beko 
For Voltas Beko in the short tenure of close to three years the Voltbek brand has crossed an 
important milestone of 1 million units in the year, and thereby becoming one of the first brands 
to reach this landmark. Cumulatively the brand has sold 2 million units. Wherein the first 
1 
million units took two years and the next 1 million has been achieved in these 12 months. 
Page 5 of 18

VOLTAS 
Moderator: 
Bhoomika: 
Voltas Limited 
May 09, 2022 
The product enhancements is based on consumer insights, delivering a quality product at an 
affordable price. With the objective of localization manufacturing facility has been expanded to 
frost free refrigerator and fully automatic top loaded washing machine at Sanand factory during 
the year. The production at the factory has also crossed 
1 million units with better productivity 
and higher quality. This initiative of in-house manufacturing has helped the brand to introduce 
more customer centric products, overcome supply chain disruptions, optimizing working capital 
and other cost savings associated with it. 
The brand continues its journey towards better market share, and it bodes well for its target of 
reaching market share of 10% by the year 2025. The recently conducted Brand Track Study 
shows the group scoring brand awareness among consumers and higher recommendation as 
compared to the few incumbent players in the industry. Lower penetration in the market strength 
of the joint venture partners and accelerated expansion of reach will favor the Voltbek brands to 
achieve its prime objective in a time bound manner. 
Qutlook 
As the outlook goes hot weather will certainly help the cooling products to have an exponential 
growth after two seasons of wash out due to COVID. And with this positive demand and 
increased input costs, fragmented market and disruptive pricing by the competition will of course 
have its impact on the margin. However, presence of large number of SKUs in the growing 
inverter category, focus on the weak market, improving weighted average distribution and 
sensible price management shall help the Voltas brand to perform better than industry and 
thereby gain market share. 
In case of Projects business, completion of most of the running projects and internal policy of 
margin recognition in the initial phase of the project will affect the financials in the near term. 
However, a completion of business division, a higher allocation towards infrastructure spend in 
domestic market and improved opportunities in the overseas market should help us in overall 
performance for the year as we move forward. 
In difficult times, such as these the resilience of our brand, the strength of our balance sheet, the 
competence of our time-tested systems and the capability of our people provides a definite 
measure of confidence. We remain optimistic. 
Thanks. 
I will be ending my introduction at this stage and pass it on for further Question and 
Answers. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The 
first one questions on the line of Bhoomika from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Just wanted to understand that after a long period of time, we are seeing some market share loss, 
because as you mentioned in your press release and in your opening remarks that we have a 
market share of 23.4% as on March ’22 versus last year 25.6%. So, what has driven this market 
Page 6 of 18

VOLTAS 
Jitender Verma: 
Bhoomika: 
Manish Desai: 
Voltas Limited 
May 09, 2022 
share loss in the last two months, like we understand that there has always been a competitive 
intensity in the market, but if you can just talk about that? 
And #2 if you can talk about the price hikes that we have taken in FY22 and any further price 
hike that we have taken in the month of April, May? 
I think you are right in assessing that there has seen a drop of Voltas market share, and it's very 
evident. However, in this period when we look at the month of January, February, March, the 
summer, specifically comes in the market of South zone. And it is also a known fact that for 
Voltas, our major strengths are in the other zones, though, we cover all the national market across 
the country. 
And in the Southern market, when we look at the price disruption by the other players has 
contributed in this fall of the market share. And as we would move into the later part of the 
summer months, the expectations are quite positive, that the market share would be maintained. 
On the price hikes, we have taken price hikes in the month of January, in the beginning. However 
there is a time lag between the input cost and also for other competitors to take those price hikes. 
We will have to further analyze at what level of inventory and numbers they were sitting at, 
when they entered the Quarter 4 which we will not be able to answer at this moment. And 
depending on that some of the players have not taken the price hikes and that's where we are 
seeing the disruption to a certain extent. 
For us, we still continue to see the cost increases, as we are all seeing on the commodity side, 
which increase our input costs. And if these costs continue to increase, as we go into the month, 
we will have to go for cost push price increases. Other than that, we don't see any reason. And 
whenever there is a decline on the input costs, we would be even willing to go down to be 
reasonable and fair to our consumers. So, we are being very cautious or rather judicious on that 
aspect of price increases. 
Just a follow-up on this, what would have been the price hike we would have taken in Jan, which 
got implemented through the quarter or this quarter now. And with this price hike and given that 
the other peers have not increased their prices to a similar level or maybe lower. What is the 
price gap that is there in the market today between Voltas and some of the other key competitors? 
Bhoomika, just to that, if I take the full financial year, probably the price hike will be in the 
range of 12% to 15%. You can say in terms of the effective utilization the period will be close 
to one to two months gap, before the increased price gets billed to the channel partner. 
Now having said that knowing the fragmented market, each player is trying to find out a place 
for his market to gain and to have the presence over there. And because of which it is extremely 
difficult to see which market, which players are playing on the price or on the other side. But 
our analysis is that what Mr. Verma rightly said a few minutes back that South where we have 
find some kind of more disruptions, generally because of the early setting of summer over there, 
Page 7 of 18

VOLTAS 
Moderator: 
Vishal Biraia: 
Jitender Verma: 
Vishal Biraia: 
Jitender Verma: 
Voltas Limited 
May 09, 2022 
where we have lost some of the market share. And to overcome that we have also done some 
corrective actions, to ensure that we sustain and maintain our leadership across all regions. 
So, in terms of price gap between us and the competition, I would still say 2% to 2.5% could be 
the easy cakewalk, if I look some of the selective markets, but to get All India average price and 
all, knowing the fragmented market and the players working in different strategies, it will be 
difficult to quantify off hand. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Biraia from Max Life. Please go ahead. 
Could you elaborate a bit more as to what could be our exit market share in March of ’22, and 
when you say you have taken corrective actions, so what are these corrective actions, and what 
and how much time do you expect to recoup the market share? 
For our exit market share we are somewhere close to 18.5% but having the lead in the earlier 
periods of the year, the market share YTD reported 23.4%. And these are the external data being 
done by the external agencies. And we normally follow that given the status and the one uniform 
agencies carrying out this kind of market share collection of the data. 
Now, having said that, on the cost actions during the season time we come out with various 
schemes and initiatives directed towards the channel partners and the consumers and more such 
actions requires where we are seeing price disruptions or where we are seeing the other way 
around where the demand 1s very high, and the manufacturer or market is running short of the 
products. 
So, all in all, there are certain initiatives like aggressive consumer subvention scheme, taking 
advantage of the lower borrowing cost today which is prevailing in the market, you have a 
subsidized installation scheme directed towards consumer, giving the off-shelf schemes to the 
channel partners, there are various initiatives, 
I would not like to elaborate more on this front. 
But there are various tactics and tools the brands are having today on the shop floor, to play 
around to ensure that the confidence and the shelf life which we desire to have it along with the 
channel partner. 
Has there been any change in competitive intensity when you moved to March to April and May, 
or does it continue to be as severe, as intense, as 1t was in Feb and March? 
I would say that if I take the summer period which is Feb to June, knowing the demographics of 
India, we have early summer that starts in the South, extended to West, East, and North. So, as 
we move forward, given our strong presence in the North region, we are hopeful that we will be 
able to overcome this market share drop, 
I would say a matrix. And would go back to our old 
market share kind of leadership what we used to have. We are still leader in terms of the exit 
market share however, the gap has been reduced over the second player, which probably we will 
catch it up once we complete or exit the season at the end of June, July. 
Page 8 of 18

VOLTAS 
Vishal Biraia: 
Jitender Verma: 
Moderator: 
Ankur Sharma: 
Jitender Verma: 
Ankur Sharma: 
Voltas Limited 
May 09, 2022 
And just one follow-up on the same point is that some of your peers have focused on mass- 
market products, whereas we may be on the mass-premium site. So, is it that the downtrading in 
this few months has increased and that has contributed as well to the loss of market share for us? 
I would say other way around given the under penetrated market, probably the larger and all 
categories or the old Top 8 players, are eyeing for a mass affordable kind of product. You have 
the premium category and then premium generally categorized as a 5 Star, and when you are 
looking for a higher tonnage, because otherwise you won't be able to differentiate as such, the 
normal or the mass product, vis-a-vis, a premium one. 
Yes, our focus is also there on increasing our market share on a 2 Ton 5 Star category which we 
are proud to inform you that we have done a better over there in the last three- or four-months’ 
timeframe and increased our sub-segment market share over there. More is needed to do that 
and we will be definitely focusing upon that, to improve or to balance the market in terms of 
premium as well as the mass production based on the consumer needs. 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question that is from the line of Ankur Sharma from 
HDFC Standard Life Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Just harping back on the share lost on the AC side. So, as you highlighted coming mostly in the 
Southern part of the country. So, 
is it just that you have seen more competition, disruptive 
pricing, was that the only reason and you clearly did not want to match those prices or was it 
also some element of supply chain issues, some shipments from China etc. also kind of hurting 
your share in the South. 
Ankur, if I look, even though when we talk about South, the South comprises of four major 
regions Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh, we are relatively strong in Andhra 
Pradesh and Karnataka where we have seen more disruption ts largely in Tamil Nadu and Kerala 
market, where we have seen this market being largely driven by the organized and regional 
retailers, where the ask on the price is generally on a higher side. This is where our deep analysis 
showing that some actions which we have taken on the spot, albeit in the later part of the quarter, 
but Iam sure that the action team is working on the ground. But this is a prime reason I can say, 
otherwise, in case of East and West, we have sustained or we have actually improved our market 
share over the last comparative year. And in terms of North, we continued our leadership over 
there. And just to add to that, Ankur is that the supply chain from China didn't have any major 
impact in the sale of the product. We didn't feel any shortages or anything like that. 
I just have a very basic question, because if demand is so strong, we are even talking of stock 
outs possibly over the next month or so. Why is it becoming so difficult to pass on price hikes, 
typically, when demand is so strong and having been in the industry for the last 14, 15 years, 
typically price hikes are relatively easy to pass, right? 
Page 9 of 18

VOLTAS 
Jitender Verma: 
Manish Desai: 
Ankur Sharma: 
Manish Desai: 
Moderator: 
Atul Tiwari: 
Jitender Verma: 
Voltas Limited 
May 09, 2022 
When you look at the competition, by way of the product differentiation and as you will 
understand, 
a 2 Ton, 
5 Star market or a 1.5 Ton, 
3 Star market, the product differentiation 
between one brand to the other brand is there, but not a very significant difference. So, in that 
sense when there is a one player, let's say, another competitor, who doesn't increase the prices 
following the Voltas price increases, at that stage for the consumer, if there is a propensity for 
him to move to the other brands, we are trying to study this more in detail. And that's where we 
say that we are taking immediate actions on the ground to come out of this thing. It's mainly 
from the price disruption as it is being seen right now. 
To add more to what Mr. Verma said, Ankur, if you have the fragmented markets and the Top 
20 or Top 10 players are eyeing to capture a market size, in order to get the leverage on the 
volume obviously, you will find that such kind of disruption will take place over there. Some of 
the brands when we said we have increased the price hike of 12% to 15% when you see the other 
brands, probably they would have gone into 
a lower price hike. And 
since the product 
differentiation is not clearly visible on the shelf for the retailer it then all depends upon the kind 
of price competitiveness which is playing around in the ground. 
So, these are the obvious results which we are finding it over there. But having said that, we still 
continue with our policy as objective of balancing both margin as well as market share, because 
we keep saying that the market share you can't bank, but yes the market share also will give you 
in terms of the scale, to leverage some of the cost on which you can ride up on. 
And so the understanding 1s correct that as you said you will take back the loss share by the end 
of the season. And the corrective action would be mostly by matching price cuts of competition. 
Is that how we should look or why incentive, subvention scheme is that the way out or help me 
if I understood this wrong. 
Ankur there are various cards in your hand to play around, depending upon how the market is 
reacting to it. Somewhere we play a price card, somewhere we play the SKU a differentiation, 
somewhere we go for a more consumer directed initiatives rather directly putting price into the 
picture. So, all these tools are available and when you are peak in the season time, all these tools 
can be effectively used to capture whatever you have the objective to attain. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Atul Tiwari from Citi. Please go ahead. 
Just another follow-up question on this market share thing. So, can you comment who are the 
big disruptors in the market, I mean, in terms of whether they are domestic players or MNCs or 
the Chinese players? 
We have seen the, see generally the fight takes place between #1 and #2. Obviously, we have 
seen some of the loss of the market share to LG. And we all know Lloyd become more aggressive 
in this market; probably we don't require to comment anything about the competition. But 
Page 10 of 18

VOLTAS 
Atul Tiwari: 
Manish Desai: 
Moderator: 
Niket Shah: 
Jitender Verma: 
Niket Shah: 
Jitender Verma: 
Voltas Limited 
May 09, 2022 
looking into the volume which they are eyeing to have capture, because of the new factory setup 
and all, and we have seen the results, it’s publicly out, which they have reported a higher loss. 
So, these two players we have lost the market share, coupled with if I go to the Samsung, to a 
certain extent they have a very strong corner in the South, where also helped them to gain market 
share over Voltas. So, these are the three key players 
I would say to whom we have lost the 
market share, all Hitachi, Daikin, and all remain in the same bandwidth where they were there a 
year before. 
And on Voltas Beko, would it be possible to share FY22 revenue, EBITDA, PAT, and the exit 
market share? 
I would say that we can share the data but knowing the confidentiality and all, we wouldn't like 
to put it anyway it is a part of our annual accounts and reports as such. However, let me give 
you the indications, we are very close to a four-digit number as far as the turnover is concerned 
for the Voltbek. And in terms of the exit market share we are inching towards; 
in case of 
refrigerator we are somewhere at 3% to 3.5% and for washing machine we surpassed 4%. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Niket Shah from Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Just two questions. One is that when you send the competition it is very high. So, for example, 
if you are selling at Rs. 100, the competition is selling at what, 1s it 5% cheaper? And is it at a 
price where you can’t match it, otherwise the margins will really collapse. Is that's the way to 
think about? 
See, as I said, we are widely spread in terms of the market, you won't find the price disruption 
or the price difference across all brands in some of the markets which are largely mature or 
which are I would say behaving in a proper way. However, in some of the markets, we have seen 
a difference of almost and as 
I said when 
I say the difference, you won't be able to get the 
difference in the average price index, which has been measured in terms of the end consumers. 
But the specific deals would have been created with the channel partner, in order to ensure to 
get the shelf over there in the counter. So, I would say the average price difference will be close 
to 2.5% to 3%. However, in some of the markets, it may go as high on the 5% side, and some of 
the markets that may go low less than 1%. 
And just to reconfirm what you said earlier, you said that, is my understanding correct that we 
expect our market share to come back to original level by the end of the 1* Quarter or you think 
it needs some more time? 
See when I say we always optimistic in our approach, and many times you find us conservative 
as well, when we give any forward outlook statement. So, in our case, we are working as I said 
we have taken some of the corrective actions, some of the corrective actions we cannot do it 
knowing the margin and the reasonable share you need to have it in your financials. However, 
Page 11 of 18

VOLTAS 
Niket Shah: 
Jitender Verma: 
Moderator: 
Ranjeet: 
Jitender Verma: 
Manish Desai: 
Voltas Limited 
May 09, 2022 
looking into all the possibilities we are comfortable or we are looking forward to regain some of 
the market share which we lost in the last two months. How much and more I would not like to 
quantify as such. We remain conservative and prefer to deliver more than what we give outlook 
to the stakeholders. 
And would it be possible for you to comment on because while on one side there is a significant 
amount of raw material inflation, but on the other side, this year, summers have been extremely 
strong. So, if you are able to show a disproportionate growth then some operating leverage 
should benefit at some sense. So, how should one think about margins for the next step? 
Still you are facing a gap between your increase input cost and the price hike which you 
announce, which means that whatever comes on a volume part we will try to mitigate those kinds 
of gap or bridging those kinds of gaps. So, in terms of margin, we are of the view that industry 
will see some kind of stress on this industry, on this product front. And it will be difficult to 
quantify today at what margin and all, but to go back to double digit of market for the industry 
and for people like us, probably it will take some time. 
I would not like to quantify the period as much. But as I said the efforts will be first to tap upon 
it but knowing the situation in which the industries and inflation is moving and having the period 
of June and July to go on the summer, probably we have to cautiously watch on this position. 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Ranjeet from Mahindra Manulife Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Just wanted to check with you, was there any disruption in terms of supply chain, because we 
have a lot of imports coming from China. So, would you say that there were some issue because 
of that or it's largely because of the pricing only we have lost the share? 
Ranjeet, as we had earlier mentioned on the supply chain front there were no major disruptions. 
We had planned for our supplies for the full season. And there is no disruption on that aspect, 
except for one or two small --, some SKUs where delay was seen because of Shanghai lockdown 
and this and that, but majority of the summer was planned much in advance. And we fairly did 
well, 
And Ranjeet if you recollect in terms of the import as well only few components now remain on 
import source, largely every other components have been localized. So, on that front also the 
mitigation steps which were taken by us, helped us along. As I said there is some kind, we have 
witnessed some kind of delay. But disruption to assign one the supply chain probably 
is 
absolutely no. 
However let put a cautious note on that, we have seen a good amount of growth both in March 
and April. And I would go with the words of the other industry players as well, if you are seeing 
in excess of 100% growth further till June and July, probably the industry will have a complete 
Page 12 of 18

VOLTAS 
Ranjeet: 
Manish Desai: 
Moderator: 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Jitender Verma: 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Jitender Verma: 
Voltas Limited 
May 09, 2022 
stock out season because to have a continuous growth of 100% 1s like achieving something 
which has not been -- 
If I can ask one more like what is our strategy now, like we have seen through this and all this 
price disruptions. So, if you can share like as Voltas how are you going to react to the situation 
if you can whatever you can share? 
Ranjit, we are not seeing this price disruption for the first time. Some of the brands in the past 
also have come, disrupted the price, but it could not continue for a long. 
I am sure each one of 
them are looking into the bottom-line 
as well while furthering the business. 
So, 
it will 
automatically get settled over a period of time. And obviously being a leader in this category, 
the kind of as I said some of the tools which we have, some of the cards which are in our hand 
we will play it at appropriate time to ensure that we remain healthy and leaders both in margin 
as Well as market share. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from Spark Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Can you give a rough breakup of the UCP segment, in terms of revenue between air conditioner 
and non-air conditioning products like air coolers and other products? 
So, if you recollect, Ravi, in the year beginning we have a merged commercial air conditioner 
to UPBG business, aligning on the risk and reward kind of metrics. So, that contributes around 
17% to 18% on the UCP segment. If I remove that, the balance in the cooling product segment, 
we do have close to 80% going towards the Air Conditioner. Commercial refrigerator will have 
around 15% to 17% and rest is, 
I would say the air cooler. Air cooler being a low-cost item, 
although it won't contribute significantly to the turnover, but given the advantage on the, I would 
say on the pricing side and the cost side, it will have a better contribution in the margin. However 
benefit also not been witnessed in the current year because of the pile up inventory at the channel 
partner end due to the washout of two seasons in the past. 
So, with respect to margin for the UCP business, so you had given some kind of comment, so 
just wanted to reconfirm on that, if you are talking about a 10% to 11% margin, we would be 
able to maintain in FY23 or there might be some downside risk to it because of the rawmat 
inflation being seen. 
Ravi, in the today's time it is very difficult to, 
I would say expect the increase input costs. 
Although we have seen softening of the commodity price backed by the lower demand in some 
of the economies. However, we cannot 
still rule out the disruptions and inflation which 
1s 
prevailing in the respective home countries. So, it would be difficult to say, to give any guidance. 
But as we said in the past that we won’t like to be leader only in the market share but continue 
our leadership in the margin as well. And that will be the driving factor for us as we move 
forward. 
Page 13 of 18

VOLTAS 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Manish Desai: 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Manish Desai: 
Moderator: 
Ashish Jain: 
Voltas Limited 
May 09, 2022 
And my last question is with respect to the joint venture with Highly for compressors, can you 
talk about it a bit more. And also the CAPEX plans that we are going to do this year and next 
year. 
Yes, so, if I look from the Highly perspective, although it announced during the silent period, 
so, I could not elaborate more to the investor fraternity. I would say that the Highly compressor, 
the investment which has come keeping in mind, I would say it's a strategic decision. The reason 
behind is because we are not expecting to have the product without compressor being there. And 
compressor 1s a critical product we all know, in the air conditioner product category. It has the 
importance in the refrigerator and the commercial product as well. 
So, in all looking into the availability of the compressor as well as a criticalness in terms of 
having the self-sustainability of this critical component, the decision has been made to invest 
into a backward integration to have the compressor through a joint venture. And the decision to 
go for joint venture is largely driven by the technical skill, and the joint venture partner is among 
the global leader in manufacturing the compressors. And we have done the partnership with 
them for inverter make compressor. So, we are now looking into fixed bid compressor because 
market is expected to decline, as we progress in the next one- or two-years aspect. 
In terms of the overall CAPEX for the plan, both the joint ventures partners put together, will 
have investments around Rs. 250 crores to Rs. 500 crores to be taken in two phases, with the 
capacity of going close to one million units when we complete both the phases. 
And the overall CAPEX that we may end up doing over the next one to two years, including this 
JV. 
I would say that the if I take a midterm task of two to three years because we are committed to 
the PLI as well. And we are in the process of expansion of manufacturing capacity for both, 
RAC, and CR, put together we are not expecting the CAPEX cycle go beyond Rs. 350 crore to 
Rs. 400 crores in the near term, if I take two to three years from now. 
I just stand corrected on the earlier question, not Rs. 250 crore to Rs. 300 crore, 
it will be Rs. 
450 to Rs. 500 crores, extremely sorry for that. 
So, CAPEX will be around Rs. 450 crores to Rs. 500 crores in the next two to three years, which 
will take care of our PLI applications which we did for the backward integration, for some of 
the components compressor which was a joint venture, and expansion of the manufacturing or 
production capacity for both RAC as well as the Commercial Refrigerator. 
Thank you. The next question is in the line of Ashish Jain from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
My first question is again on market share, so while the market share loss is largely in the South, 
historically, you have said that South is like 20% to 22% of our total revenues. So, is it fair to 
Page 14 of 18

VOLTAS 
Jitender Verma: 
Ashish Jain: 
Manish Desai: 
Ashish Jain: 
Manish Desai: 
Moderator: 
Sujit Jain: 
Jitender Verma: 
Sujit Jain: 
Manish Desai: 
Voltas Limited 
May 09, 2022 
think that the market share loss in South is like disproportionate in the range of 20% to 25% to 
drive a overall loss of 6% to 7% points or am I missing something here? 
See what happened is, if you are there, the other part of the country got an extended winter, we 
all know. We didn't require to switch on the air conditioner in the night till probably end of the 
February. And that point of time when we have seen the contribution of South which has gone 
as high as 30% to 35%, primarily because other reasons were not having the need or the hot 
summer. So, that increased contribution which otherwise should have been stand at 20% to 22% 
you are right, which has gone as high as 33% to 35%. And this spur probably has resulted some 
kind of disruption, which we are seeing in terms of the overall market share among the players 
over there. 
Secondly, in terms of window air conditioners, can you just share some data in terms of how 
much of the industry is window ACs and how much for us 1s still window ACs? 
I know it’s a 
pretty small number but can you just share? 
I agree with you, rightly pointed out by you the share of the window has actually coming down 
year-on-year. And we touched to around 19%, I would say for the Voltas 19% and 20% probably 
be aligned with the industry as well. So, it has come down from once upon a time to having 25% 
in the last year it dropped to close to 23%, then 21% and we are now seeing a level of 19% to 
20% for the window type air conditioner. 
And you are saying that the proportion for the industry is also similar at 19%. 
Because you can't be too much away from the market, because obviously you can't be 2x if the 
market is x. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sujit Jain from ASK Investment Managers 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Yes, just to get this right, the price increase for RAC segment for the full year FY22 for Voltas 
would have been in the range of 12.5% to 13% overall, right. 
12% to 15% Yes. 
And now that at least one player has spoken about having raised prices in April, at least few 
players should be on par with Voltas, in terms of price increase taken for 15 months. 
It is difficult to control the expectations of the move the other competition no. So, it is difficult 
for us to estimate, yes, I know which player you are talking about, which has openly said about 
price increase. But at the same time, we have to see has it been rolled out effectively across all 
markets. Because the challenges what the leaders and the other players are facing will be faced 
by them as well by the other player, when you talk about the across product, across market 
increase of 2.5% or what is the price increase being announced. 
Page 15 of 18

VOLTAS 
Sujit Jain: 
Manish Desai: 
Sujit Jain: 
Manish Desai: 
Sujit Jain: 
Manish Desai: 
Moderator: 
Keyur Pandya: 
Voltas Limited 
May 09, 2022 
So, as I said in the earlier comment and Mr. Verma also commented, the effective rollout or the 
price since you announced generally takes almost 30 days to 45 days if I want to go on a PAN 
India basis across the lead SKUs where the price is being announced. So, that if I look from the 
quarter end and all, you won't get even advantage of more than 50% of the price being hiked 
been announced, at the beginning of the quarter. But it's a good start in terms of strategy all 
players adopting including Voltas when we announced price hike in the earlier period. 
The 25.8% market share that you spoke about in last concall which is Q3 con call, was for nine 
months. 
YTD, right. 
And this has basically GfK and Nielsen data, which is secondary data, volume data, only MBOs 
not EBOs, right? 
Yes, MBOs and you know very well how GfK extrapolates the data. But as I said there is only 
one agency carrying out such kind of analysis because generally, 
I don't want to explain the 
methodology because that methodology being adopted by them earlier as well and now. So, we 
are not pinpointing out to the terms of the methodology being adopted by them but generally 
when GfK captures the data, they extrapolate based upon the base data over there. And many 
times they are not able to collect the data from all retailers across countries. 
So, we take all this data in a good spirit. The reason being 1s because the market share is not 
probably the one which we are looking from this kind of data. It gives a lot of other insights in 
terms of the strength and weakness of the other brands including the weighted average 
distribution of each brand they are enjoying in a particular market. So, when we take this 
database, we go in a much micro way, in order to find out what are the corrective actions, or the 
need-based actions we required to do it, in some of the markets, which probably, we have to 
change or we have to move on terms of the distribution. 
This is a volume data, right? 
These are the volume data, right. 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question that is from the line of Keyur Harish Pandya 
from ICICI Prudential Life Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Just want to know, on the demand conditions, we are hearing that demand continues to be robust. 
Now, are we as a company and industry able to source material even at this stage seamlessly or 
are there supply issues either at the Voltas end, earlier you mentioned that there is no issue, but 
at the industrial which may help us gain market share? 
And just ancillary question is, are we able to source say final products or components locally or 
versus the import for this kind of demand. So, basically just want to understand with robust 
Page 16 of 18

VOLTAS 
Jitender Verma: 
Keyur Pandya: 
Manish Desai: 
Moderator: 
Voltas Limited 
May 09, 2022 
demand, how is the supply situation, whether at the channel end or the brand end for Voltas and 
for the industry? 
So, let me answer first the channel one, gentleman. We all know today, there is a huge demand 
of the product in the shelf. So, basically, the channel partners inventory will be a hand to mouth 
kind of situation probably they are not carrying even more than 15 to 20 days inventory, in their 
warehouses, but it's our reading because the continuous inventory are coming. And we are seeing 
good amount of growth over there. 
If I look from the Voltas side, obviously, it goes well for the brand manufacturer as well. So, our 
inventory level has also come down drastically. And if I compare with 31%t March inventory 
level with the capital employed which you are seeing in our statement. And if I take the future 
consumption in the trend, the inventory is sufficient for 45 to 60 days, although the continuous 
inflow is still coming, because when we project something on the growth side, we plan it over a 
base here and here the base year was 2019 because 2021 has still seen some kind of COVID 
induced lockdown, and reduced demand for that matter. 
So, industry has projected a good amount of growth. And 
I go with the projections which all 
players have grayed out. And 
I said in one of the questions, one of the observation was the 
answer is, if the demand continues to be more than 100% over the last year, 
I am sure that all 
industry players result will go into the stock out situation sooner or later. But till today, what we 
are seeing in the markets, we are adequately covered till June, July. 
I would say June because 
June where the primary ends actually. 
And how is the proportion of say import versus -- domestic supply would have changed this year 
versus say two years back or last year, post these restrictions on imports of ref gas? 
See most of the components have been localized, wherever we find the ecosystem in place. We 
all know that the compressor is still one of the components and some of the PCBs of the high 
denominations are still getting sourced through import. However, as we move forward, we are 
expecting that high amount of localization will take place, to start with motors and the PCBs 
followed by the compressor. 
So, in terms of the percentage, I would say that a compressor contributes around 16% to 20% of 
the cost and if I look from the PCBs which will add further kind of 12% to 13% or 15%, still, 
that components 
are 
largely being sourced through import, 
although we have 
the local 
arrangement as well. 
So, although their contribution 1s almost 35% to 40%, 
in the overall 
composition, at least 20% to 30% of the requirements are still getting procured locally, where 
we have some kind of ecosystem available in India. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for their closing comments. 
Page 17 of 18

VOLTAS 
Manish Desai: 
Jitender Verma: 
Moderator: 
Voltas Limited 
May 09, 2022 
Yes, we thank all the participants showing interest in Voltas. I am sure that one hour will not be 
enough for all the participants, given the anxiety and given the I would say the outlook and all. 
We are open for any questions/answer sessions and you can reach out to us, and we will try to 
answer it at the earliest. 
Thanks for all the questions, I think the timing of this question is very correct. And as we have 
said that we are taking the corrective actions in the market. We should be coming back with the 
market share and continue to be the market leader on the market share as well as on the margins 
itself because as we have said that it is not possible for all the other players to disrupt the prices 
and continue to make losses for long periods. With that, I really appreciate your time and thanks 
for the same. Thank you. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference 
call. We thank you for joining us and you may not disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Page 18 of 18
