 
 
 
Date: May 16, 2022 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400 001.  
 
Ref.: BSE Scrip Code No. “540743” 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051. 
 
Ref.: “GODREJAGRO” 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Conference call with Investors & Analysts held on May 10, 2022 
 
 
Ref. Submission under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
obligations and disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Conference call of Godrej Agrovet Limited with the Investors 
and Analysts held on Tuesday, May 10, 2022. 
 
The aforesaid information is also being hosted on the website of the Company viz., 
www.godrejagrovet.com. 
 
Please take the same on your records 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Godrej Agrovet Limited 
 
Vivek Raizada 
Head – Legal & Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(ACS - 11787)  
RAIZADA VIVEK 
PRITAMLAL
Digitally signed by RAIZADA 
VIVEK PRITAMLAL 
Date: 2022.05.16 18:02:44 
+05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 14 
   
    
Godrej Agrovet Limited  
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call  
May 10, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Godrej Agrovet Limited earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mit Shah from 
CDR India. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Mit Shah: 
Thank you, good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on the Godrej 
Agrovet Limited Q4 and FY 22 earnings Conference Call. From the company we 
have Mr. Nadir Godrej, chairman of the company, Mr. Balram S. Yadav, managing 
director, and Mr. S. Varadraj, chief financial officer. We would like to begin the call 
with the brief opening remarks from the management, following which we will open 
the forum for an interactive Q and A session. Before we begin I'd like to point out 
that certain statements made in today’s call may be forward looking in nature and 
a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings presentation shared 
with you earlier. I would like to invite Mr. Nadir Godrej to make his initial remarks. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Nadir Godrej: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all to the Godrej Agrovet earnings 
Conference Call. I hope and wish you are doing well and are staying safe. The 
financial year 2021-22 turned out to be a strong financial year for Godrej Agrovet in 
terms of top line growth with strengthening profitability. We recorded a total income 
of INR 8,385.7 crore in financial year 21-22, growing at 33% as compared to the 
previous year. Our quarter four growth in total income was also excellent at 44.9% 
year on year. The consolidated profit before tax grew by 92.4% and 22.4% for Q4 
and FY22 respectively, please note that the above numbers are excluding 
exceptional and non-recurring items and the breakup of the same has been 
provided in our earlier presentation for the quarter. Our consolidated balance sheet 
remains strong with net debt to equity in a ratio of 0.57x as on 31st March, 2022, 
largely unchanged from the previous quarters. 
 
Now I will discuss the key financial and business highlights of each of our business 
segments. In animal feed we achieved 20% growth in volumes in Q4 as well as in 

                                                                      Page 2 of 14                     
                            
financial year 21-22. The volume growth was achieved across key feed categories 
and was mainly led by new products and market share gain. In Q4, the segment 
results were impacted due to the continued drive with input commodity, however, 
for the full year 2022 segment results grew by 22.2% year on year. There were 
several factors driving growth in segment results, such as timely price hikes during 
the year, R&D benefits and strategic stocking initiative. The vegetable oil segment 
witnessed the most remarkable year, the combination of improvement in yield levels 
and all-time high oil prices led to almost 2.9 times year-on-year growth in segment 
results in FY22. For the 4th quarter, segment results were higher by 6.2 times as 
compared to Q4 FY21. The average prices of crude palm oil and palm kernel oil 
increased by 51% and 90% respectively in FY22 versus FY21. Improvement in the 
oil extraction ratio in FY22 was driven by R&D and operational efficiency. 
For the standalone crop protection business, it was one of the most difficult years 
in terms of operation. The monsoon turned out to be extremely erratic and uneven 
limiting application opportunities while input cost inflation continued to impact 
profitability. In the second half of the year, we focused on improvement in channel 
hygiene, which led to higher sales returns and increased provision for doubtful debt 
in the third quarter. Consequently, FY22 standalone crop protection revenues and 
profitability were below our expectations. Moving to the performance of our 
subsidiaries, Astec Life Sciences delivered its best quarterly and annual 
performance in Q4 and FY22. Revenues grew by 58.2% in Q4, while it closed the 
year with the growth of 21.9% reaching INR 676.6 crore in FY22. The robust 
performance was mainly driven by higher export realization and a favorable product 
mix, Astec achieved EBITDA growth of 82% and 38% in Q4 and FY22 respectively 
with higher realization supported by backward integration benefits. 
Our poultry subsidiary Godrej Tyson Foods Limited registered a revenue growth of 
45.8% in Q4 FY22 led by strong volume growth in real good and live bird category. 
EBITDA for the quarter also jumped to INR 16.2 crore as live bird prices rose 
sharply on a demand rebound. For the full year, top line growth of 30.1% was offset 
by fall in EBITDA on account of elevated feed costs throughout the year. Our dairy 
subsidiary, Creamline Dairy Products Limited continue to gain market share in 
value added products such as curd, buttermilk, ghee, milk drinks, etc. in its key 
markets. As a result, revenue from value added products grew by 16% in Q4 and 
27% in FY22 over the corresponding period. This further translated into CDPL’s 
total revenue growth of 20.2% and 13.8% in Q4 and FY22 respectively. However, 
unprecedented inflation in the entire basket of input costs had a severe impact on 
CDPL's margin profile.  While Q4 EBIDA growth was higher at 29.7% owing to 
product mix and increase in end product pricing, there was a degrowth in margins 
for FY22. GAVL’s joined venture in Bangladesh, ACI Godrej recorded another 
quarter and another year of strong performance with revenue growth of 41% and 
24.5% in Q4 and FY22, respectively. All feed categories i.e. cattle, poultry and aqua 
feeds witnessed strong demand and market share gains in Bangladesh. That 
concludes our business and financial performance update for the quarter and the 
full year. With this, I close my opening remarks. We will now be happy to take your 
question. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Nithin Awasthi from Incred Equity. Please go ahead. 
Nithin Awasthi: 
Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. The first question would be just as per my 
understanding, it is the aqua division in the feed segment which is the most 

                                                                      Page 3 of 14                     
                            
profitable among the other feeds, poultry and cattle, is that understanding correct, 
sir? 
Balram S. Yadav:  
Yes, aqua is part of the feed segment. 
Nithin Awasthi:  
Yes, but is it more profitable than the cattle feed segment and the poultry feed 
segment, which includes broiler and layer? 
Balram S. Yadav:  
No, not, not this year. 
Nithin Awasthi:  
Historically that has been the case, I believe this year there has been disruptions. 
Balram S. Yadav:  
So because of two reasons, one reason is that high soya bean prices and fish meal 
prices ate into the profitability and the big problem is that there are certain price 
controls being exercised by government of Andhra Pradesh. So a full pass through 
has not been possible in aqua feeds, particularly in the state of Andhra Pradesh, 
which is the main state and this is not only for us, but for all fish feed and shrimp 
feed players. 
Nithin Awasthi:  
Understood, sir. Also in your presentation, you have not mentioned the growth or 
degrowth in the aqua segment compared to cattle, broiler and layer, in which you 
have shown impressive growth. If you could just give us that figure, if possible. 
Balram S. Yadav:  
So we can give you that offline, the salience is close to 10%. 
Moderator:  
Mr. Awasthi, is there any other question? Mr. Awasthi, we cannot hear you, please 
confirm. Due to no response, we’ll move to the next question. Before we take the 
next question, we would like to remind our participants you may press “*” and “1” to 
ask a question. The next question is from the line of Saurabh from AMSEC, please 
go ahead. 
Saurabh Kapadia:  
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, our Q4 volumes in the animal feed were lower 
than Q3, so was it only because of aqua or are you witnessing higher prices or 
realization, there has been some demand destruction. 
Balram S. Yadav:  
I think Q4 normally is a weaker quarter anyway, because it is off season for aqua, 
both for fish and shrimp and there was a little bit of demand destruction also, 
particularly in broilers because of low prices the broiler population really went down 
in January and February and it is only in the March the placement started, so these 
were two reasons why Q4 is lower than Q3. 
Saurabh Kapadia:  
Sir, any guidance in terms of the volume growth for next year? 
Balram S. Yadav:  
So, I think it was an amazing year for us in Animal Feeds last year where we 
grabbed a lot of market share because the market in different segments was either 
flat or decreasing. But we grew, totally, we have grown almost 20.3% last year, but 
I must tell you that this is an opportunity which does not come our way every time. 
So, I would be very happy if we register anything between 13% to 15% growth in 
volume in the coming year or this year, current year and that is what the trend of 
April is also showing. 

                                                                      Page 4 of 14                     
                            
S Varadaraj:  
Having said that, just wanted to also put one more perspective in terms of Q4 
performance, Q4, the volumes of most of our product categories has grown, on an 
overall basis in animal feeds we had a growth of around 20% in Q4 led by cattle 
which grew by almost 25% and layer feed which grew by almost 28% vis-à-vis Q4 
of the previous financial year. 
Saurabh Kapadia:  
So now coming to the pricing, we are seeing some pressure on the margin. So have 
you taken a further price hike or how is the inventory situation in terms of the animal 
feed segment? 
Balram S. Yadav:  
But for shrimp feed and fish feed in Andhra Pradesh and for the obvious reasons of 
government interference in the pricing and all the other states and segments, we 
are taking a continuous price increase because the inflationary conditions continue 
and whether it is DOR rice bran or corn, in spite of it being a season, the prices are 
at least 10% to 12% still higher than last year. The only respite has been that 
government has again allowed import of soya meal and the soya meal prices have 
dropped by about 10% to 12% in last one week. So I think, as and when needed 
we are taking price increases, but I must also qualify that this price increases with 
the time lag, so this takes us about 2 to 3 weeks after the raw material prices to 
probably take a price increase, so you must always keep in mind that time lag will 
remain. But on the whole, I think 90 to 100% pass through is possible. 
Saurabh Kapadia:  
Okay, so next would be your crop rotation business. So FY 22 was bit challenging 
for the standalone crop protection business, so how should we see for the next 
season and also new launches that is lined up? 
Balram S. Yadav:  
So, I think everybody knows that what happened and I think we are not out of place 
because most of the other companies also are reporting returns and a little bit of 
challenging situation. But having said that, we bit the bullet in Q3, we have taken 
back the raw material. We have made extra provision also just to clean the balance 
sheet for future and not to punish future because of last year, of course, that money 
will be recovered and most of the stock which has been taken back will be, I would 
say re-dispatched because all of this stocks had almost one to one and a half years 
of expiry remaining. Having said that we have been extremely careful new 
processes and systems that have been set so that we don't get into a jam like this. 
We also took consultants’ help who are working on this project for last 6 months to 
set processes and set checks and balances so that in case there is a COVID wave 
or drought we should not get into a similar jam. In fact, this division had a very good 
track record for almost a decade, but one monsoon failure and consecutive waves 
of COVID definitely threw us off balance. So I'm very sure that with lot of discipline, 
we will regain our lost glory and we are not very aggressive in going for top line this 
year, but we will come back to 13 to 14% PBT on sale, which has been norm, but 
this will be much cleaner sales and we will maintain the hygiene in the market. 
Saurabh Kapadia:  
Okay, sir, lastly on the palm oil business, sir if you can provide the area under total 
palm oil, so last time we had number of about 72000 odd hectares, so has it 
increased and also the total FFB OER and oil extraction ratio? 
Balram S. Yadav:  
So I think palm oil, I think lot of good work we have done has been masked by high 
prices. So I need to tell you that last year was an amazing year from the point of 
view of improved efficiency, whereas OER improved significantly from, I think, 
17.5% to 18.75%, which was a very, very big improvement, which came in because 

                                                                      Page 5 of 14                     
                            
of lot of procedural changes, better management, new equipment, and some R&D 
initiative, which we took in oil recovery by using several physical and chemical 
methods. So I think that has been there. The overall increase in FFB processed last 
year was 9% and 9% because we lost a few, 2000 tons to Telegana, because of 
price differential the Andhra Pradesh government was very sluggish in revising the 
formula. Telangana government was very, very proactive just cause we have 
contiguous area, the flight of fruit keeps on happening and it was a significant 
number we lost last year, but not anymore. That's point number one point, number 
two is that yes. I would say that we are close to about 70,000 hectares already and 
this year again we are going to do 4,000 to 5,000 more expansion, but I must also 
tell you that net increase is only about 3000 hectares cause uprooting keeps on 
happening and now that NMEO-OP scheme is there once we get allocations in 
Northeast and in other states, we might increase this number to 7000 to 8000 
hectares a year from next year onwards. 
Saurabh Kapadia:  
Okay, and sir this OER can it be sustained now at 18.75 or can it be further 
improved? 
Balram S. Yadav:  
So definitely the target is because I think, better analysis, better equipment, better 
technology, lot of work has happened for last 3 to 4 years with this, because you 
know, more OER is more profit for us because we pay on fruit weight. So I have a 
feeling that definitely this is sustainable this year, but most probably we will take 
more steps to improve it further next year also. 
Saurabh Kapadia:  
Okay. Thank you and all the best. 
Balram S. Yadav:  
Going by April and May to date, it is sustainable. 
Saurabh Kapadia:  
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that the management will be 
able to address questions from all participants, we would request you to please limit 
your question to two at a time. Should you have a follow-up question, please rejoin 
the queue. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from 
ICICI Securities, please go ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi:  
Thanks for the opportunity, sir, just one question, has Godrej Agrovet gained market 
share across segment considering this has been a very tough time for most of the 
unorganized players, and if true can you indicate the market share gains also in 
past one year for the company? 
Balram S. Yadav:  
Look, animal feed I can definitely tell you that we have had unprecedented year and 
when the market has not grown or degrown in most of the segments. So I must tell 
you that we have 20.1% growth in cattle feed, 32% growth in broiler feed, 26% 
growth in layer feed and we had almost 21% growth in shrimp feed, unfortunately 
fish suffered because for fish the first quarter that is April to June is very important 
and April to June was wiped out in rural India cause of COVID 2. So I think there 
we degrew almost about 18%, but overall I would say that there's a big stride in our 
market share and definitely I'm not talking about basis points. I'm talking about at 
least 2% to 3% improvement in our market share in each of these segments. We 
believe that we have got into dominant position in several states, particularly in 
cattle feed and layer feed and we are very, very hopeful that not only we will be 

                                                                      Page 6 of 14                     
                            
able to maintain that leadership, but also add one or two more states in this list. I 
must tell you that even though we are the largest cattle feed player in the country, 
we were not number one in any of these states. Now this year we have regained 
our number one position in Maharashtra and most likely one or two states will also 
be added in the next few quarters in this list. 
Aniruddha Joshi:  
Sir, this is very, very helpful, many thanks. 
Balram S. Yadav:  
So I think since you talked about market share I also need to tell you that in several 
categories of Creamline Dairy, particularly the value added products, as per Neilsen 
we have had major gain in the market share in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vidit Shah from IIFL, please go 
ahead. 
Vidit Shah:  
Hi, thank you for taking my question, so could you provide some color and outlook 
on the vegetable oil business and you know, prices and availability demand of the 
palm oil, I mean, where do you see this going given the volatility in the market? 
Balram S. Yadav:  
So today the CPO price is close to about INR 150 per kg and the CPQ price is close 
to about INR 220 per kg, which are totally unstable because at these levels there 
will be huge demand destruction. Now the two big variables in this are the 
Indonesian government's policy because Indonesia is one of the biggest suppliers 
of palm oil, almost they produce about 48 million tons and they have banned exports 
for sometime just to cool off their domestic prices. Now they have to withdraw that 
ban because the season is coming, they're going to produce good quantities of 
palm oil and they have storage of 6 to 7 million tons only, which will get filled in next 
week or two. So ultimately this ban is going to go and definitely the CPO prices are 
likely to come down in next few days. My sense is that they will come down, but 
they will not come down to last year levels of INR 90,000 or 100000 at this time, 
because there is another variable, which is the Ukraine-Russian conflict where 
almost 22 million tons of sun oil has been out of the market for some time and I 
think the palm is the only substitute for that sun oil. So I believe that even though 
the prices will come down, they will continue to be at least 10 to 15% higher than 
last year and let us see how this season progresses, because I think regulatory 
environment is also very, very important in exporting countries. So we have our 
fingers crossed. We believe that the prices should come down because demand 
destruction is disaster for the industry in the long run. So we are also waiting for the 
Indonesian government some policy decision, I have not been in touch for last 3 to 
4 hours, because today there was a meeting supposed to happen in Jakarta. So I 
don't know, but my sense is that these are the two big variables. 
Nadir Godrej:  
Balram, I would like to add that apart from sunflower oil, the Ukraine war has also 
impacted crude oil and gas prices and biodiesel is made from vegetable oils and 
therefore the demand for biodiesel is immense and as long as crude oil is high, 
there is no chance for vegetable oil prices to fall. 
Vidit Shah:  
Thank you, sir, got it, that’s very helpful. And my second question was, sir if you 
could just provide some outlook on, you know, some of the margins of the hit 
businesses. So animal feeds and standalone crop protection had, you know, an 
unfavorable margin movement this year, I mean, do you see this recovering in FY 
23? I mean, uh, both, you know, commentary is fairly positive with prices being 

                                                                      Page 7 of 14                     
                            
passed on an animal feed and, you know, less provision being taken in standalone, 
but what extent of recovery can we expect to see in jump of margin. 
Balram S. Yadav:  
So, one thing which I need to clarify that whatever I'm talking, I'm talking about the 
whole year, I'm not talking quarter on quarter, because definitely there will be lots 
of macro environmental factors, regulatory factors, monsoon factors, etc. which will 
affect Q on Q margins. But I can definitely tell you that will the margins of animal 
feed business be maintained? The answer is yes, we will be able to maintain the 
same level of margin and register 12% to 14% growth in volume so that I can 
definitely tell you, I can also tell you that most of our problems are behind us in the 
agri business. We may see a 15 to 20% topline growth, but we will see the 
profitability going back to 13% to 14% PBT or sales, what it used to be because last 
year, the biggest hit was sales returns and just to maintain hygiene in the market 
and just to make sure that we don't have any obsolesce unnecessarily, we took 
back the material, which is not the case every year. So my sense is in this, the 
margins will be maintained. In case the turmoil in OPB business continues, 
definitely I would say that margins will be better than last year in OPB business and 
if you ask me Bangladesh, definitely it'll follow the same trend as our animal feed 
business and slightly better because Bangladesh is mainly import dependent and I 
believe that they will have some kind of position advantage, which they have been 
taking for quite some time in last 2-3 months. As far as our food businesses are 
concerned, I must say that dairy, I think I'll speak later in case there is a specific 
question, in chicken business, you will see improvement in margins because I think 
that the prices which were lagging for some time have definitely increased and 
measured up. 
In our business and everywhere there is a time lag between cost increases and 
price increases, and that hurt us in January/February, but you must have seen our 
smart recovery in the chicken business and market that still continues. So in the 
milk business, the big problem is that we are unable to pass through, the continuous 
increase in cost of milk because the cooperatives in south India are just not 
increasing prices. You'll be really surprised that last year 8% to 9% was the cost 
increase to us milk and because of petroleum increase the packaging product went 
through the roof. The whole industry is going through this trauma, even though we 
have a higher unprecedented growth in value added products, which are more 
profitable than milk, but our inability to pass on the total cost has definitely hurt us 
last year. Price increases have come, albeit a little late, but the cost of milk 
continues to increase and this is a very rare phenomena in the industry, I've been 
here 22 years. I've always seen that prices definitely go down in the flush season, 
starting August and for last 2 years, we haven't had a flush, prices have been 
moving northwards and cooperatives are losing money, but still supporting the 
farmer. So there, I think the profitability and the margin rest on the fact that in case 
there is a flush, we are going to get very good margins because the prices are very 
high of poultry products, in case INR 2-3 reduction in milk price happens you can 
imagine that for last 7 months, we can even make 6% to 7% PBT on sales in milk 
business because of the scale of business and INR 2-3 is a big amount when we 
are collecting almost 800000 to 900000 liters of milk per day. So I'm saying that this 
is the margin profile, so far so good, but I definitely feel that this year will again 
present a lot of challenges every year and we are just keeping our fingers crossed 
and waiting for the first one, which is the monsoon. 
Vidit Shah:  
Got it, that's helpful. So can I just request one data point in terms of the share of 
value added products? 

                                                                      Page 8 of 14                     
                            
Balram S. Yadav:  
Yes, so I think, last year we have reached about 28% of total sales from 23%. But 
this year we are going to be big and let me just tell you one more thing that you 
should not look at FY 21 and FY 22 to judge our performance because quarter one, 
which is the April, May, June in both years were COVID quarter. That is the time 
the value added products, the ice creams, the lassi, the buttermilk, the flavored 
milk, shakes, etc. move because of summer season and unfortunately this business 
has lost both the summer season to COVID, so my sense is this year we are likely 
to end up more than a third at least of value added products. 
Vidit Shah:  
Okay, thanks so much, that’s it from me. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Vora from Premier Capital, 
please go ahead. 
Aman Vora:  
Hi, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a great set of numbers. So I 
had two questions. First was on the palm oil segment. You mentioned that we'd be 
adding net 3000 to 4,000 hectares per year and we see Ruchi soya and other 
companies also adding a lot of capacity. So, like do we have that endeavor of 
maintaining the number and position? 
Balram S. Yadav:  
So the allocations we have, I'm not talking about states, which we have exited like 
Maharashtra, Karnataka and Gujarat because of lack of government support 
because the farmers also had other opportunity, but we are pretty active in the 
states of Orissa, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu. I can definitely tell 
you the kind of allocations we have, a 4,000 hectares per annum increase definitely 
can be done for next about 7 to 8 years, Telangana and Orissa both are likely to 
give us further allocation. We have also applied in Northeast, Arunachal Pradesh 
and Assam present good opportunity for expansion and the government schemes 
are also extremely favorable. We are already present in Mizoram, so we know the 
lay of land and we know the challenges of that area. In case we get some allocation 
in Assam, we can definitely increase it from say 4,000 per annum to about 6000 to 
7000 hectares per annum. 
Aman Vora:  
Right. Got it. And second question is that we've been investors in this company for 
more than 3 years now. I want to understand from you more on a longer term basis, 
like there are lot of moving parts because we are a agriculture based company and 
it's affected by so many things in the macroeconomic environment, as an investor 
over 2-3 years, how should we look at on a consolidated basis? How should we 
look at the company, whether you want to talk about top line or bottom line or 
margins, anything, like on a consolidated basis as Godrej Agrovet shareholder? 
Balram S. Yadav:  
So let me just tell you the, the portfolio is the strength and it is the weakness also. 
And I'll tell you why it is strength. If you see our track record, I think the kind of 
turmoil this sector has gone in, but we have still maintained that profitability growth 
and we are still very solvent, debt equity is 0.5. We are continuously investing and 
we are upping our investments in the businesses we are in. So I think that way, I 
would say that the business is solid and lot of businesses hedge each other. I'll give 
you an example. Through R&D initiative, we had substitute for soya meal in our 
poultry feed and the soya meal went up and as we were so happy that soya meal 
is very high because we were able to substitute it with other raw materials, which 
were much cheaper and that was through our R&D initiative and huge amounts of 
money we had invested in last 5 years in that direction and that resulted in 

                                                                      Page 9 of 14                     
                            
unprecedented growth in our poultry feed, unprecedented increase in our market 
share and unprecedented increase in our profitability. But on the other side, it hit 
our aqua feed business significantly because we don't have any substitute in aqua 
feed for soya, it also hit our Godrej Tyson Foods business because the cost of 
production went up and we were left with huge amount of long term contracts at 
lower prices with QSR and these international multinational QSR because of our 
global relationships at Tyson level, it was not possible to renegotiate in the middle 
of the year. Of course we have broken out of that tradition and we have now 
negotiated processing chicken contracts on quarterly basis. But I'm saying just see 
the edge here, definitely I think, long term we will continue to invest, Astec will be 
another big vehicle because the opportunity is very big because China plus one 
opportunity and India becoming a very big hub for chemical. So, you will see lot of 
investments going in Astec Life Sciences. CPB business once comes back on track 
every year we have something or the other to launch, either own product or in 
licensing. So we can maintain the 15%-17% growth in top line and bottom line and 
Gracia is one molecule, which we have got from Nissan. It has a INR 200 crore 
opportunity in next 3 years and we will score significant capture of that potential in 
first year itself. So having said that our two underperforming businesses are milk 
and chicken. I think chicken is work in progress and this quarter you will see much 
improved numbers in chicken and that will also give you some confidence that this 
is a game which we can play profitably and sustainably. The problem with milk 
business is that either the prices have to go up, which is going to be excruciatingly 
slow. The reason is because the cooperatives will be very reluctant to raise prices 
at consumer level or the flush has to come and the milk costs have to come down. 
I'm very, very hopeful for the second because flush has been missed. We are 
seeing lot of improvements happening in rural India. People are taking care of 
animals. So eventually the milk will definitely come down by August or September. 
 
So the way to look at is from the positive side hedge, from the negative side, some 
businesses underperforming and if we are able to fix them, definitely return on 
equity, return on capital employed, etc. will go up. So we are just keeping our fingers 
crossed. We have done whatever is in our control and I think a little bit help from 
macroenvironment will definitely propel us into 15% to 20% top line, bottom line 
growth on a steady shared basis. 
Nadir Godrej:  
Balram, I would like to add two points to that. One is we are doing a lot of R&D and 
we've increased our R&D expense in all the businesses and in businesses like 
animal feed and oil farm we don't see others doing R&D at our levels, of course in 
agrichemicals there are lot of Indian companies doing a lot of R&D, but we have 
also stepped up our R&D spends and that will help in the future and the other thing 
is the great commodity boom is affecting a lot of economies, but it's wonderful news 
for Indian agriculture. Indian agriculture productivity is very, very low. So there's 
very little opportunity to produce more anywhere in the world other than in India and 
this is a big opportunity and Godrej Agrovet can take benefit from it and India can 
benefit from it. 
Aman Vora:  
And I would just like to mention this point here, like what Mr. Godrej mentioned, I'm 
extremely proud of that as a shareholder also because the R&D benefits and the 
R&D that Godrej Agrovet as a company is doing actually, you don't see on ground 
other companies doing when I talk to people around. So that is something that I'm 
really proud of and all the very best and thank you so much. 

                                                                      Page 10 of 14                     
                          
Balram S. Yadav:  
Just to give you the good news that our agrochemical R&D center, which will cater 
to Astec mainly and also crop protection business is almost 75% through. We might 
just inaugurate that R&D center in October or November this year and I must say 
that we have no stone unturned in sophistication as well as capacity to create a 
world class and top of the line R&D center at Rabale in Mumbai. 
Aman Vora:  
Great, all the best, thank you so much. 
Nadir Godrej:  
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Falguni Dutta from Jet Age 
Securities, please go ahead. 
Falguni Dutta:  
Sir, pardon me for asking basic questions, I'm new to understanding your company. 
So a basic question I had what is the basis for allocation of plantation in palm oil 
business, suppose two companies were to apply at the same time? 
Balram S. Yadav:  
So there are two top things I must answer. First and foremost is that in the existing 
areas where we have been allocated every year, government gives us a target, 
which is controlled by the government to cover that area or to motivate the farmers 
and convert them into oil farm and this target is based on the fact because the 
central government and the state government have to support the farmers for next 
3-4 years, so they see their budget and they say that let us do only 10,000 hectares 
in Andhra Pradesh and based on our performance in past several years the different 
companies give different share and we have been getting a lion’s share out of that 
in both Andhra Pradesh and Telangana including Tamil Nadu also. Now the other 
interesting question, which is very difficult to answer is the new allocation, like today 
Northeast has opened up this national edible oil mission, oil palm. There is a big 
outlay in Northeast, Northeast has become suddenly attractive because not only 
this government is going to support for a year or two, the farmers and the 
companies will be supported till 2035. So that is the first time central government 
has made such a long commitment to any project. Now there the most important 
states are Arunachal Pradesh and Assam and I must tell you that how they are 
likely to allocate is a black box because all the documentation has been done and 
we are just waiting that what allocations we will get, because, I think, all the 
information has been given to them. So I do not know whether we'll get any 
allocations or somebody else will take it because of some other reason. So I don't 
know, but there was a small pocket in Manipur which was closer to our Mizoram 
facility where we have already got allocation. We are the only company who will be 
operating in Mizoram in future. But I think that, as I said earlier, that we have a, at 
least a 10 year runway of 3500 to 4000 hectares per annum in the four states where 
we are already operating. 
Falguni Dutta:  
Okay, sir and a general question. What if in your allocated area only if the farmer 
were to decide to cultivate some other crop? Is that allowed? 
Balram S. Yadav:  
So I think that has been the history because one of the big problems with this crop 
is that it is a plantation crop. Now the big problem is that the first 3-4 years even 
though the farmer is supported by the government in cost, but he does not have 
any income so at least 10 to 15% of area, which is planted is uprooted within 1 to 2 
years because the farmer is not able to get any income out of it. Now the new policy 
addresses that. So that's point number one, point number two is that, my sense is 

                                                                      Page 11 of 14                     
                          
that inflation has done wonders for oil seed industry, including oil farm in this country 
and I always believe no amount of government or private sector initiatives can 
deliver a result what inflation can deliver. It is a pulses moment for oil seeds in India. 
 
About 5 years ago, you know, pulses price went up by 70-80%. It became very, 
very attractive for farmers and farmers are businessmen, so suddenly from a pulse 
deficit state, we became a pulse surplus state at least till last year. So I'm saying 
this is going to happen in oil. Of course, import dependence will be there, but we 
are seeing lot of conversion to oil seed, not only oil farm in the country. In oil farm 
also, you'll be really surprised that in FY 22 and FY 23 this will be the most profitable 
crop for farmer and I can bet on any crop because normally farmers in Andhra 
Pradesh, Telangana where farmers are doing very well between INR 4,00,000 to 
5,00,000 per hectare in these 2 years, per hectare per annum in these 2 years. My 
sense is that because of this reason, there'll be lot of acceleration in growth of palm 
and other oil fields in the country. 
Nadir Godrej:  
Right. Balram, you should stress that oil palm yields are higher than any other crop 
and oil is the commodity that has inflated the most. In addition, the oil palm 
produces a lot of biomass and that has become very valuable because petroleum 
prices are so high. So the oil farm trumps any other crop today. 
Balram S. Yadav:  
So normal traditional oil seeds like mustard, soya, cotton seed, groundnut, etc. they 
produce about 350 to 700 kg of oil per hectare, oil palm produces between 3.5 to 4 
tons in Indian condition per hectare, and apart from biomass you won't believe that 
the kind of biomass we produce in our factories produces eight megawatt of 
electricity per day, so we don't buy any electricity in our oil palm factories, which 
are very, very energy intensive and we have a stream of revenue from biomass, 
which is converted into briquettes. 
Falguni Dutta:  
Okay, sir, one more question related to this, also a basic one. On what basis do we 
pay the farmers? I mean, its linked to what? 
Balram S. Yadav:  
It's a fair formula. So it is a formula which has been given by the central government 
and implemented by states, unlike, sugar cane. We pay as a percentage of oil price 
of that month so when the oil prices increase, the farmer gets paid more, when the 
oil prices decrease, farmer gets paid less and it comes to something like 78.5% of 
the oil price goes to the farmer, which is very fair formula. Now we don't have many 
marketing expenses, etc. because we are sellers of crude palm oil and palm kernel 
oil to the refiner, etc. so our fixed costs are low, whatever variable costs are there. 
So our profitability is very high in inflationary conditions. So that is one big 
advantage we are having right now. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. I would request Ms. Dutta to rejoin the queue for follow-up question. 
The next question is from the line of Depesh Kashyap from Equirus, please go 
ahead. 
Depesh Kashyap:  
Yes. So thanks for taking my question. Sir, again on palm oil segment, you talked 
about pricing and the profitability for farmers, but given that palm oil tree takes 
around 4 years to give the fruits, right. So I just wanted to understand what is the 
volume growth outlook for this year FY 23? And, do you see any disruption like the 
white fly attack that we saw in FY 21 to happen this year? 

                                                                      Page 12 of 14                     
                          
Balram S. Yadav:  
White fly attack, if it had to happen it would've happened because white fly attack, 
the peak comes in March and, I must tell you that I think certain amount of trauma 
from nature as well as government has brought the industry together and one of 
the best examples have been our white fly control because if one company does 
white fly it does not help because from my plantation, they go to the other plantation 
and then they grow there. So I think it was done on community basis, total private 
sector effort and we eliminated 99% of the problem of white fly as of now, that is 
point number one, point number two, we are expecting a growth of almost 17%-
18% in oil production this year, about 75% because of volume increases and about 
25% because of OER improvements and other efficiency improvement. 
Depesh Kashyap:  
Great, sir and about there will be a pricing growth that will be - we’ve already seen, 
right? 
Balram S. Yadav:  
So that I think we’ll have to consult Indonesian. 
Depesh Kashyap:  
Right and sir the other question I had was on the ACIJV that you have, right? So 
that has been doing very well for the last 3 years. So if you can call out what is 
happening in Bangladesh, is the underlying market also growing at that rate or you 
are getting market share and which particular segments are doing well for you 
there? 
Balram S. Yadav:  
So we were number three last year, that is FY 21, in FY 22 I think that market also 
degrew because Bangladesh also had very severe COVID and unfortunately they 
did not have the kind of vaccine capability of what we had. So there was a big drop 
in their industry, particularly in the first quarter that is April, May, June, and they 
took some time to recover. One of the things is that we still grew about 13% in 
volumes, which has increased our market share. We were number 3 and I can 
definitely tell you that we are just knocking the doors of becoming the number 2 
animal feed company in Bangladesh. The margin dropped because of logistics 
issues because 90% of the raw material in Bangladesh for animal feed come from 
outside and you knew the container situation in the first half of the last financial 
year. So there were lot of ups and downs, cost increases, freight issues, etc. but I 
think at 13% growth, maintaining the margin at the last year level was a great show 
by the team and it has definitely put us at a different level in that country. 
Depesh Kashyap:  
Right, and sir which segments have been doing well, cattle, poultry or aqua?  
Balram S. Yadav:  
The segments which has not done well and this is something which is very 
interesting learning for us is that fish was under pressure in India also and in 
Bangladesh also, but poultry we did very well, cattle we did very well. 
Depesh Kashyap:  
Okay, got it. 
Balram S. Yadav:  
Which is the significant part of our business there, almost one fourth. 
Depesh Kashyap:  
Got it, and lastly, sir, you talked about the margin pressure on the shrimp feed 
segment, but I believe the industry took a price hike in the month of March and 
again in April. So can you please confirm that Godrej Agrovet also took a price hike 
and by how much, and do you see the margin pressure easing now? 

                                                                      Page 13 of 14                     
                          
Balram S. Yadav:  
Not at all. The cost increases was about INR 9 per kg, the price increase was about 
INR 5 per kg and the problem is that the price increase has to be negotiated with 
Andhra Pradesh government and that was a very big problem. Soya meal has come 
down in last one week because of imports coming. So my sense is that even though 
the cost increase comes down to about INR 7 to 7.5 per kg we still have to go about 
INR 2 to 3 per kg to cover the raw material cost only. So I'm saying that, that has 
become a very tough place to do business, I only can say that. 
Depesh Kashyap:  
Got it, so only INR 5 hike that you took in March, that was the hike recently you had 
taken. 
Balram S. Yadav:  
Yes. So one of the things is that hike happens on the MRP, then discounts, etc. so 
what we get is little lower than what we take. The hike was more than 6 and our 
MRP we will get about INR 5. 
Depesh Kashyap:  
Understood. Thank you, sir. All the best. 
Balram S. Yadav:  
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kashyap from Broadview 
Research, please go ahead. 
Kashyap:  
Hi, good afternoon, Mr. Balram, just one quick question on the capital intensity in 
the business, the working capital has kind of moved up while obviously you've seen 
good earnings growth, but compared to pre COVID where our working capital to 
sales was quite under control, the working capital has been moving up. So, I just 
wanted to understand what are your thoughts on working capital going forward and 
what are the levers we can use to pull it back to what it used to be earlier? 
Balram S. Yadav:  
So, the only places we don't like working capital is debtors in aqua feed and debtors 
in CPB, which we are trying to control desperately, but we love increase in 
receivables in Astec Life Sciences, because definitely our exports are growing 
rapidly and we have currency benefits as well as margin benefits there. We are 
carrying a lot of stock in animal feed, very good positions in certain raw materials, 
same in aqua feed. We are sitting on enough SMP and fat to tide over the milk 
shortage time in the milk business. So definitely I think movement in working capital 
northwards is largely because of stocks, which we are carrying and less because 
of debtors. So I'm saying that, that I think, if we do mark to market, we are in good 
situation as far as stocks are concerned, the only place we are going to be very 
careful is debtors in CPB and debtors in Aqua Feed  
Kashyap:  
Sure, okay. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Nadir Godrej:  
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions. If you have any 
further questions or would like to know more about the company, we would be 
happy to be of assistance, stay safe and stay healthy. Thank you once again for 
taking the time to join us on this call. 

                                                                      Page 14 of 14                     
                          
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Godrej Agrovet Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
